["The film focuses on the conflict between Maximilian I, a European political dupe who is installed as the puppet ruler of Mexico by the French, and Benito Juárez, the country's president. In 1863, Napoléon III of France, fearful he will lose Mexico to its newly-elected president Benito Juárez, circumvents the Monroe Doctrine by instituting sovereign rule and controlling an election that places Maximilian von Habsburg on the Mexican throne. Upon his arrival in the country with his wife Carlota, Maxmilian realizes he is expected to establish French supremacy by confiscating land Juárez had returned to the native people and penalizing the rebels under his command. Maximilian decides to abdicate his throne but is deterred from doing so by Carlotta. Maximillian offers Juárez the position of prime minister, and his refusal creates a rift between the two. As the American Civil War comes to an end, the United States sends troops in support of Juárez's army, but their efforts are thwarted by vice-president Alejandro Uradi, who seizes the American ammunition and therefore virtually guarantees victory for Maximilian. However, Napoleon removes all French troops from Mexico, leaving Maximilian without an army. Angered by this move, Carlota returns to Paris to appeal to Napoleon, but she suffers a mental breakdown. Juárez and his rebels capture Maxmilian and his men and, although arrangements to set him free are made, he insists on remaining with his supporters. Tried and found guilty, they are sentenced to death by firing squad."] ['The film opens in 1940, with Lawrence in a screening room watching a documentary film chronicling her life, then flashes back to Clapham in 1915, when she leaves home to join her vaudevillian father in a dilapidated Brixton music hall. Eventually she joins the chorus in André Charlot\'s West End revue. She reunites with close childhood friend Noël Coward who provides witty commentary on Gertie\'s actions. Charlot becomes annoyed with Gertie\'s efforts to stand out, literally, from the chorus. He threatens to fire her, but stage manager Jack Roper intercedes and gets her hired as a general understudy to the leads. She marries Jack, but it\'s clear she is more inclined to perform onstage than stay home and play wife. While pregnant, she insists on going on for an absent star, and captivates the audience with her own star-making performance of "Burlington Bertie". Charlot and Roeper witness the audiences warm approval, and both realize, Charlot grudgingly and Roeper wistfully, that Gertie belongs on the stage. After their daughter Pamela is born, Gertrude is angered when Roper takes the baby on a pub-crawl, and leaves him. A subsequent courtship with Sir Anthony Spencer, an English nobleman, polishes Gertie\'s rough edges and transforms her into a lady. Caught at a chic supper club when she is supposed to be on a sick day, she is fired from the Charlot Revue. Squired by Spencer, she becomes the famous darling of society. Coward then convinces Charlot to feature her in his new production, and she is finally recognized as a star. When the revue opens in New York City, she dallies with an actor and a banker, bringing the number of her suitors to three. Gertrude faces financial ruin after spending all her considerable earnings, but ultimately manages to pay back her debtors and retain her glamor. As her career soars, her long-distance relationship with her daughter deteriorates. When Pamela cancels an anticipated holiday with Gertie, she gets roaring drunk and insults a roomful of people at a surprise birthday party thrown by Coward. Among the insultees at the party is American theatre producer Richard Aldrich. When he returns to escort the hung-over star home, he gives an honest appraisal of her. She is insulted, then intrigued by him, making an unannounced visit to his Cape Playhouse where she proposes to play the lead. They argue at rehearsal. He proposes marriage, she throws him out. Back on Broadway, she has trouble getting a handle on a crucial "The Saga of Jenny" number in Lady in the Dark. Aldrich turns up at a daunting rehearsal where he observes her frustration and takes her, with Coward, out to a nightclub. She protests, then realizes the kind of performance they are watching is the key to her dilemma in the show. Coward pronounces him "a very clever man." After a rousing performance of "Jenny," the film ends with her marriage to Aldrich, eight years before her triumph in The King and I and untimely death from liver cancer at age 54.'] ['Jane Austen  is the younger daughter of Reverend George Austen  and his wife  and has yet to find a suitable husband. She wishes to be a writer, to the dismay of her mother and proud delight of her father. Thomas Lefroy  is a promising lawyer with a bad reputation, which he describes as "typical" for people in the profession. Tom makes a bad first impression upon meeting Jane, when he nearly falls asleep while she gives a reading of her work for the company. Overhearing his subsequent criticism, Jane cannot stand the arrogant Irishman. Meanwhile she turns down the affections of other men, including Mr. Wisley , the nephew and heir of the wealthy Lady Gresham . Wisley proposes, but Jane ultimately rejects him due to lack of affection. The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again; they argue, but increasingly take interest in each other, and Tom demonstrates that he takes Jane\'s literary aspirations seriously. In time they fall in love. Tom, Jane, her brother Henry ([[Joe Anderson , and Jane\'s rich widowed cousin, Eliza, Comtesse de Feullide , conspire to receive an invitation from Tom\'s uncle and benefactor, the Lord Chief Judge Langlois of London,  for the rich "Madame La Comtesse" and her friends. This visit is meant to be a short break in their journey to see Jane\'s brother, Edward. This would allow Judge Langlois to get to know Jane before and give a blessing for their marriage. Full of hope, Jane cannot sleep during the night at the Judge\'s place. In a flow of inspiration, she then begins the writing of First Impressions, the manuscript that will become Pride and Prejudice. However, Judge Langlois receives a letter informing him of the genteel poverty of Jane\'s family, and he refuses to give Tom his blessing, declaring that he would wish Tom to be the whoremonger he had been rather than allow him to live in poverty because of a bad marriage. Tom tells Jane that he cannot marry her, and she is crushed, not knowing that Tom has a legitimate reason; his family depends on him financially. Jane goes back home and soon learns that Tom has become engaged to someone else at the arrangement of his family. Jane accepts the marriage proposal of Mr. Wisley, whom she had earlier turned down. Later, Tom realises he cannot live without Jane, and returns, asking Jane to run away with him, for "what value will there be in life, if we are not together?" Jane agrees, and they leave, with only Jane\'s sister Cassandra  knowing they plan to marry in secret. On the way, Jane stumbles upon a letter from Tom\'s mother, and realises his situation: he sends money he receives from his uncle back to his parents and siblings, and his family cannot survive without it. She tells Tom that they cannot elope, not with so many people depending upon him. He insists that he and Jane must marry and tells her he will earn money, but Jane tells him that it will not be enough; he will never be able to make enough money to support his dependents with a High Court judge  as an enemy and with a penniless wife. Distraught, Tom asks her if she loves him, and she replies, “Yes, but if our love destroys your family, then it will destroy itself, in a long, slow degradation of guilt and regret and blame." She leaves to go home. Jane catches a last glimpse of Tom through the carriage window as he briefly follows, the horses outpacing him. Twenty years later, Jane, now a successful author and by choice unmarried, sees Tom pass by during a gathering. Her brother Henry, now married to Eliza, goes after Tom and brings him to her. Tom introduces his eldest daughter , who admires Jane\'s novels. As she asks Jane to read aloud, he remonstrates her by her name, also Jane. Astonished that he named his eldest after her, Jane agrees to read. The last scene shows Tom\'s daughter sitting by Jane as she reads aloud from Pride and Prejudice, while Tom watches Jane affectionately. As she concludes, their eyes meet, and Tom joins the rest of the company in honouring Jane and her work with applause.'] ['On October 6, 1970, while on holiday in Istanbul, Turkey, American college student Billy Hayes straps 2kg of hashish blocks to his chest. While attempting to board a plane back to the US with his girlfriend, Billy is arrested by Turkish police on high alert due to fear of terrorist attacks. He is strip-searched, photographed and questioned. After a while, a shadowy American  arrives, takes Billy to a police station and translates for Billy for one of the detectives. On questioning Billy tells them that he bought the hash from a taxicab driver, and offers to help the police track him down in exchange for his release. Billy goes with the police to a nearby market and points out the cab driver, but when the police go to arrest the cabbie Billy sees an opportunity and makes a run for it. He gets cornered in a building and is recaptured by the mysterious American. During his first night in holding, Billy, freezing cold, sneaks out of his cell and steals a blanket. Later that night he is rousted from his cell and brutally beaten by the chief of guards, Hamidou. He wakes a few days later in Sağmalcılar prison, surrounded by fellow western prisoners Jimmy , Max  and Erich  who help him to his feet. Jimmy tells Billy that the prison is a dangerous place for foreigners like themselves and that no-one can be trusted, not even the young children. In the ensuing weeks following his arrest, Billy attempts to gain his release through the Turkish justice system. On the advice of Max, he hires a Turkish attorney, Yesil, who has a reputation for having successfully defended another prisoner also arrested with a large quantity of hashish. Billy’s father arrives from the US and the two share an emotional reunion. The courtroom scene at Billy’s trial is disorienting to both father and son as the prosecutor rapidly hurls accusations at Billy in Turkish. As the two ask their lawyer for an explanation, Yesil reassures them the remarks were just technical and not to worry, that the judge likes him. The judge returns a verdict of 4 years in prison angering the prosecutor and devastating Billy and his father. Yesil assures them it is an excellent outcome and that Billy could have received a lifetime sentence for smuggling, a sentence the prosecutor was vehemently arguing for. Father and son retreat to a small holding area where they tearfully share their devastation. Billy is hauled off to begin his sentence. In the next several years, Billy settles into life as a prisoner in this strange and horrible place. He begins a close relationship with Erich. Erich is gay and wishes to consummate the relationship but Billy refuses. Shortly after, Erich is released. Billy actually settles into some sense of normalcy engaging in long conversations with Max, smoking the cheap and awful drugs sold in the prison by chief snitch and prison trustee Rifki and counting the days until his release. Rifki is despised by all and routinely taunts the English speaking prisoners. Eighteen months before his release, Jimmy tries to get Max and Billy to go along with an escape plan. Billy refuses essentially putting his faith in the justice system due to release him in a year and a half. Jimmy tries on his own, is caught, and is severely beaten, nearly to death. In 1974, 53 days before his original term in prison is to expire, Billy\'s sentence is overturned by the Turkish High Court in Ankara after a prosecution appeal , and he is ordered to serve at least a 30-year life term for his crime. His stay becomes a living hell: terrifying scenes of physical and mental torture follow one another culminating in Billy having a breakdown and beating to near death his fellow prisoner Rifki, biting out Rifki\'s tongue in the process. Following this breakdown he is sent to the prison\'s ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners. He meets fellow prisoner Ahmet whilst participating in the regular inmate activity of walking in a circle around a pillar. Ahmet claims to be a philosopher from Oxford University and engages him in conversation to which Billy is unresponsive. In 1975, Billy\'s girlfriend, Susan, comes to see him and is devastated at what has happened to him. She tells him that he has to escape or else he will die in there and leaves him a scrapbook with money hidden inside as "a picture of your good friend Mr. Franklin from the bank," hoping Billy can use it to help him escape. Her visit moves Billy strongly, and he begins to regain some of his senses. He says goodbye to Max, telling him not to die and to wait for Billy to come back for him. He attempts to bribe the head guard to take him to the sanitarium where there are no guards. Instead the guard takes Billy past the sanitarium to another room and attempts to rape him. With a freak stroke of luck, Billy kills the brutish and sadistic guard by pushing him on to a coat hook. He seizes the opportunity to escape by putting on a guard\'s uniform and managing to walk out of the front door. In the epilogue it is explained that on the night of October 4, 1975 he successfully crossed the border to Greece, and arrived home three weeks later.'] ["The film is structured around lengthy flashbacks as the elderly Charlie Chaplin   recollects moments from his life during a conversation with fictional character George Hayden , the editor of his autobiography. Chaplin's recollections begin with his childhood of extreme poverty, from which he escapes by immersing himself in the world of the London music halls, after which he relocates to the United States. There are references to some of his many romantic episodes (including Hetty Kelly, Mildred Harris, Georgia Hale, Marion Davies, Edna Purviance, Lita Grey, Paulette Goddard, [[Joan Barry , his professional collaboration with Mack Sennett and friendship with Douglas Fairbanks."] ['1609: Shakespeare is struggling to complete his sonnets while plague rages. He sees the body of a young child and remembers the moment in 1596 when he learned of the illness of his son Hamnet while rehearsing a play in London. Returning to Stratford-upon-Avon he was subjected to abuse from his shrewish wife Anne for neglecting them by living in the capital. His son died, and an embarrassing argument between his father John and Anne disrupted the funeral. John later told him that the family was in financial difficulties. William agreed to pay off the debt, but to do so he had to return to London. 1597: Shakespeare receives a bag of money from Mary Sidney, Countess of Pembroke, for writing the procreation sonnets, to encourage her son, the young William Herbert to marry. He meets the young aristocrat and becomes strangely attracted to him. Herbert says that he will meet Shakespeare again when he comes to London. Disturbed by his attraction to the youth, Shakespeare gets drunk in a brothel run by his friend George Wilkins. Wilkins tempts him with a new dusky-skinned "half caste" called Lucie, just come from France. Shakespeare has sex with her. At a performance of Hamlet, Herbert and his young friends meet up with Shakespeare. They are keen to experience the seedy side of London life, so Shakespeare takes them to Wilkins\' brothel. There they enjoy the pleasures on offer but Herbert is shocked to see Wilkins help some men to beat up one of the girls. Shakespeare tells him to ignore it and that the girl is being punished for giving a client syphilis. Shakespeare becomes increasingly close to Herbert and entranced by him, but discovers that his rival Ben Jonson is now one of Herbert\'s cronies. He also becomes more deeply involved with Lucie. Lucie tells him that she is leaving Wilkins. She now has her own place paid for by another client. She tells him that she likes him best. Later, he visits Herbert\'s house, but is brushed off by a servant. He realises that Herbert is avoiding him. He follows him and discovers that Lucie has become Herbert\'s mistress, and that he pays for her lodging. Embittered, he writes Measure for Measure. He meets Herbert again at a performance of the play. He learns that Lucie has gone back to France. The two part awkwardly. A new outbreak of plague leads to the closure of the theatres. Shakespeare, Richard Burbage and William Kempe discuss the options for their acting troupe. However, Shakespeare starts to notice worrying signs of illness on his body. He returns to Stratford to get a diagnosis from John Hall and is told that he does not have the plague, but he does have syphilis. He writes up his sonnets for publication.'] ['Lou Gehrig  is a young Columbia University student whose old-fashioned mother  wants him to study hard and become an engineer. But the young man has a gift for baseball. A sportswriter  befriends Gehrig and persuades a scout to come see him play. Before long Gehrig signs with the team he has always revered, the Yankees. With the help of his father , he endeavors to keep his career change a secret from his mother. Gehrig works his way up through the minor leagues and finally joins the Yankees. His hero, Babe Ruth, is at first condescending and dismissive of the rookie; but his strong, consistent play wins over Ruth and the rest of the team, and before long Gehrig is joining his teammates in playing pranks on Ruth on the team train. During a game Gehrig trips over a stack of bats and is teased by a spectator, Eleanor , who laughingly calls him "tanglefoot". Their relationship grows, and soon Lou pops the question. Gehrig\'s mother, who still hasn\'t accepted the fact that her son will not be an engineer, does not take the news of his pending marriage well; but Lou finally stands up to her and marries Eleanor. The Yankees become the most dominant team in baseball, and Gehrig becomes a fan favorite. His father and fully converted mother attend games and cheer for him. In a re-creation of a famous  story, Gehrig visits a crippled boy named Billy  in a hospital. He promises to hit two home runs in a single World Series game in the boy\'s honor—then fulfills his promise. Gehrig is now the "Iron Horse", a national hero at the peak of his career with multitudes of fans, many loyal friends, and an adoring wife; but then he notices, with growing alarm, that his strength is gradually ebbing away. Though he continues to play, and extends his consecutive-game streak to a seemingly insurmountable record, his physical condition continues its inexorable decline. One day, in Detroit, he tells Yankees manager Joe McCarthy ([[Harry Harvey  that he has become a detriment to the team and benches himself. After an examination, a doctor gives him the awful news: Gehrig has a rare, incurable disease, and only a short time to live. A year later, at Lou Gehrig Day at Yankee Stadium, an older Billy  finds Gehrig and shows him that he has made a full recovery, inspired by his hero\'s example and the two-homer fulfilled promise. Then, as Eleanor weeps softly in the stands, Gehrig addresses the fans: "People all say that I\'ve had a bad break," he says. "But today ... today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth."'] ['Simon Jackson is an awkward high school teenager who befriends a white bear that saves his life. He learns that the bear is endangered by the destruction of its habitat from logging and grows out of his shell to launch a campaign to the government to protect the bear. He then learns about the hardships of a campaign but succeeds with the help of his friend, Lloyd Blackbird, and his supporters.'] ["Vaudeville entertainer Eddie Foy, who has vowed to forever keep his act a solo, falls in love with and marries Italian ballerina Madeleine. While they continue to tour the circuit, they begin a family and before long have seven little Foys to clutter the wings. After the tragedy of the Iroquois Theater Fire threatened to stall Eddie's career, he comes to realize that his little terrors are worth their weight in gold. The second eldest Foy, Charley, narrates periodically throughout the film."] ['A few months before the D-Day landings during World War II, the British government decides to launch a campaign of disinformation; spreading a rumour that the landings just might take place at a location other than Normandy. The details of the operation  are handed to two intelligence officers, Colonel Logan  and Major Harvey . They are initially unable to devise such a plan - but one night, Harvey sees an actor at a London theatre, who looks just like General Bernard Montgomery. Logan and Harvey discover that the actor is M. E. Clifton James , a lieutenant stationed in Leicester with the Royal Army Pay Corps and that he was a professional actor in peacetime. He is called to London, on the pretext that he is to make a test for an army film, and a plan is devised that he should tour North Africa, impersonating "Monty". "Jimmy" as Harvey calls him, is doubtful that he can carry off an impersonation of Montgomery, especially with his air of command, but with time running short and no options open to him, he agrees. Disguised as a corporal, he spends some days at Montgomery\'s headquarters and learns to copy the general\'s mannerisms and style. After an interview with the general himself, he is sent off to tour North Africa. Accompanied by Harvey, who has been "promoted" to brigadier for his cover as Montgomery\'s aide-de-camp, "Jimmy" arrives at Gibraltar, where the governor, who has known the general for years, can\'t get over the likeness. To further foster the deception, a local businessman and known German agent, Karl Nielson , is invited to dinner; knowing that he will spread the information. This happens quickly and their aeroplane is  attacked on leaving Gibraltar. James and Harvey tour several places in North Africa and visit the troops. With only a few days to go before the landings, it is learned that the Germans have indeed been fooled and have transferred large numbers of troops away from Normandy. His job done, James is put into "cold storage" at a heavily guarded villa on the coast. But the Germans have been fooled more than Harvey realises. A team of German commandos are landed by submarine to kidnap "Monty". They kill his guards and are ready to embark with James, but Harvey gets wind of the kidnap and foils it at the last moment. They return quietly to London.'] ['The movie relates the story of Ida Dalser, who fell in love with the future Italian Fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, supported him while he was unemployed in the early 1910s, and married him, presumably around 1914. She bore Mussolini a son, Benito Albino, before the outbreak of World War I. The two lost touch during the war years and, upon discovering him again in a hospital during the war, she also discovered Rachele Guidi, who had married Mussolini in 1915, and a daughter born in 1910 when Guidi and Mussolini were living together. Historically, following his political ascendency, Mussolini suppressed the information about his first marriage and he  persecuted both his first wife and oldest son and committed them forcibly to asylums. Dalser died in an asylum in Venice in 1937 at the age of 57 of brain haemorrhages and Benito Albino died in 1942 at the age of 26 in an asylum near Milan after repeated coma-inducing injections.{{Cite news}}'] ['As he is arrested by the Coast Guard on an island in New England, a man born as Ferdinand Waldo Demara but known by many other identities recalls the events that brought him to this point. Demara quit high school as a boy and joined the Army. He wanted to become an officer, but his lack of education worked against it. On a whim, he fakes a set of credentials and becomes a U.S. Marine. When his lie is detected, Demara, facing jail, fakes a suicide and hides out as a Trappist monk. After a while, he is expelled from the monastery, captured and imprisoned in a military brig. But the warden inadvertently confides too many details of his own life to Demara, taking a liking to him. Upon his release, Demara impersonates the warden and lands a job working in a Texas penitentiary, where he takes up with his new warden\'s daughter, Eulalie. Blackmailed by an inmate who recognizes him from the military jail, Demara once again flees. He joins the Royal Canadian Navy, using the forged credentials of a doctor. After falling in love with a RCN Nursing Sister, Catherine Lacey, he goes to Korea to serve aboard HMCS Cayuga. He ends up doing dental work on the ship\'s captain, then performing operations in a Korean hospital. Hailed as a "miracle doctor," Demara gains publicity that exposes his past. The Navy finds out who he really is and intends to hold a court-martial. Nurse Lacey and others vow to testify on Demara\'s behalf, having seen his good side. Worried about possible disrepute to the RCN, and his stellar service, he is allowed to leave under a general discharge. He then goes and becomes a teacher in New England. The FBI eventually comes up with an agent whose assignment is to track down the great impostor and capture him. In the end, the agent is revealed to be Demara himself.'] ['In 1961, a young Abraham Quintanilla and his band "The Dinos" are rejected by a white restaurant owner for an audition due to their "Whites Only" policy. They then perform to a Mexican audience at a nightclub called "Lerma\'s", but a riot ensues when they sing "We Belong Together" and the band is forced to flee. In 1981, Abraham is married to Marcela Samora and now has three kids. When his daughter Selena  sings with him while he is playing the guitar one day, he is amazed by her singing voice and decides to manage a band called "Selena y los Dinos" with Selena as the lead singer, and his son A.B.  on bass, and his other daughter Suzette  on drums. He soon opens a restaurant for people to eat at and there Selena sings in front of the customers, and is warmly received. Unfortunately, the Quintanilla family goes bankrupt and loses the restaurant. They move to Corpus Christi, Texas to live with Abraham\'s brother. There, Selena performs at a carnival and is poorly received, but one day, while the family is on the beach Marcela hears a song on the radio and teaches Selena about a rhythm called Cumbia, which helps her and her band become more popular. In 1989, Selena  surprises her father when she wears and creates her first bustier. He gets upset, but Selena convinces him that "it\'s a cool thing." Selena meets a guitarist, Chris Perez, who after joining the band, develops a friendship with Selena. Abraham does not approve of Chris after his former rock band members trash a hotel suite even though he greatly helped in making music for the band. While Selena performs in Monterrey, Mexico, the crowd gets wild. Selena calms them down by singing her hit "Como La Flor". Chris and Selena\'s friendships grows into love and when Abraham catches them hugging on their tour bus, Big Bertha, he fires Chris from the band and threatens a heartbroken Selena that if she continues seeing him, he will disband the Dinos. Selena and Chris continue seeing each other behind Abraham\'s back, but soon Selena becomes tired and tells Chris that she wants to marry him right away. In 1992 Selena and Chris elope secretly, but their marriage soon makes headlines on the radio. Selena goes to see Abraham, but he tells her that he is glad she did what she did, only wanting what was best for her ; also on the verge of tears herself, Selena comforts him. Chris is accepted into the Quintanilla family and returns to being the guitarist for Los Dinos. During one of Selena\'s live performances, Jose Behar  and his music associates tell Abraham that they want to make an English language album for Selena. In 1994, Selena opens her first boutique called "Selena Etc.", which her fan-club president Yolanda Saldivar manages, and her album Selena Live! wins a Grammy Award for Best Mexican-American album. As 1995 begins, she starts recording her crossover album, and Saldivar gives her a friendship ring, lying that it was only from her when it was really a gift from Selena\'s staff and Saldivar. Later, Selena finds out from Abraham that Yolanda was stealing money from the fan club and a lot of business records have gone missing. On March 9, Abraham, Selena, and Suzette confront Yolanda about the evidence, but she denies taking anything from Selena at all. Selena continues to achieve fame and her concert at the Houston Astrodome on February 26 attracts a record breaking crowd of 65,000. However, just one month later, on March 31, she was murdered by Yolanda Saldivar. Saldivar is arrested after a brief standoff while Selena\'s fans, friends, and family are left grieving over her death. The film ends with footage of the real Selena while the song "Dreaming of You" plays.'] ['José, a middle age magician,is an elegant discreet homosexual who lives alone and has an occasional affair with Miguel, a young politician who finds it more convenient in Madrid\'s high society to marry than asserts his homosexuality. José is a man romantically possessed and obsessed by his childhood in Granada during the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in the spring of 1936. Now in his fifties, José returns to Granada and relives his childhood there. A time when he fell in love with Garcia Lorca and had a youthful affair with one of Lorca\'s own lovers. Memories come flooding back to the mature José, of youthful sexual conquest, of Lorca\'s murder at the hands of Franco\'s agents, and his own early homosexual affairs. José\'s entire life is colored by his obsessions with Garcia Lorca, his unknown God, to whom the film is dedicated. José travels twice to Granada. First, he revisits a woman who is also obsessed with Garcia Lorca\'s memory, and steals a photograph of the boy with whom he had his first sexual encounter; later, José returns to Madrid, to a party in search of his youth, and meets a pianist with whom he had sexual relations many years before but now does not remember. When José returns to Madrid, he is a man tormented by his past, and in search of peace. Listening to a taped recording of Garcia Lorca\'s famous "Ode to Walt Whitman", he desires nothing more than to face the rest of his life in loneliness, although his recent lover, Miguel has returned to his bed and wants to continue their affair. José realizes that he is really all alone in their world, alone with his God.'] ['The core narrative of the film portrays the last months in the life of Serge Alexandre , from late 1933 to January 1934. We see glimpses of his operations as a "financial consultant", setting up a mysterious company to deal in international bonds, his \'laundering\' of stolen jewellery, and his juggling of funds to stave off the discovery of fraudulent bonds that he has sold through the Crédit Municipal in Bayonne ; we see his activity as a theatre impresario in Paris, his casino gambling, his purchase of influence among the press, the police, and politicians, and always his extravagant lifestyle and desire to impress; we see his devotion to his glamorous wife Arlette, his exploitation of her beauty to lure funds from a Spanish revolutionary fascist, his contradictory accounts to his friends of events in his own past, and gleams of political idealism - which may yet be just expedients to create further webs of deception. Interposed in the narrative are moments of flashback  and flash-forwards . Also punctuating the main story are scenes depicting the arrival of Trotsky in France to seek political asylum, and his sojourn in various country houses and hotels, receiving visits from left-wing activists. These scenes appear to have no link with the main narrative , until the end of the film when, in the wake of Stavisky\'s fall and exposure as a Ukrainian immigrant, a Jew, and a confidant of members of the left-of-centre government, Trotsky\'s presence is deemed undesirable and he is expelled from the country, while a new \'government of national unity\' is formed. The death of Alexandre/Stavisky in a chalet in Chamonix becomes a further mystery: either a suicide by gunshot, like that of his father, or an assassination by the security forces to ensure his silence.'] ["An ambitious, historic attempt to explore and document an untamed American frontier unfolds in this rousing adventure drama. In 1803, Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, with President Thomas Jefferson's blessing, embarked on the government-sponsored Lewis & Clark Expedition – an attempt to discover a water route connecting St. Louis, Missouri, with the Pacific Ocean. Their trek takes them through the magnificent, danger-filled territory of the Pacific Northwest, with guidance from the Shoshone maiden Sacagawea."] ["Burt Munro is a sort of folk hero in his hometown for his friendly and charming personality and for being featured in Popular Mechanics magazine  for having the fastest motorcycle in Australia and New Zealand. However, that recognition is contrasted by his exasperated neighbours, who are fed up with his un-neighbourly habits such as urinating on his lemon tree every morning, neglecting his garden, and, most of all, waking up before sunrise to rev his bike's very loud engine. Burt travels by cargo ship to the USA to participate in the Bonneville Speed Week, his longtime dream. When Burt arrives in Los Angeles, he experiences bureaucracy, skepticism and the coldness of big city people. It is his blunt but gregarious nature which overcomes each hurdle. He wins over the hardened motel clerk, a transvestite woman named Tina, who assists him in clearing customs and helps him in buying a car. The car salesman allows Burt to use his shop to make a trailer and later offers him a job after Burt fixes most of the cars on the lot. Burt declines the offer, however, and shortly afterwards begins his long trip to Utah. Along the way, Burt meets many people, including a Native American who aids him when his trailer fails, a woman named Ada who helps him repair his trailer and briefly becomes his lover, and an Air Force pilot who is on a leave from his military service in Vietnam. He finally arrives at the Bonneville Salt Flats, only to be turned away by race officials for not registering his bike for competition in advance. In a show of sportsmanship, however, various competitors in the Bonneville series intervene on his behalf, and he is eventually allowed to make a timed run. In the 8th mile, he achieves 201.851mph then falls with the bike and skids to a stop. His leg is burned by the exhaust, yet he succeeds in his quest and sets a new land speed record."] ['When lounge singer Dean Martin  and burlesque comic Jerry Lewis ([[Sean Hayes  clicked during an impromptu pairing in 1946, neither anticipated their unparalleled success as a team. Lewis was going nowhere fast with an act built around miming to records, while Martin was making a decent living as a crooner. Lewis had beseeched his agent to reteam him with the reluctant Martin; Lewis instigated their act and adopted the jaded pro as his unofficial big brother. Ever aloof, Martin is content to cash in on the bonanza and continue his sideline in womanizing. But as Lewis assumes more control, Martin’s mistress, Jeanne , nags him to take more credit. From bistros to radio to television, the seductive singer and the wacky stooge click with audiences. As the act takes Hollywood by storm in 1949, Lewis becomes paranoid about Martin’s popularity; psychosomatic stomach pains become his way of grabbing attention. Handsome and effortlessly charming, Martin successfully launches a solo acting career, in part to escape Lewis’s directorial aspirations and oppressive neediness. When Martin is called on the carpet by his wife, Betty , he walks out on his family; his frustration and resentment at being part of a two-headed showbiz monster only increases. Engineered by managers and agents, the last lap of the Martin-Lewis partnership is a cheerless financial arrangement, and though each triumphs after the official split in 1956, neither ever recaptures the elation of their early chemistry.'] ["Much of the film is without dialogue and the story is presented in flashbacks, nightmares, and fantasy sequences set to Tchaikovsky's music. As a child, the composer sees his mother die horribly, forcibly immersed in scalding water as a supposed cure for cholera, and is haunted by the scene throughout his musical career. Despite his difficulty in establishing his reputation, he attracts Madame Nadezhda von Meck as his patron. His marriage to the nymphomaniacal Antonina Miliukova is plagued by his homosexual urges and lustful desire for Count Anton Chiluvsky. The dynamics of his life lead to deteriorating mental health and the loss of von Meck's patronage, and he dies of cholera after deliberately drinking contaminated water."] ['Polish socialist and marxist Rosa Luxemburg dreams about revolution during the era of German wilhelminism. While Luxemburg campaigns relentlessly for her beliefs, getting repeatedly imprisoned in Germany as well as in Poland, lovers and comrades betray her until the ambitious leader is assassinated after World War I in 1919.'] ["Mary was a lonely and poor child, from a family of poor farm workers in Portland, Oregon. She was always in trouble with juvenile authorities partly because she hated to go to school. After a number of breaks from juvenile authorities, Mary's good luck ran out. She and another troubled male teen got caught while they were joy-riding with a stolen car that they crashed. That was enough for the Judge who had no choice but to incarcerate Mary. A social worker took an interest in Mary and realized that she struggled with dyslexia. She then helped Mary excel in studies. Mary gained confidence and began to fight back against her impediment, eventually going to college."] ["Raised in the Northeastern Pennsylvania mining town of Nanticoke, Pete Gray loses his right arm while still a young boy. But through the encouragement of his immigrant parents, Antoinette and Peter Wyshner, Sr., and the constant coaching of his older brother Whitey, Gray never gives up on his dream of playing professional baseball. Driven by anger, he finally makes it to the big leagues. But it isn't until he agrees to meet handicapped youngster Nelson Gary, Jr., who idolizes him, that Gray finally comes to terms with several life realizations."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ['The film, starring Emma Thompson in the title role, focuses on her unusual relationship with the author Lytton Strachey, played by Jonathan Pryce, as well as with other members of the Bloomsbury Group. The film is divided into 6 chapters.  # Lytton & Carrington 1915: During the Great War, Lytton Strachey is travelling to the country and staying at Vanessa Bell\'s house. There he meets Carrington for the first time but confuses her with a boy and does not hide his disappointment. Lytton is due to face a hearing with the military due to his open opposition to the war. While taking a hike through the countryside, he tries to kiss Carrington but she refuses him. Early in the morning, she walks into his bedroom with the intent of cutting his beard off, but stops at the last minute in contemplation of him sleeping and falls in love with him. # Gertler 1916–1918: Mark Gertler tries to have sex with Carrington, but she refuses, since she thinks that he is only interested in her sexually. Gertler turns to Lytton for aid in wooing her, while trying to help him she falls more deeply in love with him and although he does not fully requite her, he does have feelings for her. While on a trip to Wales he proposes that they live together, acting on this, Carrington searches for a house and finds and refurbishes Mill House in Tidmarsh. When Gertler finds out that Carrington and Lytton are moving in together he attacks the couple. # Partridge 1918–1921: Carrington later meets and falls in love with Ralph Partdrige, who has come back from the war. On their first dinner together, Ralph expresses his rather one-sided point of views which are contrary to Lytton\'s, nevertheless the rugged man appeals to him. Lytton goes on vacation to Italy, Ralph has made very clear his intent of marrying Carrington or leaving altogether to Bolivia to run a sheep farm. Knowing that if Ralph is no longer with him, Lytton will move out of Mill House, she marries Ralph and in their honeymoon they meet with Lytton in Venice. Ralph introduces his friend Gerald Brenan to Lytton and Carrington. Brenan is planning to leave for Spain in order to improve his education and takes a liking to Carrington, which is mutual. Lytton is successful in the publication of Eminent Victorians and manages to become a man of means. The war ends. # Brenan 1921–1923: Although he tries to be loyal to his friend Ralph, Gerald and Carrington carry on an affair and have to skulk about to avoid being caught. Gerald leaves for Spain insisting that Carrington run off with him. She refuses but they continue the relationship until they get caught by Ralph, Lytton manages to avoid the break-up and secretly aids the couple to continue their affair until it ends by itself. # Ham Spray House 1924–1931: Lytton buys Ham Spray and Carrington, he and Ralph move in. Ralph now is in a relationship with Frances Marshall and Lytton is in a relationship with Roger, a younger man from Oxford, while Carrington is carrying on an affair with Beacus, a strapping seaman who has little to say and keeps trying to change Carrington to fit his fantasies but later admits that he is not attracted to her sexually. Carrington becomes pregnant by Beacus but has an abortion. Lytton takes an apartment in London where he intends to live with Roger, but it becomes clear that the relationship shall not be long-lived. # Lytton 1931–1932: Roger and Lytton break up. During a tea party Lytton suddenly becomes ill; Carrington initially is optimistic but afterwards it becomes evident that he will not recover. Carrington tries to commit suicide by locking herself in the garage with the car motor running but is rescued by Ralph. When Lytton finally dies, surrounded by Ralph, Carrington and Gerald, he states "If this is dying, I do not think very much of it." Carrington is utterly depressed but manages to keep her spirits up and convinces Ralph that she needs to be alone, once they have left, she burns all of Lytton\'s personal possessions and takes a gun and finally manages to kill herself.'] ['In 1837, London novelist Benjamin Disraeli crashes his bicycle and is given a ride to a garden party by Mary Ann Wyndham-Lewis. She read his novels and says he should be in Parliament. Disraeli asks Mary Ann to help him, so she goes to the Conservative party leaders and gets their support for Disraeli.'] ["On his wedding night in 1953, an errant champagne cork renders college engineering professor Robert Kearns  almost completely blind in his left eye. A decade later, he is happily married to Phyllis  and the father of six children. As he drives his Ford Galaxie through a light rain, the constant movement of the windshield wipers irritates his troubled vision. The incident inspires him to create a wiper blade mechanism modeled on the human eye, which blinks every few seconds rather than continuously. With financial support from Gil Previck , Kearns converts his basement into a laboratory and develops a prototype he tests in a fish tank before installing it in his car. He patents his invention and demonstrates it for Ford researchers, who had been working on a similar project without success. Kearns refuses to explain how his mechanism works until he hammers out a favorable deal with the corporation. Impressed with Kearns' results, executive Macklin Tyler  asks him to prepare a business plan detailing the cost of the individual units, which Robert intends to manufacture himself. Considering this to be sufficient commitment from the company, he rents a warehouse he plans to use as a factory and forges ahead. He presents Ford with the pricing information it requested along with a sample unit, then waits for their response. Time passes, and when nobody contacts Robert, he begins placing phone calls that are never returned. Frustrated, Kearns attends a Ford dealers convention at which the latest model of the Mustang is unveiled, promoting the intermittent wiper as a selling point. Realizing the company has used his idea without giving him credit or payment for it, Robert begins his descent into a despair so deep he boards a Greyhound bus and heads for Washington, D.C., where he apparently hopes to find legal recourse. Instead, Maryland state troopers remove him from the bus and escort him to a mental hospital, where he is treated for a nervous breakdown. Finally released when doctors decide his obsession has subsided, he returns home a broken man, determined to receive public acknowledgement for his accomplishment. Thus begins years of legal battles, during which time his wife leaves him and he becomes estranged from his children. At trial, Kearns represents himself after attorney Gregory Lawson  withdraws from the case, because Robert refuses to settle. Eventually his ex-wife and offspring support him in his endeavor. Toward the end of the trial, Ford offers Kearns a $30 million settlement, but with no admission of wrongdoing. He decides to leave his fate in the hands of the jury, who determine that Ford infringed his patents, but that the infringement was not deliberate. The jury awards him $10.1 million. The closing credits indicate that Robert later wins an $18.7 million judgement from Chrysler Corporation as well."] ["It is 1924 and the height of Prohibition. Oklahoma is still a wild and lawless haven for all manner of criminals, and even the men who are sworn to uphold the law are themselves corrupt and part of the new crime syndicates looking to expand into the new markets and towns. One of these men is Wiley Lynn , an unscrupulous federal agent who hides behind the power his badge gives him and ruthlessly deals with anyone who stands in his way, even his own wife. His drinking and drug addiction further feed his increasingly violent and erratic behavior. Bill Tilghman  is a legendary lawman who is as famous for his shooting and exploits with one-time partner Wyatt Earp as he is for his virtue and honesty. Now retired from law enforcement to a more normal home life in Chandler, Oklahoma with his wife Zoe and their two young sons, he turns to directing and starring in a movie about his Wild West exploits. Concerned about audiences' growing appetite for movies that romanticize and exaggerate the past, he is especially intent on producing a movie that deglamorizes and more accurately portrays the lives of outlaws. Fed up with the growing and indiscriminate violence and chaos in their town, the people of Cromwell reluctantly turn to Tilghman to help restore order and kick out the criminal element. Although he is faced with several corrupt business owners who frequently attempt to thwart his efforts, Tilghman quickly wins over the more intimidated or skeptical townsfolk with his honesty, wit and fair dealing. They gradually become more assertive and willing to take a more active role in directly dealing with the gamblers, swindlers, murderers, and prostitutes. Before long, Cromwell becomes a quiet and genteel town. The new order does not sit well with Lynn, who dismisses Tilghman as a relic whose time has long passed. Having previously murdered three other men in cold blood, Lynn sets his sights on Tilghman."] ['After a brief flash-forward to Frank Sinatra as an old man, saying "I miss my guys," the movie\'s main narrative begins during high points in the solo careers of the Rat Pack: Dean Martin has become a big success despite the breakup of his partnership with Jerry Lewis; Sinatra\'s career is at its peak; Sammy Davis, Jr., is making a comeback after a near fatal car crash, and standup comic Joey Bishop is gaining exposure as an opening act for the other three. The Pack becomes complete when Sinatra reconciles with actor Peter Lawford, who has been ostracized since being seen out publicly with Sinatra\'s ex-wife, Ava Gardner. Lawford has married Patricia Kennedy. Abandoning a notion to seduce Pat for his own amusement, Sinatra becomes more interested in her brother John\'s political ambitions. He sincerely believes Jack Kennedy would be a great president, but he also feels having a friend in the White House could benefit his own public image. Sinatra arranges for the entire Pack to perform at a JFK campaign fund-raiser. Sinatra also knows Kennedy\'s infatuation with the opposite sex and introduces him to Marilyn Monroe, who begins seeing Kennedy behind the back of her husband, baseball star Joe DiMaggio. Kennedy\'s pompous father, Joseph P. Kennedy, feels Sinatra\'s mob ties might hurt Jack\'s chances of defeating Richard Nixon in the election of 1960. He insists that Sinatra help the campaign from behind the scenes only; hypocritically, he also asks Sinatra to use those same mob ties to swing the West Virginia unions\' support Kennedy\'s way. Meanwhile, the Rat Pack continues to enjoy success in Hollywood and Las Vegas, often combining their stage acts for joint performances. They even parlay their friendship into a movie collaboration, Ocean\'s Eleven, working and playing together at the same time, enjoying wine, women and song. Davis is sometimes secretly hurt by the racist jokes of their stage act, especially after his girlfriend, actress May Britt, insinuates that the rest of the Pack is laughing at him, not with him. Davis has a more serious brush with racism when he and Britt announce their engagement, which results in a mixed-marriage protest in front of Davis\'s hotel. Davis day-dreams about scaring the protesters away with a song and dance routine in which he wields a gun. But he concedes the possible political repercussions of an interracial marriage. He postpones the wedding to avoid hurting Sinatra, who had agreed to serve as best man. In the White House, President Kennedy seeks to renew his friendship with Sinatra. The two go sailing and plan for Kennedy to stay at Sinatra\'s Palm Springs residence during an upcoming West Coast presidential trip. Thrilled by the idea, Sinatra returns home and arranges for a guest compound to be built for Kennedy and his entourage. However, the FBI finds a potential mafia link to the White House through a woman, Judy Campbell, who shared phone calls, and possibly affairs, with both Kennedy and mob boss Sam "Momo" Giancana after being introduced by Sinatra to each. Kennedy\'s brother, attorney general Bobby Kennedy, insists that the President cancel his stay at Sinatra\'s house and cut off all ties to the entertainer. This enrages Sinatra, who had sunk a lot of money and time into the renovation and had been at least partially responsible for Kennedy\'s being elected president. Sinatra takes out his wrath on Peter Lawford, who as Kennedy\'s brother-in-law was Sinatra\'s direct link to the White House. Lawford finds himself repeatedly serving as a messenger between Sinatra and the Kennedys, including JFK\'s secret dalliances with Monroe, and he is sick of it. Lawford dreads delivering the news of Kennedy\'s decision to cancel his visit to Sinatra\'s house and stay instead with Bing Crosby, a Republican. A furious Sinatra physically throws Lawford out of his home and vows never to forgive him. The movie depicts this incident as the beginning of the end of the Rat Pack\'s influence in both politics and entertainment.'] ['The film begins with Bronson introducing himself to the camera, stating he always wanted to be famous. He cannot sing, he cannot act, and so he shows the calling he found: the film cuts to a naked Bronson fighting several prison guards in a cage. The film then presents several assorted points from his life, intercut with Bronson on stage before an audience in several stages of performance make-up, and speaking directly to camera while seemingly behind bars. Michael Peterson is shown as a baby, and then as a young boy involved in fights with pupils and a teacher at school using a desk as a weapon. He had his first job at a chip shop, where he committed his first crime, stealing money from the cash register and giving some of the money and a kiss to a young woman who was working there. He then goes on to marry the woman, Irene, and has a baby with her. Peterson goes to jail after robbing a post office and getting away with a small amount of cash. Peterson thrives in prison, comparing it to a hotel room, and every night he displays violent behaviour towards the guards, which causes the other inmates to treat him like a star. The authorities send him to a series of different prisons in hope that one of them will be able to handle him, but nothing seems to help. Eventually he is sent to Rampton Secure Hospital, where he is injected with high doses of sedative drugs every time he tries to start a fight. A man approaches Peterson while he is being subdued with drugs and seems to be sympathetic to Peterson. This soon changes as the man, John White, reveals that he is a paedophile and suggests that he and Peterson should rape a nine-year-old girl. The furious Peterson expresses aggressive hate towards the man, but is unable to do anything against him. In an attempt to prove his sanity and be sent back to prison he finally tries to strangle the paedophile after pretending to be calm for several days. Because of this he is sent to the high-security psychiatric hospital, Broadmoor, where he starts a large-scale riot. News footage from the actual event shows Peterson up on the roof, thus being branded "Her Majesty\'s most expensive prisoner". He is then certified sane and therefore released into the general population. While on parole and living with his uncle in Luton, he becomes involved in bareknuckle boxing and human baiting and changes his name to Charles "Charlie" Bronson, after the famous actor. This career ends quickly after he falls in love with a woman, steals an engagement ring, proposes to her and is arrested for robbery. He was out of prison for only 69 days. Back in prison, he is once again involved in several fights with guards, thus extending his sentence. The character of his violent outbursts starts to become more sophisticated. At one event he holds a prison officer hostage before stripping naked and greasing himself up to fight riot officers. The governor tells him: "If you continue this, you will die here." He becomes interested in art, which the prison officials think is a good way to develop his interacting skills with other human beings. Eventually this project gets out of hand when Bronson holds his art teacher hostage, ties him to a pole, puts an apple in his mouth, and paints the hostage\'s face. The film closes by telling us that Charles Bronson has not been granted a release date, and he is seen badly beaten, his chin torn, groaning, in what is effectively a cage coffin in the centre of a large, dark room.'] ['Tired of being rejected by the beautiful women he lusts after, Chuck Barris  moves to Manhattan to become an NBC page with dreams of becoming famous in television, but is eventually fired. He moves back to Philadelphia and becomes Dick Clark\'s personal assistant on American Bandstand in 1961. There, he writes the successful "Palisades Park" song and falls in love with a woman named Penny Pacino . Chuck is given permission to pitch the concept for The Dating Game at the American Broadcasting Company ; he receives $7,500 to create a television pilot for the studio. However, ABC abandons The Dating Game in favor of Hootenanny. One night after Barris is kicked out of a bar for fighting, he is approached by CIA agent Jim Byrd , who recruits him as an assassin. Returning from a mission in Mexico, Barris finds that Penny has become a hippie. Meanwhile, ABC decides to greenlight The Dating Game, and by 1967 the TV show is a phenomenon. Barris takes another mission for the CIA in Helsinki, Finland, where he meets gorgeous operative Patricia Watson . He finds more success back home when The Newlywed Game goes on air. He and Penny decide to move to Los Angeles into a house, but Barris is cautious of marriage, much to Penny\'s dismay. The journey in Barris\' life is tied in to the story of Thomas Carlyle\'s main character in Sartor Resartus, Teufelsdröckh, and this parallel is referred to throughout the film. In 1970, Byrd convinces Barris to go on another mission in West Berlin to assassinate communist Hans Colbert. There, Barris is introduced to German-American agent Keeler  and is held captive by the KGB for some weeks. In 1976 Los Angeles, Barris creates The Gong Show and becomes even more famous as its host; he is also criticized for lowering the general quality of television. Meanwhile, Keeler is murdered and Byrd warns Chuck of a mole in the agency. His TV shows are canceled due to poor ratings, and Penny threatens to leave him after catching him cheating on her. One night, Barris finds Byrd sitting atop the diving board of his backyard pool. Byrd reveals to Barris why he "fit the profile" of a CIA assassin, and mysteriously dies. Faced with the unpleasant truth about himself, Barris begins to spiral out of control. After almost having a nervous breakdown on his own show, Barris shuts himself away in a New York City hotel. Penny manages to find him there, and tries in vain to convince him to return to California to get married. Barris finally leaves his room and confronts Patricia in Boston. There, he finds that she is the mole Byrd warned him about. Barris kills Patricia and begins to write his autobiography, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. He finally decides to marry Penny. After the ceremony, he confesses to her his double life as a CIA agent and assassin, but she merely laughs, assuming he is joking, and he decides not to correct her. In 2002, he prepares for an interview for the film adaptation of his autobiography.'] ['The film begins as Alice Paul  and Lucy Burns  return from England, where they participated in the women\'s suffrage movement. Once the pair becomes more active within the National American Woman Suffrage Association , they begin to understand that their ideas were much too forceful for the established activists, particularly Carrie Chapman Catt . The pair leave NAWSA and found the National Women\'s Party , a better way to fight for women\'s rights. Over time, problems occur as NAWSA leaders criticize NWP tactics, such as protesting against a wartime President Woodrow Wilson and picketing outside the White House with "Silent Sentinels." Male supremacists famously  label the women "iron-jawed angels." Relations between the American government and the NWP protesters also intensify, as many women are arrested for their actions, though the official charge is "obstructing traffic." The women are sent to the Occoquan Workhouse for 60-day terms where they suffer under unsanitary and inhumane conditions. During this time, Paul and other women undertake a hunger strike, during which paid guards force-feed them milk and raw eggs. News of their treatment leaks to the media through the husband of one of the imprisoned women, a U.S. Senator, who has been able to lobby for a visit  by putting a letter in his shirt. Pressure is put on President Wilson as the NAWSA seizes the opportunity to try for the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution. Paul, Burns and all of the other women were all pardoned by President Wilson.'] ["Kansas farmer Yates Martin  uproots his uncomplaining wife Sarah  and baby son to 1876 Colorado in search of gold. He buys a claim, then immediately abandons it when two prospectors tell him of a strike in Leadville. Taking Sarah's prudent advice, he sets up a store there. To her dismay, however, he stakes miners in return for partnerships in their diggings. Just as the Martins run out of money and decide to return to Kansas, prospectors Rische and Hook show up with the news that they have struck it rich, not with gold but with silver, and Yates has a third share of it. Yates spends his new-found riches with great abandon, purchasing, among other things, a claim from a seemingly downtrodden miner for $50,000, over his suspicious wife's objections. He is asked to run for Lieutenant Governor of Colorado. When his foreman informs him that the claim he bought is worthless, Yates tells him to keep on digging, at least until the election is over, so that he will not look like a fool. As it turns out, not only does he win the election, the claim yields a lode even richer than his first. Yates decides to build Denver an opulent opera house. As he is inspecting its construction, he meets the alluring Lily Owens , who becomes his mistress. At the grand opening of the opera house, Yates' guest of honor is none other than General Ulysses S. Grant. Yates sets his sights higher, using his money to take the vacated seat of a U.S. senator. He divorces a heartbroken Sarah and marries Lily in Washington, DC, with the president as a wedding guest. However, when the president decides to put the country on the gold standard, the price of silver plummets, and Yates loses everything except the Matchless mine, which is not worth working at the current price. He declines Sarah's offer of money. A friend obtains the post of postmaster of Denver for him, but Yates collapses and dies penniless."] ['{{quote}} In 1952, a semester before Ernesto "Fuser" Guevara is due to complete his medical degree, he and his older friend Alberto Granado, a biochemist, leave Buenos Aires in order to travel across South America. While there is a goal at the end of their journey - they intend to work in a leper colony in Peru - the main purpose is initially fun and adventure. They desire to see as much of Latin America as they can, more than 5,000 miles  in just four and a half months, while Granado\'s purpose is also to court as many women as will fall for his pick-up lines. Their initial method of transport is Granado\'s dilapidated Norton 500 motorcycle christened La Poderosa .  Their planned route is ambitious, bringing them north across the Andes, along the coast of Chile, through the Atacama Desert and into the Peruvian Amazon in order to reach Venezuela just in time for Granado\'s 30th birthday on April 2. However, due to La Poderosa\'s breakdown, they are forced to travel at a much slower pace, and don\'t make it to Caracas until July. During their expedition, Guevara and Granado encounter the poverty of the indigenous peasants, and the movie assumes a greater seriousness once the men gain a better sense of the disparity between the "haves"  and the "have-nots" . In Chile for instance, they encounter a penniless and persecuted couple forced onto the road because of their communist beliefs. In a fire-lit scene, Guevara and Granado ashamedly admit to the couple that they are not out looking for work as well. The duo then accompanies the couple to the Chuquicamata copper mine, where Guevara becomes angry at the treatment of the workers. Later, there is also an instance of recognition when Guevara, atop a luxurious river ship, looks down at the poor dark-skinned peasants on the small wooden rickety boat hitched behind.  However, it is a visit to the ancient Incan ruins of Machu Picchu in Peru that solidifies something in Guevara. His musings are then somberly refocused to how an indigenous civilization capable of building such beauty could be destroyed by the creators of the eventual polluted urban decay of nearby Lima.<ref name aO4G2cRvUjQ&vq "Every generation needs a journey story; every generation needs a story about what it is to be transformed by geography, what it is to be transformed by encounters with cultures and people that are alien from yourself, and you know that age group 15 to 25, that’s the perfect generation to get on a motorcycle, to hit the road, to put on your backpack and just go out."| source 4058889 Thirty Years After His Death, Che Guevara Still an Icon] by NPR Weekend Edition Sunday, October 3, 2004 | width  left }} At the end of the film, after his sojourn at the leper colony, Guevara confirms his nascent egalitarian, anti-authority impulses, while making a birthday toast, which is also his first political speech. In it he evokes a pan-Latin American identity that transcends both the arbitrary boundaries of nation and race. These encounters with social injustice transform the way Guevara sees the world, and by implication motivates his later political activities as a Marxist revolutionary. Lastly, Guevara makes his symbolic "final journey" at night when, despite his asthma, he swims across the river that separates the two societies of the leper colony, to spend the night in a leper shack, instead of in the doctors cabins. As they bid each other farewell, Granado reveals that his birthday was not in fact April 2, but rather August 8, and that the aforementioned goal was simply a motivator: Guevara replies that he knew all along. The film is closed with an appearance by the real 82-year-old Alberto Granado, along with pictures from the actual journey and a brief mention of Che Guevara\'s eventual 1967 CIA-assisted execution in the Bolivian jungle.'] ["During a tennis match in Paris between Ferdinand de Lesseps  and his friend Vicomte Rene de Latour , the enthusiastic admiration of Countess Eugenie de Montijo  for de Lesseps attracts the attention of Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte ([[Leon Ames . Bonaparte sees to it that both she and de Lesseps are invited to his reception. At the party, a fortuneteller predicts that Eugenie will have a troubled life, but also wear a crown, and that de Lesseps will dig a ditch. Entranced by Eugenie's beauty, Bonaparte arranges for his romantic rival to be assigned to a diplomatic post in Egypt, joining his father, Count Mathieu de Lesseps , the Consul-General. De Lesseps impulsively asks Eugenie to marry him immediately, but she turns him down. In Egypt, de Lesseps befriends two people who will have a great influence on his life: Toni Pellerin ([[Annabella , a tomboy being raised by her grandfather, French Sergeant Pellerin ; and Prince Said , the indolent heir of his father, Mohammed Ali , the Viceroy  of Egypt. Toni makes it clear that she has fallen in love with him, but de Lesseps still pines for Eugenie. Count de Lesseps leaves for France, leaving his son to take his place. One day, after a brief rainstorm in the desert, de Lesseps sees the water draining into the sea and comes up with the idea for the Suez Canal. He departs for Paris to raise the necessary funding; Toni goes along as well. He presents his proposal to Bonaparte, but is rejected. He is also disheartened to learn that Eugenie is now very close to Bonaparte. France is on the verge of civil war between Bonaparte and the French Assembly, led by Count de Lesseps and others. Eugenie persuades Ferdinand de Lesseps to pass along Bonaparte's proposal asking the Assembly to disband, giving Bonaparte's promise to reconvene it once the civil unrest has been defused. Despite their misgivings, the members of the Assembly agree, only to be betrayed and arrested. Bonaparte assumes the throne of the revived French Empire, just as Count de Lesseps had feared. The news causes the count to suffer a fatal stroke. Ferdinand de Lesseps is outraged, but Toni persuades him to do nothing. In return for de Lesseps' help, Bonaparte , withdraws his objections to the canal, and construction commences under de Lesseps' direction. The building of the canal progresses despite Turkish sabotage. However, Napoleon unexpectedly withdraws his support out of political necessity; he needs to appease Great Britain, and the British Prime Minister  is firmly opposed to the project. Prince Said bankrupts himself to keep the venture going, but it is not enough. De Lesseps goes to England to plead his case. The Prime Minister is unmoved, but the leader of the opposition, Benjamin Disraeli , is enthusiastic about the project. Disraeli tells him to return to Egypt and pray that Disraeli wins the upcoming general election. He does, and funding is assured. As the canal nears completion, an enormous sandstorm threatens everything. When de Lesseps is knocked unconscious by flying debris, Toni rescues him by tying him to a wooden post, but is herself swept away and killed. De Lesseps finishes the canal and is honored by Eugenie, now Empress of France after her marriage to Napoleon III."] ["Lothar Schramm is a polite, neighbourly cab driver who makes an honest living and invites callers in for cognac. Later on, he might slit their throats and assemble their bodies in suggestive poses. He lives next door to a young, beautiful prostitute named Marianne, whom he is smitten with. Schramm is lonely. His sex life is seriously deranged and his social life is nonexistent. He makes love to inflatable plastic dolls, fantasizes about vaginas with teeth, nails his foreskin to tables and dreams of a visit to the dentist who extracts him an eyeball. He has constant flashbacks and paranoid delusions of his knee getting amputated. He whitewashes bloodstains off the walls of his flat. When Marianne is invited by some affluent gentlemen clients to a villa outside of town, she asks Schramm to chauffeur her so she'll be safe. He accepts and he invites her to a friendly dinner, ignoring his desire for her. He takes her back to his flat, where he drugs her and strips her. He snaps photos and masturbates spitefully over her naked body. The next day Marianne rings at his door for a lift, but Schramm does not answer. He has fallen from a ladder while painting over the blood on his walls. His head has cracked on the floor. The next thing we see is Marianne in the villa outside of town, attired like a Hitler youth, bound and gagged on a chair, helpless victim to her eccentric clients. Papers declare the 'Lonesome Death of Lipstick Killer.'"] ['The film is set in Beijing during the Cultural Revolution. It is told from the perspective of Ma Xiaojun nicknamed Monkey (played by [[Xia Yu , who is a teenage boy at the time. Monkey and his friends are free to roam the streets of Beijing day and night because the Cultural Revolution has caused their parents and most adults to be either busy or away. Most of the story happens during one summer, so the main characters are even more free because there is no school, and revolves around Monkey\'s dalliances with his roguish male friends and his subsequent angst-filled crush with one of the female characters, Mi Lan . This film is significant in its unique perspective of the Cultural Revolution. Far from the Cultural Revolution-set films of Chinese 5th-generation filmmakers  which puts the era behind a larger historical backdrop, In The Heat Of the Sun is mellow and dream-like, portraying memories of that era with somewhat positive and personal resonances. It also acknowledges, as the narrator recalls, that he might have misremembered parts of his adolescence as stated in the prologue: "Change has wiped out my memories. I can\'t tell what\'s imagined from what\'s real"http://www.chinesecinemas.org/intheheat.html, as the director offers alternative or imagined versions to some events as people seek to romanticize their youthful memories.'] ["Gia Carangi  is a Philadelphia native who moves to New York City to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper . Gia's attitude and beauty help her rise quickly to the forefront of the modeling industry, but her persistent loneliness after the death of Wilhelmina drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine. She becomes entangled in a passionate affair with Linda , a make-up artist. Their love affair first starts when both pose nude and make love to each other after a photo shoot. However, after a while Linda begins to worry about Gia's drug use and gives her an ultimatum: Gia chooses the drugs. Failed attempts at reconciliation with Linda and with her mother, Kathleen , drive Gia to begin abusing heroin. Although she is eventually able to break her drug habit after much effort, she has already contracted HIV from a needle containing infected blood and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of 26."] ['This film follows the life of basketball legend Eric "Hank" Gathers, from his growing up in the ghettos of Philadelphia to his freshman year at USC through his brief career playing basketball for Loyola Marymount University, where he collapsed during a game and died of a heart ailment.'] ["Man in the Mirror picks up from where An American Dream left off. At the beginning of the telefilm, it is set to 1983 where pop icon Michael Jackson, and his album, Thriller becomes the biggest selling album of all-time. Michael  grew up in the spotlight as a member of the popular R&B combo the Jackson 5, but his youthful success came with a price—robbed of a normal childhood, as he grew to be a man, Jackson found himself increasingly eager to remake his life into the childhood he never had. In the 1980s, Jackson's solo career blew up, and his album Thriller became the biggest selling album of all time, moving over 100 million copies and making him wealthy beyond his wildest dreams. As Jackson struggled to repeat its success, his public image and reputation became increasingly eccentric, and as allegations of drug abuse, excessive plastic surgery, and inappropriate behavior with children were thrown at him, Jackson found himself trapped between his desire to entertain his fans and proving to the world that he was a normal and law-abiding man."] ['The miniseries tells the story of one of the most ferocious warriors in the world, Attila the Hun, who violently assumes Hun leadership and unites the warring clans under his banner. It also tells the story of Flavius Aetius, one of the so-called "Last of the Romans" who worked vigorously for years to keep the dying Western Roman Empire intact in the face of constant barbarian onslaught.'] ['The year is 1744, and the beautiful young Catherine  is torn from her homeland to marry Peter , the heir to the Russian throne. However his aunt, Elizabeth, Empress of Russia , rules the empire with an iron hand, and Peter proves neither fit for the throne nor the marriage bed. Treated as an outsider and at great risk from enemies who influence her husband, Catherine takes a lover and bears his child. Now, with help of her friend Sir Charles Williams , she must take the throne by force if she, her young son Paul, and the Russian Empire are to survive.'] ['The movie is a fictionalized account of the experiences of a real-life Jewish-American military officer, Colonel David "Mickey" Marcus, who commanded units of the fledgling Israel Defense Force during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Marcus, a former Colonel in the Judge Advocate General Corps of the US Army, recently released from active duty and now working as a New York lawyer, is approached by the Haganah who request his assistance in preparing Israeli troops to defend the newly declared state against the invasion of its Arab neighbors. Marcus, still a Army Reserve officer, is refused permission by the Pentagon to go, unless he uses an alias and travels as a civilian. As "Michael Stone", he arrives in Israel to be met by a Haganah member, Magda Simon, whom he immediately starts flirting with. Marcus, who parachuted into occupied France during World War II,{{Citation needed}} and helped to organise the relief mission for Dachau, the first Nazi concentration camp liberated by American troops, is initially viewed with suspicion by some Haganah soldiers. But after he leads a commando raid on an Arab arms dump and assists in a landing of \'illegal\' refugees, he is more accepted. He prepares his training manuals and then returns to New York, where his wife has suffered a miscarriage. Now restless, and despite his wife\'s pleadings, he does return to Israel and is given command of the Jerusalem front with the rank of \'Aluf\' , a rank not used since biblical days. He sets to work, recognising that, while the men under his command do not have proper training or weapons or even a system of ranks, they do have spirit and determination. He organises the construction of the "Burma Road" to enable convoys to reach besieged Jerusalem, where the population is on the verge of starvation. Many of the soldiers under his command are newly arrived in Israel, determined and enthusiastic but untrained. Dubbing them \'the schnooks\', Marcus is inspired by them to discover that he is proud to be a Jew. But just before the convoy of trucks to Jerusalem starts out, he is shot and killed by a lone sentry who does not speak English - the last casualty before the United Nations-imposed truce. The makeshift coffin containing his body is ceremonially carried by the soldiers who he trained and inspired. Cameo roles include: John Wayne as \'The General\', Marcus\'s commanding officer at Normandy and now a senior general offcier at the Pentagon, who initially refused him permission to go, but later supports him. Yul Brynner as Asher, a Haganah commander. Frank Sinatra as Vince, an expatriate American pilot who takes part in what becomes a suicide mission to bomb Arab positions.'] ["Paul Julius Reuter  starts a messenger service using homing pigeons to fill a gap in the telegraph network spanning Europe, but has difficulty convincing anyone to subscribe. When poison is sent to a hospital by mistake, Reuter's message saves the day . However, he is persuaded by Ida Magnus , the pretty daughter of Dr. Magnus , to keep it quiet, as a scandal would undo all the good work the doctors are doing. Finally though, Reuter is finally able to convince bankers that he can provide them with financial information much more quickly than by any other means. He is particularly pleased and surprised by how reliable his lifelong, lackadaisical friend Max Wagner  has become at the Brussels office, until his associate Franz Geller  informs him that Ida had, while there on a visit, taken over and run the place. Reuter sends a message by pigeon, asking her to marry him. She sends one back with her assent. When the telegraph network finally fills the gap Reuter's business had been exploiting, he realizes that he can use the employees he has in place all over Europe to gather the news and sell it to the newspapers. Once again, he encounters resistance, particularly from John Delane , influential editor of The Times, but overcomes it by persuading Louis Napoleon III  to allow him to disseminate the text of an extremely important speech at the same time as it is being presented. Later, a rival company appears; Anglo Irish secretly builds a telegraph line in Ireland that gives it a two hour lead in getting news from ships coming from America. Reuter borrows money from his client and good friend, Sir Randolph Persham , and builds his own line, one that extends further west and gets the news even quicker. Its first use is to announce the assassination of President Lincoln. As nobody knows about Reuter's new telegraph line, he is accused of making the tragedy up in order to manipulate the stock market; even Sir Randolph believes the rumors at first. The matter is brought up in the British Parliament, but Reuter is vindicated when slower services confirm his story."] ['The story begins with Aylward  being rejected as a potential missionary to China because of her lack of education. Dr. Robinson , the senior missionary, feels sorry for her and secures her a position in the home of a veteran explorer with contacts in China. Over the next few months, Aylward saves her money to purchase a ticket on the Trans-Siberian railway, choosing the more dangerous overland route to the East because it is less expensive. Once in China, she settles in the town of Yang Cheng, where she secures a post as assistant to a veteran missionary, Jeannie Lawson , who has set up an inn for traveling merchants, where they can get a hot meal and hear stories from the Bible. The film follows Aylward\'s acculturation, culminating in her taking over the inn when Lawson dies in an accident. The local mandarin  appoints Aylward, a stubborn but endearing woman, as his Foot Inspector to ensure that the ancient practice of foot binding is eradicated in the region he governs. She succeeds in this, and manages to put down a prison revolt as well, winning her the esteem of the local population as well as of the mandarin. Meanwhile, however, China is being invaded by Japan, and Aylward is encouraged by Lin to leave. She refuses, and as the town of Yang Cheng comes under attack, she finds that she has fifty orphans in her care. As the population prepares to evacuate the town, the mandarin announces that he is converting to Christianity to honour Aylward and her work  She is now left alone with the children, aided by Li , the former leader of the prison revolt that she helped to resolve . Lin tells her that the only hope for safety is to take the children to the next province, where trucks will drive them to safety, but they must get there within three weeks, or else the trucks will leave without them. Just as they are preparing to leave, another fifty orphans appear from a neighbouring town, so Aylward and Li have no choice but to lead one hundred children on a trek across the countryside. Although it should only have taken them a week, the roads are infested with Japanese patrols, and the group has no choice but to cut across the mountains. After a long, difficult journey, they all arrive safely  on the day the trucks are to leave. Aylward is greeted by Dr. Robinson, whom she reminds how he rejected her as a missionary years before. The film culminates with the column of children, led by Aylward, marching into the town, singing the song "This Old Man" to keep up their spirits.'] ["As the film opens, Guilio Andreotti gives an inner monologue observing how he has managed to survive his tumultuous political career while his various detractors have died. A montage shows the murders of various people connected to Andreotti, including journalist Mino Pecorelli, Carabinieri general Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa, bankers Michele Sindona and Roberto Calvi, and former prime minister Aldo Moro. The story of Giulio Andreotti, a seven-time prime minister of Italy notorious for his alleged ties to the Mafia. The narration spans the period from Andreotti's seventh election in 1992, to his failed bid for the presidency of the Italian Republic, to the Tangentopoli bribe scandal, until his trial in 1995."] ['The film presents scenes from the life of the 19th century dancer Lola Montès as told by her via flashbacks from her current life — as a performer in a circus, where the ringmaster  befriends her.'] ["Beginning at the Roosevelt family's vacation home on Campobello Island, New Brunswick, Canada , in the summer of 1921, Franklin is depicted in early scenes as vigorously athletic, enjoying games with his children and sailing his boat. Suddenly stricken with fever and then paralysis, subsequent scenes focus on the ensuing conflict in the following weeks between the bedridden FDR, his wife Eleanor, his mother Sara, and his close political adviser Louis Howe over FDR's political future. A later scene portrays FDR literally dragging himself up the stairs as, through grit and determination, he painfully strives to overcome his physical limitations and not remain an invalid. In the final triumphant scene, FDR is shown re-entering public life as he walks to the speaker's rostrum at a party convention, aided by heavy leg braces and on the arm of his eldest son James. The play and film both omit any mention of Warm Springs, Georgia and of Roosevelt's stay there, and of Roosevelt's creation of a rehabilitation center at Warm Springs."] ['Tom Horn, a legendary frontier scout and tracker who helped to capture Geronimo, drifts around the quickly disappearing western frontier. The story begins as he rides into a small town and provokes prizefighter Jim Corbett, ending up in a livery stable, unconscious and badly bruised. Cattle company owner John Coble finds Horn in the livery and offers him his ranch to recuperate. He also offers him work investigating and deterring cattle rustlers who steal from the grazing association to which Coble belongs. He implies that the association will support Horn in implementing vigilante justice. Horn accepts the offer and receives the approval of U.S. marshal Joe Belle at an association picnic where he also catches the eye of the local schoolteacher, Glendolene. Calling himself a "stock detective," Horn confronts cowboys at an auction whose cattle bear Coble\'s brand. After giving them fair warning he goes on a one man crusade to kill or otherwise drive off anyone who rustles the cattle of his benefactors. Horn\'s methods are brutal but effective. After a public gunfight, the local townspeople become alarmed at his violent nature and public opinion turns against him. The owners of the large cattle companies realize that while he is doing exactly what they hired him to do, his tactics will ultimately tarnish their image and begin to plot his demise. Joe Belle, who has political ambitions, wants Horn out of the way for the same reasons. Their conspiracy is set in motion when a young boy tending sheep is shot by a .45-60; the same caliber rifle Tom Horn is known to use. Horn is slow to realize that he is being set up. Proud and convinced of his own innocence, he refuses to leave the country or avoid the town. Glendolene and Coble try to warn him to be careful, but Horn ignores the warning. Joe Belle coaxes Horn out of a saloon and back to his office where a man transcribing their conversation is hidden in the next room. Horn does not admit to the murders but states that "If I did shoot that boy, it was the best shot I ever made." Based on this conversation Horn is taken prisoner. Unaccustomed to being unable to come and go as he pleases into his beloved hills, Horn seems lost. He breaks out of jail and attempts to flee. He is recaptured and convicted based on the testimony of the newspaperman who skewed the conversation between Belle and Horn. As his execution nears, Horn accepts his fate and remains resolved in the moments before he is hanged.'] ["In 1933 Texas school teacher and aspiring writer Novalyne Price is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard. A relationship soon develops between the two but it is doomed by personality conflicts and life events, such as the terminal illness of Howard's mother."] [' The first episode opens with a cold winter in Boston on the night of the Boston Massacre. It portrays John Adams arriving at the scene following the gunshots from British soldiers firing upon a mob of Boston citizens. Adams, a respected lawyer in his mid-30s known for his belief in law and justice, is therefore summoned by the accused Redcoats. Their commander, Captain Thomas Preston asks him to defend them in court. Reluctant at first, he agrees despite knowing this will antagonize his neighbors and friends. Adams is depicted to have taken the case because he believed everyone deserves a fair trial and he wanted to uphold the standard of justice. Adams\' cousin Samuel Adams is one of the main colonists opposed to the actions of the British government. He is one of the executive members of the Sons of Liberty, an anti-British group of agitators. Adams is depicted as a studious man doing his best to defend his clients. The show also illustrates Adams\' appreciation and respect for his wife, Abigail. In one scene, Adams is shown having his wife proofread his research as he takes her suggestions. After many sessions of court, the jury returns verdicts of not guilty of murder for each defendant.. The episode also illustrates the growing tensions over the Coercive Acts, and Adams\' election to the First Continental Congress.  The second episode covers the disputes among the members of the Second Continental Congress towards declaring independence from Great Britain as well as the final drafting of the Declaration of Independence. At the continental congresses he is depicted as the lead advocate for independence. He is in the vanguard in establishing that there is no other option than to break off and declare independence. He is also instrumental in the selection of then-Colonel George Washington as the new head of the Continental Army. However, in his zeal for immediate action, he manages to alienate many of the other founding fathers, going so far as to insult a peace-loving Quaker member of the Continental Congress, implying that the man suffers from a religiously based moral cowardice, making him a "snake on his belly". Later, Benjamin Franklin quietly chastens Adams, saying, "It is perfectly acceptable to insult a man in private and he may even thank you for it afterwards but when you do so publicly, it tends to make them think you are serious." This points out Adams\' primary flaw: his bluntness and lack of gentility toward his political opponents, one that would make him many enemies and which would eventually plague his political career. It would also, eventually, contribute to historians\' disregard for his many achievements.   In Episode 3, Adams travels to Europe during the war seeking alliances with foreign nations, during which the ship transporting him battles a British frigate. It first shows his embassy with Benjamin Franklin in the court of Louis XVI of France. The old French nobility—at this stage in history in the last decade before the French Revolution consumes them—are portrayed as effete and decadent. They meet cheerfully with Franklin, seeing him as a romantic figure, little noting the democratic infection he brings with him. Adams, on the other hand, is a plain spoken and faithful man , who finds himself out of his depth surrounded by the entertainment- and sex-driven degeneracy which masks a highly sophisticated and subtle culture among the French elite. Adams finds himself at sharp odds with his friend Benjamin Franklin, who has adapted himself to French degeneracy, seeking to obtain by seduction what Adams would gain through histrionics. Franklin sharply rebukes Adams for his lack of diplomatic acumen, calling Adams\'s approach a "direct insult followed by a petulant whine." Franklin ultimately has Adams removed from any position of diplomatic authority in Paris.  Adams, dismayed but learning from his mistakes, then travels to the Dutch Republic to obtain monetary support for the Revolution. Though the Dutch agreed with the American cause, they do not at first consider the new union a reliable and trustworthy client. At last, there is success at Yorktown, as the revolution is won and the Dutch financiers come through with the first loan to the American government. Adams ends his time in the Netherlands in a state of progressive illness.  The fourth episode shows John Adams being notified of the end of the Revolutionary War and the defeat of the British. He is then sent to Paris to negotiate the Treaty of Paris in 1783. While overseas, he spends time with Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Abigail visits him. Franklin informs John Adams that he was appointed as the first United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom and thus has to relocate to the British Court of St. James\'s. John Adams is poorly received by the British during this time—he is the representative for a recently hostile power, and represents in his person what many British at the time regarded as a disastrous end to its early Empire. He meets with his former sovereign, King George III, and while the meeting is not a disaster, he is excoriated in British newspapers. In 1789, he returns to Massachusetts for the first Presidential Election. George Washington is elected the first President of the United States and John Adams as the first Vice President.  The fifth episode begins with John Adams presiding over the Senate and the debate over what to call the new President. It depicts Adams as frustrated in this role: His opinions are ignored and he has no actual power, except in the case of a tied vote. He\'s excluded from George Washington\'s inner circle of cabinet members, and his relationships with Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton are strained. Even Washington himself gently rebukes him for his efforts to "royalize" the office of the Presidency. A key event shown is the struggle to enact the Jay Treaty with Britain, which Adams himself must ratify before a deadlocked Senate . The episode concludes with his inauguration as the second president—and his subsequent arrival in a plundered executive mansion.  The sixth episode covers Adams\'s term as president and the rift between the Hamilton-led Federalists and Jefferson-led Democratic-Republicans. Adams\'s neutrality pleases neither side and often angers both. His shaky relationship with his vice president, Thomas Jefferson, is intensified after taking defensive actions against the French because of failed diplomatic attempts and the signing of the Alien and Sedition Acts. However, Adams also alienates himself from the anti-French Alexander Hamilton after taking all actions possible to prevent a war with France. Adams disowns his son Charles, who soon dies as an alcoholic vagrant. Late in his Presidency, Adams sees success with his campaign of preventing a war with France, but his success is clouded after losing the presidential election of 1800. After receiving so much bad publicity while in office, Adams lost the election against his Vice-President, Thomas Jefferson, and runner-up Aaron Burr . This election is now known as the Revolution of 1800. Adams leaves the Presidential Palace , retiring to his personal life in Massachusetts, in March 1801.  The final episode covers Adams\'s retirement years. His home life is full of pain and sorrow as his daughter, Nabby, dies of breast cancer and Abigail succumbs to typhoid fever. Adams does live to see the election of his son, John Quincy, as president, but is too ill to attend the inauguration. Adams and Jefferson are reconciled through correspondence in their last years, and both die mere hours apart on the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence ([[Independence Day ; Jefferson was 83, Adams was 90.'] ['The film tells the story of the life and execution of Barbara Graham  a prostitute and convicted perjurer. Graham is the product of a broken home, and works luring men into fixed card games. At one point, she attempts to go straight but marries the "wrong man," and has a child. He is a drug addict and she ends their relationship. When her life falls apart, she returns to her former professions and becomes involved with men who have murdered a woman. The police arrest them, and her, and her companions accuse her of the murder to reduce their own chances of going to the gas chamber. She claims her innocence, but is convicted and executed.'] ["The film is based on the novel Memórias do Distrito de Diamantina, written by João Felicio dos Santos . It is a romanticized retelling of the true story of Chica da Silva, an 18th century African slave in the state of Minas Gerais, who attracts the attention of João Fernandes de Oliveira, a Portuguese sent by Lisbon with the Crown's exclusive contract for mining diamonds, and eventually becomes his lover. He quickly asserts control, letting the intendant and other authorities know that he's onto their corruption scheme. Eventually Lisbon hears of João's excesses and sends an inspector. José, a political radical, provides Xica refuge."] ['{{Copy edit-section}} The film begins at Paris-Orly Airport where Marjane Satrapi  is unable to board a plane to Iran, for reasons that are not clearly explained. Sitting down to smoke a cigarette, she remembers her life as a girl in 1978 at the age of 9. As a child, Marji lived in Tehran with dreams of being a prophet and an emulator of Bruce Lee. Juxtaposing her childhood ambitions is the general uprising against the US-backed Shah of Iran, with her middle-class family participating in rallies and protests with high hopes for a better society. Meanwhile, Marji attempts to identify with her generation\'s point of view, whether it is threatening the child of an unpopular government official, or competing for the greater childish prestige of having a relative who has been a political prisoner the longest time. Marji and a group of friends attempt to attack a young boy whose father, a member of SAVAK, killed Communists for fun, but they are stopped by her mother, Taji . That night, God appears before her to teach her about forgiveness, and about how she should not take justice into her own hands. One day Marji\'s Uncle Anoush arrives to have dinner with the family and catch up with them after recently being released from prison. Anoush tells Marji about his life on the run from the government for rebelling with his Communist ideology, his role in the establishment of Azerbaijan People\'s Government and that he was imprisoned by Iranian authorities when he attempted to return to Iran from the Soviet Union. He also speaks of his nine years spent in prison to subtly warn Marji of the consequences of standing up for innocent people, but that she should always remember her family and remain true to herself. During this time all political enemies ceased fighting and elections for a new leading power commenced. However, things do not get any better for the family, who is profoundly upset when Islamic Fundamentalists win the elections with 99.99% of the vote and start repressing Iranian society. The hands of the law, now controlled by Khomeini, make things worse for the Iranian people, for instance by forcing women to dress modestly , or by rearresting and executing Anoush for his political beliefs. Profoundly disillusioned, Marji rejects her prophetic aspirations before God and tries with her family to fit into the reality of the intolerant regime. To make things worse, the Iran-Iraq war breaks out and Marji sees for herself the horrors of death and destruction; the Iranian government begins implementing ridiculous laws that create blatant injustices. Marji witnesses her father threatened by teenage government officials wielding AK-47\'s and watches her critically ill uncle die because an unqualified government-appointed hospital administrator refuses to let him go abroad for medical treatment. The family tries to find some solace in secret parties where they can enjoy simple pleasures the government has outlawed, such as alcohol. As she grows up, Marji begins a life of over-confidence, where she refuses to stay out of trouble, secretly buys Western heavy metal music, notably Iron Maiden, on the black market, wears unorthodox clothing such as a denim jacket, celebrates punk rock and other Western music sensations like Michael Jackson, and openly rebuts a teacher\'s lies about the abuses of the government. Fearing her arrest for her outspokenness, Marji\'s parents make the difficult decision to send her to a French Lycée in Vienna, Austria in 1983, where she could be safe and free to express herself. She lives with Catholic nuns when she arrives and soon finds herself on edge with the discriminatory and judgmental nuns. Marji does make new friends, but ultimately she feels intolerably isolated in a foreign land surrounded by annoyingly superficial people who take their freedom for granted. As the years go by, Marji is thrown out of her temporary shelter for insulting a nun, and is driven out into the streets. Marji continues to go from house to house, until ending up in a house of Frau Dr. Schloss, a retired philosophy teacher. One night, her grandmother\'s voice about staying true to herself resonates within her when she leaves a party after lying about her nationality, telling an acquaintance that she was French. Her shame culminates in a passionate love affair with Markus, a debonair native, which tragically ends on her eighteenth birthday when she discovers him cheating on her. Also, her previous lover reveals himself to be homosexual after a bad sexual experience with Marji. Marji falls apart over her breakup, and when she is accused of stealing Frau Dr. Schloss\'s brooch, Marji gets fed up and angrily leaves. She spends the day on a park bench, and reflects upon how cruel Markus was to her. She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go and ends up living on the street for a few months. Eventually, she becomes so ill that she contracts bronchitis, and almost ends up dying. Marji recovers in a Vienna hospital, and returns to Iran in 1987, with her family\'s permission and hopes that the conclusion of the war would mean an improved life there. After whiling away her time in front of television for days on end, doing nothing to advance her life, Marji falls into a clinical depression over the state of affairs in Iran and the misery that has nearly ruined her family. It is not clearly explained in the movie, but she attempts suicide by overdosing on her medication. She gets into bed and closes her eyes before she enters a dream where God and the spirit of Karl Marx appear to remind her of what is important and encourage her to go on with living. She bounces back with renewed determination and begins enjoying life again: she attends university classes, goes to parties, and even enters into a relationship with a fellow student, Reza. With the recent death of Khomeini, Marji notices that things have gradually worsened. She discovers that Iranian society is more tyrannized than ever, with numerous atrocities occurring. With Ali Khamenei now controlling the society, mass executions for political beliefs and petty religious absurdities and hypocrisies have become common in everyday life, much to Marji\'s dismay; for instance, she and her boyfriend are caught holding hands and their parents forced to pay a fine. While this makes living as both a student and a woman intolerable, Marji manages to hold on to her rebellious attitude. However, she starts resorting to personal survival tactics to protect herself, such as falsely accusing a man of making a pass at her to avoid being arrested for wearing make up and marrying her boyfriend to avoid scrutiny by the religious police. Her grandmother, disappointed by Marji\'s behaviour, berates Marji, and tells her that both her grandfather and her uncle died supporting freedom and innocent people, and that she never forsake them or her family by succumbing to the repressive environment of Iran. Marji, realizing her mistake, does what she can to fix it, and her grandmother is pleased upon hearing that Marji openly confronted the blatant sexist double standard in her university\'s forum on public morality. By 1994, her marriage is falling apart and things come to an end when the police raid a party, resulting in a friend being killed trying to escape. After these incidents and her subsequent divorce from Reza, the family decides that Marji should leave the country permanently to avoid being targeted by the Iranian authorities as a political dissident. Marji\'s mother then forbids Marji from coming back, to which Marji reluctantly agrees. Her grandmother was never to be seen again by Marji, and she dies soon after her departure. Marji is shown collecting her luggage and getting into a taxi. As the taxi pulls away from the south terminal of Paris-Orly Airport, the narrative cuts back to the present day. When the driver asks Marji where she is from, she replies "Iran", showing that she\'s kept the promise she made to Anoush and her grandmother years ago that she would remember where she came from and that she would always stay true to herself. The screen fades to black as she recalls her final memory of her grandmother telling her how she placed jasmine in her brassiere to allow her to smell lovely every day.'] ['Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan who lives with her aunt during the Depression. She has a love of horses, and one day before school, loses a bet that hers can jump a fence. It breaks and the cows get out, forcing her to be late. After she is given detention, her aunt tells her that because of her behavior and the family\'s financial difficulties, she is going to be put into an orphanage. Instead, she slips out of the house during the night. Sonora ends up at a county fair and sees Marie perform as a diving girl. A diving girl jumps onto a horse as it runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off into a pool of water. She then informs Doc Carver that she is his new diving girl. He informs her that she is too young, her body isn\'t developed enough, and tells her she should go back home. She stubbornly twists her arms and legs around a chair to show him she won\'t leave until he gives her the job. Instead, he just places her and the chair outside of his tent. Ending up in the stable with the horses, Doc sees how talented Sonora is with them and decides to give her a job as a stablehand. She then begins traveling with them, bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself. Al wins a wild horse in a game of cards, and he says that if she can tame it, he believes his father will give her a chance to train as a diving girl. She surprises him one day by riding up on it and he promises she can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it\'s moving. After multiple attempts, she finally succeeds and Doc keeps his promise, much to the chagrin of Marie. She and the wild horse, Lightning, develop a special bond which proves important later in the film. One day, Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform. Thus, Sonora becomes the diving girl, even though the swimsuits don\'t fit her. Although she has never actually dived with Lightning into the pool of water, Sonora is successful at her first jump. Marie is so jealous that she makes unreasonable demands of Doc to ensure her stardom status, and after he refuses them, she quits the show rather than share billing with Sonora. Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship, which isn\'t helped by his burgeoning romance with Sonora, and one day he leaves after having a particularly bad fight with him. He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss, and he promises to write her. Again, he keeps his promise, but Doc, protective of Sonora, hides Al\'s letters from her. Doc and the new stablehand Clifford  leave the farm in search of work, and that night Lightning falls ill. Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened by Al, who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic. Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him when Doc and Clifford return with the news there is no more work to be had and announcing that the show is over. Al asks Sonora why she never wrote him, and she tells him that she never received any letters from him. Both confused over the missing letters. It is then learned that Al arranged a six month contract with the Steel Pier in Atlantic City to perform the show and it\'s come through. The good news seems to patch up old differences between Doc and Al. Just as everyone seems to be getting along, Doc passes away en route to Atlantic City, apparently from a heart attack. Al takes over his father\'s role as a show presenter. On Al\'s first day, he is extremely nervous, so Sonora finds Doc\'s famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence. In it she also finds one of Al\'s old letters, confessing his love for her. When Sonora finds Al, she lets him know she feels the same. Meanwhile, Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle from a friend in Atlantic City and plans to refurbish it to working status; Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion. Al and Sonora perform at Atlantic City in front of their largest audience. Everyone is nervous and excited. As she is climbing the ladder, he proposes to her. She accepts and gets ready to do the jump. The horse, a jittery stallion who is not her usual partner Lightning, is anxious because of all the noise from the band and the crowd, and just before the jump a cymbal crashes loudly, which causes him to falter and trip. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al and won\'t seek medical attention for the condition. The next day when she wakes up, Sonora discovers she can\'t see. The doctor diagnoses detached retinas in both her eyes due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them  and tells her the condition is permanent and she will be blind for the rest of her life. In order to avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, and calls Marie, who returns to be it. Clifford has been working on his "new" motorcycle and gets it back in working condition. He demonstrates his new act for a small crowd including Al and Sonora—it is an enormous metal ball in which he rides around inside on the motorcycle, doing loop after loop. The crowd is amazed and he is pleased with his new "death-defying" act. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly, and feels utterly helpless and like a burden to Al. She tells him of her desires to dive again, and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence that she could do it again as she knows him so well. She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again, much the same way she and Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so in motion. She is stubborn and refuses to give up, but Al forces her to accept the fact that it is impossible. She spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with the help of Clifford, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora climbs the platform. Though Al is scared for her and shouts at her to come back down, the crowd doesn\'t know she\'s blind, and she uses her other senses to have a very successful jump. She is again the diving girl, and her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for 11 more years. She and Al get married and live happily ever after.'] ['Writer F. Scott Fitzgerald turns to alcoholism after becoming washed up and has an affair with radio host Sheilah Graham, while he is writing his incomplete novel he never finished and at the same time his wife is in the mental institution. {{Expand section}}'] ["Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult. Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and giving him a copy of her memoir in which the text of the letter appears. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris."] ['When Ludwig van Beethoven dies, his assistant and close friend Schindler deals with his last will and testament. There remains a question as to who Beethoven\'s "immortal beloved", an unnamed woman mentioned in one of his letters, may be. Schindler embarks on a quest to find out who this woman is. Retrospective footage of Beethoven from his younger years until his death is featured as the film progresses. The conclusion ultimately is that the individual is Johanna Reiss, the daughter of Anton Van Reiss, a prosperous Viennese upholsterer. In the film, she becomes pregnant by Beethoven; when by an accidental turn of events he does not marry her in time, she marries his brother, Kaspar. Their son, Karl van Beethoven, is raised by Ludwig in the vain hope of making him an important musician in his own right.'] ["The film starts with a young woman named Françoise meeting Picasso in Paris during the Nazi occupation of the city, where Picasso is complaining that people broke into his house and stole his linen, rather than his paintings. It shows Françoise being beaten by her father after telling him she wants to be a painter, rather than a lawyer. Picasso is shown as often not caring about other people's feelings, firing his driver after a long period of service, and as a womanizer, saying that he can sleep with whomever he wants. The film is seen through the eyes of his lover Françoise Gilot . As the producers were unable to get permission, to show the works of Picasso in the film, the film is more about Picasso's personal life rather than his works, and where it does show paintings, they are not of his more famous works. When Picasso is shown painting Guernica, the camera sits high above the painting, with the work only slightly visible. The film depicts several of the women who were important in Picasso's life, such as Olga Khokhlova , Dora Maar , Marie-Thérèse Walter , and Jacqueline Roque ."] ["Heidi Fleiss , the daughter of a prominent Los Angeles doctor, becomes a prostitute for well-known Los Angeles madame Alex . She soon takes over her boss' operation and begins raking in $300,000 a month by hiring only the most beautiful and high-class prostitutes and catering to wealthy Hollywood types, Europeans, Arab sheiks, and American corporate executives. Her operation is broken up by Los Angeles police in 1993 and she is eventually sent to prison for income tax evasion."] ["Jeanne Eagels is a Kansas City waitress. After losing a carnival's beauty contest, she asks carny owner Sal Satori for a job. Her dancing in a skimpy costume is accused of being obscene. Sal decides to join his brother in New York and invites Jeanne to join them in an amusement park at Coney Island. Taking acting lessons instead, the ambitious Jeanne becomes the understudy in a Broadway show and a star when she gets a chance to play the part. A once successful actress named Elsie Desmond wants to make a comeback in a new play, but Jeanne betrays her and takes the play for herself, willing to do anything to get ahead. Elsie denounces her in the theater before the first performance, then commits suicide. Sal is disgusted by Jeanne's behavior as well. She accepts a proposal from a ne'er-do-well named John Donahue, but both descend into alcoholism. Jeanne misses performances and causes fellow actors to lose out on paychecks. Her situation deteriorates further when she's required to pay alimony to John after a divorce. A new play fails because Jeanne, drunk and on pills, collapses on stage. The actors' guild suspends her for 18 months. Unable to work, she returns to Sal's amusement park and is offered a job dancing. Another performer sexually attacks her in a dressing room. Jeanne, her life in ruins, continues to spiral downward and hallucinate. While trying to make it to a stage one night, she collapses on the staircase and dies."] ['Frank "women in prison" story that sympathetically tracks several inmates through their imprisonment and subsequent return to society. Some are successfully rehabilitated; some are not. Female prisoners talk about the events that brought them there and each of their stories is detailed in a series of flashbacks; notably the upper-class Jean , the brash Betty  and the pregnant Pat . The Weak and the Wicked follows the inmate’s progress behind bars; Jean’s ordeal improves after some sympathetic bonding with her fellow inmates, followed by a move to an experimental open prison.'] ['Helen Leonard  has a beautiful voice. As she grows up, she trains to become an opera singer. Her instructor, however, informs her that her voice is pleasing, but not suitable for grand opera. Returning home one day, she and her grandmother  are saved by a handsome young man, Alexander Moore . Meanwhile, Helen\'s mother, Cynthia , has political aspirations, but only receives a handful of votes for mayor. While singing one evening, Helen is overheard by Tony Pastor  who hires her to sing at his theater. She is given a new name, Lillian Russell, and quickly rises to fame as the toast of New York. As the years pass, Lillian becomes one of the most revered star in America. She has many suitors, including Diamond Jim Brady , Jesse Lewisohn , and Edward Solomon . She eventually marries Edward and they move to London, where Gilbert and Sullivan are writing an operetta especially for her. Alexander Moore returns and makes a contract with Lillian to write stories about her rise to fame. But tragedy soon strikes when Edward dies one evening while composing a song for her. Lillian cancels the interviews and makes an appearance in the show, singing the song her husband composed for her, "Blue Lovebird". Lillian returns to America and is, by this time, the greatest stage attraction of the century. Alexander returns once more to see Lillian after a new show and the two are happily reunited.'] ['Nazi-occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1943. Under the faithful leadership of Marshal Tito, the Yugoslavian partisans have put up a staunch fight against the occupying Axis powers for a number of years. Despite being outgunned, outmaneuvered, and vastly outnumbered, they managed to recuperate in the harsh mountaneous region called Durmitor in northern Montenegro. However, their rest was short-lived, as the combined foreign and domestic Axis powers begin an encirclement offensive, outnumbering them 6:1. The Partisans have no choice but to fight out of the encirclement, heading towards eastern Bosnia. They finally clash with the Axis on the plains of Sutjeska in southeastern Bosnia. Various people are caught up in the fighting, such as a Dalmatian who lost all of his children during the war. As the fighting intensifies, the story and the scenes are drawn more and more into the colossal battle as both sides are forced into a conflict that can only be described as a living hell. The scenes are interlaced between general battle rage and individual, personal fates and agonies of several main characters, from supreme commanders to ordinary soldiers. The offensive finally ends as a failure for the Axis armies, but the Partisans are not in a mood to celebrate – they suffered devastating losses. Still, they marched on.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ['Carl Brashear  decides to leave his lifestyle in native Kentucky in 1948 and the life of a sharecropper by way of joining the United States Navy. As a crew member of the salvage ship USS Hoist , where he is assigned to the galley, he is inspired by the bravery of one of the divers, Master Chief Petty Officer Leslie William "Billy" Sunday . He is determined to overcome racism and become the first African American Navy diver, even proclaiming that he will become a Master Diver. He eventually is selected to attend Diving and Salvage School in Bayonne, New Jersey where he arrives as a Boatswain\'s Mate Second Class. He finds that Master Chief Sunday is the Leading Chief Petty Officer and head instructor, who is under orders from the school\'s eccentric, bigoted commanding officer to ensure that Brashear fails. Brashear struggles to overcome his educational shortcomings, a result of his leaving school in the 7th grade in order to help his family\'s failing farm. He receives educational assistance from his future wife, an aspiring doctor, who works part time in the Harlem  Public Library. Brashear proves himself as a diver by rescuing a fellow student whose dive buddy abandoned him during a salvage evaluation that turns into a near disaster. Unfortunately, due to the prevailing racism of the commanding officer , the student who fled in the face of danger is awarded a medal for Brashear\'s heroic actions. Likewise, during an underwater assembling task where each student had to assemble a flange underwater using a bag of tools, Brashear\'s bag is cut open. Brashear finishes the assembly and successfully completes the diving school, earning the quiet and suppressed admiration of Master Chief Sunday and his fellow divers. Master Chief Sunday is later demoted by the commanding officer for standing up for Brashear and allowing him to pass, having since been demoted to Senior Chief. His career begins to wane as he continues to lose his composure around the officers that disrespect his accomplishments, until he is finally demoted to Chief Petty Officer and relegated to menial duties. The paths and careers of both Brashear and Sunday sharply diverge as Brashear rises quickly through the ranks, even becoming a national hero in 1966 Palomares B-52 crash  for recovering a missing atomic bomb and for saving the life of Navy crew, while the latter becomes a brooding alcoholic and is reduced in rank from Master Chief to Chief Petty Officer. The two eventually meet again after Brashear loses his left leg in the atomic bomb incident and must fight the US Navy bureaucracy in order to return to full active duty and fulfill his dream of becoming a master diver. They are successful and Brashear is reinstated. In the epilogue, it is noted that two years later Brashear becomes a master diver. It is added that he does not retire from the Navy for another nine years.'] ['Gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel , who works for the New York mob, goes to California and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill , a Hollywood starlet. The two meet for the first time, when Ben visits his friend, the actor George Raft, on a movie-studio set. He buys a house in Beverly Hills from opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, planning to stay while his wife and two daughters remain in the New York suburb of Scarsdale. As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna. Mickey Cohen robs Dragna\'s office one day, and is confronted by Siegel. Dragna claimed losses of $56,000; Cohen admits to robbing $42,000. Siegel theorizes he should be in business with the guy that did the robbery, not the guy that got robbed. Mickey Cohen is put in charge of the betting casinos; Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben, that Jack stole $14,000 from the New York Associates, and is told he now answers to Cohen. A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house. "Everybody needs a fresh start," says Ben, to the departing Dragna. A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to the dinner table to eat his cold scampi. After having had an earlier argument about Virginia\'s sexual trysts with drummer Gene Krupa, and a variety of bull fighters, Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben, in the dining room. On a trip to Nevada to visit a dive gambling joint, Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert. He acquires funding from head mobster Meyer Lansky  and other New York mobsters who approve the deal for $1 million. The funds are approved when the associates make an unannounced visit to Siegel at his Scarsdale, New York Home. Ben is caught in the middle of preparations for his daughter Milllicent\'s birthday celebration. His wife, Esta, is full of marital frustration; Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday; Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben\'s Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben\'s obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini. Bugsy puts Virginia in charge of accounting and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $6 million. Bugsy tries everything to ensure it gets made, even selling his share of the casino and most of his belongings. Bugsy returns to the East Coast for the party for Charlie\'s trip to Italy. Charlie says "Congratulations Ben. Virginia will make a great wife. But I hope you know what you\'re doing." Bugsy pummels Joey A. at the party, for a previous insult made regarding Virginia. Bugsy is visited in Los Angeles by former associate Harry Greenberg. Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself. Harry has also run out of money, from a combination of his gambling habits, and being extorted by the prosecutors who want his testimony. Ben is Harry\'s last and only friend. We don\'t see Ben kill Harry, but there is a gunshot, while Virginia waits in the car. Ben and Esta are out to dinner in a restaurant with their two daughters. Ben suggests that maybe the anticipated move to California is not such a good idea. Esta and Ben have a confrontation in the women\'s restroom, away from earshot of the children. "You want a divorce! Say it!! You want a divorce!" Esta screams in Ben\'s face, slapping him several times. Ben has a guilty look on his face, as he watches their cab drive away from the restaurant. Bugsy is arrested for Harry Greenberg\'s murder. But incarceration is short. The only witness is a cab-driver who dropped off Harry in front of Ben\'s Beverly Hills house. The cab driver is escorted to the train station by Mickey Cohen. Meyer is waiting for Ben outside the jail. Meyer has a satchel of money that he gives to Ben. "Charlie doesn\'t have to know about it," he tells Ben. But he also tells Ben, "I can\'t protect you anymore." Upset about the costs, the fact that the casino is a failure, and that $2 million of the budget is unaccounted for, Meyer Lansky asks Bugsy to meet him in Los Angeles. Bugsy discovers that Virginia stole the money but tells her to "keep it and save it for a rainy day" rather than return it. He then calls Lansky and tells him never to sell his share of the casino and that he\'ll live to thank him someday. While in his home back in L.A. later that night, Bugsy is killed by several gunshots. Virginia is told the news back in Las Vegas and becomes upset, rushing out of the casino. The final text before the credits states that she returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide at some point after that. It also states that by 1991 the $6 million invested in Bugsy\'s dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $100 billion.'] ['In 1915 Berlin, the German high command is worried about ally Turkey. Recent British attacks on the vital Dardanelles shows signs of inside knowledge. Von Sturm , the head of German intelligence, is ordered to find out if Ali Bey , the Turkish commander of the region, is the traitor. As his best agent has not been heard from in several weeks, von Sturm assigns Kruger  the task. Shortly afterwards, Annemarie , known by the code name "Fräulein Doktor", returns after completing her mission. She also informs von Sturm that fellow spy Mata Hari has fallen in love and therefore can no longer be trusted. She recommends that an incriminating message be sent using a code that she knows has been broken by the Allies. In addition, she uncovers Kruger as a British double agent known as K-6. When Kruger is arrested at his dentist contact\'s office, another patient, American medical student Douglas Beall , is also taken into custody, though he is later released. Just to be sure though, von Sturm orders Annemarie to make sure Beall is innocent. She arranges to be rescued from an unwanted "suitor" by Beall, who invites her to his hotel suite. During the course of the evening, he confesses he has fallen in love with her, now going by the name Helena Bohlen. Helena is attracted to him, but when she reads a coded message from von Sturm informing her that he has taken her advice regarding Mata Hari, she abruptly leaves. Beall persists however. When Helena boards the train to Constantinople, he follows her on the spur of the moment and continues courting her, despite her half-hearted attempts to discourage him. Her assistant Karl  watches with growing concern. As they near the Turkish border, she orders Karl to return to Germany so Beall can use his visa. To answer Beall\'s persistent questions, Helena has to admit she is a German spy. This has no effect on his love. Meanwhile, she attracts Ali Bey with her beauty. When she accepts his invitation to dinner, she poses as British agent K-6 and negotiates for vital information. To gain his trust, she arranges for Beall to be framed as a spy by von Sturm  and supposedly executed by firing squad, though a French prisoner is to be substituted. His suspicions  allayed, Ali Bey compromises himself and is arrested by his Turkish superiors. When von Sturm admits that he was unable to make the switch and that Beall really was shot, Helena loses her sanity and is confined in a nunnery. Refusing to accept the truth, she expects her lover to find her and take her away. It turns out that von Sturm had lied in an attempt to avoid losing his best agent. He had not dared to risk antagonizing a then-neutral America. In the final scene, Helena is reunited with Beall.'] ['Stagecoach robber Bill Miner  is caught and sent to prison for 33 years. He is finally released in 1901. He wanders around, a man out of place in the new century, until he sees one of the first movies, The Great Train Robbery, and is inspired to copy it in real life. After several unsuccessful attempts, he achieves his goal and hides out in a mining town in British Columbia, becoming a respectable resident. There, he meets and falls in love with early feminist and photographer Katherine Flynn . He considers settling down with her, but one last robbery proves to be his downfall.'] ["An Angel at My Table is a dramatisation of the autobiographies of New Zealand author Janet Frame. Originally produced as a television miniseries, the film, as with Frame's autobiographies, is divided into three sections, with the lead role played by three different actresses who portray Frame at different stages of her life: Karen Fergusson , Alexia Keogh  and Kerry Fox ."] ['{{Expand section}} The film depicts the exile of Napoleon I on the island of St. Helena following his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.'] ["Moving Picture World offered this plot summary:Moving Picture World, April 20, 1918, reprinted in James R. Mock and Cedric Larson, Words that Won the War: The Story of the Committee on Public Information, 1917-1919 , 151-2 :Macas, a mighty man, is a blacksmith in Louvain, while in the palace in Berlin lives the Kaiser. A captain of the guard, chided for the appearance of his men, in anger knocks the Kaiser down and then commits suicide. The Kaiser soon after starts the world war. Louvain is invaded; the blacksmith, though wounded, saves his daughter from a German soldier. Later, the Lusitania is sunk. The commander of the submarine is decorated and then goes mad. In an interview with Ambassador Girard the Kaiser says he will stand no nonsense from America after the war. Then follow further incidents and happenings leading up to the declaration of war by the United States, and Gerard secures his passports. Scenes of America's military and naval preparations are shown; then the scene shifts to the close of the war. The principal allied generals are gathered in the palace in Berlin, the Kaiser is a captive and is turned over to the King of Belgium, who appoints the blacksmith as his jailer."] ['The story begins with a decrepit, now-alcoholic Lady Hamilton thrown into debtor\'s prison in the slums of Calais, and shows her past life by means of a flashback, as she narrates the story to her skeptical fellow inmates. In one of the early scenes that launches the flashback, Emma, well past her prime, looks into a mirror and remembers "the face I knew before," the face of the young, lovely girl who captured the imagination of artists - most notably George Romney and Joshua Reynolds. Her early life as the mistress of the charming but unreliable Charles Francis Greville leads to her meeting with Sir William Hamilton , British ambassador to Naples. Greville gives Emma to Sir William in exchange for relief on his debts. Despite her shock at his betrayal, Emma comes to respect Sir William, who marries her and explains the reasons for Britain\'s war against Napoleon. When Horatio Nelson arrives in Naples, Emma is soon deeply attracted to him and is impressed by his passionate insistence on resisting Napoleon\'s dictatorial rule. She leaves Sir William to live with Nelson. Their idyllic life together is threatened by the continuing war. Nelson leaves to confront Napoleon\'s navy in the decisive Battle of Trafalgar. After his death in the battle, she says that nothing remained in her life. {| class="wikitable" |- ! Films about Lady Hamilton and Lord Nelson |- |Lady Hamilton , a German silent film directed by Richard Oswald |- |The Divine Lady , a Vitaphone sound film with no dialogue, directed by Frank Lloyd |- |Emma Hamilton , a co-production between Italy, West Germany, France and the United States, directed by Christian-Jacque |}'] ["Following the execution of her mother, Anne Boleyn , for infidelity, Elizabeth  is exiled to Hatfield House and declared illegitimate  by her father, King Henry VIII . She is accompanied by her loyal servants, Mr. Parry  and her governess Mrs. Ashley . Over the years, her position rises and falls on the whim of her father. The child is periodically summoned back to London to become acquainted with Henry's latest spouse. When Henry marries his last wife, Catherine Parr , the now-teenage Elizabeth finally rebels against her latest summons. However, the suave, handsome Lord Admiral Thomas Seymour  persuades her to change her mind, and Elizabeth and Catherine become good friends. Meanwhile, Henry is impressed and amused by the resolute defiance of his daughter . When Henry dies, Thomas's scheming brother Ned  takes over as Lord Protector and guardian of King Edward VI  during his minority, overriding Henry's wish that Thomas raise the boy. Ned and Thomas do not like each other, and Ned's fear of his brother's ambition grows with each of Thomas's naval triumphs. By now, Elizabeth realizes she is in love with Thomas. She refuses to believe Mrs. Ashley's warning that he loves someone else until she sees Thomas and Catherine embrace in secret. Ned had blocked Thomas from marrying into the royal family, but Elizabeth graciously persuades her brother to issue a royal decree sanctioning their marriage. As they live in the same household, Thomas grows too close to Elizabeth without even knowing it, until one day, Elizabeth kisses him and declares her love for him. She then wisely moves back to Hatfield. Soon after, however, Catherine sickens and dies. Thomas comes to see Elizabeth. Ned has him arrested and charged with treason. He also accuses Elizabeth of plotting with Thomas to overthrow her brother. She goes to see Edward, but is too late to save Thomas from execution. The film then shifts forward to 1558. Having survived the perils of her early life, and with Edward deceased and her elder sister Mary dying, Elizabeth is about to become Queen of England."] ['Something the Lord Made  tells the story of the 34-year partnership that begins in Depression Era Nashville in 1930 when Blalock  hires Thomas  as an assistant in his Vanderbilt University lab, expecting him to perform janitorial work. But Thomas\' remarkable manual dexterity and intellectual acumen confound Blalock\'s expectations, and Thomas rapidly becomes indispensable as a research partner to Blalock in his forays into heart surgery. The film traces the two men\'s work when they move in 1941 from Vanderbilt to Johns Hopkins, an institution where the only black employees are janitors and where Thomas must enter by the back door. Together, they attack the heart problem of Tetralogy of Fallot, also known as Blue Baby Syndrome, and in so doing they open the field of heart surgery. Helen Taussig , the pediatrician/cardiologist at Johns Hopkins, challenges Blalock to come up with a surgical solution for her Blue Babies. She needs a new ductus for them to oxygenate their blood and turn them pink. The film dramatizes Blalock\'s and Thomas\' fight to save the dying Blue Babies. Blalock praises Thomas\' surgical skill as being "like something the Lord made" and insists that Thomas coach him through the first Blue Baby surgery over the protests of Hopkins administrators. Yet outside the lab, they are separated by the prevailing racism of the time. Thomas attends Blalock\'s parties as a bartender, moonlighting for extra income, and when Blalock is honored for the Blue Baby work at the segregated Belvedere Hotel, Thomas is not among the invited guests. Instead, he watches from behind a potted palm at the rear of the ballroom. After Blalock\'s death, Thomas continued his work at Johns Hopkins training surgeons. At the end of the film, in a formal ceremony, Hopkins recognized Thomas\' work and awarded him an honorary doctorate. A portrait of Thomas was placed on the walls of Johns Hopkins next to Blalock\'s portrait, which had been hung there years earlier.'] ['This is a semi-autobiographical film about Sally Scowcroft  who is a mill worker who is plucked from obscurity and thrust towards fame and fortune by an ailing composer  who needs a singer to perform his work.'] ['Young Lane Frost  learns the tricks of the bull riding trade at the hand of his father, Clyde , an accomplished rodeo bronco rider himself. As he enters his teenage and early adult years  he travels the western rodeo circuit with his best friends Tuff Hedeman  and Cody Lambert ([[Red Mitchell . He meets and falls in love with a young barrel racer, Kellie Kyle, and eventually they marry in 1984. As Lane\'s legend and fame increase, so does the amount of pressure he puts on himself, to be what everyone wants him to be, and he wants to show that he is a good as they say he is. His ascent to the world championship is marred by a cheating incident, questions about his wife\'s devotion and a near broken neck. The film also follows him through the true life series between himself and Red Rock, a bull that no cowboy had ever been able to stay on for 8 seconds. It cuts the series down to three rides, when in reality it was seven . It culminates at the 1989 Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo; Lane is the second-to-last rider that day, riding on the bull known as "Takin\' Care Of Business". As he dismounts after his 8 second ride the bull turns back and hits him in the side with his horn, breaking some ribs and severing a main artery. As a result of excessive internal bleeding, he dies on the arena floor before he can be transported to the hospital. The final scene shows Hedeman later that same year at the National Finals Rodeo riding for the world championship. After the 8 second bell sounds, he continues to ride and stays on an additional 8 seconds as a tribute to his fallen best friend.'] ['Fresh out of pharmacy school, young Eddy Duchin travels to New York in the 1920s to take a job playing piano for bandleader Leo Reisman\'s orchestra. But upon arrival, Eddy learns there is no such job. A wealthy socialite, Marjorie Oelrichs, overhears his playing and takes a personal interest in Eddy. When he is invited to the home of her wealthy aunt and uncle, the Wadsworths, for a party, Eddy is disappointed to discover that he has been asked there merely to entertain. Having fallen in love, Marjorie goes so far as to propose marriage to Eddy rather than the other way around. She has secret fears that she expresses on their wedding night, and tragedy strikes when Marjorie giving birth to their child. An anguished Eddie abandons his baby boy, Peter, leaving him in the Wadsworths\' care, and goes away from New York for many years. He serves on a warship in the war. Finally persuaded to visit his son, he meets Peter\'s governess, a British woman named Chiquita, who grows on him after an uneasy start. Peter is learning to play the piano. Eddy has an engagement at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel, but his hand freezes while at the keyboard. He eventually is diagnosed with leukemia and has no more than a year to live. After he marries Chiquita, he can\'t bring himself to tell Peter about his illness, so he simply says that soon he\'ll be "going away." Peter ultimately learns the truth.'] ["Bettie Page is an ambitious, naïve, and devout young Christian woman who longs to leave Nashville, Tennessee following a childhood of sexual abuse, a failed wartime marriage, and a gang rape. In 1949, she departs for New York City, where she enrolls in an acting class. Amateur photographer Jerry Tibbs discovers her walking on the beach at Coney Island and she agrees to model for him. He suggests she restyle her hair with the bangs that would become her trademark. Bettie becomes a favorite of nature photographers , and she has no hesitation about removing her clothes for the photographers when asked. Before long images of the shapely brunette reach brother-and-sister entrepreneurs Paula and Irving Klaw, who run a respectable business selling movie stills and memorabilia but also deal with fetish photos, magazines, and 8- and 16-millimeter films for additional income. Their top model Maxie takes Bettie under her wing, and she soon finds herself wearing leather corsets and thigh-high boots while wielding whips and chains for photographer John Willie, frequently at the request of Little John, a mild-mannered attorney with unusual tastes. Bettie is innocently unaware of the sexual nature of the images that rapidly are making her a star in the underground world of bondage aficionados. Bettie is called to testify before a 1955 hearing, headed by Senator Estes Kefauver, investigating the effects of pornography on American youth. Though she waits patiently for 12 hours to answer the committee's questions, Kefauver  decides to not bring her before the committee and dismisses her without an explanation. When it becomes apparent that casting directors are more interested in her notoriety than in any acting talent she might possess, Bettie heads to Miami Beach. Drifting along with limited career prospects and a virtually nonexistent social life, she stumbles upon a small church, walks inside and embraces Jesus Christ during a religious service. Although she insists she's not ashamed of anything she has done in her life, she appears happy to leave her past behind and return to her spiritual roots by preaching the word of the Lord on street corners. Back in New York, Irving is stressed out and suffering from ill-health. He decides that he and his sister must burn their vast collection of erotic photos, and movie footage in order to avoid potential prosecution. Paula reluctantly complies with her brother's request, but secretly saves the negatives of many of Bettie's pictures and movies from the bonfire, therefore ensuring that Bettie's work will survive for future generations."] ["The pair meet at a Hollywood party, where rugged leading man Gable eschews evening wear and screwball comedienne Lombard arrives in an ambulance that wrecks his car. They argue. He threatens to spank her. She punches him on the jaw. The two clearly dislike each other, and intensely so, but as fate conspires to bring them together again and again, they begin to admire each other and fall in love. The fly in the ointment is Gable's second wife Ria. MGM executive Louis B. Mayer fears any publicity about his affair with Lombard will jeopardize Gable's career, and since he's the studio's most valuable player, Mayer becomes protective of his star. Gable and Lombard fish, play practical jokes on each other, laugh, fight, and have fun making up. His wife finally grants him a divorce, and the two wed. The happily ever after ending is thwarted when Lombard is killed in a plane crash while promoting the purchase of defense bonds during World War II."] ['Zapata  is part of a delegation sent to complain about injustices to corrupt longtime President Porfirio Díaz , but Díaz condescendingly dismisses their concerns. As a result, Zapata is driven to open rebellion, along with his brother Eufemio . He in the south and Pancho Villa  in the north unite under the leadership of naive reformer Francisco Madero ([[Harold Gordon . Díaz is finally toppled and Madero takes his place, but Zapata is dismayed to find that nothing is changed. The new regime is no less corrupt and self-serving than the one it replaced. His own brother sets himself up as a petty dictator, taking what he wants without regard for the law. The ineffectual but well-meaning Madero puts his trust in treacherous General Victoriano Huerta . Huerta first takes Madero captive and then has him murdered. Zapata himself is lured into an ambush and killed. Zapata is depicted in the film as an incorruptible rebel leader. He is guided by his desire to return the land to the peasants, who have been robbed, while forsaking his personal interest. Steinbeck meditates in the film on power, military and political, which corrupts men.'] ["By age 17, John Paul, a native of Scotland, is an experienced ship's navigator. In 1773, nine years later, he is master of a ship in the West Indies, but after an incident that results in the governor of Tobago advising him to leave, John Paul adds the surname Jones and goes to visit a brother who lives in Fredricksburg, Virginia. The brother has recently died. Jones hires his attorney, Patrick Henry, to assist in business matters. He also takes a romantic interest in Henry's sweetheart, Dorothea Danders. After serving as second-in-command of a battleship in the Bahamas, his adopted countrymen sign the Declaration of Independence. Jones gets his first command, sets sail toward Newfoundland{{dn}} and seizes 18 enemy ships, sending their supplies to American general George Washington. Washington sends the young officer to France, where he is appreciated for heroic feats at sea. Benjamin Franklin then urges Johns to take a frigate and invade the British Isles. A new vessel is built for him at the suggestion of Marie Antoinette, and the only condition of his majesty King Louis XVI is that Jones' ship fly under an American flag. Jones' successes ultimately lead him to Russia in 1790 at the behest of the empress, Catherine the Great. He gains acclaim as one of the most brave and daring naval figures of his time."] ['In this follow-up to The Jolson Story, we pick up the singer\'s career just as he has returned to the stage after a premature retirement. But his wife has left him and the appeal of the spotlight is not what it used to be. This time Jolson  trades in the stage for life in the fast lane: women, horses, travel. His father becomes increasingly concerned about his frivolous lifestyle. With the death of his mother  and the beginning of World War II, Jolson comes back to earth - and returns to the stage. Once again teamed with manager Steve Martin , Jolson travels the world entertaining troops everywhere from Alaska to Africa. When he finally collapses from exhaustion it takes young, pretty nurse Ellen Clark  to show him there\'s more to life than "just rushing around".'] ['The film charts the lives of the Krays from childhood, paying particular attention to how they were very close to their doting mother  and also the relationship between the twins, with Ronald  the more dominant and violent twin and Reginald  committing acts of violence primarily at the behest of his brother.'] ["The fictional story takes place during the Reign of Terror in France and centers around the Marquis de Sade  who is imprisoned on a country estate with several other noble families, all awaiting an uncertain future. The marquis relives the adventures of his youth and befriends a young woman, Emilie de Lancris , whom he instructs in the secrets of love. He also works to overcome the other inmates' resistance to his libertine philosophy."] ['A fictionalized account of the life of William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody. A hunter and Army Scout in the early part of his life, he rescues a US Senator and his beautiful daughter, Louisa Frederici. Cody is portrayed as someone who admires and respects the Indians and is a good friend of Yellow Hand who will eventually become Chief of the Cheyenne. Everyone else, including the military, politicians and businessmen on the other hand hate the Indians and are perfectly prepared to trample on their lands and destroy their buffalo hunting grounds. He\'s eventually forced to fight the Cheyenne however. He\'s also met a writer, Ned Buntline, who writes about Cody\'s exploits and he becomes a sensation when he travels East. His career is not assured however, particularly when he attacks those in positions of authority over their maltreatment of the Native American population. He eventually establishes his wild west show that becomes an international sensation.{{cite web}}'] ['Raised on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles Robinson went blind at the age of seven, shortly after witnessing his younger brother drown. Inspired by a fiercely independent mother who insisted he make his own way in the world, Charles found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the chitlin circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered incorporating gospel, country, jazz and orchestral influences into his inimitable style. As he revolutionized the way people appreciated music, he simultaneously fought segregation in the very clubs that launched him and championed artists’ rights within the corporate music business. The movie provides a portrait of Charles’ musical genius as he overcomes heroin addiction while transforming into one of his country’s most beloved performers.'] ['Diamond Jim Brady ([[Edward Arnold  is born to an Irish saloonkeeper and his wife in 1856, but is soon orphaned. At the age of thirty, working as baggage master at the Spuyten Duyvil train station, he rents a suit and a diamond from a pawn shop, and gets a job as a salesman; soon, he is the top salesman on the staff. While on a cross-continental sales trip, Brady rescues Mr. Fox  from a crooked salesman, but in the process they are forced to jump from the train. Brady soon discovers that Mr. Fox is trying to sell something called an "undertruck" to be used at railroad stations, so he takes on the product himself. With success, Brady wants to marry his sweetheart, Emma Perry , but finds out that she is engaged. Heartbroken, he devotes all of his energy to the Brady-Fox Company. A grand success, Brady has ostentatious diamond jewelry designed for him, leading to his nickname, "Diamond Jim Brady". Brady spares no expense to indulge his every whim, lavishing money on wine, women, song and especially food. Brady sees singer Lillian Russell  perform, introduces himself, and soon he is promoting her career and flirting with her. Russell, however, is in love with businessman Jerry Richardson . Brady soon meets Jane Matthews , a lookalike for Emma, and is instantly smitten with her. They become engaged, but on the eve of their wedding, Brady gets drunk because of his suspicions about Jane\'s relationship with a banker named "Briggs" who is supposedly her "uncle", and the wedding is called off. Jane remains his friend, but refuses to give in to his occasional proposals &ndash; for one thing, she has fallen in love with Jerry, but neither want to tell Brady for fear of hurting his feelings. When the stock market crashes, Brady loses his fortune, and starts again from scratch, promoting a steel railroad car for its supposed safety. He is injured during a public demonstration of the car, and spends a year recovering in the hospital, while at the same time rebuilding his fortune. When he gets out, he plans a trip to Europe for himself, Jane, Lillian and Jerry, during which he believe he will finally get Jane to marry him. Instead, Jane and Jerry confess their love, the news of which shatters Jim. On the rebound, he proposes to Lillian, but she rejects him as well. Despondent, he returns home and prepares to eat himself to death, but not before burning up all the I.O.U.\'s in his possession.'] ["A fictionalized version of the last three years of Beethoven's life, beginning with the composition of the Ninth Symphony.  It is set in 1824 as Beethoven  is finishing his new symphony. He is plagued by deafness, loneliness and personal trauma. A fictional character, a new copyist, Anna Holtz  is engaged to help the composer finish preparing the score for the first performance. Anna is a young conservatory student and aspiring composer. Her understanding of his work is such that she corrects mistakes he has made, while her personality opens a door into his private world. Beethoven is initially skeptical, but slowly comes to trust Anna's assistance and eventually grows fond of her. By the time the piece is performed, her presence is a necessity and she helps him conduct the premiere from a spot hidden amongst the orchestra. After the premiere, they collaborate and become closer. His eccentricities become more and more troublesome, but Anna continues to provide companionship. She eventually transcribes his compositions as he simply talks her through them."] ['Based on the life of Dame Nellie Melba, the film traces the career of Melba  from the time she left Australia, traveling to Paris to receive vocal training, meets a new suitor, and debuts her talent in Brussels. As her success grows, her former suitor from Australia arrives in Monte Carlo, convinces her to marry him, but then finds himself placed in the position of being "Mr. Melba". When he leaves her to return to Australia, Melba remains in Europe to continue singing.'] ['George Wallace follows the history of its namesake, commencing in the 1950s when Wallace was a circuit court judge in Barbour County, to his tenure as the most powerful Governor in Alabama\'s history. The film portrays Wallace as a complex man, detailing his stance on racial segregation in Alabama at the time, which proved popular with his white constituents. It also depicts Wallace\'s rise as a presidential hopeful&mdash;eventually leading to his attempted assassination&mdash;and his surprise victory in several states during the 1968 Presidential election. The movie also depicts his symbolic "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door", where Wallace attempted to block black students from entering the University of Alabama.'] ['{{cquote}} My Dinner with Jimi received the best screenplay award at the 2003 Slamdunk Film Festival in Park City, Utah, and was well received when it was shown as part of the Santa Monica Film Festival.'] ['The film opens with Buddy Holly\'s beginnings as a teenager in Lubbock, Texas and his emergence into the world of rock and roll with his fictional good friends and bandmates, drummer Jesse Charles  and bass player Ray Bob Simmons , soon to be known as The Crickets. Their first break comes when they are brought to Nashville, Tennessee to record, but Buddy\'s vision soon clashes with the producers\' rigid ideas of how the music should sound and he walks out. Eventually, he finds a more flexible producer, Ross Turner , who, after listening to their audition, very reluctantly allows Buddy and the Crickets to make music the way they want. While there, he meets Turner\'s secretary, Maria Elena Santiago . His budding romance with her nearly ends before it can begin, when her aunt initially refuses to let her date him, but Buddy persuades her to change her mind. On their very first date, Maria accepts his marriage proposal and they are soon wed. A humorous episode results from a misunderstanding in one of their early bookings. Sol Gittler  signs them up sight-unseen for the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem, assuming from their music that they\'re a black band. When three white Texans show up instead, he is stunned, but unwilling to pay them for doing nothing, he nervously lets them perform and prays fervently that the all-black audience doesn\'t riot at the sight of the first all-white band to play there.  After an uncomfortable start and an initially hostile crowd, Buddy\'s songs soon win them over and the Crickets are a tremendous hit. Gitler books them to come back several times. After two years, Ray Bob and Jesse decide to break up the band, feeling overshadowed by Buddy and not wanting to relocate to New York City. Initially, he is saddened by their departure, but he soldiers on. When Maria announces that she is pregnant, Buddy is delighted. On February 2, 1959, preparing for a concert at Clear Lake, Iowa, Holly decides to charter a private plane to fly to Moorhead, Minnesota for his next big concert. The Big Bopper and Ritchie Valens join him on the flight. Meanwhile, the Crickets, feeling nostalgic, appear unexpectedly at Maria\'s door, expressing their desire to reunite the band. They plan to surprise Buddy at his next tour stop. After playing his final song, "Not Fade Away", Holly bids the crowd farewell with "Thank you Clear Lake! C\'mon. We love you. We\'ll see you next year". A caption then reveals the deaths of Holly, Valens, and the Bopper in a plane crash that night...and the rest is Rock and Roll.'] ['In 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt  is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt  and his younger brother, Jimmy  run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. After Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off. Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure , a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy\'s help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman . In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati, but escapes jail time when the case is thrown out on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton , a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content. In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine. In 1983, Flynt undergoes surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. Flynt is soon in court again, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Jerry Falwell  tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel. By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt\'s courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.'] ['The film opens in 1922, as Joe O\'Reilly  attempts to console Kitty Kiernan , who is mourning the death of Michael Collins. The film flashes back to the end of the Easter Rising in 1916, as Collins , Harry Boland , Éamon de Valera , and other survivors surrender to the British Army. As the Dublin Metropolitan Police\'s "G" Division identifies the leaders, Collins tells Boland that next time, "We won\'t play by their rules, Harry. We\'ll invent our own." All the other leaders die by firing squad, but de Valera, an American citizen, is imprisoned in Britain. Collins, Boland, and the others are sent to Frongoch internment camp. After his release, Collins runs for a seat in the First Dáil. While giving a speech, the rally is attacked by the Royal Irish Constabulary. Collins is severely beaten, but is rescued by Boland. While recovering on a friend\'s farm, they meet Kitty, who begins a romance with Boland. Collins is tipped off by Detective Ned Broy  that the British plan to arrest de Valera and his Cabinet. However, de Valera forbids anyone to go into hiding, stating that the ensuing public outcry will force their immediate release. Only Collins and Boland escape arrest and imprisonment, and there are no protests. Left in command, Collins orders the IRA to begin raiding police barracks for weapons. He also issues a statement that all collaboration with the British will be punished by death. Collins then recruits a squad from the IRA\'s Dublin Brigade, which, on Bloody Sunday, assassinates fourteen members of MI5\'s Cairo Gang. In retaliation, the Black and Tans fire into the crowd at a Gaelic football match at Croke Park. Broy is caught burning documents and killed. Later, Boland and Collins travel to Britain and break de Valera out of Lincoln prison. Angry that Collins has overshadowed him, de Valera announces that he will travel to the United States to seek recognition from Woodrow Wilson, and orders Boland to accompany him. Before they depart, Collins informs Boland that de Valera fears leaving them alone together. After returning, de Valera decrees that the IRA must attack The Custom House. Collins argues that fighting conventionally will allow the British to win, but the Irish Cabinet votes to support de Valera. The attack fails catastrophically, leaving six men dead and seventy captured. In the aftermath, Collins declares that the IRA can only hold out for a month. In private, he tells Boland that the IRA will be lucky to hold out for another week. To his shock, however, the British soon call for a cease fire. Collins is ordered to London to participate in negotiations with the British, despite objecting that he is not a diplomat. After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in December 1921, de Valera erupts upon learning that the terms have been published without his agreement. Collins argues that the Treaty gives them the freedom to achieve the Republic. De Valera and his supporters resign in protest after the Dáil approves the Treaty by 64-57. Both Collins and de Valera try to sway the Irish people in their respective directions. Collins is attacked by an anti-Treaty Republican during a rally, but escapes. In the aftermath, he asks Kitty Kiernan to marry him and she accepts. When the people vote to approve the Treaty, de Valera refuses to accept the results and orders the IRA to seize the Four Courts in Dublin. Ordered by the Cabinet to retake the Four Courts, Collins is appalled at having to fight former comrades. Arthur Griffith, however, informs him that, if the Irish Free State Army will not deal with the IRA, the British Army will. In the subsequent Battle of Dublin, the IRA is driven from the city. Despite Collins\' attempts to capture him, Boland is shot by a sentry while trying to swim the Liffey. Devastated by Boland\'s death, Collins travels to County Cork. He reaches out to de Valera through an intermediary, asking for a peace conference. Without de Valera\'s knowledge, the intermediary informs Collins that de Valera will meet him at Béal na Bláth the following day. As a convoy of Irish Army vehicles approaches, IRA men open fire from a nearby hillside. Collins is shot and killed. Kitty is informed of his death just after trying on her wedding gown. Completing his story, O\'Reilly tells Kitty that Collins would not want her to mourn as long as she has. The film ends with a montage of footage from Collins\' funeral. A eulogy states that, although a career soldier, Collins died in a failed effort to remove the gun from Irish politics.'] ["The story begins in frontier-town Nauvoo, Illinois in 1844. It follows the main body of the Church as they are forced to leave Illinois, choosing to settle temporarily in Nebraska and then to travel by wagon train to the Great Basin. Much of the story's plot revolves around two of the group, Johnthan Kent and Zina Webb.http://www.imdb.com/titles/tt003228/ Brigham Young  film page at Internet Movie Database, accessed 13 November 2009"] ['The movie, set in 1967, is about the real-life sheriff Buford Pusser, who goes after a criminal who has killed young people with his illegal moonshine. Brian Dennehy plays Pusser. The rest of the cast include Ken Howard, Sheree North, Forrest Tucker, and Brian Kerwin.'] ['Griet  is a shy girl living in the Dutch Republic in 1665. Her father, a Delftware painter, has recently gone blind, rendering him unable to work and putting his family in a precarious financial situation. Consequently, Griet is sent to work as a maid in the unhappy household of the painter Johannes Vermeer . Griet works hard, almost wordlessly, in the lowest position in a harsh hierarchy, where even one of the Vermeer\'s children treats her spitefully. On a routine shopping trip outside the house, a butcher\'s son, Pieter , is quickly taken with Griet, though she is slow to return his affections. As Griet cleans Vermeer\'s studio, which his wife Catharina  never enters, they become casually acquainted and he encourages her appreciation of painting, light and color. Vermeer gives her lessons in mixing paints and other tasks, taking care to keep this secret from his thin-lipped wife, who would react very jealously if she found out that her husband was spending time with Griet. In contrast, Vermeer\'s pragmatic mother-in-law, Maria Thins , sees Griet as useful to Vermeer\'s career. Vermeer\'s rich patron Van Ruijven  notices Griet on a visit to the Vermeer household and asks the painter if he will give her up to him to work in his own house, a situation which ruined a previous girl. Vermeer refuses, but accepts a commission to paint a portrait of Griet for Van Ruijven. As Vermeer secretly works on the eponymous painting, Catharina\'s growing jealousy of Griet becomes apparent. While Griet suffers through her fascination with Vermeer and his paintings, she also has to fend off Van Ruijven\'s attempt to rape her. Soon afterwards, Catharina\'s mother summons Griet, hands over her daughter\'s pearl earrings and instructs Griet to finish the painting while Catharina is away for the day. At the final painting session Vermeer pierces Griet\'s earlobe so she can wear one of the pearl earrings for the portrait, in the process sexually arousing Griet, who then runs to Pieter to be consoled. In the aftermath, Pieter proposes marriage, but she sadly turns him down. She then returns the earrings to Catharina\'s mother. Catharina discovers that Griet used her earrings, accusing her mother of complicity and orders Vermeer to show her the painting he and Griet have been working on. Heartbroken that Vermeer does not consider her worthy of being painted because she "doesn\'t understand," Catharina tries but fails to destroy the painting, then banishes Griet from the house forever. Vermeer does not object, and Griet leaves the house in shock. Later, Griet is visited by the cook from the house, who comes bearing a gift: a sealed packet containing the blue headscarf she wore in the painting, which is wrapped around Catharina\'s pearl earrings.'] ['The film follows Kaspar Hauser , who lived the first seventeen years of his life chained in a tiny cellar with only a toy horse to occupy his time, devoid of all human contact except for a man who wears a black overcoat and top hat who feeds him. One day, in 1828, the same man takes Hauser out of his cell, teaches him a few phrases, and how to walk, before leaving him in the town of Nuremberg. Hauser becomes the subject of much curiosity, and is exhibited in a circus before being rescued by Herr Daumer , who patiently attempts to transform him. Hauser soon learns to read and write, and develops unorthodox approaches to logic and religion, but music is what pleases him most. He attracts the attention of academics, clergy, and nobility, but is then physically attacked by the same unknown man who brought him to Nuremberg. The attack leaves him unconscious with a bleeding head. He recovers but is again mysteriously attacked, this time stabbed in the chest. Hauser rests in bed describing visions he has had of nomadic Berbers in the Sahara Desert, and then dies. An autopsy reveals an enlarged liver and cerebellum.'] ["Both the Duke and Duchess have an eye for beauty and other partners. The Duke presently fancies a young woman who poses as an artist's model. The Duchess has her eye on the famous artist, Benvenuto Cellini, who is in the palace making a set of gold plate to be used at ducal banquets. Cellini purportedly hypnotizes young women, and cuckolds the Duke of Florence. The somewhat oblivious Duke is loath to punish the young man, for Cellini fashions gold wares for him, but throws him into the torture chamber. However, a goblet of poisoned wine solves the problem."] ["In 1890s San Francisco, boxing is illegal. James J. Corbett , a brash young bank teller, attends a match with his friend Walter Lowrie . When a police raid nets Judge Geary, a member of the board of directors of Corbett's bank, Corbett's fast talking gets his superior out of trouble. The judge is looking to improve the image of boxing by recruiting men from more respectable backgrounds and having them fight under the Marquess of Queensberry rules. He has even imported British coach Harry Watson ([[Rhys Williams  to evaluate prospects. Watson finds that Corbett, raised in a combative Irish immigrant family headed by Pat Corbett , has excellent fighting skills; Geary likes his protégé's seemingly-polished manner. However, Corbett's arrogance irritates many of the upper class, particularly Victoria Ware . They clash frequently, but Corbett is attracted to her, and his limitless self-confidence and charm eventually overcome her distaste for him. Meanwhile, Corbett becomes a professional prizefighter. He acquires a manager, Billy Delaney , and introduces a new, more sophisticated style of boxing, emphasizing footwork over the unscientific brawling epitomized by world champion John L. Sullivan . After winning several matches, Corbett finally gets the opportunity to take on the great man. Corbett's method of boxing baffles Sullivan, and Corbett wins not only the title, but also Victoria. The victory over Sullivan, crowning Corbett as new Heavyweight Champion sets up one of most touching and best acted film scenes in Flynn's career. Corbett's victory party is unexpectedly interrupted by the defeated Sullivan. The former champ has come to personally bestow the championship belt to Corbett. It is Ward Bond's scene, , on paper, but Flynn's masterful underplaying, showing just the right amount of humility and respect for his fallen foe is something to behold and proves beyond a doubt Flynn possessed considerable acting skills."] ['On May 19, 1927, pilot Charles A. "Slim" Lindbergh  tries to rest in a hotel near Roosevelt Field on Long Island, New York. He has been waiting for a week for the rain to stop so he can attempt the first successful nonstop solo transatlantic flight from New York to Paris. While Lindbergh tries to fall asleep, his friend Frank Mahoney  guards his hotel room door from reporters who have also been waiting for a break in the weather. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh reminisces about his recent days as an airmail pilot flying from St. Louis to Chicago. Flying to Chicago in winter, Lindbergh lands his old de Havilland biplane in a small airfield to refuel. Despite the bad weather, Lindbergh takes off, unaware that the Chicago landing field has closed due to snow. Lindbergh\'s aircraft ices up and stalls, forcing him to parachute out with the mailbag. He continues his journey by train and meets a suspender salesman who tells Lindbergh that two airmen just died competing for the Orteig Prize to be awarded to the first pilots to fly from New York City to Paris , nonstop. From a diner at Lambert Flying Field in St. Louis, Lindbergh calls Columbia Aircraft Corporation in New York City, pretending to represent a group of prominent businessmen. Lindbergh is quoted the price of $15,000  for a Bellanca aircraft. For the next six weeks, Lindbergh presents his idea of entering the competition to St. Louis financiers and prominent St. Louis citizens, explaining he can cross the ocean in 40 hours in a single-engine aircraft if he strips it of all non-essential weight, allowing room for extra fuel tanks. The men are excited by Lindbergh\'s vision and name the aircraft, Spirit of St. Louis. At the request of his backers, Lindbergh travels to San Diego, California to check out a small aircraft factory, Ryan Aeronautical Company. There he meets Mahoney, the president of the company, who promises to build him an aircraft in just 90 days. At the factory, Frank, Lindbergh, and Ryan\'s chief engineer Donald Hall  agree on a design. To decrease weight, Lindbergh refuses to install radios or heavy equipment and plans to navigate by "dead reckoning" . In the race to complete the aircraft ahead of schedule, workers at the factory agree to work 24-hour shifts. Lindbergh learns that two pilots, who were vying for the Orteig Prize, were killed during their flight test. When the Ryan aircraft is complete, Lindbergh flies his new aircraft to St. Louis, and then on to New York. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh leaves his hotel room and goes to Roosevelt Field, where his aircraft is being filled with three hundred gallons of fuel. To decrease weight, he even eliminates the parachute. Because of limited space in the cockpit, the magnetic compass was placed in an awkward position. A young woman offers her mirror, which is then glued into place for the pilot\'s view. When Lindbergh is not watching, Mahoney slips a Saint Christopher medal into the pilot\'s lunch bag. With the weather clearing, Lindbergh and the heavy Spirit of St. Louis trundle down the muddy runway and barely clear the treetops at the end of the field. Every hour, Lindbergh switches fuel tanks to keep the weight load balanced. As he flies over Cape Cod, he realizes he has not slept in 28 hours. He remembers back to times when he slept on railroad tracks, on short bunk beds, and under a windmill. When Lindbergh begins to doze aboard the Spirit of St. Louis, he is awakened by a fly. When he flies over Nova Scotia and sees a motorcyclist below, he remembers his own Harley-Davidson, which he traded for his first aircraft, a war-surplus Curtiss Jenny. As Lindbergh flies over the seemingly endless Atlantic, he remembers barnstorming across the Midwest and performing dangerous stunts in a flying circus. At the 16th hour, as darkness descends, he worries that an engine cylinder might crack from the cold. The sight of a "white ship", which he soon realizes is an iceberg, is evidence that he is near the Arctic Circle. After 18 hours, the aircraft\'s wings ice up and the engine stalls. The Spirit of St. Louis begins to drop, but the ice breaks off in the warmer air and he is able to restart the engine. Back on course, Lindbergh discovers that his compasses are malfunctionings, forcing him to navigate by the stars. By dawn, he is so tired he falls asleep, causing the aircraft to circle and descend, but sunlight reflecting off the mirror awakens him in time to regain control. After Lindbergh sees a seagull and realizes he is close to land, he tries without success to hail a fisherman below. He soon sights land and determines from map features that he has reached Dingle Bay, Ireland. As he reaches for one of his sandwiches, Lindbergh discovers the hidden Saint Christopher medal. Hanging the medal on the instrument panel, he flies on, crossing the English Channel and then up the coast of France, following the Seine to Paris. Once again the engine cuts out, from lack of fuel, but he is able to recover by switching tanks. Evening descends and Lindbergh finally sees the lights of Paris ahead of him. As he approaches Le Bourget Airfield, he is confused by the spotlights. He doesn\'t understand that the strange movements below him are actually crowds of people. Exhausted and panicked, Lindbergh makes his descent whispering a prayer, "Oh, God help me!" After landing, hordes of people rush to Lindbergh, blind him with camera flashes, and carry him off triumphantly to the hangar. Tired and confused, Lindbergh eventually realizes that the crowds are cheering for his great achievement. When Lindbergh returns to New York, he is given a huge parade in his honor.'] ["Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  finds himself without adequate funding to finance his war against the military-run government. He also finds himself at odds with the Americans because of the Hearst media empire's press campaign against him. To counter both of these threats, he sends emissaries to movie producers to convince them to pay to film his progress and the actual battles. Producer D.W. Griffith  is immediately interested and convinces Mutual Film Studios boss Harry E. Aitkin to send a film crew. Aitkin's nephew Frank Thayer is initially a mere errand boy for the studio, but he makes a good impression with Villa, who demands that Thayer be placed in charge of the project. Thayer and a camera crew team film Villa leading his men to victory in battle. Despite the failure of this initial footage  Thayer convinces Aitkin to invest even more money in a second attempt, and also convinces Villa to participate in making a more narrative film. Thayer returns to Mexico with a director, actors, producers, cameramen and screen writers, and begin to film Villa's previous exploits using a younger actor. The filming goes well, although Villa becomes angry that the screenwriters and the director have changed history to make a more dramatic film. However, he agrees to do a cameo appearance as an older version of himself. Meanwhile, Frank begins a romance with actress Teddy Sampson  whom he's had a crush on since they first met. One night Villa announces that they will attack a Federal held fort at Torreon and win the revolution. The film's director and his crew tell Villa that they are not coming with him to film the battle. Villa scares them into going to the battle by having a firing squad shoot over their heads. The next morning, Villa assembles his men to attack Torreon. Thayer and his team go into film the action. After a skirmish on the way to the fort, Villa's army arrives at Torreon and lays siege to the fortress. Villa orders an attack and personally leads the charge. Villa's army is initially successful, but they suffer heavy casualties and are forced to withdraw. That night, Villa orders his army to bombard Torreon into submission, and, after a long, brutal bombardment, Villa's cavalry finish off the last of Torreon's Federal defenders. However, Thayer and his camera crew team witness Villa personally shooting a Mexican widow in cold blood with his handgun during the aftermath of the battle. Disgusted, the team leaves. 'The Life of General Villa' is shown in theaters in America, and to great success, although Thayer and his camera crew members regret making the film. Nine years later General Villa is driving his car with an associate and two of his bodyguards through Parral, Chihuahua. His car is flagged down by a Mexican civilian, when several Federals suddenly pop up with machine guns. Villa reaches for his pistol, but is shot several times and is killed."] ["The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's. It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary. Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence. Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows. Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi. The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her  husband. The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralyzed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies. The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls."] ["John Chisum , a virtuous, patriarchal land baron, locks horns with greedy Lawrence Murphy , who will stop at nothing to get control of the trade and even the law in Lincoln County. Chisum is an aging rancher with an eventful past and a paternalistic nature towards his companions and community. Murphy, a malevolent land developer, plans to take control of the county for his own personal gain. The story begins with Murphy's men tipping off Mexican rustlers who plan to steal Chisum's horses. Chisum and his sidekick Pepper  stop the bandits with help from a newcomer to the area, William Bonney , also known as Billy the Kid. A notorious killer, Billy has been given a chance to reform by Chisum's philanthropic neighbor, rancher John Tunstall . Billy also falls for Chisum's newly arrived niece, Sallie . Murphy is buying up all the stores in town and using his monopoly to push up the prices. He appoints his own sheriff and deputies. He also brings in a lawyer, Alex McSween , whose principles lead him to switch sides and seek work with Chisum and Tunstall. The two ranchers set up their own bank and general store in town under McSween's control. Chisum's land and cattle remain targets. Murphy's men attempt to steal Chisum's cattle before he can sell them to the Army. Chisum's ranch hands are warned by Pat Garrett , a passing buffalo hunter. Garrett agrees to help Chisum and soon befriends Bonney. Together they foil an attack by Murphy's men on the wagons bringing in provisions for the new store. Fed up with Murphy's underhand activities, Tunstall rides off to Santa Fe to seek the intervention of Gov. Sam Axtell ([[Alan Baxter . On the way he is intercepted by Murphy's deputies, who falsely accuse him of cattle rustling and shoot him dead. Chisum and Garrett hunt down the deputies and ride them back towards town for trial. Bonney, seeking revenge for the murder of his mentor, overpowers Garrett and shoots dead both deputies. Before Sheriff Brady  can organise a posse, Billy rides into town and kills him too. Murphy appoints bounty hunter Dan Nodeen  as the new sheriff, giving him orders to hunt down Bonney. Nodeen has a score to settle, as a previous encounter with Bonney has left him with a permanent limp. Billy's plans for revenge are only just beginning. He breaks into McSween's store looking for dynamite. He is spotted by Nodeen, who gets Murphy's men to surround the store. McSween comes out unarmed but Nodeen shoots him in cold blood. Chisum is alerted by McSween's wife  and rides into town. The main street is blocked, so Chisum stampedes his cattle through the barricades. He tracks down Murphy and takes him on in a fist fight which ends with both men falling from a balcony. Murphy ends up impaled on steer horns. With his paymaster dead, Nodeen flees with Billy in pursuit. The film ends with Garrett taking over as sheriff and settling down with Sallie. It's been learned that General Lew Wallace takes over as governor of the area. With law and order restored, Chisum can resume his iconic vigil over the Pecos valley."] ['Salvatore Giuliano, the infamous bandit who, together with his rag-tag band of guerrillas, attempted to liberate early 1950s Sicily from Italian rule and make it an American state. Giuliano robs from the rich conservative landowners to give to the peasants, who in turn hail him as their savior. As his popularity grows, so does his ego, and he eventually thinks he is above the power of his backer, Mafia Don Masino Croce. The Don, in turn, sets out to kill the upstart by convincing his cousin and closest adviser Gaspare to assassinate him.'] ['The film shows Peter Sellers as a complex and tormented genius,Rottentomatoes reviews and shows the many masks he wore and characters he played as an actor.Drax Review The role of Sellers was acted by Geoffrey Rush, "who approached the role with the enthusiasm of a hungry child in a candy store," notes a reviewer.Smith, Danny. "Giving Peter Sellers a Chance: Danny Smith talks to Jerzy Kosinski", Third Way, Feb. 1981 pp. 22-23 and in a BBC interview in 1971, Sellers himself said that more than anything else, he wanted to play the role of Chance. Being There  is shown to be the one film about which Sellers was truly passionate since it gave him an opportunity to display his skills as an actor, not just as a comedian . Sellers is also shown aspiring to be a leading man in the James Bond satire Casino Royale which prompts ridicule from the film\'s crew.'] ["{{Expand section}} This is the life story of Spaniard Ramón Sampedro, who fought a 29-year campaign to win the right to end his own life with dignity. The film explores Ramón's relationships with two women: Julia, a lawyer suffering from Cadasil syndrome, who supports his cause, and Rosa, a local woman who wants to convince him that life is worth living. Through the gift of his love, these two women are inspired to accomplish things they never previously thought possible. Despite his wish to die, Ramón taught everyone he encountered the meaning, value and preciousness of life. Though he could not move himself, he had an uncanny ability to move others."] ['The New York Times wrote this summary overview: "Dana Delany stars in this made-for-TV movie as Margaret Sanger, a nurse who, in 1914, became a pioneering crusader for women\'s reproductive rights after she published a booklet on birth control techniques that flew in the face of a law established by Anthony Comstock  forbidding the dissemination of information on contraception. Sanger later helped to establish America\'s first birth control clinic in 1916, and in 1925 was one of the founders of Planned Parenthood."{{cite news}}'] ['In the Gay Nineties, on New York\'s Bowery, saloon owner Chuck Connors , finds that his rival, Steve Brodie , has thrown a muskmelon at his window. The happy-go-lucky Brodie explains that he threw the melon on a dare. As Connors threatens to fight him, the two learn of a fire in neighboring Chinatown. Both men call upon their volunteer fire brigades, and wager $100 on which will be the first to throw water on the fire. Although Brodie is first to arrive, he finds Connor\'s young pal, Swipes McGurk , sitting on a barrel placed over the fire hydrant preventing Brodie from using it first. Connors arrives and the rival fire fighters brawl as the fire reduces the building to a smoldering ruin, presumably incinerating the crowd of Chinese trapped inside who had been screaming for help at the window. Brodie vows revenge on Connors, leading to a $500 bet that a fighter, whom Brodie calls "The Masked Marvel," can beat "Bloody Butch" a prizefighter managed by Conners. Conners accepts, and the "Marvel" knocks out Bloody Butch with one punch. After the fight, the "Marvel" is revealed to be John L. Sullivan . Connors meets a homeless girl named Lucy Calhoun  and takes her to his apartment, where he lives with Swipes, and lets her spend the night. In the morning, he is pleasantly surprised , to find that Lucy has cleaned up the place and cooked breakfast. Swipes later locks Lucy in a closet and, when Connors finds her, spanks him. Humiliated, Swipes packs and leaves. That night, Brodie invites Swipes to move in with him, which he does. Finding out about Lucy, Brodie attempts to seduce her, thinking that she is Connors\' mistress. She bites his hand, drawing blood, and after learning her identity, he apologizes and asks if he can call on her. They soon fall in love, and Brodie reveals his ambition to run a saloon bigger than Connors\'. When two brewers offer to sponsor him if he can bring his name into prominence, Brodie decides to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge as a stunt. Connors bets his saloon against a free burial that Brodie won\'t survive. Scheming to avoid actually jumping, Brodie gets a life-sized dummy made up to look like him and arranges for Swipes to throw it off the bridge at the time of the jump. As a crowd of 100,000 gathers at the bridge, Swipes finds the dummy missing. Swipes observes, in dialogue that sounds eerily current to the modern ear, "They were hip to us so they copped it." Despite Swipes\'s pleas, and left without any other option, Brodie vows to make the jump anyway, so that no one can say he didn\'t take a dare. Meanwhile, temperance activist Carrie Nation and her band of women arrive at Connors\' saloon to tear it down with axes and hatchets. When he sees Brodie lifted in a parade after making the jump, however, Connors encourages the acivists to destroy the saloon, which they do. Brodie re-opens the refurbished saloon, and when war is declared against Spain, Connors enlists in an effort to get away from the Bowery, where he is no longer a big shot. When he returns to his apartment to pack, he finds that Swipes has returned, and learns that Brodie in fact did not jump from the bridge, and shows him the dummy. Connors demands Brodie give his saloon back. Brodie denies using the dummy, and the two have a long fight on a barge in the East River to settle their differences. After Connors returns victorious, he is arrested for assault and battery with intent to kill. Brodie, however, refuses to implicate him. As Brodie recovers, Connors visits his hospital only to begin another fight, but Swipes stops them and urges them to become friends. After they shake hands, Connors dares Brodie to join him in Cuba. At a parade for departing soldiers, Connors tells Lucy to kiss Brodie goodbye, and after she does, she also kisses Connors. The men lament not being able to say goodbye to Swipes, but they soon see, to their delight, that he is hiding in an artillery box on the supply wagon just ahead of them.'] ['Jerry Lee Lewis  plays piano  during rock \'n\' roll\'s early years from 1956 to 1958. Jerry Lee is a man with many different sides: a skilled performer with little discipline, and an alcoholic. As Jerry Lee rises to the top of the charts with such hits as "Crazy Arms", "Whole Lotta Shakin\' Goin On", and "Great Balls of Fire", he falls in love with Myra Gale Brown , the 13-year-old daughter of his first cousin  J. W. Brown ([[John Doe , and eventually marries her, ([[elopement , much to the anger and chagrin of her parents. A subplot deals with Jerry Lee\'s relationship with another cousin, evangelist Jimmy Swaggart , who, during this period, was a struggling Pentacostal preacher. Jimmy\'s career kept him in constant conflict with his cousin\'s wild rock \'n\' roll career and brings out some uncomfortable exchanges between the two. The now-financially successful Jerry Lee buys a new car and gives it to his cousin, and when Jimmy praises the Lord for the gift, Jerry Lee replies, "Don\'t thank Jesus, thank Jerry Lee Lewis!" While Jerry Lee is touring in England, a British reporter discovers he is married to his teenage cousin. Jerry Lee is then condemned as a child molester and a pervert by the public. As a result, his British tour is cancelled and he is deported from England. It doesn\'t diminish Jerry Lee\'s confidence that his career will continue. However, the scandal follows him back to the States. Jerry Lee resigns to alcoholism when record sales and concert attendances are significantly down. He is furious when requested to print a public apology in Billboard and becomes increasingly abusive toward Myra. It was during one of these abusive episodes that Myra informs Jerry Lee that she is pregnant, and he collapses into Myra\'s arms, crying hysterically. Jerry Lee and Myra attend a church service conducted by Swaggart. When Jimmy offers one more chance to become saved and get right with God, Jerry Lee again refuses, declaring, "If I\'m going to hell, I\'m going there playing the piano!" The caption preceding the closing credits reads, "Jerry Lee Lewis is playing his heart out somewhere in America tonight."'] ['In 1823 Washington, Major O\'Neal  and his daughter Margaret "Peggy" O\'Neal  run an inn that is frequented by politicians. Peggy\'s outspoken and astute opinions have earned the admiration of men such as Andrew Jackson  and Daniel Webster . Virginia senator John Randolph , with whom Peggy is secretly in love, seems only to regard her as a child. When new inn resident "Bow" Timberlake ([[Robert Taylor  refers to Peggy as a "tavern girl," however, John slaps him. Bow soon falls in love with Peggy himself and proposes, but she refuses, then goes to John\'s room one night to confess her love for him. He sends her away, thinking that she is too young and does not really mean it, but begins to have a change of heart. When he finally realizes that they are both in love, however, he learns from Bow that Peggy has finally consented to marry him. Peggy again talks to John about their future, but John again rejects her, thinking that the younger Bow would be a more suitable husband. Because he is an officer on the {{USS}}, Bow must leave for a three month tour of duty shortly after their wedding. When the Constitution returns to Washington, Peggy learns that Bow has died. In 1828, Jackson is elected president amid a campaign of mud slinging aimed at his beloved Rachel , whom he inadvertently married before her divorce from her first husband was final. Soon after the election, Rachel dies after asking Peggy to look after Jackson. Peggy then becomes the president\'s official hostess and confidante, causing many of the Washington political wives to gossip and snub her. At the same time, Jackson comes under political fire from Southerners such as Randolph, who feels he has turned against them by his stand on state rights. At a ball, Peggy is excited to see John after his five-year absence from Washington and asks him to dance with her before dinner. When her childhood friend, "Rowdy" Dow, wants to fight Southern senator John C. Calhoun ([[Frank Conroy  because of an insulting remark about Peggy, however, she interrupts and asks him to dance instead. Seeing Rowdy and Peggy dancing, John returns home, but is followed by Peggy, who once again professes her love. This time, John admits his own love and the two plan to marry. Soon after telling Jackson what has happened, however, Peggy realizes that differing political views will never allow her and John to be happy, and they part. A short time later, Secretary of War John Eaton , who has loved Peggy for years, proposes. She is fond of him, and believes, like Jackson, that marriage will bring her respectability. A year later, Rowdy comes to visit and tells Peggy that John Randolph has been shot and is near death. She asks Rowdy to take her to see her John, who was shot by Sunderland , a Southerner trying to prevent him from revealing to Jackson a proposed violent rebellion. John dies contentedly after Peggy\'s visit. On the way back to Washington, Peggy and Rowdy\'s coach is accosted by Sunderland, who demands safe passage to Washington in exchange for not revealing that he has seen them. Rowdy throws him out, but soon Jackson\'s cabinet members and their wives come to him to demand that Peggy be sent away from Washington. When Peggy arrives at the meeting, Jackson lies by saying she was sent to see John Randolph by him and that Rowdy was asked by John Eaton to accompany her. Jackson then demands the resignation of his entire cabinet, except for Eaton. This somewhat mirrors the actual events, known as the "Petticoat affair". Finally, Peggy, who knows that even Jackson\'s kind lie will not lead to her acceptance in Washington, asks him to send John Eaton as the special envoy to Spain where she knows that they will find contentment.'] ['The film follows the life of David Marshall Williams , who invented the semi-automatic M1 Carbine used in World War II. Williams was found distilling illegal moonshine, and was held responsible for the death of a federal officer during a raid on his still. He was sentenced to thirty years hard labor. He cycled through the prison system, until a firm, but compassionate warden, H.T.&nbsp;Peoples  allowed him to work in a prison tool shop. There he invented the gas system for his famous rifle, and eventually was released from prison in 1929 and worked with Winchester Firearms on development of the M1 Carbine.'] ['In the early 1900s, actor Lon Chaney  is working in vaudeville with his wife Cleva . Chaney quits the show and Cleva announces that she is pregnant. Lon is happy and tells Cleva that he has been hired by the famous comedy team Kolb and Dill for an upcoming show. Cleva pressures Lon to visit his parents  in his hometown of Colorado Springs. Lon is reluctant because his parents are both deaf mutes, a fact Lon has never shared. Cleva reacts with disgust and does not want to give birth, fearing that the child will also be a deaf mute and she doesn\'t want to be the mother of a "dumb thing." Months later, the baby Creighton is born and it soon becomes clear that the child is not deaf. Despite this good news, Lon\'s and Cleva\'s marriage continues to erode over the next few years. Soon she takes a job as a singer in a nightclub, dropping young Creighton off to his father backstage at his theater before being driven to work. Lon has developed a close but platonic friendship with chorus girl Hazel Hastings . Hazel is happy to help look after young Creighton. After the child gets sick at the theater, Lon complains to Cleva\'s employer, who reluctantly agrees to terminate her. When confronting his wife in her dressing room, Lon discovers that Cleva has been dating Bill, a wealthy patron. Cleva learns she\'s been fired and reacts by screaming, which causes Bill to enter the dressing room. Bill comforts her and then asks Lon who he is. Lon responds by telling Bill that he is from the collection agency, and that he is here to collect his wife. Bill looks at Cleva with contempt and walks away. Lon returns to the theater, where he discovers Hazel being accosted in the corridor by a tall, thin man. Lon punches the man in the face and tells him to get up. Hazel explains that he can\'t and the man lifts up his trousers to the knee, revealing two wooden legs. He is Carl Hastings, her former husband, once rational, but now consumed with bitterness as the result of his accident. Cleva enters the dressing room to find Lon with his hands on Hazel\'s shoulders. Cleva screams that she will not go back to being a "nurse maid" so that he can play around with a chorus girl. Cleva leaves home and vanishes. Days later, Lon is performing a dance routine in clown makeup at a matinee when a totally deranged Cleva walks on stage and swallows a bottle of acid in front of an audience, permanently damaging her vocal cords. Cleva is hospitalized, but runs away once more. The scandal essentially destroys Lon\'s career in vaudeville. The state takes custody of young Creighton as they deem his home situation to be unsuitable, causing Lon to react angrily. On the advice of press agent Clarence Locan , Lon moves to Hollywood to try his luck in the new field of motion pictures. After starting as an extra, Lon\'s tireless work ethic, and his expertise at makeup, make him an in-demand bit player and later a feature player. Lon is cast in the silent film The Miracle Man as a man thought to be physically challenged who is seemingly cured by a faith healer. His success starts him on the road to stardom in such films as The Hunchback of Notre Dame and The Phantom of the Opera. As his career soars, Lon face personal challenges. Although he marries Hazel and regains custody of Creighton, ex-wife Cleva reappears, seeking to spend time with Creighton . Hazel reveals the truth to Creighton, who leaves to stay with his mother, angry with Lon about the deception. Lon becomes ill on the set of the sound version of The Unholy Three and is diagnosed with bronchial cancer. Hazel and Locan decide to  hide the truth of his condition from him. Creighton  reconciles with his father and they take a fishing trip at Lon\'s mountain cabin. After returning from his fishing trip, Lon collapses and is returned home to live out his final days. On his deathbed, the dying Chaney  reverts to the sign language of his childhood to express his love for his friends and family and to ask for forgiveness for unspecified transgressions. Lon signals Creighton to bring him his makeup box. He removes a stick of greasepaint and ads a "Jr." to his own name on the box, signaling to his son his desire for him to carry on his life\'s work. Creighton leaves with box in hand, ready to start his film career as Lon Chaney, Jr.'] ["The film tells of Che Guevara , a young Argentine doctor who proves his mettle during the Cuban guerilla war in the late 1950s. He gains the respect of his men and becomes the leader of a patrol. Fidel Castro  is impressed by Guevara's tactics and discipline and makes him his chief advisor. When Castro defeats Cuban dictator Batista after two years of fighting, Guevara directs a series of massive reprisals, yet, Guevara dreams of fomenting a worldwide revolution. After Castro backs down during the Cuban Missile Crisis, Guevara accuses Castro of being a Soviet tool and decides to leave Cuba. Guevara lands in Bolivia, where he attempts to begin his dream of a worldwide peasant revolution, but the Bolivian peasants do not follow his lead and he becomes pursued by the Bolivian army."] ["Thomas Jane plays Neal Cassady, a beatnik who is partly responsible for bringing together many of the famous beat generation figures. Neal is a unique soul, poetic and a dreamer. But he is caught between the excitement of the life of a drifter and the chance of a traditional home. Told from Neal's perspective, in a form of a letter, it follows his life before and after the suicide attempt by his longtime love, Joan  and how it altered him. Demonstrating Neal's active mind and ever changing thoughts, the film jumps back and forth between before and after the attempt. During the credits, as Neal starts to write his letter, the viewer experiences his odd attention span and his schizophrenic like ability to talk to himself. The story begins the day of Joan's suicide attempt, with Neal sitting in the hall outside Joan’s hospital room, his normally happy, excited personality replaced by sadness. He enters her room and onto her hospital bed, being close and making her feel better. It is an intimate but awkward moment. It then jumps to the day before the suicide attempt, where a rain soaked Neal whisks Joan away from her job. They have an intimate night together. After, she sits on the bed, sad, but Neal keeps professing his love to her. It again returns to the hospital room, silence between them. Neal is told he has to leave. Working the night shift at a tire plant with Jerry , an older man, quiet and reserved. During their “lunch” shift, Neal tells Jerry about trying to get on the day shift, but couldn’t because it was about seniority issue. He asks Jerry why he doesn’t go for the day shift, since he’s been around for years. Jerry responds to his repeated questioning telling Neal “a man’s got his reasons. Remember and respect that.“ He tells him the dream he had, where he was wearing a suit and having children. Neal goes to a local pool hall to meet a friend, Harry . Ever the ladies’ man, Neal asks to meet the girls and instantly they are smitten. Playing a game of pool, Harry asks about Joan and Neal says she’s hanging in there. Back to the night of the suicide, Neal sleeps as Joan lays awake. While Neal slept, she went into the bathroom. Afterward, Neal discovers her in the bathroom, screaming out at seeing her lifeless body. It cuts back to the hospital hallway, Neal sitting on the floor. He tells the nurse he just can’t go into the room. Neal stands up and walks down the hall and leaves, never to return to the hospital, but always in his thoughts. The story moves ahead, with Ben  visiting Neal, waking him to tell him about the fabulous story of how he got a loaf of bread for saving a lady’s cat. He then asks Neal if he has been back to the hospital to which Neal replies no. It cuts ahead to Neal wide awake, drinking coffee and eating bread with Ben. In a manic state, Neal, speaking a mile a minute, tells Ben about the story he has come up with, to write about. Next it moves through Neal doing various things: sitting, talking to himself, writing and working out. They return to the pool hall where Harry suggests the two of them take the girls out on a road trip in a stolen car. Neal tells of how over his life, he must have stolen over 500 cars. They all drive out into the country, flying down the roads. Neal and one girl go out into the woods together and Harry and the other stay in the car. Back at the tire plant, Jerry finds Neal obviously high. He saves Neal from getting in trouble. That winter, Neal is with Jerry during their break. He asks again of why Jerry is working the tire plant with him. Jerry tells him that he started on days until his wife died in an accident. Jerry tells him he can’t sleep at night because of the creaking so he works nights because it’s quiet, with the exception of Neal. He shows Neal a picture of his wife and his daughter who he hasn’t seen in a while. Neal is moved at the luckiness of having his daughter. Playing football with Ben, Neal barely pays attention, constantly telling him about Jerry’s life with much enthusiasm. About two months after leaving the hospital, Neal is out at a bar with Harry, where Neal meets a beautiful woman, Lizzy  while getting drinks. She convinces Neal to come home with her. As they are leaving, Neal stops his story having to back up to tell of events that will lead up to this: October 1945: Neal is on a public bus when a young girl, Mary Jane Greenway : Cherry Mary. Neal and her quickly begin an intimate relationship; a very intimate relationship. Mary’s mother is unmistakably unhappy with their relationship so Mary is grounded, but that doesn’t stop them. Her mother has asked a priest to come to dinner, expecting him to speak to the two about what she considers to be a sinful relationship. When Father Fletcher arrives for the dinner, he is shocked to see Neal proclaiming he has finally found him. It becomes a blow to her plan when it turns out that Father Fletcher is Neal’s godfather. Considering Neal like a son, he has not seen him in more than six years. As the father leaves, Neal smiles, triumphant over the mother. She hated him more than ever. Back to the story, Lizzy and Neal return to Lizzy’s house where her husband Lewis invites him in. Confused, Neal is shocked to see Joan coming down the stairs. Everything comes rushing back to Neal as he sees his love alive and well. The two women cook dinner in the kitchen, talking about Neal. Joan defends Neal’s choice to leave the hospital; that it was too much to watch her die. In the living room, Neal and Joan talk, obviously nervous but excited to be together. At dinner, the four planned what Neal and Joan would do together now. Lewis offers Neal a job interview and offers to allow him to live with them. In bathroom, Neal and Joan pine for each other. Dancing closely, lovingly, the two finally kiss. Laying in living room, the two talk about the future together, Neal amazed that Joan has returned to him, a miracle. They hold each other. Neal jumps up frantically spouting about his clothes for the interview, Joan calms him and they kiss. Neal jumps up again, to get the suit from Ben. Joan wants to come but he won’t let her. On his way he runs into a drunk Harry. Harry convinces Neal to come in for a beer. Neal ends up drunk and Harry convinces him to talk to Mary to get her to come out. About to leave, Neal is arrested when Mary’s mother calls police. He is allowed to make a phone call, but he doesn't know the phone number for Lewis and Lizzy's house. With Mary refusing to testify, the charges are dropped but the police hold him on the false premise of suspicion of burglary. Finally, after more time in jail, Neal is released. He has trouble remembering where Lewis and Lizzy's house is, and once he finally finds it, he finds the house dark and empty. He waits but eventually it is obvious they aren’t coming back. He lost his chance at a traditional family life with Joan. He walks back down the porch, hops into a car and drives off with it. Finishing his letter, Neal places it in an envelope. Walking away, he throws the pages of his novel into the air, paper flying and landing everywhere."] ['Trevor Howard plays Windwalker, an aged Cheyenne warrior. As a husband and father, he helplessly watched the killing of his wife and the kidnapping of one of his sons during a raid by rival Crow warriors. After many years of searching for his lost son unsuccessfully, Windwalker dies during the winter months of 1797 in what will become the state of Utah. The Great Spirit reawakens him for one final task: to answer the mystery about his missing son in order for him to have a peaceful afterlife. Windwalker then helps his other son lead a group of fellow Cheyenne people who are trekking south towards warmer climates and facing not only the elements of nature but a small group of hostile Crow warriors. With his family safe and his son restored to him Windwalker confronts his old enemy and offers him peace, but the Crow refuses, forcing a final battle.'] ['Joe E. Lewis , a successful Chicago night-club entertainer is invited to work for the Mob during the Prohibition era. His refusal results in his face being slashed and his throat cut, preventing him from continuing with his current act as a singer. Lewis soon develops an acerbic and witty sense of humor and is given a break as a stand-up comedian from singer Sophie Tucker . Soon, Lewis makes a career for himself, but a self-destructive streak leads him to question his way of living and what his life has become.'] ["On Jan and Dean's rise to the top of the music industry, a horrible car accident leaves Jan Berry incapacitated and their dreams shattered. With the help of Dean and others, Jan slowly recovers, learning again to walk and talk. A comeback to the music industry is seen as a slim chance, but Jan's willingness to try and with Dean right by his side, the duo aim for another shot."] ["The two-hour biography speeds along from young Walter's hustling beginnings as a tabloid gossip merchant  to his ascendance as the nation's most powerful propagandist.<ref namehttp://www.nytimes.com/1998/11/21/arts/television-review-putting-down-the-big-shots-while-snuggling-up.html | titleThe New York Times | dateAugust 20, 2012 | lastWalter}}"] ["Set in 1969, the film follows the true story of Elliot Tiber , an aspiring Greenwich Village interior designer whose parents, Jake  and Sonia , own the small dilapidated El Monaco Motel in White Lake, in the town of Bethel, New York. A hippie theater troupe, The Earthlight Players, rents the barn, but can hardly pay any rent. Due to financial trouble, the motel may have to be closed, but Elliot pleads with the local bank not to foreclose on the mortgage and Sonia delivers a tirade about her struggles as a Russian refugee. The family is given until the end of the summer to pay up. Elliot plans to hold a small musical festival, and has, for $1, obtained a permit from the town's chamber of commerce . When he hears that the organizers of the Woodstock Festival face opposition against the originally planned location, he offers his permit and the motel accommodations to organizer Michael Lang . A neighbor, Max Yasgur , provides his nearby farm land; first they agree on a fee of $5,000, but after realizing how many people will come, Yasgur demands $75,000, which the organizers reluctantly accept. Elliot comes to agreement about the fee for the motel more smoothly. Initial objections by his mother quickly disappear when she sees the cash paid in advance. A cross-dressing veteran, Vilma , is hired as a security guard. Elliot and Yasgur encounter a little bit of expected opposition. The local diner refuses to serve Elliot anymore, inspectors target the motel  for building code violations, and some local boys paint a swastika and hate words on the hotel. However, resistance quickly dissolves in the tidal wave of peace and love  brought to the area. The Tiber family works hard serving the massive influx of visitors and become wealthy in the process. Elliot also struggles with hiding his homosexuality from his family, when he connects romantically with one of the event organizers staying at the motel. On the first day of the concert, Elliot, his father, and Vilma hear the music begin in the distance. Elliot's father, transformed and enlivened by all the new life in town, tells Elliot to go and see the concert. Elliot hitches a ride through the peaceful traffic jam on the back of a benevolent state trooper's motorcycle and arrives at the event. Eliot meets a hippie couple  who invite him to join them on an LSD trip in their VW Bus a short distance from the crowd. Elliot has trouble relaxing at first, but gradually melts into a psychedelic union with them. When they finally emerge after sundown, Elliot watches the vast crowd and brilliant lights of the distant concert ripple with harmonious hallucinatory visuals that swell into serene white light. Elliot returns home from his liberating experience and has breakfast with his parents. He suggests to his mother that they now have enough money to replace him, but she cannot bear to let him have his freedom. Elliot storms out, facetiously suggesting his mom eat the hash brownies Vilma has just offered. After another beautiful day at the festival, during which his friend the Vietnam veteran, Billy , appears to overcome his Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Elliot returns home to find his parents laughing and cavorting hysterically, having eaten Vilma's hash brownies. The once-brittle family  are united in joy and delirious affection. The next morning, however, Sonia inadvertently reveals that she has secretly saved $97,000 in cash in the floorboards of her closet. Elliot is upset that his mother hid this from him while he put his own savings into helping his parents. After the final day of the concert, Elliot packs up his life and says farewell to his father, after his father encourages him to strike out on his own. As Elliot pays one last visit to the concert and looks out over the muddy desolation of the Yasgur farm, Lang rides up on horseback and they marvel at how despite the obstacles, the event was a success. Lang mentions his next big project: staging a truly free concert in San Francisco with the Rolling Stones – the infamous Altamont Free Concert."] ["The film chronicles Ambassador Davies' impressions of the Soviet Union, his meetings with Stalin, and his overall opinion of the Soviet Union and its ties with the United States. It is made in faux-documentary style, beginning with Davies meeting with President Franklin D. Roosevelt to discuss his new appointment as United States ambassador to the Soviet Union. It continues to show the Davies' family's trip by boat to Moscow, with stops in Europe.  While in Moscow, the movie alternates between Davies' interpretations of Russian politics and communism and his family's impressions of Russian life. It includes a memorable scene with Mrs. Davies at a Russian department store. The movie gives Davies' perspective on various points in Soviet history. It begins with the real Ambassador Davies stating, while seated in an armchair, “No leaders of a nation have been so misrepresented and misunderstood as those in the Soviet government during those critical years between the two world wars.”Mission to Moscow, produced by Robert Buckner, 123 minutes, Warner Brothers, screenplay by Howard Koch. The film then cuts to the film Davies and begins its narrative.  Davies is shown witnessing the famous show trials conducted by Stalin in the 1930s , which are portrayed as trials of Fifth Columnists working for Germany and Japan. The voice-overs continue throughout the film, interspersing storyline with Davies' opinions. The basis of the film's narrative focuses on the journey of Davies and his family. First, their physical journey from the United States to the Soviet Union. And, second, their less tangible journey from skeptics of communism and the Soviet Union into converts and enthusiasts. The narrative of the movie and the book are almost identical."] ["The Earl of Essex  returns in triumph to London after having dealt the Spanish a crushing naval defeat at Cadiz. In London, an aging Queen Elizabeth  awaits him with love, but also with fear, because of his popularity with the commoners and his consuming ambition. His envious rivals include Sir Robert Cecil , Lord Burghley , and Sir Walter Raleigh . His only friend at court is Francis Bacon . Instead of the praise he is expecting, Essex is stunned when Elizabeth criticizes him for his failure to capture the Spanish treasure fleet as he had promised. When his co-commanders are rewarded, Essex protests, precipitating a break between the lovers. He leaves for his estates. Elizabeth pines for him, but refuses to degrade herself by recalling him. But when Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone  revolts and routs the English forces in Ireland, the Queen has the excuse she needs to summon Essex. She intends to make him Master of the Ordinance, a safe position at court. However, his enemies goad him into taking command of the army to be sent to quash the rebellion. Essex pursues Tyrone, though his letters to Elizabeth begging for much-needed men and supplies go unanswered. Unbeknownst to him, his letters to her, and hers to him, are being intercepted by Lady Penelope Grey , a lady-in-waiting who loves him herself. Finally, Elizabeth, believing herself to be scorned, sends him an order to disband his army and return to London. Furious, Essex ignores it, orders a night march and thinks he has finally cornered his foe. However, at a parley, Tyrone points out the smoke rising from the English camp, signifying the destruction of the food and ammunition the English army needs. With no alternative, Essex accepts Tyrone's terms; he and his men disarm and sail back to England. Thinking he has been betrayed, he leads his army in a march on London, to seize the crown for himself. Elizabeth offers no resistance to his forces, but once alone with him, convinces him that she will accept joint rule of the kingdom. He then naively disbands his army and is quickly arrested and condemned to death. The day of his execution, Elizabeth can wait no longer. She summons him, hoping he will abandon his ambition in return for his life . However, Essex tells her that he will always be a danger to her, and walks to the chopping block."] ['Sportswriter Al Stump  is hired in 1959 as ghostwriter of an authorized autobiography of the great Tyrus Raymond "Ty" Cobb, one of the best baseball players of all time. Now 72 and in failing health, Cobb  wants an official biography to "set the record straight" before he dies. Cobb wants a sanitized hagiography which will present him virtually without flaws. Such books were common in earlier decades and the public images of many players , had been shaped by such coverage. Stump arrives at Cobb\'s Lake Tahoe estate to write the official life story of the first baseball player inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame. He finds a continually-drunken, misanthropic, bitter racist who abuses his biographer as well as everyone else he comes in contact with. Although Cobb\'s home is luxurious, it is without heat, power and running water due to long-running violent disputes between Cobb and utility companies. Cobb also rapidly runs through domestic workers, hiring and firing them in quick succession. Although Cobb is seriously ill and prone to frequent physical breakdown, he retains considerable strength and also keeps several loaded firearms within easy reach at almost all times, making the outbreak of violent confrontation always an immediate possibility in his presence. Cobb and Stump eventually decide to travel together cross-country to the Baseball Hall of Fame induction weekend in Cooperstown, New York, where many players from Cobb\'s era attend, and then on to Cobb\'s native Georgia, where his estranged daughter continues to live. After spending a few months with Cobb and absorbing considerable abuse, Stump is torn between writing the book that Cobb wants and writing his own book on Cobb which will reveal his true highly abrasive nature. Cobb begins to regard Stump as a friend of sorts; it is clear his conduct has driven away virtually all his legitimate friends and family. Thus, Stump writes two books simultaneously: the puff piece Cobb expects, and his own, sensational, merciless account which will reveal the true Cobb, warts and all. Stump plans to complete Cobb\'s whitewashed version while the old man is still alive, guaranteeing his payment for the autobiography project, letting Cobb die happy, and then issue the hard-hitting followup after Cobb dies. At one point, after a long night contending with the raging Cobb, Stump passes out and Cobb discovers his notes for his no-punches-pulled version, bringing on an epic explosion from Cobb. The film concludes with the news that Cobb has died and we see several scenes from Cobb\'s playing career, with Stump gaining a grudging respect for the player\'s legendary intensity and fearsome competitive fire, and an understanding the murder of Cobb\'s father may have been partly responsible for his antagonistic personality. The film ends with Stump conflicted in his opinion of Cobb: whether respect for his playing accomplishments can outweigh his repellent personal conduct. In the end, Stump decides to publish the whitewashed version of Cobb\'s life, mainly out of respect for Cobb\'s memory and his belief in redemption.'] ['San Francisco-based crime novelist Dashiell Hammett, trying to put his Pinkerton detective days behind him while establishing himself as a writer, finds himself drawn back into his old life one last time by the irresistible call of friendship and to honor a debt.'] ['Temüjin  as a prisoner in the Tangut kingdom, conveys his memories about his earlier life through a series of flashbacks. Embarking on an expedition as a young boy, Temüjin  is accompanied by his father Yesügei  to select a girl as his future wife. Temüjin meets and chooses Börte , although his father wishes him to choose a mate from the Merkit tribe. Temüjin convinces his father to allow him to choose Börte. He promises to return after five years to marry her. On their way home, Temüjin\'s father is poisoned by an enemy tribe. As he lies dying, he tells Temüjin that he is now Khan. However, one of his father\'s warriors, Targutai , orders the other tribesmen to loot the dead Khan\'s camp. Targutai spares Temüjin\'s life, declaring a Mongol does not kill children. After falling through the ice of a frozen lake, Temüjin is found lying down in the snow by a young boy called Jamukha . The two quickly become friends and perform a traditional ceremony declaring themselves blood brothers. Targutai later captures Temüjin, holding him in captivity. Temüjin however, escapes late one night and roams the countryside. Temüjin is later seen again as a young man  in 1186. He once again is apprehended by Targutai, who wishes to kill him now that he is grown. Temüjin escapes a second time finding Börte , and brings her back to his family. Later that night, they are attacked by the Merkit tribe led by Chiledu , since Temüjin\'s father had years before stolen his wife from one of their tribesmen. While being chased on horseback, Temüjin is shot with an arrow. Börte whips the horse which Temüjin is on, telling it to go home. Börte is captured by the Merkit leader, as Temüjin returns safely to his family. Temüjin is sold to a Tangut Garrison Chief , despite the dire warning given to the man by a Buddhist monk  acting as his advisor, who senses the great potential the warrior carries and his future role in subjugating the Tangut state. While imprisoned, the monk pleads with Temüjin to save his monastery when he is set free sometime in the future. In exchange for delivering a bone fragment to Börte indicating that he is still alive, Temüjin agrees. Thereafter, the monk succeeds in delivering the bone and the message, though at the cost of his life. As a means of getting to Tangut, Börte becomes a merchant\'s concubine, bearing a daughter along the way. Once Börte arrives in Tangut, she abandons the merchant and bribes the guard for the key to Temüjin\'s cell, and the two manage to escape back to their homeland. Temüjin, upset by the increasing loss of traditional values in Mongol society, leaves his family once more and pledges to make the Mongols abide by the law. Visiting a holy site in the mountains, he drafts an early version of the Jasagh and prays to "The Lord of the Great Blue Sky" for assistance. Subsequently, he gathers an army to unify all of the Mongols. In 1196, Temüjin declares war over Jamukha. By 1206, Temüjin engages Jamukha, in league with his old enemy, Targutai, in battle. However, a thunderstorm arises on the steppe, terrifying Jamukha\'s troops and causing their unconditional surrender, as Temüjin stands triumphant . Having defeated his "blood brother", Temüjin allows Jamukha to live, while Targutai is killed by his own soldiers while attempting to flee the battle. The traitorous men are ordered to be executed by Temüjin, who surprises them when he informs them that they broke his primary tenet: "Never betray your Khan." Afterwards, Temüjin is designated the Khan of all the Mongols – Genghis Khan of the Great Steppe. The final pre-credits sequence indicates that Genghis Khan would later go on to invade and conquer the Tangut Empire by 1227, fulfilling the monk\'s prophecy. However, the film clarifies that, while the entire civilization was ravaged by the Mongol horde, the Buddhist monastery Temüjin pledged never to destroy remained intact, thereby indicating the great integrity and honesty of the Khan.'] ['In 1939, the Germans relocate Polish Jews to the Kraków Ghetto as World War II begins. Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman from Moravia, arrives in the city hoping to make a fortune as a war profiteer. Schindler, a member of the Nazi Party, lavishes bribes upon Wehrmacht and SS officials. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits. Not knowing much about how to run such an enterprise, he gains a collaborator in Itzhak Stern , an official of Krakow\'s Judenrat  who has contacts with the Jewish business community and the black marketers inside the Ghetto. The Jewish businessmen lend Schindler money in return for a share of products produced. Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys newfound wealth and status as "Herr Direktor", while Stern handles administration. Schindler hires Jewish Poles instead of Catholic Poles because they cost less. Workers in Schindler\'s factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern ensures that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" to the German war effort, saving them from being transported to concentration camps or killed. SS-Lieutenant  Amon Goeth  arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of the Płaszów concentration camp. Once the camp is completed, he orders the liquidation of the ghetto and Operation Reinhard in Kraków begins, with hundreds of troops emptying the cramped rooms and arbitrarily murdering anyone who is uncooperative, elderly or infirm. Schindler watches the massacre and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Goeth and, through Stern\'s attention to bribery, Schindler continues enjoying SS support. Schindler bribes Goeth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, so that he can keep his factory running smoothly and protect them. As time passes, Schindler tries to save as many lives as he can. As the war shifts, Goeth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler prepares to leave Kraków with his fortune. He finds himself unable to do so, however, and prevails upon Goeth to allow him to keep his workers so he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, away from the Final Solution. Goeth charges a massive bribe for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers to be kept off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler\'s List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Płaszów, being included means the difference between life and death. Almost all of the people on Schindler\'s list arrive safely at the new site. The train carrying the women is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. Schindler bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Höß, with a cache of diamonds in exchange for releasing the women to Brinnlitz. Once the women arrive, Schindler institutes firm controls on the SS guards assigned to the factory, forbidding them to enter the production areas. He encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath. To keep his workers alive, he spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shells from other companies; he never produces working shells during the seven months his factory operates. He runs out of money just as the Wehrmacht surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a Nazi Party member and a self-described "profiteer of slave labour", in 1945, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army. Although the SS guards have been ordered to kill the Jews, Schindler persuades them to return to their families as men, not murderers. In the aftermath, he packs a car in the night and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring secretly made from a worker\'s gold dental bridge and engraved with a Talmudic quotation, "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire". Schindler is touched but deeply ashamed as he leaves, feeling he could have done more to save lives, such as selling his car and Golden Party Badge. The Schindler Jews are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon announces that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. After a few scenes depicting post-war events such as the execution of Amon Goeth and a summary of what happened to Schindler in his later years, the Jews are shown walking to the nearby town. The black-and-white frame changes to one in color of present-day Schindler Jews at Schindler\'s grave site in Jerusalem, where he wanted to be interred.{{cite web}} A procession of now-elderly Jews who worked in Schindler\'s factory set stones on his grave—a traditional Jewish custom denoting gratitude to the deceased. The actors portraying the major characters walk with them. Ben Kingsley is accompanied by the widow of Itzhak Stern, who died in 1969. A title card reveals that at the time of the film\'s release, there were fewer than 4,000 Jews left alive in Poland, but more than 6,000 descendants of the Schindler Jews throughout the world. In the final scene, Liam Neeson places a pair of roses on the grave and stands over it.'] ['U.S. Navy Lieutenant, junior grade John F. Kennedy  uses his family\'s influence to get himself assigned to the fighting in the Solomon Islands in the Pacific Theater during World War II, much to the surprise of Commander C.R. Ritchie ([[James Gregory . Kennedy lobbies for command of a PT Boat, and is assigned to the "109", a badly-damaged boat that is in dire need of repair and overhaul. Initially, Ritchie seems to regard the young, inexperienced Kennedy as something of a lightweight, but his enthusiasm to build a crew and refurbish the "109" to operational status eventually earns Ritchie\'s grudging respect. The crew includes Kennedy\'s executive officer, Ensign Leonard J. Thom , and sailors "Bucky" Harris ([[Robert Blake  and Edmund Drewitch . On one mission, the PT 109 is sent to rescue a paramarine patrol trapped on an island. Kennedy successfully takes aboard the survivors, but barely gets out of range of Japanese guns before running out of fuel. The tide starts to carry the boat back toward the island. Kennedy, his crew, and the rescued Marines face the prospect of a desperate fight for their lives, but in the nick of time another PT boat arrives and tows the 109 to safety. Another sortie is less successful. While on patrol one, dark, moonless night in August 1943, a Japanese destroyer appears suddenly out of the darkness, rams and slices the 109 in two, killing two crewmen. Kennedy, having survived the collision searches for survivors, despite suffering from a back injury. When Kennedy and his men are presumed dead by nearby allies, Kennedy leads the survivors in swimming to a deserted island, while himself towing a badly-burned crewman. After a few days, Kennedy encounters two natives and gives them a carved message on a coconut. Fortunately for the sailors, they take it to an Australian coastwatcher, who sends more natives to the island who take Kennedy with them and the coastwatcher arranges for a rescue. Afterward, Kennedy is eligible to transfer back to the U.S., but is assigned command of another PT Boat that has been modified as a gunboat, PT 59, and elects to stay in the fight.'] ['The film opens during the production of War and Peace at Mosfilm Studios in 1964. An elderly Russian noblewoman is set to appear as a film extra until her past comes to light. Although the film\'s political commissar demands her dismissal since she is a "wife of an enemy of the revolution", director Sergei Bondarchuk is adamant that he needs faces like hers for the production. As the commissar realizes it difficult by only using the file he has, he immediately recognizes the elderly woman behind him as the woman he is finding for, while the elderly woman is looking at her own 1910s photo. The film flashes back to the Baltic Sea in 1916. Captain Alexander Kolchak  is laying naval mines from his ship in German territorial waters when he runs across SMS Friedrich Carl, an armored cruiser of the German Imperial Navy. As chaos reigns on his ship, Kolchak sights in one of the guns and succeeds in seriously damaging the bridge of the German vessel. This buys him only a brief respite, however. Realizing that the enemy ship is blocking his line of escape, Kolchak informs his men that the only way to return to safety is to lure the Germans onto one of his mines. As the ship steams into the mines they have just laid, Kolchak leads his men in Russian Orthodox prayers for God\'s protection. Although they barely avoid hitting their own mines, the German ship is not so lucky and sinks with almost all hands. Later, at their naval base in the Grand Duchy of Finland, now promoted to Rear Admiral, Kolchak is introduced to Anna Timireva , the wife of his subordinate officer and close friend Captain Sergei Timirev. The strong attraction between them immediately becomes apparent. Although Sergei reminds his wife that they took vows before God, Anna is unmoved and wants nothing more than to be with the Admiral. Although terrified of losing him, Sofia Kolchak  offers to leave for Petrograd and let her husband be with Anna if he so desires. The Admiral, however, firmly tells her, "You are my wife and I am your husband. That is how it always shall be." His feelings for Anna continue to grow, however. When she approaches him to deliver a love letter, Kolchak informs her that they cannot ever meet again. When Anna demands to know why, the Admiral responds, "Because I love you." Later, he is informed that the Tsar  has promoted him to Vice Admiral in command of the Black Sea Fleet at Sevastopol. After receiving a last minute letter from Kolchak, Anna rushes to the train station to see off her beloved. She is too late, however, and experiences only an uncomfortable look from Sofia. After the February Revolution in 1917, officers are disarmed and summarily executed at the Kronstadt naval base. Sergei barely escapes the island with Anna. Meanwhile, a group of enlisted men, now with their cockades on their sailor caps changed from a Tsarist insignia to a red revolutionary cockade, arrive aboard Kolchak\'s flotilla in Sevastopol and demand that all officers surrender their arms. To avoid bloodshed, Kolchak orders his subordinates to obey. However, he throws his own sword into the harbor rather than hand it over, but the sailors didn\'t complain about it. Later, Kolchak is summoned to Petrograd by Alexander Kerensky , who offers to appoint him Minister of Defense. Kolchak, however, sharply criticises Kerensky for promoting indiscipline in both the Russian Army and Navy. He states that the only way he will accept is if he is given a free hand to restore old practices. Kerensky, enraged by Kolchak\'s "counterrevolutionary sympathies," exiles him to the United States, excusing that "the allies needs more experts". After the October Revolution, Anna and Sergei Timiriov are travelling on the Trans-Siberian Railroad when she learns that Kolchak has returned and is leading a detachment of the anti-communist White Army at Omsk. Sergei, who has become a Red Commissar, is shocked when she returns to their carriage and announces that she is leaving him. After commenting about what a year of Revolution it has been, Sergei helps Anna to pack her things. After hearing Kolchak\'s speeches about defeating the Bolsheviks and "restoring Russia," Anna is deeply moved and goes to work as a nurse among the wounded of the Russian Civil War. Meanwhile, Kolchak is informed that the Red Army is advancing on Omsk, assisted by sympathizers behind White lines. Although his advisors all suggest defending Omsk to the last, Kolchak decrees that they will instead evacuate Omsk and seize Irkutsk as the new capital of anti-communist Russia. During the evacuation of Omsk, Anna is recognized by a White officer who informs Kolchak. Deeply moved, the Admiral goes to her and announces that, although he made the mistake of leaving her once, he will never do so again. As the train steams toward Irkutsk, Kolchak informs Anna that he has written to his wife Sofia, who now lives in Paris, and formally asked for a divorce. Although he asks Anna to marry him, she insists that there is no need of marriage and that what matters is that they are together now. Eventually, she relents and they are seen attending the Divine Liturgy together. Meanwhile, Irkutsk is under the nominal control of the French General Maurice Janin and the Czechoslovak Legions. With their defenses disintegrating, the Red Army offers them only one way out alive. As a result, General Janin agrees to hand over Admiral Kolchak. As a massive land force of White soldiers rides and marches toward Irkutsk, Kolchak is placed under arrest by the Czechs and handed over to the Reds. Despite Kolchak\'s attempts to shield her, Anna insists that, as his wife, she must be arrested, too. Kolchak is given a cursory trial by the Irkutsk soviet and executed by a firing squad along the banks of the frozen Angara River. His last words are, "Send word to my wife in Paris that I bless our son." Kolchak\'s body is then dumped into a hole drilled into the ice by the local Orthodox clergy for Great Blessing of Waters on Epiphany. It is revealed that Anna survived more than 30 years in the Gulag and was only released during the Khrushchev thaw. Meanwhile, in 1964, Anna Timiorova witnesses a rehearsal for one of the ballroom scenes from War and Peace, as she accidentally bumps into an actor playing as a waiter, breaking a glass of wine, which reminds her of the first time she meets Kolchak, then the film shifts to her imagination as she dreams of the formal dance she was never able to share with her beloved. The fates of the film\'s main characters are revealed in captions.'] ['In 1585, Roman Catholic Spain ruled by King Philip II  is the most powerful country in Europe. Seeing Protestant England as a threat, and in retaliation for English piracy of Spanish ships, Philip intends to make war. He plans to take over England, and make his daughter Isabella the Queen of England in Elizabeth\'s place. In England, Elizabeth  is being pressured to marry by her advisor, Sir Francis Walsingham . She is aging and, with no child, the throne will pass to her cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots . The Queen is presented with portraits of appropriate suitors, but Elizabeth refuses to marry, particularly to the Archduke Charles of Austria , who has become infatuated with the Queen. Walter Raleigh  is presented at Elizabeth\'s court, having returned from the New World, and offers her potatoes, tobacco, two Native Americans, and gold from Spanish ships that he claims were "unable to continue their journey". The Spanish ambassador protests. Elizabeth commands that the Native Americans be treated well, and refuses to accept the gold. Elizabeth is attracted to Raleigh, enthralled by his tales of exploration, and asks Elizabeth Throckmorton  , her most favored lady-in-waiting, to observe him. Bess also finds Raleigh attractive and secretly begins an affair with him. Elizabeth meanwhile seeks guidance from her astrologer, Dr. John Dee  who predicts that two empires will go to war. However, he cannot predict which will triumph over the other, leaving Elizabeth to ponder her and England\'s fate. Jesuits in London conspire with Philip to assassinate Elizabeth and replace her with Mary, in what Philip calls "The English Enterprise," and which is known to history as the Babington Plot. Walsingham discovers the plot. From her imprisonment Mary sends secret correspondence to the Jesuits, who recruit Anthony Babington  to assassinate Elizabeth. Walsingham continues to warn Elizabeth of Spain\'s rising power and of the Catholic plots against her. However she, unlike her predecessor and sister Mary I, refuses to force her people  to share her beliefs. Even then, those conspiring against Elizabeth are being hunted and murdered, including Bess\'s cousin, whom Bess had failed to protect. After learning of her cousin\'s torture and death at Walsingham\'s hands, Bess turns to Raleigh for comfort. The barely hidden closeness of Bess and Raleigh causes tension between them, testing her desire to keep him in England and increasing his desire to go back to the New World. Walsingham\'s brother, a Papist, knows of the plot against Elizabeth. It is revealed that Walsingham had known of the plot all along, intercepting letters, and his brother is jailed. He reveals the plot to Elizabeth, who angrily confronts the Spanish diplomats. The Spanish ambassador feigns ignorance and accuses Elizabeth of receiving Spanish gold from pirates and insinuating a sexual relationship with Raleigh. A sword fight nearly ensues between the queen\'s male escorts and the Spanish contingent. She throws the Spaniards out of court. Meanwhile, Philip is cutting the forests of Spain to build the Spanish Armada to invade England. Mary, Queen of Scots, writes letters condoning the plot. Babington storms into a cathedral where Elizabeth is praying and points a gun at her. Elizabeth opens her arms, seemingly fearless. He pulls the trigger, and the gun fires. At first Walsingham is unable to discern why the gun was harmless, though it is later revealed by the traitor in the torture chamber that there was no bullet in the gun. Elizabeth learns of Mary\'s involvement, and Walsingham insists she be executed to quell any possible revolt. Elizabeth is reluctant, but nevertheless agrees. Mary is tried for high treason. She is beheaded, ascending the block in a blood-red dress, red being the Catholic liturgical colour for martyrs. Walsingham sees that this was part of the Jesuit\'s plan all-along. Philip had never intended Mary to become queen. Since the Pope and other Catholic leaders regarded Mary as the true Queen of England, Philip uses Mary\'s death to obtain papal approval for war. In England, Raleigh asks to leave for the New World, which Elizabeth forbids, instead knighting him and making him Captain of the Royal Guard. Bess discovers she is pregnant with Raleigh\'s child and, after telling him the news, she pleads with him to leave. He chooses not to, and the couple marry in secret. At the same time, Elizabeth awakes during a dream as the wedding is taking place. She confronts Bess a few weeks later, who confesses that she is indeed pregnant with Raleigh\'s child, and that Raleigh is her husband. An enraged Elizabeth berates Bess, reminding her that she cannot marry without royal consent. Feeling betrayed, the queen banishes Bess from court and has Raleigh imprisoned for the crime of seducing a ward of the Queen. Walsingham arranges for his brother, William, who is eleven years Francis\' junior, to be released and taken to France on the condition that he must never return to England. The Armada begins its approach up the English Channel, and Elizabeth forgives Bess and sets Raleigh free to join Sir Francis Drake in the battle. Elizabeth gives her Speech to the Troops at Tilbury seated on a war horse wearing full plate armour. The Spanish ships and army vastly outnumber England\'s, but at the last moment, a major storm blows the Armada towards the beaches, endangering their formation and ships. They drop anchor, and the Armada becomes a sitting duck for English fire ships. Elizabeth, back at her coastal headquarters, walks out to the cliffs and watches the Spanish Armada sink in flames. Philip\'s plan is shattered. Elizabeth visits Walsingham on his deathbed, telling her old friend to rest. She then visits Raleigh and Bess and blesses their child. Elizabeth seemingly triumphs personally through her ordeal, again resigned to her role as the Virgin Queen and mother to the English people.'] ['The story begins in the Russian countryside, where Rasputin heals the sick wife of an innkeeper . When he is later hauled before an Orthodox bishop for his sexual immorality and violence, the innkeeper springs to the monk\'s defence. Rasputin protests that he is sexually immoral because he likes to give God "sins worth forgiving". He also claims to have healing powers in his hands, and is unperturbed by the bishop\'s accusation that his power is from Satan. Rasputin heads for St. Petersburg, where he forces his way into the home of Dr Zargo , from where he begins his campaign to gain influence over the Tsarina . He manipulates the Tsarina\'s lady-in-waiting, Sonia , whom he uses to satisfy his voracious sexual appetite and gain access to the Tsarina. However, Rasputin\'s ruthless pursuit of wealth and prestige, and increasing control over the royal household attracts opposition. Sonia\'s brother, Peter , enraged by Rasputin\'s seduction of his sister, enlists the help of Ivan to bring about the monk\'s downfall.'] ['A family traveling through New Salem, Illinois in their wagon need groceries from Lincoln\'s store and the only thing of value they have that he\'ll take in exchange is a law book. After thoroughly reading the book, Abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, Ann Rutledge . Too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in Springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend John Stuart . At a July 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl: the accused are two brothers. Lincoln prevents the lynching of the two accused at the jail, inter alia by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. Admiring his courage, Mary Todd  -- later to be his wife—invites Lincoln to her sister\'s soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. The key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. The family and Lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other\'s conviction. But Lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an Almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. He then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself. A scene cut from the film involved Lincoln meeting a very young John Wilkes Booth, his future assassin. The film has as its basis the murder case involving William "Duff" Armstrong, which took place in 1858 at the courthouse in Beardstown, Illinois -- the only courthouse where Lincoln practiced law that is still in use.'] ["The film tells the tale of the doctors who pioneered the usage of silicone breast implants. The two men gain immense financial success but follow different life paths thereafter, with David Schwimmer becoming the narcissistic 'big-as-you-can-get' type popular with strippers and pornographic actresses, and former mentor Chris Cooper continuing the initial team effort of the everyday woman. The story loosely tracks the history of the real-life breast implant industry phenomenon, from its radical introduction through its incredible popularity through the controversial silicone link to various types of illness and cancer, following which the industry switched to saline. The story is interspersed with interview snippets of women from the 1970s who have received breast augmentation with varying degrees of success, including their pleasure and displeasure. The interviews are marked by the fact that they show only the interviewees' nude breasts and torso."] ['Texas farm boy Monty Stratton  demonstrates a knack for throwing a baseball. He manages to get a tryout with the Chicago White Sox that is followed by a contract. A teammate introduces him to a young woman named Ethel  and soon they are married and raising a family. In the off-season of 1938, Stratton accidentally shoots himself in his right leg while on a hunting trip. When his leg has to be amputated, it looks as though his pitching career is over. Nevertheless, with a wooden leg and the support of his wife, Stratton is able to make a successful minor league comeback in 1946.'] ['The plot is based on a dramatised account of the exploits of the historical renegade, Thomas Blood, in the 17th century and his attempted theft of the British Crown jewels.'] ["The film starts when Fryderyk Chopin is still a young man living with his parents and his two sisters in Warsaw where he frequently plays the piano and composes music for the decidedly unmusical Grand Duke Constantine. Shortly before the November Uprising, Chopin's father urges him to leave for Paris, which Fryderyk does. Once in Paris he meets novelist George Sand, who has just split from her violent lover Mallefille. Although he is immediately drawn to Sand, he initially refuses her advances. However, after several months, their mutual friend Albert urges Chopin to get to know George better and a passionate romance starts to build. During their affair, Chopin is diagnosed with tuberculosis and has to cope with a declining health. The relationship is further complicated by George's two children: Maurice and Solange. While Maurice's near-hysterical hatred of Chopin leads from one escalation to the other, Solange develops an obsessive love for Chopin which leads to a rivalry between Solange and her mother. After several years of constant fighting between Chopin, George, Maurice and Solange, the relationship ends and Chopin calls for one of his sisters to help him get through the last days of his life."] ['In 1966, George W. Bush  endures an alcohol-fueled initiation by his fellow Yale University students as a Delta Kappa Epsilon pledge. During the hazing, Bush successfully recalls the names and nicknames of many of the fraternity members, and states that his family\'s political legacy is one in which he has no interest. A little later, after Bush is jailed in New Jersey for rowdiness following a football game, his father, George H. W. Bush , states that he will help Bush, but for the last time. Following his graduation from Yale, Bush takes a job at an oil patch back in his home state of Texas, but he quits after only a few weeks. Shortly after this, "Junior" reveals his real aspirations in a father-son talk: working in professional baseball, in some capacity. Soon afterwards, Bush is accepted into Harvard Business School with the help of his father. Later that night after drinking heavily, Bush crashes his car into his family estate and challenges his father to a fistfight. His brother, Jeb  intervenes and stops the fight. In 1977, Bush announces he will run for Congress in Texas. At a barbecue, Bush meets his future wife, Laura Lane Welch . During his congressional debate, Bush is criticized by his Democratic opponent, Kent Hance , who says that Bush is not a "real Texan" and has spent campaign contributions to throw an alcohol-fueled party for underage Texas Tech University students. Bush does poorly in the debate and loses the election, but with the highest number of votes for a Republican candidate in the state\'s history. Angered by his loss, Bush declares that he will "never be out-Texas\'d or out-Christianed again". In 1986, Bush becomes a born-again Christian, gives up alcohol, and somewhat mends his relationship with his father. The elder Bush invites him to assist with what becomes his successful 1988 presidential campaign, although Bush himself suspects that he only was asked because Jeb was busy. Bush\'s political advisor, Karl Rove , tells him that he has the potential to make a name for himself, but has not yet done anything with his life. Bush becomes a front office executive of the Texas Rangers baseball team, while his father oversees the victory of the Persian Gulf War. Although Allied forces win the war within 100 hours, the elder Bush decides not to invade Iraq to depose Saddam Hussein. After his father loses the 1992 presidential election to Bill Clinton, Bush blames the loss on his decision not to depose Saddam. In 1994, Bush decides to run for Governor of Texas despite his father\'s opposition. In 1999, he makes a successful bid to become President. Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, Bush labels three of America\'s enemies – specifically Iran, Iraq, and North Korea — as the "axis of evil". In 2002, Bush begins searching for evidence that Saddam was creating nuclear weapons, and has the army prepared. All of Bush\'s White House staff supports him except Secretary of State Colin Powell ([[Jeffrey Wright , who states that planning to invade Iraq would destabilize the country. Powell is generally is overruled by Vice President Dick Cheney  and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who insist that the war – deliberately waged without an exit strategy — would secure the United States\' status as sole global superpower while spreading democracy throughout the Middle East. In his State of the Union Address in 2003, Bush states that: "Either you\'re with us, or you\'re with the terrorists." In March of that year, the U.S. invades Iraq and at first, the war appears to be a success, and Bush gives his infamous "Mission Accomplished" speech on an aircraft carrier. When it becomes clear that there are no weapons of mass destruction within Iraq, Bush learns that the responsibility for finding them had been relegated far down the chain of command. Bush also discovers that Saddam gambled his regime and his life on the assumption that Bush was bluffing. Bush is asked in a White House press conference what mistakes he made as President, a question that leaves him flustered and speechless. That night, Bush has a nightmare in which his father accuses him of ruining his family\'s legacy, which the elder Bush claims was intended for Jeb. In the final scene of the film, Bush dreams of playing center field at a baseball game. Bush attempts to catch a pop fly, but it quickly disappears.'] [' Tennessee wilderness settlers, Davy Crockett and best friend George "Georgie" Russel volunteer to fight with General Andrew Jackson in the Creek War. After a victorious battle, Crockett and Russel return home over the protestations of their superiors. Returning the next season, the pair find that the pursuing American forces have reached a stalemate chasing the remnant Creek forces through the swamps. Georgie Russel is ambushed while scouting for the Native American positions, but Crockett is able to track the Creeks back to camp. In exchange for Russel\'s life, Crockett challenges Red Stick, the Creek tribe\'s remaining chief, to a tomahawk duel. Crockett emerges victorious but spares the life of Red Stick on condition he will sign the American peace treaty.  Crockett and Russel leave home once again to scout virgin territory being opened for settlement. There the pair encounter a man named Big Foot who is running Charlie Two Shirts off their land and reselling it. After befriending a family of Creek refugees who have been forced from their homes, Crockett agrees to become magistrate for the area. Confronting Big Foot in hand to hand combat, Crockett eventually defeats his opponent and arrests him and his accomplices. Not long after, Crockett receives a letter from his sister-in-law which relates that Polly, his wife, has died.  Crockett agrees to run for the state legislature when he learns of the unrivaled candidacy of Amos Thorpe, an unscrupulous politician in league with men trying to lay claim to Cherokee lands. Then at the request of Andrew Jackson, he runs for Congress. Handily elected, Crockett becomes a popular member of the House of Representatives and of Andrew Jackson who has since become president of the United States. Aware of Crockett\'s views of Native American rights, Jackson\'s underlings arrange for Crockett to take a speaking tour across the eastern part of the country during the introduction of a legislative bill to usurp Indian treaty lands. Hearing of the bill, Georgie Russel rides to Philadelphia to fetch Crockett. The pair arrive back in Washington, D.C. where Crockett makes an impassioned speech before the House of Representatives against the bill, aware that it will cost him his political career.  Crockett learns of the embattled Texans at the Alamo and decides to join them, with Georgie Russel reluctantly following. In route to San Antonio the pair are joined by a riverboat gambler named Thimblerig. Davy spots smoke signals from the Comanches when they enter Texas. Next, they see a bison stampede and watch a tribesman fall off his horse. Davy and Georgie nickname the Comanche "Busted Luck" due to his bad luck and that he speaks no English to give his real name, but neverless tags along with them. After reaching the Alamo, the Texan garrison successfully holds out against several attacks by General Santa Anna until being finally overrun by Mexican troops. After they successfully manage to scale the walls, the Mexicans outnumber the Texans, killing all of them, including "Busted Luck" and Thimblerig, as well as Jim Bowie, who is sick in bed. Georgie is shot twice and is killed. Davy, the last survivor, fights valiantly on, taking down several Mexicans, though it is obvious he will get killed eventually.'] ['Jan Paul Beahm  grows up in Los Angeles through a troubled childhood: He does not know his biological father, his mother is an alcoholic, and his older brother dies from a heroin overdose. He is an avid reader and develops into a "frighteningly intelligent" student at University High School, where his antisocial behavior leads the administration to give him straight A\'s if he agrees not to return. In December 1975, at age 17, he proposes to his friend Georg Ruthenberg  that they start a band, showing him potential lyrics and claiming to have a "five year plan" inspired by the David Bowie song "Five Years". They recruit Terri Ryan , Belinda Carlisle , and Becky Barton  for the group and con money for instruments. Jan Paul comes up with the name Germs, representing the germination of an idea. He sings while Georg plays guitar, Terri plays bass guitar, and Becky plays drums. The Germs play their first gig April 16, 1977: As they are heckling The Damned outside the Whisky a Go Go, Claude "Kickboy Face" Bessy  of Slash magazine suggests that they perform at an open mic across the street. The Germs give an impropmtu performance of their song "Sex Boy", but do not know how to play their instruments and are heckled by the audience. Jan Paul responds by throwing flour at them and dipping the microphone in peanut butter; the band is thrown out but excited by the experience. Jan Paul comes up with pseudonyms for the members: Georg becomes Pat Smear, Terri becomes Lorna Doom, and Becky becomes Donna Rhia, while Belinda bows out of the band. Jan Paul renames himself Bobby Pyn, but soon changes this to Darby Crash. Becky is soon kicked out and the band goes through a series of replacements. Chris Ashford  becomes their manager and presses their "Forming" single, the first punk rock single from Los Angeles. At The Masque the Germs meet Don Bolles , who becomes their new drummer. Darby also meets Rob Henley , and the two begin a homosexual relationship. Darby comes up with the Germs\' logo, a blue circle, as well as the "Germs burn", a symbolic circular cigarette burn on the wrist. The Germs build an audience at The Masque and advance to larger venues, playing a chaotic show at the Roosevelt Hotel on October 31, 1978. Tensions mount between Don and Rob over the band\'s direction, and Darby and Rob begin experimenting with heroin. The Germs appear on Rodney Bingenheimer \'s radio program and convince Slash to fund their album, . Tensions rise as Rob convinces Darby that Don\'s drumming is not fast enough, and when a woman named Amber  begins doting on Darby and declares herself his manager. Darby\'s heroin use increases, as does violence at the Germs\' shows, and they are banned from most clubs in Los Angeles. Darby is upset to learn that Don has started a side project. Penelope Spheeris  features the Germs in her film The Decline of Western Civilization. The band plays at the Whisky a Go Go on December 23, 1979 under the name GI, for "Germs Incognito", and when Don is late Darby replaces him with Rob. Rob does not know how to play, however, and the show is aborted when the crowd riots. Finding Rob having sex with Gerber , Darby effectively breaks up the Germs by taking off with Amber to London for several months, where he becomes a fan of Adam and the Ants. Darby returns to Los Angeles with an Adam Ant-inspired fashion and a tall mohawk. He enlists Pat for his Darby Crash Band, then organizes a Germs "farwell show" at the Starwood Club in December 1980 with Pat, Lorna, and Don. The show goes well, with Darby telling the crowd "This is for the people who wanted to know what it was like when we were around. But this is the only one; you\'re not gonna see this again." Alone and despondent after the show, he enters into a suicide pact with Casey Cola : The two intentionally overdose on heroin; Casey survives while Darby does not. Pat receives the news as he is watching reports of the assassination of John Lennon. Darby\'s funeral is sparsely attended, with Pat reading a poem titled "Astrid" that Darby had written near the band\'s outset.'] ['The story begins in 1924 in New York City, where W.C. Fields is a Ziegfeld Follies headliner, and ends with his 1946 death in California at age 66. In between, it dramatizes his life and career with emphasis on the latter part of both, when the "Me" of the title, Carlotta Monti, played a prominent role, with a number of fictionalized events added for dramatic impact. Having lost his girlfriend Melody to another man and most of his life savings due to careless investments by his broker, Fields heads west to Santa Monica, where he operates a wax museum until he\'s offered a film role. He quickly becomes a major screen presence and a notorious drinker. While at a party with his friends John Barrymore, Gene Fowler and restaurant owner Dave Chasen, Fields is introduced to starlet Carlotta Monti, whom he hires as a live-in secretary. In order to stifle her theatrical aspirations, he arranges a screen test. The studio boss Harry Bannerman decides she has some talent, but Fields threatens to quit Paramount Pictures unless she\'s discouraged from pursuing a career in films. When she learns the truth, Carlotta leaves him and goes to New York. When Barrymore passes away, she returns to Hollywood to comfort Fields. On the set of My Little Chickadee, she learns why her efforts to get him to marry her have routinely been rebuffed: his first marriage has never been dissolved legally. Although hurt by the revelation, Carlotta resigns herself to a life of unwedded bliss that often crumbles into sorrow and frustration as the relentlessly mean-spirited Fields continues to drink heavily and his health steadily declines. The comic is hospitalized and, after enduring great physical pain, dies on Christmas Day, a holiday he had despised with a passion.'] ["{{Expand section}} West Point staffer Marty Maher , who came there from Tipperary as a waiter, enlisted in 1898, instructed several generations of plebes in boxing, swimming and tradition, stayed at West Point all his life, his romance and marriage to Mary O'Donnell, and his declining years after her death . He was buried there in 1961.http://www.irish-society.org/home/hedgemaster-archives-2/people/maher-marty"] ["The film is centred on the creation of The Night Watch, Rembrandt's most famous work, depicting civilian militiamen who wanted to be celebrated in a group portrait. The film posits a conspiracy to murder within the musketeer regiment of Frans Banning Cocq and Willem van Ruytenburch, and suggests that Rembrandt may have immortalized a conspiracy theory using subtle allegory in his group portrait of the regiment, subverting what was to have been a highly prestigious commission for both painter and subject. The film also depicts Rembrandt's personal life, and suggests he suffered serious consequences in later life as a result of the accusation contained in his most famous painting."] ['The film draws on Guyana Massacre: The Eyewitness Account and reports from The Washington Post at the time, to describe the life of Jim Jones from a 1960s idealist to the November 1978 mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple in Jonestown, Guyana.{{cite book}}'] ["Disc jockey turned actor Bob Crane develops a secret personal life, focusing on his relationship with John Henry Carpenter, an electronics expert involved with the nascent home video market. Encouraged by Carpenter and enabled by his expertise, Crane &mdash; portrayed as a church-going, clean-cut family man  &mdash; becomes a sex addict obsessed with sleeping with as many women as possible and recording those encounters with video and photographic equipment, usually with Carpenter participating. Auto Focus depicts Crane's life from his sitcom success through his post-Hogan's Heroes efforts to sustain a viable career &mdash; mostly in dinner theatre &mdash; until his murder. Crane's murder remains unsolved to this day. Although Carpenter was tried and acquitted of the crime, he remains the subject of suspicion even after his death in 1998.Motion Picture Purgatory: Auto Focus"] ['Joan Crawford  is a driven actress and compulsively clean housekeeper who tries to control the lives of those around her as tightly as she controls herself. To prepare for a work day at MGM Studios, she rises at 4:00 am and engages in a strict morning ritual: scrubbing her face with soap and boiling hot water, then plunging her head into a vat of distilled water and ice to close the pores. When Helga , a new maid, thinks she has Joan\'s living room in spotless condition, Joan finds one minute detail that she overlooked and loses her temper, intimidating the maid as well as her live-in personal assistant, Carol Ann . Joan is in a relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt ([[Steve Forrest , but her career is in a bit of a downswing. She desperately wants a baby, but is unable to get pregnant; seven pregnancies when she was married to actor Franchot Tone ended in miscarriages. When she is denied an application for adoption, she enlists Gregg\'s help to secure a baby. Joan adopts a girl whom she names Christina, and later a boy, Christopher . Joan lavishes Christina  with attention and luxuries such as an extravagant birthday party, but also enforces a code of denial and discipline. When Christina is showered with gifts, Joan asks which she likes best, then donates the other gifts to charity. As Christina rebels against her mother\'s demands, a series of confrontations ensues. Joan overtakes Christina in a swimming-pool race and proclaims her victory by crowing to the child, "You lost again!" Joan becomes enraged when Christina reacts with disappointment, locking her in the pool house. When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup and imitating her, she hysterically hacks off Christina\'s hair. Her relationship with Gregg becomes a dismal failure; Joan resents Gregg\'s allegiance to studio boss Louis B. Mayer and argues with him after a dinner at Perrino\'s restaurant. Joan guzzles down glasses of vodka and throws a drink in Gregg\'s face after he tells her she is getting old. A physical altercation develops and Gregg breaks up with Joan. The next day, Joan cuts Gregg out of the family photos. Joan\'s tantrums grow more bizarre and violent; When Mayer  forces Joan to leave MGM after theater owners brand her "box office poison," she hacks down her prize rose garden with a pair of large gardening shears and an axe. In the most infamous scene of the film, Joan, with her face slathered in cold cream, stalks into Christina\'s bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child\'s dresses hanging on a wire hanger. She launches into a tirade, screaming at the girl, "I told you! No wire hangers, ever!" She yanks dresses from Christina\'s closet, throws them all over the girl\'s room and beats the screaming girl with the hanger. Joan wrecks the bathroom as well, throwing cleaning powder all over the already spotless bathroom, striking Christina with the tin and screaming at her to clean it up. Joan sends Christina, now a teenager, to boarding school. When Christina is caught in a compromising position with a boy, however, Joan brings her home. Barbara Bennett , a reporter from Redbook magazine, is writing a puff piece on Joan\'s home life. After Joan lies about why her daughter left school, saying that she was expelled, Christina confronts her in front of the reporter. Joan furiously leads Christina into the living room. In the ensuing argument, Joan slaps her twice across the face. Christina questions her mother as to why she was adopted, and Joan confesses that it was partially a publicity stunt. After Christina yells, "I am not one of your fans!," Joan seizes Christina by the throat and throws her to the floor, knocking over a table and breaking it. She then tries to throttle Christina, who pleads with her to stop. Joan chokes Christina, shrieking that she hates her and enjoys hitting her. Christina writhes on the floor, Joan strangling her as though she intends to murder her. Carol Ann and the reporter witness the attack and intervene, pulling Joan away. Christina throws her mother aside and lays coughing on the floor. Joan sends Christina to Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy to punish her; under the academy\'s strict rules, Christina can have no contact with the outside world. Joan then marries Alfred Steele , CEO of Pepsi Cola, moves to New York City and pressures him to shoulder a great deal of debt to fund their lavish lifestyle. After his death, the all-male board tries to force her to resign, but Joan intimidates them into letting her retain her seat by threatening to publicly condemn Pepsi. After leaving the convent school, Christina rents an apartment in Manhattan, where she acts in a soap opera. When she suffers from an ovarian tumor, a stunned Christina is temporarily replaced on the show by her mother. Joan dies of cancer in 1977, whereupon Christina and Christopher  learn their mother has completely disinherited them in her will. When a resigned Christopher says their mother has managed to have the last word, Christina questions that, hinting at the much-publicized book she would write, Mommie Dearest.'] ['The film tells the story of three teenagers, based on real life gangsters Charles "Lucky" Luciano , Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel  and Michael Lasker  , growing up in New York\'s ghettos during the early 1900s to their rise though organized crime.'] [' The film takes place mostly in a surrealistic fantasy around the time of the execution of Joan of Arc. Joan of Arc, played by Ingrid Bergman, is being burned alive for heresy. In a kind of dream state, she departs from her body and begins to look back upon her life. She begins this journey in a depressed and demoralized state. However, a priest appears to help guide her. First, he shows her those that accused her in the guise of animal characters, in order to show her their true nature. Then, he shows her the good that she has performed for people. In the end, she is proud of what she has done and is ready to face the flames.'] ['Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hess was a minister in Ohio. The attack prompts him to become a fighter pilot. Hess had accidentally dropped a bomb on an orphanage in Germany during World War II, killing 37 orphans. At the start of the Korean War, he volunteers to return to the cockpit and is assigned as the senior USAF advisor/Instructor Pilot to the Republic of Korea Air Force, flying F-51D Mustangs. As he and his cadre of USAF instructors train the South Korean pilots, several orphaned war refugees gather at the base, and he solicits the aid of two Korean adults  and establishes a shelter for the orphans. When the Communists begin an offensive in the area, Hess evacuates the orphans on foot and then later, after much struggle with higher headquarters, obtains an airlift of USAF cargo planes to evacuate them to the island of Cheju where a more permanent orphanage is established.'] ['The film tells of novice dancer Irene Foote  who convinces vaudeville comic Vernon Castle  to give up slapstick comedy in favor of sophisticated ballroom dancing. Their big break comes when they are stranded in Paris, along with their friend Walter Ashe , with no money. They catch the eye of influential agent Maggie Sutton , who arranges a tryout for them at the prestigious Café de Paris, where they become an overnight sensation. After taking Europe by storm, the Castles return to the United States and become just as big a sensation. Their fame and fortune rises to unprecedented heights in the immediate pre&ndash;World War I years. When Vernon volunteers to join the air force, Irene makes patriotic movie serials to aid the war effort. However, Vernon is killed in a training accident, leaving Irene to carry on alone.'] ['Though a lowly Chicago street cleaner, Swedish immigrant Paul Kroll  is ambitious and unscrupulous. When a fellow employee is fired , Kroll convinces his foreman ([[John Wray  to keep him on the payroll  so they can split his salary. Soon there are eight "phantom" workers, and Kroll and his partner have amassed $460. However, Kroll has been romancing his partner\'s wife, Babe , behind his back. Meanwhile, he has also been lying to the people of his hometown, telling them what a successful businessman he has become. As a result, when the local match factory is in trouble, his uncle begs him to return and save it. Kroll gets Babe to withdraw the money he has stolen, deceiving her into thinking they are running away together, then leaves her behind as he sails away to Sweden. Back home, he cons the local bank into giving him a loan to buy a second match factory so he can merge them. Only his friend Erik Borg  knows the truth about Kroll\'s "success", so Kroll recruits him as his all-too-trusting second in command in his expanding business. Eventually, Kroll owns all of the match factories in Sweden. However, his ambitions do not stop there. Using information he obtains from beautiful, well-placed women he has charmed, he gains official match monopolies in first Poland, then Germany and other countries by offering loans to cash-strapped governments and bribes to corrupt officials. One day, while dining with Ilse Wagner , one of his conquests, he is dazzled by the beauty of star actress Marta Molnar . Despite her initial rebuffs, he goes to great lengths to win her heart, even hiring a celebrated "gypsy violinist" to serenade her. So enamored is he that he dangerously neglects his business, financed by an ever-growing series of loans. However, he reluctantly returns his attention to his company. One of his agents discovers an eccentric recluse named Christian Hobe  has invented an everlasting match, so Kroll has him locked away as a madman. When the stock market crashes, Kroll can no longer obtain a bank loan. In desperation, he buys $50 million in fake Italian bonds from forger Scarlatti , whom he then dumps in the middle of a lake to drown. With the bonds as collateral, he obtains a $40 million loan from an American bank. Then he thinks of retiring. He asks Marta to marry him, only to discover that, in his frequent absences, she has fallen in love with Trino, the gypsy violinist. Much worse, his forgeries are detected, and his American loan is canceled. Kroll shoots himself on the balcony and his body tumbles into the gutter, where he started.'] ["The film opens with a pre-fame Bruce Lee  delivering newspapers in Seattle, Washington. . We then see Lee competing in various martial arts tournaments and eventually landing a role on the television show The Green Hornet. He also gets married, and has to fight a whole lot of challengers. Later, Lee goes to Hong Kong, and, after being discovered on television by the wife of director Lo Wei, is given a contract at Golden Harvest. Lee also meets and falls in love with actress Betty Ting-Pei, who announces that she is pregnant with his love child . The soap opera-style romance takes over the film in its second half, and at one point there is a love triangle between Lee, Betty Ting-Pei, and one of Lee's co-stars ."] ['Jesco White is the last of the West Virginia mountain dancers. He is the son of D Ray White, the greatest mountain dancer of all time. Ever since Jesco was a child, D Ray tried to keep him on a straight path—one that would put him on the right hand of the Lord. Dancing was just one way to keep Jesco from losing his soul. But from a young age, there was temptation drawing him away from D Ray, away from the dancing. There were the voices in his head, tormenting him. Maybe that’s why Jesco loved to get high. Hooked on sniffing gas, glue, lighter fluid, airplane cement, Jesco was constantly finding himself in trouble with the law. He landed in the reform school more than once, and it was here that he spent most of his adolescence, left to endure the horror of the voices. While incarcerated, Jesco had to endure the brutal and senseless murder of D Ray. Years after his time in reform school, Jesco had made the best of staying true to his daddy’s word. He tried to stay as straight as he could, and used the dancing to do so. But the devil has his ways too, and soon Jesco was back to his old vices. On his way around the south, dancing and performing his version of Elvis Presley in whatever local dives he could, Jesco met the woman of his dreams—four foot three inch Enid Carter. Enid liked to be called Percilla. An off-beat pair, the two managed to keep all their wickedness inside the family. Life was good in this little family until one logging season brought two visitors to town… Long and Davie—the two men responsible for killing D Ray years earlier. It was as though God were testing Jesco again, tempting him with the taste of revenge. And so this temptation was satisfied, and Jesco got the revenge he craved. Running from the police, Jesco hid himself in a small cabin deep in the West Virginia hills. It was here that Jesco reached a dead end. If it was not for that one last bloody act of salvation, Jesco’s soul would have been lost forever.'] ["The opening of the film shows us a montage of Adolf Hitler's life from the years 1899-1907. The 10-year old Hitler  is shown to be arrogant and disobedient. He has a stern, ill-tempered father, Alois Hitler ([[Ian Hogg , and a doting mother, Klara Hitler , who indulges his dreams of becoming a great artist. One day, his father dies of a heart attack but the young Hitler shows no empathy or concern. Several years later, a 17-year old Hitler  applies unsuccessfully to the Vienna Arts Academy but is told he lacks the talent to become an artist. Following his mother’s death, he moves to Vienna permanently but is unable to find work and soon becomes destitute and homeless. Influenced by the city’s prevalent anti-semitism, young Hitler becomes convinced that the Jews and immigrants are to blame for his misfortunes. In 1914, the now adult Hitler  leaves Austria for Munich and joins the Germany army to fight in the First World War. After surviving a major battle, he is promoted to the rank of Corporal but his intense fanaticism and virulent anti-semitic and anti-Marxist rhetoric make him unpopular with the other soldiers, who routinely ridicule and ostracise him. After Hitler displays bravery during one particular battle, he emotionally blackmails his Jewish commanding officer into awarding him an Iron Cross, claiming to be the only soldier in the regiment to defend him against anti-semitism. During the last days of the war, when Germany is in retreat, Hitler is blinded by a gas attack and is recovering in a hospital when, he learns that the German Army has surrendered in the war. Hearing the news, he suffers an emotional breakdown, regains his eyesight and vows to dedicate his life toward reversing the outcome of the war. Hitler returns to Munich in 1919 to find it in the midst of political revolution. Still employed by the army, he is assigned to report on the activities of the newly formed political parties in the city. After attending a meeting of the German Worker’s party, he is recruited by the party’s leader, Anton Drexler , to give speeches and organise its propaganda activities. Hitler’s speeches repeat the same themes: that Germany has been betrayed by the leaders who surrendered in the last war as well as the Communists, Jews and immigrants who are destroying the country from within. Gradually, his popularity as a fiery orator significantly expands the party’s membership and attracts the attention of wealthy entrepreneur, Ernst Hanfstaengl , who encourages Hitler to refine his image and create a symbol for the party - which Hitler does, by cropping his facial hair into his trademark toothbrush moustache, and making the Swastika the party's official emblem, respectively. Hansftaengl also puts Hitler in contact with the city’s elites; among them, decorated war hero, Herman Goering ; who help the party raise funds, allowing Hitler to buy his own newspaper and hire the SA , led by the militant Captain Röhm , to act as his personal security and also promote the party in the streets through agitation and violence against political opponents and Jews. The party’s new direction toward the elites and away from its working class roots upsets Drexler, who wants the party to merge with another right wing group, a decision Hitler strongly opposes. Following a tense confrontation, Hitler threatens to resign the party unless Drexler agrees to step down as leader. Drexler acquiesces, and in 1921, Hitler becomes Fuhrer of the newly named National Socialist Party. In 1923, Germany’s economic situation has worsened and the Bavarian Commissar, Gustav von Kahr , bans Hitler from holding rallies, as he believes the party’s agitation is causing further unrest around the countryside. Hansfaengl introduces Hitler to Fritz Gerlich , a renowned journalist and Von Kahr’s speechwriter. Hitler hopes he can persuade Gerlich to convince Kahr to accept him as an ally in his government. Gerlich, however, concludes from the conversation that Hitler is an unstable psychopath with a dangerous ideology and warns Kahr that he must be stopped. Kahr tries to outfox Hitler by convincing him that he is preparing to stage a military coup against the national government in Berlin and that Hitler must remain silent or else he can play no part in it. Upon learning that the proposed putsch is merely a ruse and that Kahr has no intention of working with him, Hitler confronts Kahr at gunpoint and coerces him and his associates into supporting his own plan for a putsch. To convince them to side with him, he gains the tacit approval of esteemed military general, Erich von Ludendorrff . Röhm and the SA plan to take over the military barracks in preparation for a march on Berlin. However, when Ludendorff releases Von Kahr and his associates, they alert the Bavarian Army of Hitler’s plan and the attempted coup is quickly crushed. Hitler takes refuge at the Hanfstaengl’s home, almost resorting to suicide before Ernst’s wife, Helene Hanfstaengl , stops him. Hitler is promptly arrested by the authorities and put on trial for attempted treason. Much to Gerlich’s horror, who is watching in the stands, Hitler manages to use the trial to his advantage, winning over the audience and the Judge with his courtroom theatrics and compelling speeches, in which he accuses Kahr and the national government, of being the real traitors. Consequently, the Judge awards him a lenient sentence of nine months imprisonment, during which Hitler writes his memoirs , assisted by his secretary, Rudolph Hess . After his release from prison, Hitler visits the Hansftaegls. Ernst has fallen out of favour with Hitler for abandoning the putsch in order to escape jail time and for refusing to publish Hitler’s memoirs. Their relationship is further fractured when Ernst becomes jealous of Hitler’s affections toward Helene, whom Hitler credits for saving his life by talking him out of suicide after the failed putsch. In 1925, Hitler goes to the countryside to escape politics. His older step-sister, Angela , and her daughter, Geli Raubal , come to live with him. Hitler quickly becomes infatuated and protective toward the attractive Geli, and he takes her with him when he returns to Munich to re-unify the party, which has disintegrated into warring factions since his incarceration. Blaming the putsch’s failure on Ludendorff’s incompetence, Hitler declares that the party can no longer rely on military means to achieve power but rather by following a legal, democratic course. He tells the party their task is to win elections, not cause agitation. This declaration puts him into conflict with Röhm, who continues to believe the party’s route to power is through an SA-led coup. Röhm’s refusal to bow to Hitler’s directive strains their relationship. Nonetheless, Hitler’s demand for complete subordination of the party wins the approval of the remaining party leaders, including an impressionable young agitator named Joseph Goebbels . During the late 1920s, as Germany’s economic situation once again worsens, the party’s political fortunes improve, with the National Socialists gaining more and more seats in the Reichstag with each election. Alarmed by the party’s growing popularity, Gerlich proceeds to write articles in opposition to Hitler, inflaming both Hitler and the SA, who attempt to suppress the newspaper through violence and intimidation. The paper’s editor bows to the pressure and fires Gerlich. Gerlich, however, soon forms his own newspaper by covertly using the same publishing house which produces Hitler’s newspapers, knowing that it is the one publishing company Hitler cannot afford to close down. Meanwhile, Geli, who has become distraught by Hitler’s emotionally abusive behaviour and overbearing control over her life, commits suicide with his pistol. Following her death, Hitler becomes acquainted with Eva Braun , who soon becomes his live-in lover until she too begins experiencing the same feeling of imprisonment that Geli felt. Eva eventually attempts suicide, but after the attempt fails, Hitler tells her never to do so again as it will interfere with his political ambitions. In 1932, Hitler becomes a German citizen in order so that he may run for President against incumbent, Paul von Hindenburg . Although he is unsuccessful, the party has become the largest party in the Reichstag, a fact which emboldens Hitler to demand Hindenburg appoint him Chancellor . Hindenburg, who despises Hitler, instead appoints Franz von Papen and Kurt von Schleicher to the Chancellorship, respectively, but both men fail in their positions as the National Socialists continually use their majority to dissolve each parliamentary session. Left with no other choice, Hindenburg appoints Hitler German Chancellor in 1933. Hitler tells Goering and Goebbels that they must do something drastic to consolidate their hold on power. Thereafter, the Reichstag is mysteriously set on fire, allegedly by a communist, and Hitler uses the incident to persuade the parliament to award him dictatorial powers, which include suspension of civil liberties and suppression of the press. As a consequence, Gerlich's newspaper is shut down and he is arrested by the SA. Despite Germany becoming a police state under his command, Hitler still feels insecure in his position and believes he must crush all his opponents once and for all. On June 30, 1934 , Röhm is arrested for refusing to accept that the SA must be absolved into the German Army rather than remain a separate para-military force. Given the choice by Hitler to commit suicide, Röhm refuses and is shot dead. Gerlich, who has been imprisoned at the Dachau concentration camp, is brutally beaten and murdered, and his wife sent a pair of his bloodied spectacles with no official notice of her husband’s death. Von Kahr, Schelicher and Hitler’s other political enemies are all swiftly ambushed and murdered. Hanfstaengl, who has all but completely fallen out out favour with Hitler, and whose marriage to Helene has become estranged after she has grown closer to Hitler, makes plans to flee Germany and the new regime. Following Hindenburg’s death in August, 1934, Hitler combines the office of President and Chancellor into one – at last making him the absolute ruler of Germany."] ['The film is an adaptation of poet and memoirist Jim Carroll\'s  juvenile diaries chronichling his kaleidoscopic free-fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction. As a member of a seemingly unbeatable high school basketball squad, Jim\'s life centers around the basketball court and the court becomes a metaphor for the world in his mind. A best friend who is dying of leukemia, a coach  who takes unacceptable liberties with the boys on his team, teenage sexual angst, and an appetite for heroin all begin to encroach on young Jim\'s dream of becoming a basketball star. Soon, the dark streets of New York become a refuge from his mother\'s mounting concern for her son. He cannot go home and his only escape from the reality of the streets is heroin for which he steals, robs and prostitutes himself. Only with the help of Reggie, an older neighborhood friend with whom Jim "picked up a game" now and then, is he able to begin the long journey back to sanity, which ultimately ends with Jim\'s incarceration in a state penitentiary. After months in the hospital, he gets out and later does a talk show about his drug life, but before that he turned down free drugs given to him by his old friend, Pedro. The film is set in the early 90s, while Carroll\'s actual book recounts experiences from growing up in the 60s. Jim started out as a practice basketball player, and moved on to writing his Basketball Diaries.'] ['Francesco, the spoiled son of Pietro Bernardone, a wealthy textile merchant, returns home from fighting in the war between Assisi and Perugia. Struck by a feverish illness that has forced him to leave the war, Francesco lies on his bed tormented by visions of his past when he was a boisterous, arrogant youth. During a long recovery process, he slowly finds God in the midst of all, in poverty, chastity and obedience, experiencing a recovery not only of his body but of his soul. Healthy again, Francesco returns to his normal life as a rich young man. However, to the consternation of his parents, he begins to spend lots of time surrounded by nature, flowers, trees, animals and poetry as he becomes more and more reluctant to resume his prior life style. Pietro\'s obsession with gold now fills Francesco with revulsion, creating an open confrontation between Francesco and Pietro. Francesco rebuffs offers to take over the family business and throws the textiles out of the window. Pietro, frustrated, beats Francesco and humiliates him in front of the city\'s Bishop and population. Francesco renounces all his worldly possessions and his "noble" family name Bernardone and leaves Assisi naked and free from his past to live an ascetic and simple life as a man of God and nature. Francesco goes toward the ruins of the chapel of San Damiano, where he hears God\'s voice asking him to restore it. Much to the dismay of his family, friends and the local bishop, Francesco gradually gains a following amongst the poor and the suffering. His friend Bernardo happily joins him after returning from a Crusade that left him in sorrow and emptiness. Two other friends, Silvestro and Giocondo, admiring Francesco\'s new life style as a beggar, help to rebuild the chapel of San Damiano. Clare, a beautiful young woman also from a wealthy family, serves and cares for lepers of the community. She joins the brothers in their life of poverty. Meanwhile in Assisi, the high classes of nobility, including the Bishop, protest against Francesco and his group, worried about them "corrupting" the whole of Assisi\'s youth and they command Francesco\'s friend Paolo to hinder and stop the so-called "minor brothers". One day the chapel is set on fire by the establishment, and one of the parishioners is dead. Because of conflicts between the high corrupted levels of the Church and Francesco\'s group, Francesco decides to walk to the Vatican in Rome to ask Pope Innocent III for advice. Once in Rome, Francesco becomes stunned by the enormous wealth, power, lust and emptiness that surrounds the throne of St. Peter. When brought to face the Pope, Francesco breaks from reciting Paolo\'s carefully prepared script and calmly protests against such pomp and worldliness, reciting the scriptures  to prove that Christ\'s words are totally opposite to Rome\'s wealth. Due to his protest, Francesco and his friends are jailed, and, finally accepting his admiration toward Francesco, Paolo decides to join them, revealing to Francesco how ashamed he is to be dressed in fine and luxurious clothes in front of a humble and kind man dressed as a beggar. Apparently convinced by the sincerity of Paolo\'s conversion, the Pope orders Francesco and his friends to be brought back. To everyone\'s astonishment, the Pope kisses Francesco\'s feet and blesses him and his companions, wishing for them a long world-wide society of men and women willing to serve God in just that way. Some of the final lines from Rome  place the sincerity of the Pope\'s display in question, if the words speak for the Pope: "Don\'t be alarmed, his holiness knows what he is doing. This is the man who will speak to the poor, and bring them back to us." The film finishes with the sight of Francesco slowly walking alone into the distance in the countryside.'] ['Before Night Falls is based on the autobiography of the same name by Cuban poet and novelist Reinaldo Arenas. In the film, Arenas, who was openly gay, is born in Oriente in 1943 and raised by his single mother and her parents, who soon move the entire family to Holguín. After moving to Havana in the sixties to continue his studies, Reinaldo begins to explore his ambitions, as well as his sexuality. After receiving an honorary mention in a writing contest, Arenas is offered the chance to publish his first work. Through his work and friendships with other openly gay men , Arenas manages to find himself. The political climate in Cuba becomes increasingly dangerous, and in the early seventies Arenas is arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting minors, and for publishing abroad without official consent. In the next decade, Arenas is in and out of prison, attempting and failing to leave the country several times. In 1980, Arenas finally leaves Cuba for the US, starting a new life with his close friend and lover Lazaro Gomez Carriles. A few years later, Arenas is diagnosed with AIDS, and after spending several years suffering he dies in 1990 with the help of Lazaro.'] ["The story begins with the birth of the Tsarevich Alexei in the opulent surroundings of the Imperial Court. The Russo-Japanese War is on and Tsar Nicholas  is warned by Count Witte  and Grand Duke Nicholas  that the war is futile and costing too many lives. They also tell him that the Russian people want a representative government, health care, voting and workers' rights, but Nicholas wants to maintain the traditional autocracy left to him by his forefathers. Meanwhile, underground political parties led by Vladimir Lenin ([[Michael Bryant , Joseph Stalin  and Leon Trotsky ([[Brian Cox  have formed. Alexei is soon diagnosed with haemophilia. The Tsarina Alexandra  is frantic. A shy former German princess who is not highly thought of by the Russian royal court, she is isolated, but is befriended by Grigori Rasputin , a Siberian peasant who describes himself as a religious pilgrim or holy man. He has become a curiosity with some people at court. Later Alexandra calls upon him to help her pray for Alexei, and comes to believe in his healing, life-saving abilities. In a textile mill, working under ghastly conditions, the people are encouraged by their priest, Father George Gapon . He leads them, joined by many other peasant workers, in a clearly peaceful procession to the Winter Palace, intending to present a petition to the Tsar. Hundreds of soldiers stand ready in front of the palace; their commanding officer tells them to shoot up in the air, but he falls from his horse, there is a panic, and the soldiers proceed to fire randomly into the crowd. Nicholas has not been at the palace and is horrified when he hears of the massacre, but admits he wouldn't have granted the people's requests. ([[Bloody Sunday  Eight years later, on the 300th anniversary of Romanov rule, the family holidays at the Livadia Palace in the Crimea. Alexei  is a very lively little boy who is constantly prevented from leading a normal life. A close bond, however, exists between Alexei and his bodyguard/protector, the Russian Naval Sailor Nagorny . Prime Minister Pyotr Stolypin , who succeeded Witte, has commissioned the Imperial Duma and granted some of the people’s requests in order to preserve the Russian Empire. Prime Minister Stolypin also presents Nicholas with police reports about Rasputin's dissolute behaviour, which is serving to give the Tsar a bad reputation. As a result, the Tsar dismisses Rasputin from the court. Alexandra demands his return. She knows Alexei’s haemophilia was inherited from her, and is racked with guilt. She is obsessed with the thought that only Rasputin can stop the bleeding attacks when they occur. The Tercentenary celebration occurs in a grand fashion with much partying and festivities, but takes a turn for the worse when Prime Minister Stolypin is shot at an opera performance in Kiev. Nicholas retaliates not only by uprooting the conspiracy and executing the killers, but also by closing the Duma and allowing police to terrorise the peasants and burn their homes. Alexei has a minor fall at the Spala Hunting Lodge, which leads to his worst internal bleeding attack yet. It is presumed that he will die. The Tsaritsa writes a letter to Rasputin, who soon responds with words of comfort and confidence. Sure enough, the Tsarevich recovers, and Rasputin is allowed to return. World War I begins a few weeks after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, part of Austria-Hungary. Germany declares war on Russia immediately after Nicholas has ordered the mobilisation of Russia’s forces on the German border. Nicholas decides to command the troops himself in 1915 and leaves for the front, taking over from his much more experienced cousin, Grand Duke Nicholas. This leaves Alexandra in charge at home. Under Rasputin's influence and her own conservative inclinations, she makes unwise decisions. Very few people have been told about Alexei's illness or how Rasputin appears to be helping him, so it looks like the Tsarina is losing her mind, or perhaps having an affair with Rasputin. Out on the front lines, Nicholas is visited by his mother the Dowager Empress Maria Foeodorovna , , who scolds him about not attending to crumbling domestic issues and implores him to eliminate Rasputin . On a sort of drunken whim, two decadent young princes, Grand Duke Dmitri  and Prince Felix Yusupov ([[Martin Potter , invite Rasputin to an opium party and kill him in December, 1916. Deprived of her only trusted advisor, Alexandra becomes unable to cope. Workers go on strike everywhere. The army is ill supplied. Starving and freezing, they revolt and St. Petersburg is overrun with them. Nicholas makes a long return to Tsarskoye Selo, but is forced to abdicate in his train at Mogilev, not only for himself but for Alexei, who is furious when he hears this, and becomes withdrawn, believing that the family will soon perish.  The family (and Dr. Botkin  are forced to leave the Alexander Palace at Tsarskoye Selo by Kerensky and are brought to Siberia in mid-1917, where they live under less grand conditions with rough but decent guards. In late 1917, Russia falls into the hands of the Bolshevik Party, the one revolutionary group that nobody took seriously. The Russian Civil War starts very soon afterwards, and the family is transferred to the grim Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg, under harsher conditions, and into the keeping of the cold-blooded and unfeeling Yakov Yurovsky ([[Alan Webb  . At one point, some of the guards are physically harsh with young Alexei, so Nagorny leaps to his defence and attacks them. Nagorny is taken away and shot, leaving Alexei even more embittered and withdrawn than he was before. In a near-final tragic scene, the family is shown laughing as they read previously withheld letters from friends, relatives and teachers. Only Alexei remains aloof, sensing what is about to happen. The Bolsheviks are frantically deciding what to do as the White Army is on the verge on capturing Yekaterinburg. In the middle of the night of 16/17 July 1918, the Bolsheviks awaken the Romanov family and Dr. Botkin. Told they’re being sent to another city, the family and the doctor pack their things and wait in the cellar. Their keeper Yurovsky and his assistants enter the room, as Alexei kisses his father for the last time. They point their guns at the family, causing Olga  and Tatiana  to scream, Maria  to run into the doctor’s arms and Alexandra to cross herself. Then they open fire, and the first bullet goes through Nicholas' hand. The end scene shows the wall covered in blood."] ['Chicago, 1919: A young Al Capone arrives to work for mob boss Johnny Torrio. He meets Torrio\'s top man, "Big Jim" Colosimo, who runs business and politics in the First Ward while secretly on Torrio\'s payroll. Prohibition is enacted a year later, causing Torrio and other gangsters like Dini O\'Bannion, George "Bugs" Moran and Earl "Hymie" Weiss to compete for profits in bootleg liquor and beer. Torrio\'s rivals conspire to have Colosimo and his henchmen killed. A reform mayor is elected, so Torrio and Capone change their base of operations to Cicero, a few miles away. Capone also has O\'Bannion killed and makes a play for Maureen Flannery, the widow of one of Colosimo\'s men. Weiss and Moran return the favor by ordering Torrio to be shot. Capone retaliates by knocking off Weiss and forcing merchants throughout the city to pay for "protection." A sergeant in the Chicago police, Schaefer, is promoted to captain and vows to end the bloodshed and extortion and put Scarface Capone behind bars. With the heat on from the cops, a crooked newspaperman named Keely tries to bribe Schaefer but fails. So he persuades Capone to move to Florida until things cool down. From a safe distance, Capone masterminds the St. Valentine\'s Day Massacre, with several of Moran\'s men gunned down in a Chicago garage. Capone and Moran call a truce, but when he learns Keely has been helping a Moran plot to kill him, Capone ends the reporter\'s life instead. Maureen finally has her fill of Capone\'s corruption and violence, while Schaefer and the feds find a way to finally put Capone away -- on charges of tax evasion, earning him 11 years at Alcatraz.'] ["Hank Williams is making a buck pitching a snake-oil cure-all to the gullible, capping his spiel by picking up his guitar and singing. In the crowd is The Drifting Cowboys, a group of touring country-western musicians who happen to be passing through. Say, Hank, would you like to join our group? Memphis-born George Hamilton is winningly natural as Williams in the musical biopic of the short-lived but forever influential “Hillbilly Shakespeare.” It’s a deeply felt, lived-in story, made with the assistance of his widow Audrey and featuring timeless songs (Long Gone Lonesome Blues, I Can’t Help It and [[ Hey Good Lookin'  lip-synched by Hamilton but sung by another C&W great: Hank Williams, Jr."] ['Alvin York , a poor young Tennessee hillbilly, is an exceptional marksman, but a ne\'er-do-well prone to drinking and fighting, which doesn\'t make things any easier for his patient mother . He undergoes a religious awakening when he is struck by lightning during a late-night rainstorm and turns his life around, assisted by Pastor Rosier Pile . York vows never to get angry at anyone ever again, determining to be a good husband and provider for his sweetheart Gracie Williams . York tries to avoid induction into the Army for World War I as a conscientious objector due to his religious beliefs but gets drafted into the Army nonetheless. His status as a true conscientious objector is rejected since his church has no official standing, and he reluctantly reports to Camp Gordon for Army basic training. During basic training, his superiors find out that he is a phenomenal marksman and decide to promote him to corporal. York still wants nothing to do with the Army and killing. Major Buxton, his sympathetic commanding officer, lectures York about history from a U.S. history book. He gives York temporary leave to go home and think about fighting to save lives. York wants to read the U.S. history book and the officer gives it to him. He tells York that after his leave if he still does not want to fight then he would recommend his conscientious objector exemption. York reads the book, and while fasting and seeking God, the wind blows his Bible open to a page and verse which instructs, "Render therefore unto Cæsar the things which are Cæsar\'s; and unto God the things that are God\'s." York reports back for duty and tells his superiors that he can serve his country, leaving the matter in God\'s hands, though he still has doubts that whether the Bible allows that he can kill someone. His unit is shipped out to Europe and participates in an attack during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Pinned down by German fire and seeing his friends being shot down all around him, his self-doubt disappears. Owing to the large number of casualties, York suddenly finds himself the last remaining Non-Commissioned Officer  and thus placed in charge. He works his way around behind German lines and shoots with such deadly effect that the Germans surrender. Then, York forces a captured German officer  at gunpoint to order the Germans still fighting to surrender. He and the handful of other survivors end up with 132 prisoners. York becomes a national hero and is awarded the Medal of Honor. York later explains that he did what he did to hasten the end of the war and minimize the killing. Returning to Tennessee, after a ticker tape parade and celebration, the people of Tennessee have purchased the bottomland farm he tried to get before the war and paid for a house to be built on the land where Gracie and Alvin will start their married life.'] ['In 1914, Lois Burnham, a college-educated woman from an affluent family, met and fell in love with Bill Wilson, a young man of modest means. They married in 1918, and after his return from World War I, the two set out to build a life together. While Lois worked as a nurse, Bill struggled to find his niche. Lois believed that Bill was destined for greatness, and despite his increasing reliance on alcohol, she showered him with love and support. Eventually, Lois persuaded a friend’s husband to hire Bill at his financial firm. By 1927, Bill was working on Wall Street and the couple was living a luxurious lifestyle. But despite Lois’s valiant efforts to control his drinking, Bill’s addiction to alcohol spiraled out-of-control. Soon his job, their lifestyle and their dreams were all gone. In 1935, after years of struggling to cover for Bill and trying desperately to manage his disease by herself, Lois finally saw him get and stay sober – not through her help, but from the support of a fellow alcoholic, Dr. Bob Smith. As Bill and Bob attained lasting sobriety and co-founded Alcoholics Anonymous, Lois began to feel neglected. Bill got and stayed sober without her help, and she felt isolated and resentful. Lois soon discovered she was not alone in her isolation and anger, and that there was a vast number of people whose lives and relationships had been devastated because a loved one was an alcoholic or drug addict. To help herself, and others like her, she co-founded Al-Anon in 1951.'] ["Joey battled leukemia since the age of three, and was one of the first children to undergo chemotherapy for the disease. The story traces John through his years at Penn State seeking the Heisman Trophy, and Joey his preteens, as each brother inspires the other, and their family around them, to try harder in life. John wins the Heisman during a downturn in Joey's illness. During his acceptance speech, John names Joey as his prime motivator, then gradually breaks down in tears, as he tells everyone he wants Joey to have his trophy, for inspiring him and for enduring so much difficulty with leukemia. The whole Cappelletti family is there, and Joey runs to John's side. The film ends by revealing Joey succumbed to his leukemia and died with John by his side on April 8, 1976."] ["The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo."] ["The movie is a depiction of the life of former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, focusing primarily on his mayoral career and response to the September 11 attacks.James Woods prepares for his role as NYC's ex-Mayor | Rudy: The Rudy Giuliani Story | Television News | TV | Entertainment Weekly"] ['The movie begins in Atlanta federal penitentiary, where an aging prisoner named Joseph Valachi  is imprisoned for smuggling heroin. The boss of his crime family, Vito Genovese , is imprisoned there as well. Genovese is certain that Valachi is an informant, and gives him the "kiss of death." Valachi kisses him back. Valachi mistakenly kills a fellow prisoner who he wrongly thinks is a mob assassin. Told of the mistake by federal agents, Valachi becomes an informant, the first in the history of the Mafia. He tells his life story in flashback. The movie traces Valachi from a young punk to a gangster associating with bosses like Salvatore Maranzano . Maranzano tells a mourner at a funeral, "I cannot bring back the dead. I can only kill the living." Valachi marries a boss\'s daughter, played by Bronson\'s real-life wife Jill Ireland. Valachi\'s rise in the Mafia is hampered by his poor relations with his capo, Tony Bender . Bender is portrayed castrating a mobster for having relations with another mobster\'s wife. Valachi shoots the man to put him out of his misery. The mayhem and murder continue to the present, with Valachi shown testifying before a Senate committee. He is upset with having to testify and attempts suicide, but in the end  outlives Genovese, who dies in prison.'] ["The film recounts the troubled life of French sculptor Camille Claudel and her long relationship with legendary sculptor Auguste Rodin. Beginning in the 1880s with a young Claudel's first meeting with Rodin, the film traces the development of their intense romantic bond. The growth of this relationship coincides with the rise of Claudel's career, helping her overcome prejudices against female artists. However, their romance soon sours, due to the increasing pressures of Rodin's fame and his love for another woman. These difficulties combine with her increasing doubts about the value of her work to drive Claudel into an emotional tumult that threatens to become insanity."] ['During World War I, a seemingly respectable middle-aged man Henri Landru has devised an ingenious means of obtaining money to supplement his dwindling income. Adopting various assumed names, he lures middle-class women to his villa at Gambais just outside Paris, where he kills them and burns their bodies. He then helps himself to his victims’ bank accounts so that he can keep his wife, his mistress and his four children in the manner to which they have grown accustomed. Having murdered ten women and one boy, Landru is finally captured and placed before a court of law. Eloquent in his protestations of innocence, he is confident that no jury will condemn a man of such intellect and breeding.'] ['In 1928 in New York State, aspiring author Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings  advises her husband that her last book was rejected by a publisher, and she has bought an orange grove in Florida and is leaving him to go there. She drives to the nearest town alone, and arrives in time for her car to die. Local resident Norton Baskin  takes her the rest of the distance to a dilapidated and overgrown cabin attached to an even more overgrown orange grove. Despite Baskin\'s  doubts, she stays and begins to fix up the property. The local residents of "the Creek" begin to interact with her. Marsh Turner  comes around with his daughter Ellie , a teenage girl who keeps a deer fawn as a pet she has named Flag. A black woman, Geechee , arrives and offers to work for her, despite the fact that Rawlings insists she cannot pay her much. The grove languishes below her expectations and Rawlings writes another novel, hoping to get it published. A very young married couple arrives to inhabit a cabin on Rawlings\' property. The woman is very pregnant and they both reject Rawlings\' attempts to help them. Rawlings employs the assistance of a few of the Creek residents, Geechee and Baskin, to unblock a vital irrigation vein for her grove, and it begins to improve. The young couple has their child. Ellie\'s deer grows older and escapes her pen, and Marsh foretells that the deer will have to be killed for eating all their food. Geechee\'s husband comes to stay with her after being released from prison, and Rawlings offers him a place to work in her grove, but he refuses and Rawlings asks him to leave. Even though her husband drinks and gambles, Geechee goes to leave with him, and Rawlings admits she will be sad to see Geechee leave, after Geechee demands to know why Rawlings would allow a friend to make such a mistake. Geechee decides to stay after all after telling Rawlings that she should learn how to treat her friends better. Rawlings submits her novel, a gothic romance, to Max Perkins, and it is rejected again. He writes her in return to tell her to write him stories about the people she describes so well in her letters, instead of the popular English governess stories she has been writing. She does so immediately, beginning with telling the story of the young married couple . During a visit to the Turner\'s home on Ellie\'s 14th birthday, Flag escapes his pen once more and Marsh is forced to shoot him after he has eaten the family\'s vegetables. Ellie screams at him in hatred, and Marsh goes on a bender, goes into town and attracts the attention of the sheriff. The sheriff finds Marsh drinking moonshine with a shotgun across his lap, and demands the gun. When Marsh offers it to him, the sheriff shoots him . Max Perkins  visits and accepts her story  upon reading it. Baskin asks Rawlings to marry him, which she accepts after much hesitation about her independence. Rawlings realizes her profound attachment to the land at Cross Creek.'] ['The plot of the film begins with the pope\'s visit to Jerusalem, a stop on his 91st trip abroad, which occurred between 20 March and 26 March, 2000. At the Western Wall, he asked God to forgive the sins of the church, before retreating alone to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. At an early age, he lost his mother and his brother Edmund. Pope John Paul lived through the Nazi occupation of his homeland, Poland during World War II. Through all these hardships, he maintained his love for Jesus of Nazareth and the virgin Mary. He became an ordained priest, and eventually the archbishop of Cracow, where he began his fight against Communism and oppression. On October 16, 1978, Karol Wojtyla became the 264th pope of the Roman Catholic Church, and now called himself John Paul II. The "Polish Pope" himself made history with the second longest papacy in history. He survived the assassination attempt by Ali Agca and used his influence to help bring Communism to its knees. On 2 April 2005, Pope John Paul II died.'] ['Marie Sklodowska  is a poor, idealistic student living in Paris and studying at the Sorbonne. She neglects her health and one day faints during class. Her tutor, Prof. Perot  is sympathetic and, finding that she has no friends or family in Paris, invites her to a soirée his wife is throwing for a "few friends" . Among the many guests is physicist Pierre Curie , an extremely shy and absentminded man completely devoted to his work. He allows Marie to share his lab and finds that she is a gifted scientist. Appalled that she plans on returning to Poland to teach after graduation, rather than devoting her life to further study, he takes her to visit his family in their country home. Marie and Pierre both tend to concentrate on science to the extent that they don\'t realize until the last minute they have fallen in love. Even when Pierre asks Marie to be his wife, he does so in terms of reason, logic and chemistry. Fascinated by a demonstration she saw as an undergraduate, of a pitchblende rock that seems to generate enough energy to take small photographs, Marie decides to make the rock\'s energy the subject of her doctoral study. The measurements she takes don\'t seem to add up, and she decides there must be a third radioactive element in the rock in addition to the two she knows are in there.  The physics department at the Sorbonne refuses to fund their research without more proof of the element\'s existence, but allows them to use a dilapidated old shed across the courtyard from the physics building. In spite of its disadvantages, they import eight tons of pitchblende ore and cook it down to look for the element they call radium. In spite of inability to separate out pure radium, they know something is definitely there, as Marie\'s hands are being burned. They hit on a tedious method of crystallization to arrive at pure radium. Now world-famous, they go on vacation to rest after all the press conferences and the Nobel Prize. They\'re granted a new laboratory by the university; before its dedication Marie shows off her new dress, inspiring Pierre to go get her a set of earrings to go with it. Walking home in the rain, he absentmindedly crosses the street in front of a delivery wagon and is run down and killed. Marie almost loses her mind, but after the concerned Prof. Perot counsels her, she rallies when she remembers Pierre\'s words that if one of them is gone, the other must go on working just the same. The film concludes with a speech she gives at the 25th anniversary celebration of the discovery of radium, expressing her belief that science is the path to a better world.'] ['Edwin "Ned" Booth is the son of the noted thespian Junius Brutus Booth and the nephew of another actor, John Wilkes Booth. In 1848, as a young man, he assists Junius, who is often drunk and seems at times on the brink of madness. Several years go by. A theater owner, Dave Prescott, eagerly anticipates a Junius performance in San Francisco, but the actor is again unable to perform. Ned, who has memorized his uncle\'s lines, substitutes in a performance of Richard III at a mining camp, where the miners, disappointed at first, are ultimately pleased by what they see. Prescott, however, breaks the news later that Junius is dead. Ned returns east, where John Wilkes Booth is on stage doing Taming of the Shrew nightly at Ford\'s theater in Washington D.C., somewhat envious of his nephew\'s growing stature as an actor. Ned travels to New Orleans, where he meets and marries a member of a theatrical company, Mary Devlin. The war breaks out and John is said to be working steadfastly for the Confederacy\'s cause. He declines an offer from Ned to go to London together for a production of Hamlet, and when a pregnant Mary falls ill, Ned begins drinking heavily and missing performances. Mary\'s death turns her husband morose. Then comes the terrible news one night that John Wilkes Booth has assassinated President Abraham Lincoln by gunshot at Ford\'s theater. Ned elects to proceed with a scheduled stage performance in New York, where members of the audience shout insults and throw objects at him. He continues with his performance, nonetheless, until all grow quiet at the sound of his voice.'] ["Thora Birch stars as Liz Murray, the homeless daughter of an extremely dysfunctional Bronx family. Liz Murray is a young girl who is taken care of by her loving, but drug-addicted, parents. After her mother dies of AIDS, which she got from sharing needles during her drug abuse, she got a 'slap in the face' by her mother's death and begins her work to finish high school, which she amazingly completed in two years, rather than the usual four. She becomes a star student and earns a scholarship to Harvard University through an essay contest sponsored by the New York Times."] ['The film opens with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious  out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen . Vicious is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. A few years earlier, Vicious and Johnny Rotten  meet Spungen, a groupie who has come to London to bed The Sex Pistols. Vicious dismisses her at first, but starts dating her after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Vicious\' relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up in the midst of a disastrous American tour. Vicious attempts to start a solo career with Spungen as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Spungen are heavily addicted to heroin, and Spungen has spiraled into a deep depression. It ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Vicious announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England, a suicidal Spungen begs him to kill her. They fight in a drug-induced haze, and he stabs her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Spungen awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Vicious is released on bail. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. In the meanwhile, a taxi with Nancy riding in the back seat picks Vicious up and drives away as Sid and Nancy embrace. The postscript then says that Vicious died of a heroin overdose: "Nancy and Sid R.I.P."'] ['A young journalist, David Katz, who writes for a hip-hop magazine called "Mic Check", starts following a music mogul around as part of a story and over time incorrectly starts to think he is part of that world, which leads to him writing an article for a gossip newspaper that starts a rivalry between the producer and his most famous rapper.'] ["The lives of Dashiell Hammett  and Lillian Hellman  are set against the golden era of Hollywood, HUAC and the issue of Communism of the 1950s. This intimate look at the lives of two of this century's literary titans follows their tumultuous affair, drinking bouts, career highs and lows, and activities in support of far left causes including Hammett's public avowal of Communism and his membership in the Communist party and Hellman's sympathies for the Stalinist regime in the Soviet Union before World War II."] ["In 1904, Uncle Latsie comes to New York from Hungary with two little nieces, who immediately take to cafe dancing. In 1912, they're still at it, but to pay Uncle's card debts they decide to go into vaudeville. Singer Harry Fox, whom they meet en route, schemes to get them an audition with the great Hammerstein, but their resulting success takes them far out of Harry's league. Lots of songs with a little story."] ["Struggling writer Émile Zola  shares a drafty Paris attic with his friend, painter Paul Cézanne . A chance encounter with a street prostitute  hiding from a police raid leads to his first bestseller, Nana, an exposé of the steamy underside of Parisian life. Other successful books follow. Zola becomes rich and famous; he marries Alexandrine  and settles down to a comfortable life in his mansion. One day, his old friend Cézanne, still poor and unknown, visits him before leaving the city. He tells Zola that he has become complacent, a far cry from the zealous reformer of his youth. Meanwhile, a French secret agent steals a letter addressed to a military officer in the German embassy. The letter confirms there is a spy within the top French army staff. With little thought, the army commanders decide that Jewish Captain Alfred Dreyfus  is the traitor. He is courtmartialed and imprisoned on Devil's Island in French Guyana. Later, Colonel Picquart , the new chief of intelligence, discovers evidence implicating Major Walsin-Esterhazy  as the spy, but he is ordered by his superiors to remain silent, as this revelation would embarrass them. He is quickly reassigned to a distant post. Years go by. Finally, Dreyfus's loyal wife Lucie  pleads with Zola to take up her husband's cause. Zola is reluctant to give up his comfortable life, but the evidence she has brought him piques his curiosity. He publishes a letter in the newspaper accusing the army of covering up a monstrous injustice. Zola barely escapes from an angry mob incited by agents provocateurs employed by the military. As he had expected, he is brought to trial for libel. His attorney, Maitre Labori  does his best, but the presiding judge refuses to allow him to bring up the Dreyfus affair and the military witnesses all commit perjury, with the exception of Picquart. Zola is found guilty and sentenced to a year in prison. He reluctantly accepts the advice of his friends and flees to England, where he continues to write on behalf of Dreyfus. A new administration finally admits that Dreyfus is innocent, those responsible for the coverup are forced to resign or are dismissed, and Walsin-Esterhazy flees the country. However, Zola dies of carbon monoxide poisoning due to a faulty stove the night before the public ceremony in which Dreyfus is exonerated."] ["The film explores the love triangle of real-life characters Neal Cassady, Jack Kerouac, and Carolyn Cassady in the late 1950's and the 1960's. It chronicles Jack Kerouac writing his seminal novel On the Road, and its effect on their lives."] ['On 2 February, 1990, Nelson Mandela is released from Victor Verster Prison after 27 years spent in jail. Four years later, Mandela is elected to be the first black President of South Africa. His presidency faces enormous challenges in the post-Apartheid era, including rampant poverty and crime. Mandela is particularly concerned about racial divisions between black and white South Africans, which could lead to violence. The ill will which both groups hold towards each other is seen even in his own security detail where relations between the established white officers, who had guarded Mandela\'s predecessors, and the black ANC additions to the security detail, are frosty and marked by mutual distrust. While attending a game of the Springboks, the country\'s rugby union team, Mandela recognizes that the blacks in the stadium cheer against their \'home\' squad, as the mostly-white Springboks represent prejudice and apartheid in their minds. He remarks that he did the same while imprisoned on Robben Island. Knowing that South Africa is set to host the 1995 Rugby World Cup in one year\'s time, Mandela convinces a meeting of the newly-black-dominated South African Sports Committee to support the Springboks. He then meets with the captain of the Springboks rugby team, François Pienaar , and implies that a Springboks victory in the World Cup will unite and inspire the nation. Mandela also shares with Francis a poem, "Invictus", that had inspired him during his time in prison. Francis and his teammates train. Many South Africans, both black and white, doubt that rugby will unite a nation torn apart by some 50 years of racial tensions. For many blacks, especially the radicals, the Springboks symbolised white supremacy. However, both Mandela and Pienaar stand firmly behind their theory that the game can successfully unite the South African country. Things begin to change as the players interact with the fans and begin a friendship with them. During the opening games, support for the Springboks begins to grow among the black population. By the second game, the whole country comes together to support the Springboks and Mandela\'s efforts. Mandela\'s security team also grows closer as the various officers come to respect their comrades professionalism and dedication. The Springboks surpass all expectations and qualify for the final against New Zealand All Blacks&mdash;the most successful rugby team in the world both then and now. Prior to the game, the Springbok team visits Robben Island, where Mandela spent 27 years in jail. There Pienaar is inspired by Mandela\'s will and his idea of self-mastery in the poem Invictus. Francis mentions his amazement that Mandela "could spend thirty years in a tiny cell, and come out ready to forgive the people who put [him] there". Supported by a large home crowd of both races, Pienaar motivates his team. Mandela\'s security detail receives a scare when, just before the match, a jumbo jet buzzes the stadium, but it is not an assassination attempt but a demonstration of patriotism. The Springboks win the match on an added time long drop-kick from fly-half Joel Stransky, with a score of 15–12. Mandela and Pienaar meet on the field together to celebrate the improbable and unexpected victory. Mandela\'s car is then seen driving away in the traffic-jammed streets leaving the stadium. As Mandela watches the South Africans celebrating together in the car, Mandela\'s voice is heard reciting the poem, "Invictus".'] ["The film opens with Hitler's 56th birthday on April 20, 1945, and ends 10 days later, with his suicide on April 30."] ['With no better offers to be had, famous American Civil War upstart officer George Armstrong Custer takes over the Western Cavalry maintaining the peace in the Dakotas. He soon learns that the U.S. treaties are a sham, that Indian lands are being stolen and every excuse for driving them off their hunting grounds is being encouraged. With his wife Elizabeth  Custer goes in and out of favor in Washington, while failing to keep wildcatting miners like his own deserting Sergeant Mulligan  from running off to prospect for gold in Indian country. After trying to humble the prideful Indian warrior Sitting Bull , Custer leads the 7th Cavalry into defeat.'] ["Helen Morgan begins her career as a Chicago carnival dancer. She catches the eye of fast-talking, double-dealing Larry Maddux, whose promotion catapults her to fame as a Broadway performer in Show Boat and a headliner in her own nightclub. Morgan anguishes over her romantic relationship with Maddux and one with Russell Wade, a wealthy, married attorney. When she realizes the caddish Maddux merely has been using her to support the upscale lifestyle he has come to enjoy, she turns to drink. She loses the bulk of her money to the Bureau of Internal Revenue and the Wall Street Crash of 1929, hits rock bottom, and is hospitalized in the alcoholic ward in Bellevue. Maddux has a change of heart and arranges a gala testimonial dinner, hosted by Walter Winchell and Florenz Ziegfeld, in her honor. The film's ending suggests this was Morgan's first step on the road to recovery, success, and happiness, which was not the case in real life."] ["In the summer of 1816, English poet Percy Shelley, his soon to be wife Mary Shelley , and Mary's stepsister and companion Claire Clairmont take a holiday with Lord Byron and his physician John William Polidori at a villa rented by Byron at Lake Geneva, Switzerland. Byron challenges each of the friends to write a horror story, and Mary begins her novel, Frankenstein. She imagines the monster becoming real, and for the next six years, as tragedy befalls those around her, she believes the creature of her imagination is the cause. Meanwhile, Claire has Byron's baby, is estranged from him and barred from seeing her daughter. Byron and Percy continue their friendship, the one hedonistic, the other idealistic. The Shelleys move near Pisa."] ['A 1940s promotional film by the Tucker Automobile Company introduces Preston Tucker  and a new automobile filled with technological innovations. The film then flashes back to an earlier start as an inventor and as a staunch family man. His loyal wife  and children, headed by his namesake, Preston Tucker Jr. , support his efforts. Tucker\'s passion for automobiles began as a child and by 1935 he had started a successful partnership with racing car innovator Harry Miller. In World War II, Tucker designed an armored car for the United States military, rejected for being too fast. However, the car\'s gun turret was put into production. At war\'s end, with the proceeds from the turret bankrolling a new automotive project, Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis  to help him create a radical new car design, the 1948 Tucker Torpedo. Tucker\'s dream of manufacturing a revolutionary automobile with futuristic features will pit him against the oppressive Detroit-based Big Three automakers. With the support of his long-time New York financier Abe Karatz , Tucker creates nationwide interest by advertising the "Tucker Torpedo" in Pic magazine. Raising the money through a stock issue, Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing. Despite groundbreaking features on the first hand-built prototype such as disc brakes, seat belts, a fuel-injected engine in the rear, a padded dashboard, and a front windshield that pops out in severe collisions, the new car is beset with problems. Launching "The car of tomorrow" in a spectacular way, the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from both shareholders and the general public. However, the Tucker company board of directors, unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead, send Tucker off on a publicity campaign, and attempt to take complete control of the company. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan Senator Homer S. Ferguson . While the manufacturing of the Tucker Torpedo continues, Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud. Ferguson\'s investigation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , causes Karatz, once convicted of bank fraud, to resign, fearful that his criminal record will prejudice the hearings. Yellow journalism also starts ruining Tucker\'s public image even though the ultimate courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run of 51 Tucker Torpedoes, proving that he has reached production status. After giving a speech to the jurors on how capitalism in the United States is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself, Tucker is acquitted on all charges. Nevertheless, Tucker\'s company falls into bankruptcy and Preston Tucker succumbs to a heart attack seven years later, never able to realize his dream of producing a state-of-the-art automobile.'] ['Tibetan Buddhist monks from a monastery in Bhutan, led by Lama Norbu , are searching for a child who is the rebirth of a great Buddhist teacher, Lama Dorje . Lama Norbu and his fellow monks believe they have found a candidate for the child in whom Lama Dorje is reborn: an American boy named Jesse Conrad , the young son of an architect and a teacher who live in Seattle. The monks come to Seattle in order to meet the boy. Jesse is fascinated with the monks and their way of life, but his parents, Dean  and Lisa , are wary, and that wariness turns into near-hostility when Norbu announces that he would like to take Jesse back with him to Bhutan to be tested. Dean changes his mind however, when one of his close friends and colleagues commits suicide because he went broke. Dean then decides to travel to Bhutan with Jesse. In Nepal, two children who are also candidates for the rebirth are encountered, Raju  and Gita . Gradually, over the course of the movie, first Jesse\'s mother and then Lama Norbu tell the life story of Prince Siddhartha, reading from a book that Lama Norbu has given to Jesse. In ancient India, a Hindu prince called Siddhartha  turns his back on his comfortable and protected life, and sets out on a journey to solve the problem of universal suffering. As he progresses, he learns profound truths about the nature of life, consciousness, and reality. Ultimately, he battles Mara (a demon representing the [[Ego , who repeatedly tries to divert and destroy Siddhartha. Through concentrated non-attachment and final realization of the illusory nature of his own ego, Siddhartha attains enlightenment and becomes the Buddha. In the final scenes of the movie, it is found that all three children are rebirths of Lama Dorje, separate manifestations of his body , speech , and mind . A ceremony is held and Jesse\'s father also learns some of the essential truths of Buddhism. His work finished, Lama Norbu enters a deep state of meditation and dies. As the funeral ceremony begins, Lama Norbu speaks to the children, seemingly from a higher plane, telling them to have compassion. Just before the credits roll the children are seen distributing his ashes in various places. At the very end of the film credits, the sand mandala that was seen being constructed during the movie is destroyed, "with one swift stroke."'] ['While loosely based on Sousa\'s autobiography Marching Along, the film takes considerable liberties and dramatic license, often expanding and extrapolating on themes and passages in the book. In the 1890s, Sergeant Major John Philip Sousa, the director of the United States Marine Band, leaves the Marine Corps after his enlistment expires to form his own band because he is not paid enough to provide for his wife Jennie  and their children. As a favor for his splendid service, he is allowed to take along Private Willie Little , who is credited with designing the Sousaphone and naming it after his mentor . Willie persuades Sousa to go with him to a "concert" where some of Sousa\'s songs will be performed. In fact, it is a music hall, where Willie\'s girlfriend, Lily Becker , is one of the performers. When the police raid the place for indecency , the trio barely manage to get away. Sousa forms his band and is very successful. A mention in the book that Sousa discouraged the married men in the band from bringing their wives on tour is expanded into a subplot where Willie and Lily get married in secret so they can continue touring together with Sousa. An episode shows Sousa\'s Band playing at the Atlanta, Georgia Cotton States and International Exposition, despite the attempt by Colonel Randolph  to cancel their contract. Sousa has his musicians play "Dixie" as they march up, putting the crowd in a cheerful mood. A listing of his song list for the performances includes "Dixie" as every second one. The crowd cheers, and Randolph welcomes Sousa. This stays relatively close to fact. Sousa tours the world, and is honored by the crowned heads of Europe. Late one night, he spots Willie sneaking into Lily\'s train compartment late; Sousa\'s wife has to defuse his indignation by letting him into the secret. When the USS Maine is sunk by a suspicious explosion, precipitating the Spanish-American War, both Willie and Sousa reenlist. However, Sousa is kept from the actual fighting and instead sent on a sea voyage by an outbreak of typhoid. The inspiration for the title march is depicted with a voiceover of Webb quoting Sousa\'s actual description of the event while at sea . During a rehearsal of El Capitan, starring Lily, the Sousas receive a letter from Willie in which he reveals he was wounded in the knee in a friendly fire incident in Cuba. His leg has to be amputated. After the war, while recovering at the Brooklyn Navy Yard Hospital, he is called upon to rejoin Sousa\'s band in a surprise concert, where the band plays the title march in public for the first time.  The film then cuts away to modern Washington, D.C., where the ghostly spirit of Sousa leads a real marching band.'] ["Polly Adler is a poor Polish immigrant who works in a sweatshop. She loses her job after she is sexually assaulted by a coworker, for which her boss blames her. Her next apartment is in a building owned by Frank Costigan, a gangster. Frank approves of Polly's attractive girlfriends and pays her to have the ladies go out socially with his friends. One thing leads to another and soon Polly is the madam of a bordello. She has genuine feelings for a musician, Casey Booth, but does not reveal her true occupation to him. Costigan becomes the top enforcer for mob boss Lucky Luciano and backs Polly's business, which ends up on Park Avenue offering high-class call girls. Casey proposes marriage, so Polly finally confesses what she does for a living. He is willing to overlook it, but Polly feels it is for the best if they part."] ['The story follows a young teacher  in 1969 assigned to isolated Yamacraw Island off the coast of South Carolina populated mostly by poor black families. He finds out that the children as well as the adults have been isolated from the rest of the world and speak a dialect called Gullah and "Conrack" is their way of saying his name "Conroy." The school is a two room school with the Principal  teaching grades one through four and Conrack teaching the higher grades. He discovers that they know very little. He tries to teach them about the outside world and comes in conflict both with the principal and Mr. Skeffington , the superintendent. This comes to a head when he takes them to Beaufort on the mainland to go trick or treating, which the superintendent has forbidden. He also must overcome parental fears of "the river." As a result, he\'s fired. As he leaves the island for the last time, the children come out to see him leave, bringing along a record player on which they play the beginning movement of Beethoven\'s Fifth Symphony as he leaves. This film was shot in and around Brunswick, Georgia and used pupils from C.B. Greer Elementary school as the cast of students.{{fact}}'] ["The film begins on the ship bearing Alice  and Lucy from England to New York. As she and Lucy  disembark, they are set upon by several journalists, all trying to get a story or quote from her. Clearly bewildered by all the excitement, she is befriended by an ex-reporter, Jack Dolan , who helps her and Lucy through the legions of the press. Dolan quickly becomes her agent and finds endorsement opportunities for her. Throughout it all, a romance develops between Jack and Lucy. But all is not well with Alice. Being so advanced in age, she needs Lucy, of whom she can be very demanding, to be her constant companion. When left alone in their hotel room, she begins to hallucinate and sees Mr. Dodgson  in their room, and then, later, the Mad Hatter  and March Hare . Joining them for their insane tea party, they berate her for being so old and forgetful. She remembers also the lazy boating party of July 4, 1862, when the young Reverend Charles Dodgson, , had attempted to entertain her and her sisters by spinning the nonsense tale that grew to be Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Via flashbacks, it is insinuated that Dodgson had an infatuation with the young Alice Liddell . Was it an innocent admiration he had for the girl or something inappropriate? Alice is clearly troubled by her recollections of Dodgson. The parameters of her relationship with him were somewhat tortured. Dodgson was unwaveringly adoring of Alice, and while she was usually kind, she could sometimes be cruel and mocking of him, especially of his occasional stutter - as on the day of the boating party when she was on the verge of her teens and trying to impress a couple of young students . Alice tries to rectify her feelings and past relationship with the author in her mind. By the time she delivers her acceptance speech at Columbia University, she comes to terms with Dodgson and the way she treated him. In another fantasy sequence with the Mock Turtle, the viewers see them finally reconciled together in a way that can be interpreted as all-encompassing, as both mutual apology and forgiveness."] ["In pre-Revolutionary France, Voltaire champions the oppressed commoners and tries to warn King Louis XV  about the growing unrest among his subjects. The writer has a powerful ally in Madame Pompadour , Louis' mistress, but the Count de Sarnac  opposes him for his own ends. When Voltaire pleads for the life of Calas, unjustly accused of treason, Louis is inclined to pardon the man, but Sarnac persuades him that it would be a sign of weakness, and Calas is swiftly executed. As a reward, Sarnac gains the wealthy man's estates. Voltaire invites Calas' daughter and rightful heiress, Nanette , to shelter in his home. Meanwhile, Sarnac tries to persuade the King that Voltaire is a traitor, citing his well-known friendship with Frederick the Great and claiming that it is he who is betraying French secrets to the Prussian ruler. Louis is not entirely convinced, but does banish Voltaire from his royal court at Versailles. As a result, Madame Pompadour becomes reluctant to aid Voltaire further, until he arranges it so that she can overhear from Sarnac's own lips his ambition to replace her as Louis' paramount adviser. Then, she persuades the King to allow Voltaire to stage a new play at Versailles. The production is a thinly disguised portrayal of Calas' execution and the aftermath transposed to an exotic setting. Voltaire hopes to open the King's eyes to his danger. Voltaire recruits Nanette to portray the part of herself. The King is sympathetic to the theatrical Nanette's plight, not recognizing himself as her despised oppressor until Sarnac points it out. Then Louis orders the play stopped before the explanatory final scene and orders that Voltaire be sent to the Bastille. However, hearing of a rich present given to Sarnac by Frederick, Voltaire unmasks the count as the real traitor. Sarnac is arrested, and Nanette's estates are restored to her."] ["Vincent van Gogh's obsessive devotion to his art engulfs, consumes, and finally destroys him. He fails at a religious career and then as a social activist in a coal mining town, returns home to his father's house where he is rejected by a woman he obsessively loves, takes up with a prostitute who leaves because he is too poor, and discovers painting, which he pursues while agonizing that his vision exceeds his ability to execute. His brother, Theo van Gogh, provides financial and moral support, while Vincent lives off and on with the critical Paul Gauguin. Vincent begins experiencing hallucinations and seizures and voluntarily commits himself to a mental institution. He signs himself out, and with Theo's help, returns to a rural area to paint, where he ultimately shoots himself in despair of never being able to put what he sees on canvas."] ['The film covers Karen Carpenter from the time of her "discovery" in 1966 to her untimely death by cardiac arrest  in 1983. The movie begins with a quasi-first person recap of her mother Agnes Carpenter discovering Karen\'s body in her parents\' Downey, California home on February 4, 1983, and then returns by flashback to 1966. The story touches on major points in Karen\'s life from 1966 on: *the duo\'s signing with record label A&M *their initial success and subsequent decline *Karen\'s development of anorexia nervosa {{Fact}} *her on-stage collapse in Las Vegas *her search for treatment for her anorexia nervosa *her attempt to restart her career *a claim that she gradually developed a reliance on syrup of ipecac . An unusual facet of the film was that, instead of actors, almost all parts were played by modified Barbie dolls. In particular, Haynes detailed Karen Carpenter\'s worsening anorexia by subtly whittling away at the face and arms of the "Karen" Barbie doll. Sets were created properly scaled to the dolls, including locales such as the Carpenter home in Downey, Karen\'s apartment in Century City, restaurants, recording studios – including minute details such as labels on wine bottles and Ex-Lax boxes. Interspersed with the story were documentary-style segments detailing the times in which Karen Carpenter lived and also detailing anorexia; these segments were seen as dry and melodramatic parodies of the documentary genre. The underlying soundtrack included many popular hits of the day, including songs by Gilbert O\'Sullivan, Elton John, Leon Russell and the Carpenters themselves. The tone of the film was sympathetic to Karen, especially in regards to her anorexia, but much of that sympathy was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible. Karen\'s parents, Harold and Agnes, were portrayed as overly controlling, attempting to keep Karen living at home even after she turned twenty-five; Agnes, in addition, was portrayed as unaware of the extent of Karen\'s problem with anorexia. The duo\'s initial meeting with A&M Records owner Herb Alpert was intercut with stock footage of Vietnam War scenes. Richard Carpenter was portrayed as a rampant perfectionist who frequently sided with his parents against Karen, and was also depicted as more concerned with his and Karen\'s careers than with Karen\'s health. This culminated in a scene where Richard berates a fatigued and obviously ill Karen for not meeting business demands, asking her, "What are you trying to do? Ruin both of our careers?", causing her to break down in tears. Haynes even insinuated during a fight between Richard and Karen that Richard was homosexual – which, if it had been reported to the public in the 1970s, would have destroyed the Carpenters\' "clean-cut" image and the group\'s career. Haynes\' treatment of the film was quite dark; his choice of black captions often blended in with the scene, rendering them unreadable. Additionally, Haynes worked spanking  into the film with a repeated segment featuring a black-and-white overhead view of someone, possibly Harold, administering an over-the-knee spanking to a bare-bottomed adult Karen. The meaning of this segment is never discussed, leaving it to the viewer\'s imagination – it may be an actual event, a representation of Karen\'s self-loathing regarding her inability to be the "perfect" child, or a representation of the self-discipline involved with her anorexia.'] ["In a flashforward, Jack Harris foresees several million dollars in a duffel bag. He foresees being on his way to meet Russian mobsters. Then they kidnap a child. Wayne Beering and Buck Dolby are best friends renting together in 1997 Los Angeles. Wayne complains to Buck and resorts to a brawl on the floor. Jack and his wife Diana live in Houston. Jack to flies to LA for a few weeks to earn money co-managing a nightclub. Wayne creates an online credit card verification website which uses an algorithm programmed by his flatmate, Buck. The website ends up earning thousands of dollars in a matter of days. Jack makes the LA nightclub into a success. Jack and Buck join forces to make money. They are faced with the angry Russian mobsters and kill one of them. Diana learns about Jack's business. Jack showers his family back in Houston with riches. FBI agents investigate Jack. Jack helps them catch 100 Afghan terrorists."] ["In 1940, the Nazis invade the Netherlands. Miep Gies is a young woman, and an office assistant of Otto Frank, who is Jewish. As the Nazis begin to kill the Jews, Otto Frank become worried about his family. In July 1942, Otto Frank decides to hide his family after his daughter Margot is called to appear for transport to a Nazi labour camp. Miep, who is trusted by Otto, hides them in the attic above the office, that was called The Annexe. The film tells the true story of Gies' struggle to keep the family hidden and safe, as the Nazis turn Amsterdam upside-down. A few days later, the van Daans join the Franks in hiding, and after some months Albert Dussel, a Jewish dentist, joins them in hiding. Miep, her husband Jan Gies, along with Miep's fellow office workers Mr Kraler, Mr Koophuis, and Elli actively helps the innocent Jews to hide. Miep is never able to keep these hiders out of her thoughts, and she does her best to protect them. But all her efforts are destroyed in August 4, 1944. The Gestapos get informed about the hiders, and they come to the building to arrest them. Mr Kraler and Mr Koophuis are arrested with the hiders, while Miep is spared because she was born in Vienna, and Karl Silberbauer, the Gestapo officer who arrested the hiders, was also born in Vienna. So, out of mercy, Silberbauer spares Miep. After the arrest, Miep and Jan go to the Annex, and Miep finds Anne Frank's diary in the floor of Anne's room, and she collects it before the Annex is emptied by the Nazis. A day later, Miep decides to bribe Silberbauer in return of her friends, but Silberbauer denies. The war is finished a few months later, and Otto Frank safely returns to Amsterdam. Miep and Jan shelter him. Otto tells Miep that Mrs Frank had died in the Auschwitz concentration camp, and Mr van Daan was gassed by the Nazis in Auschwitz. However, Anne, Margot and Mrs van Daan were sent to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, which was not a death camp, and Otto has high hopes for them. But a few days later, a letter comes to Otto informing him that Anne and Margot had died in Bergen-Belsen. Otto sadly informs it to Miep, who becomes very sad. Miep then takes Anne's diary from her drawer, and gives it to Otto Frank. She hadn't read the diary. While Otto sadly reads Anne's diary, Miep goes to Anne's room in the hiding place, and sits in a chair sadly. Miep then goes out of the building, and the films ends with Miep cycling to her home, and we hear a quotation of Miep."] ['Set in Manhattan in the early 1940s, the film focuses on the relationship between Joseph Mitchell, a writer for The New Yorker, and Joe Gould, an aging, bearded, disheveled bohemian and Harvard University graduate who wanders through the streets of Greenwich Village carrying a tattered portfolio and demanding donations to "The Joe Gould Fund." At times Gould is calmly sweet and perceptive, at others he\'s a pathological liar and an obnoxious drunk, and he frequently experiences sudden outbursts of rage. Earning occasional financial support from poet e.e. cummings, portrait painter Alice Neel, Village Vanguard founder Max Gordon, and art gallery owner Vivian Marquie, among others, Gould is able to secure a nightly room in flophouses until an anonymous benefactor arranges accommodations in a residential hotel for him. Gould allegedly is collecting the observations of average citizens to incorporate into his oral history of the world, fragments of which he has given to various people for safekeeping. Mitchell meets him in a coffee shop and initially is fascinated by the colorful character. However, with the passage of time, as Gould becomes irritatingly intrusive and demanding, disrupting the ordinary life Mitchell shares with his photographer wife and their two daughters, the journalist begins to question if the elderly man\'s 9 million-word opus actually exists or is merely a figment of his imagination.'] ["Ip Man is set in the 1930s in Foshan, a hub of Southern Chinese martial arts, where various schools actively recruit disciples and compete against each other. Although the Wing Chun master Ip Man is the most skilled martial artist in Foshan, he is unassuming and keeps a low profile. As an independently wealthy man, he feels no need to accept any disciples and instead spends his days training, meeting with friends, and spending time with his family. However, his wife is often resentful of the time he spends training and discussing martial arts with friends and colleagues. Though not a professional martial artist, Ip is respected in Foshan due to the abilities he displays in friendly, closed-door competitions with local masters. Ip's reputation is further enhanced when he defeats an aggressive, rude, highly skilled Northern Chinese martial arts master, Jin Shanzhao, thus upholding the regional pride of fellow Southern stylists and others in Foshan. The Japanese invasion in 1937 adversely affects the life of everyone in Foshan. Ip's house is claimed by the Japanese and used as their Foshan headquarters. Ip and his family lose their wealth and are forced to move into a decrepit house. Desperate to support his family, Ip accepts work as a coolie at a coal mine. The Japanese General Miura, who is a Karate master, establishes an arena where Chinese martial artists compete with his military trainees. The Chinese earn a bag of rice for every match they win. Li Zhao, a former police officer and Ip's acquaintance, is now working as a translator for the Japanese and is making the offer to the martial artists working as coolies. Ip at first declines to participate in the matches. However, when his friend Lin goes missing, he agrees to take part in order to investigate. He is enraged when he sees a fellow Foshan master  mercilessly executed for picking up a bag of rice from a prior victory after giving up in a second match against three karateka. He also comes to understand that Lin was killed in an earlier fight. Barely able to contain his rage, Ip demands a match with ten karateka at once. Despite having not practiced Wing Chun since the invasion began , he proceeds to mercilessly crush each of them with a brutal yet efficient barrage of his martial art mastery, showing barely any of the restraint he exhibited in previous engagements. His skill arouses the interest of Miura, who seeks to learn more about Ip and see him fight again. Ip visits his friend Chow Ching-chuen, who owns and runs a cotton mill in Foshan. Chow tells Ip that a highway robbery gang led by Jin Shanzhao is harassing his workers and extorting money from them. Ip trains the workers in Wing Chun for self defence. Meanwhile, Miura grows impatient when Ip does not return to the arena and sends men to find Ip. These men harass Ip's family, and Ip incapacitates them. Ip and his family then go into hiding at Li Zhao's house. Meanwhile, the robbers return to the cotton mill to demand money. The workers fight back using the techniques that Ip taught them. Just then, Ip appears and defeats Jin Shanzhao, warning him never to harass the workers again. The Japanese soldiers eventually find Ip at the cotton mill. Miura tells Ip that his life will be spared if agrees to instruct the Japanese soldiers in martial arts. Ip refuses and challenges Miura to a match, which Miura accepts, both because of his love for martial arts and because refusing the challenge would be a humiliation to the Japanese. The match between Ip and Miura is held in public in Foshan's square. At first, the two fighters seem equally matched, but Miura becomes overwhelmed and is unable to fend off Ip's attacks as he effortlessly uses him as a Wooden Dummy, inflicting a severe beating on him and clearly winning. As the beaten general lies down after his defeat, Ip looks over to the crowd and hears the Chinese cheering him; within the crowd, he spots his wife and child with Chow. Just then, Miura's deputy Sato shoots Ip. This sparks a scuffle between the Chinese audience and the Japanese soldiers. During the scuffle, Li Zhao kills Sato with Sato's own gun. Ip is taken away amidst the chaos. It is revealed that he survives and escapes to Hong Kong with his family. There, Ip establishes a Wing Chun school, where his students come to include Bruce Lee."] ['In 1910, the last year of the life of Leo Tolstoy , his disciples, led by Vladimir Chertkov , maneuver against his wife, Sophia , for control over Tolstoy\'s works after his death. The main setting is the Tolstoy country estate of Yasnaya Polyana. Tolstoy and Sofia have a long, loving marriage, but his idealistic and spiritual side  is at odds with her more aristocratic and conventionally religious views. Contention focuses on a new will that the "Tolstoians" are attempting to persuade him to sign. It would place all of his copyrights into the public domain, supposedly leaving his family without adequate support. The maneuvering is seen through the eyes of Tolstoy\'s new secretary, Valentin Bulgakov , who finds himself mediating between the two sides. He also has a love affair with one of the Tolstoians, Masha . Ultimately, Tolstoy signs the new will and travels to an undisclosed location where he can continue his work undisturbed. After his departure, Sophia unsuccessfully attempts suicide. During the journey, Tolstoy falls ill. The film ends with his death near the Astapovo train station where Sophia is allowed by their daughter to see him just moments before his death. The closing credits state that five years after his death the Russian senate reverted the copyrights in Tolstoy\'s work to Sophia.'] ["In post-Civil War America, unscrupulous, ambitious partners Jim Fisk  and Nick Boyd  talk tight-fisted businessman Daniel Drew  into selling them his shipping company, paying with worthless Confederate bonds. Later, worried that his longtime rival, Cornelius Vanderbilt , is trying to take control of his railroad, Drew seeks help from Fisk, only to have him turn the situation to his own advantage. Fisk and Boyd eventually become powers to be reckoned with on Wall Street. Meanwhile, both men fall in love with entertainer Josie Mansfield . Mansfield agrees to marry Fisk out of gratitude, but really loves Boyd. Fisk's greed grows beyond all reason and he tries to corner the market in gold. When Fisk ignores Boyd's warnings. Boyd turns against him, worried that the resulting panic threatens the financial system of the whole country. The federal government finally intervenes by releasing its gold reserves, bankrupting Fisk in the process."] ['Alison Gertz  is an upscale and self-assured Manhattanite. At the age of sixteen, Gertz meets a bartender named Darren and has an one-night stand with him. This results in her contracting HIV. The film shows how Gertz overcomes her fears and becomes an advocate educating high schoolers and collegians.'] ['Robert Stroud  is imprisoned as a young man for committing a murder in Alaska. He is shown as a rebellious inmate, fighting against a rigid prison system: on his way to jail by train he breaks open the window to allow the suffocating inmates to breathe. His rebellious attitude puts him in conflict with Harvey Shoemaker , the warden of Leavenworth Prison. While in jail, Stroud learns that his mother  tried to visit him but was denied and told to return later in the week. Outraged, he attacks a guard over the issue and the man is killed. Stroud is sentenced to death, but his mother runs a successful campaign and it is commuted to life in prison. The terms of the sentence require that he be kept in solitary confinement for the rest of his life. To break the monotony, Stroud adopts a sparrow as a pet. This starts a trend and he and the other convicts acquire birds, such as canaries, as gifts from the outside. Before long, Stroud has built up a collection of birds and cages. When they fall ill, he makes experiments and comes up with a cure. As the years pass, Stroud becomes an expert on bird diseases and even publishes a book on the subject. His writings are so impressive that a doctor describes him as a "genius". Stroud later meets bird-lover Stella Johnson  and agrees to go into business, marketing his bird remedies. He and Stella later marry, but his mother disapproves and this causes a rift between mother and son. He is abruptly transferred to the federal penitentiary at Alcatraz , a new maximum security institution where he is not permitted to keep birds. He is now growing elderly but still shows a rebellious side, writing a history of the U.S. penal system that is suppressed by Shoemaker, now warden of the Rock. Still at odds with authority, Stroud nevertheless manages to help stop a prison rebellion in 1946 by throwing out the guns acquired by the convicts. He then assures the authorities that they can now re-enter the premises without fear of being shot. Although Stroud has been a thorn in his side for decades, Shoemaker acknowledges that he has never lied to him and takes him at his word. Although constantly denied parole, Stroud is eventually transferred to another prison in Missouri after a petition campaign. During the move, he meets several reporters and displays a range of knowledge on more than just birds, such as the technical details of a passing jet aircraft. He even gets to meet Thomas E. Gaddis  the author of the book based on his life.'] ["In the 1930s, boxer Barney Ross wins the welterweight championship, then meets chorus girl Cathy Holland as he celebrates. Sam Pian, his trainer, learns that Barney placed a $10,000 bet on himself to win the fight. Cathy, a single mom of a young girl, Noreen, gets to know Barney, but is unaware of his gambling habit. When he loses to Henry Armstrong, he owes thousands to a bookie named Big Ralph and is forced to work in Ralph's bar to pay off the debt. Barney joins the Marines when war breaks out. He gets Cathy to marry him before leaving for the South Pacific, where, at 33, his heroism at Guadacanal saves another soldier's life and earns Barney a medal, the Silver Star. But he also contracts malaria, for which a medic prescribes morphine. Back home in Chicago, he is given a job with a public-relations firm by the father of the man whose life he saved. Barney is now addicted to morphine, however, and incurs a huge debt to Rico, a drug pusher. Cathy catches her desperate husband breaking into Noreen's piggy bank, so she moves out. Barney becomes suicidal. But when his wife returns to inform him that Rico has been arrested, Barney vows to beat his addiction if it is the last thing he does. He checks into a hospital in Kentucky while the whole country becomes aware of his plight. Four months later, Barney is permitted to leave, rejoin his family and resume his life."] ['The son of a highly respected music professor, Florenz "Flo" Ziegfeld, Jr.  yearns to make his mark in show business. He begins by promoting Eugen Sandow , the "world\'s strongest man", at the 1893 Chicago World\'s Fair, overcoming the competition of rival Billings  and his popular attraction, belly dancer Little Egypt, with savvy marketing . Later, on an ocean liner to England, Flo runs into Billings again and discovers that he is on his way to sign a beautiful French star, Anna Held , to a contract. Despite losing all his money gambling at Monte Carlo, Flo charms Anna into signing with him instead. At first, Anna is not a success. However, Flo manages to generate publicity by sending many gallons of milk to Anna every day for a fictitious milk bath beauty treatment, then refusing to pay the bill. The newspaper stories soon bring the curious to pack his theater. Flo and Anna then get married. However, one success is not enough for the showman. He has an idea for an entirely new kind of show, one that will "glorify" the American woman. Thus, the Ziegfeld Follies is born, a lavish production filled with beautiful women. This makes Anna very nervous, as she is still performing in her own show and will be unable to keep an eye on her husband. It is a smash hit, and is followed by more versions of the Follies. Soon Flo hires Fanny Brice  away from vaudeville and gives stagehand Ray Bolger  his break as well. He also tries to make a star out of Audrey Dane , but alcoholism turns out to be her downfall. However, a short time before, Anna becomes jealous of the attention Flo pays to Audrey and divorces Flo. Afterward, Flo meets Broadway star Billie Burke  and marries her. When she hears the news, a heartbroken Anna telephones Flo and pretends to be glad for him. Flo and Billie eventually have a daughter named Patricia. Flo has more hits, but after a while, the public\'s taste changes, and people begin to wonder if the times have not passed him by. Stung, he vows to have four hits on Broadway at the same time. He achieves his goal - one of those four hits being Show Boat  - but then the stock market crash of 1929 bankrupts him, forcing Billie to go back on the stage. Shaken by the reversal of his financial fortunes and the growing popularity of movies over live stage shows, he becomes seriously ill. In the final scene, in a half-delirium, he recalls scenes from several of his hits, exclaiming, "I\'ve got to have more steps", a remark he made several times when examining the set designs of his Ziegeld Follies, before slumping over dead in his chair.'] ['LouAnne Johnson , a retired U.S. Marine, applies for a teaching job at Parkmont High School in California, and is surprised and pleased to be offered the position with immediate effect. Turning up the next day to begin teaching, however, she finds herself confronted with a classroom of tough, sullen teenagers, all from lower-class and underprivileged backgrounds, involved in gang warfare and drug pushing, flatly refusing to engage with anything. They immediately coin the nickname "White Bread" for LouAnne, due to her Caucasian appearance and apparent lack of authority, to which LouAnne responds by returning the next day in a leather jacket and teaching them karate. The students show some interest in such activities, but immediately revert to their former behavior when LouAnne tries to teach the curriculum. Desperate to reach the students, LouAnne devises classroom exercises that teach similar principles to the prescribed work, but using themes and language that appeal to the streetwise students. She also tries to motivate them by giving them all an A grade from the beginning of the year, and arguing that the only thing required of them is that they maintain it. In order to introduce them to poetry, LouAnne uses the lyrics of Bob Dylan\'s \'Mr. Tambourine Man\' to teach symbolism and metaphor; once this is achieved, she progresses on to Dylan Thomas\'s \'Do not go gentle into that good night\'. LouAnne rewards the students liberally, using candy bars, reward incentives, and a trip to a theme park. Her methods attract the anger of the school authorities, George Grandey  and Carla Nichols , who try to force her to remain within the curriculum. Particular individual students attract LouAnne\'s attention for their personal problems. Callie Roberts  is an unusually bright girl who excels at English, but is removed from the school halfway through the semester when she becomes pregnant. LouAnne visits her outside of school hours to try to persuade her to continue with further education. Raúl Sanchero  is a well-meaning boy who is frequently involved in gang warfare and street crime. LouAnne tries to encourage him to focus by paying a special visit to his family to congratulate him on his work, and going to dinner with him as a way of instilling confidence and self-respect. Emilio Ramírez  is her most troublesome personal project, as he believes strongly in a sense of personal honor that prevents him from asking for help. When LouAnne discovers that his life is in danger because of a personal grudge held by a recently-released thug, she tries to protect him, but due to the cold attitude of the principal, he is abandoned at the crucial moment and is subsequently killed. At the end of the year, she announces to the class that she will not be continuing to teach at the school, which prompts an unbridled display of emotion from the students who refuse to let her leave. Overwhelmed, she reconsiders the decision.'] ["A reporter interviews Paan Singh Tomar , a dacoit who is in the news for killing 9 people of a community. Answering questions about himself, the story goes in a flashback in year 1950. Paan Singh works in the Army while his wife and mother live in Morena. He surprises his seniors in the Army with his athletic skills. Though he was not interested in sports, he joins the sports division because there were no limits on their diet. Picked for the 5000 meters race's training, he was persuaded to run for the 3000 meter steeplechase by his coach. He participates in the Indian National Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase event 7 years in a row. In 1958 he participates in the Asian Games at Tokyo, but couldn't win because of his inability to adjust with the track spikes only given to him in the final event. He felt frustrated when he was not allowed to go the borders to fight in the 1962 and 1965 wars because sportsmen were not allowed to fight in them. In 1967, he participated in the International Military Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase. His elder brother from his native place visits him and tells about an illegal acquisition by Bhanwar Singh, his relative. Paan Singh retires from the Army to settle his family disputes, despite being offered a position as the coach in the army. On arriving home, he tries to resolve the issue with Bhanwar Singh. He seeks help from the District Collector and local police station, but no help is provided. His son gets beaten badly by Bhanwar Singh and his goons. Paan Singh then orders his son to rejoin army and stay away from the dispute. Bhanwar Singh and his goons try to kill Paan Singh and family. His family manages to escape but his mother gets killed brutally. Paan Singh decides to avenge his mother's death. He becomes a baaghi who wreaks havoc in the Chambal Valley. He forms a gang and continues to add new members. He starts kidnapping people for financial support. He uses police uniforms and police vehicles. He soon becomes notorious in the Chambal Valley area. After gaining enough power and money, he murders Bhanwar Singh and his goons. One day, Paan Singh and his gang stay in a village. The village sarpanch informs police about Paan Singh's gang. The police attacks the compound where Paan Singh is staying. Paan Singh manages to escape, but his elder brother is killed. To avenge his brother's death, he kills the sarpanch and 8 other people. The interview with the reporter ends here and the interview is published in the newspaper and causes a sensation. The police continued in their search for Paan Singh Tomar, who decides to lie low for a while. He meets his family and his coach in the army who request that he surrenders. Paan Singh refuses to surrender on the principle that while he was a sportsman holding a national record, nobody came to help him with his problems, and the moment he turned a rebel, everyone wants him to be arrested. When the gang reconvenes after a month's hiatus, one of the members who had turned a police informer betrays the gang and gives them away to the police. A shootout ensues where all members of the gang, including Paan Singh are killed."] ['The older Paul Verlaine meets the dead Arthur Rimbaud\'s sister, Isabelle, in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud\'s poems so that they can burn them; they fear the lewdness of his writings. Verlaine reflects on the wild relationship he had had with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine, instantly fascinated, impulsively invites him to his rich father-in-law\'s home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. The wild, eccentric Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency whatever, scandalising Verlaine\'s pretentious, bourgeois in-laws. Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud\'s physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married, heterosexual life and easy, middle class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine\'s admittedly sybaritic literary talent. His taking up with Rimbaud is as much a rebellion and a liberation as it is a giving in to self-indulgence and masochism. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the sad climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots and wounds Rimbaud and is sentenced to prison for sodomy and attempted murder. In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his erstwhile lover\'s disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, however, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia  to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress and possibly a young boy-lover. A tumor in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears. During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe , sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud, returned from some transcendent realm to express the love and respect Verlaine has thus posthumously earned. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.'] ['The film is non-linear, framed by scenes of Nixon listening to his secret recordings towards the end of his presidency as the Watergate crisis intensifies. As such, it covers all aspects of Nixon\'s life as a composite of actual events, usually in the form of memories triggered by the recordings or newsreel-style summaries. It depicts his childhood in Whittier, California, as well as his growth as a young man, football fan and player, and suitor to his eventual wife, Pat Ryan. It explores most of the important events of his presidency, including his downfall due to abuse of executive power in the White House. The film implies that Nixon and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medication. Nixon\'s health problems, including his bout of phlebitis and pneumonia during the Watergate crisis, are also shown in the film, and his various medicants are sometimes attributed to these health issues. The movie also hints at some kind of responsibility, real or imagined, that Nixon felt towards the John F. Kennedy assassination through references to "the Bay of Pigs", the implication being that the mechanisms set into place for the invasion by Nixon during his term as Dwight D. Eisenhower\'s vice-president spiraled out of control to culminate in the assassination and, eventually, Watergate. The film ends with Nixon\'s resignation and famous departure from the lawn of the White House on the helicopter, Army One. Real life footage of Nixon\'s state funeral in Yorba Linda, California, plays out over the extended end credits, and all living ex-presidents at the time, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and then-president Bill Clinton, are shown in attendance.'] ["The film begins on a train journey with Gustav Mahler  and his wife Alma  confronting their failing marriage. The story is then recounted in a series of flashbacks , taking one through Mahler's childhood, his brother's suicide, his experience with anti-semitism, his conversion from Judaism to Catholicism, his marital problems, and the death of his young daughter. The film also contains a surreal fantasy sequence involving the anti-Semitic Cosima Wagner , widow of Richard Wagner, whose objections to his taking control of the Court Opera were supposedly removed by his conversion to Catholicism. In the process, the film explores Mahler's music and its relationship to his life. Some outdoor sections of the film were made in Borrowdale, in the English Lake District."] ['The story begins in 1958 when Otis Williams, at the time a teenager, is running to meet his friend Elbridge "Al" Bryant at a musical performance by The Cadillacs, where Otis and the singer lock eyes, which he credits as the moment he devoted his life to music. After the concert, Otis and Al go to a barber where Otis gets a Tony Curtis style haircut and Al gets a New Yorker style haircut. Later, Otis arrives home for dinner, where his father is angered by his hairstyle and pressures him to go to work at the assembly line instead of going into music, which Otis heatedly rejects. Six months later, Otis, Al and two new band members, are singing on a street corner when they see another group of singers across the street, and are impressed by one singer\'s bass voice type. The next day after school, Otis spots the singer leaving to walk home, and decides to follow him. The singer sees Otis and begins to run away, thinking him to be a gang member. Otis eventually catches him and introduces himself, finding out that the singer\'s name is Melvin Franklin, and invites him to join his group, Otis Williams & the Siberians. Melvin agrees, on the condition that his mother approves. After talking her, Otis convinces Melvin\'s mother to let him join. The group, now with five members, are practicing their singing after school one day when they notice a group of girls watching them sing. Upon seeing this, the group follows them while singing Earth Angel. The girls go their separate ways until one girl, Josephine, remains, and Otis asks her out on a date. The next Saturday, the group are making out with the girls in a milk truck when they hear for their group to come the radio station, and hastily drive to the station, which turns out to be a run-down apartment. Johnnie May Matthews, the owner of the pirate radio studio in the basement, declares herself their new manager and producer, and also changes their name to Otis Williams and the Distants. In April 1960, the group are waiting to perform at a party where they meet Paul Williams, Eddie Kendricks, singers for The Primes, Mary Wilson, Florence Ballard, Diana Ross singer for the Primettes, Smokey Robinson, lead singer of The Miracles, and Berry Gordy, founder and owner of Motown Records. Al arrives late at the party and shows hostility towards Eddie and Paul, while hitting on Diana. The Primes and Primettes perform and the Distants are impressed by their sound. After performing themselves, Otis and Melvin see Berry Gordy entering the bathroom and follow him. After some talking, Berry gives them a business card to contact him later on. Once the party\'s ends, Johnnie shows up in a new car, bought with the money earned from their record, while also showing off rolls of money. Awestruck, they ask about when they get paid, which angers Johnnie and she immediately fires them, kicks them out of the car and drives away. Al and two other members promptly quit the group, leaving Otis and Melvin as the only two remaining members. Shortly after, Melvin approaches Otis and tells him that Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams recently left their own group and are interested in joining them. Otis is reluctant to let them join, as he finds them arrogant and cocky, but ultimately accepts when Al rejoins the group. With this new line-up, the group renames themselves the Elgins. Eddie and Paul prove to be valuable members; Paul teaches them how to dance and becomes their unofficial choreographer, while Eddie becomes their falsetto singer. In March 1961, Otis enters Motown Studios, the headquarters of Motown Records, and meets up with Berry Gordy. After the meeting, Otis finds the others waiting outside for an answer. He informs them that Berry will sign them if they can come up with a better group name. After sitting outside the studio for hours waiting to be called in and thinking up a new name, a secretary named Martha Reeves finds them outside and calls them in to meet Berry. When they get to Berry, he asks them for their name, to which Otis replies "the Temptations". Berry likes the name and agrees to hear them sing. After hearing them perform Oh Mother of Mine  Berry enthusiastically signs them under the Motown label. The group are now in high spirits and make a pact to never leave the group. Otis arrives home to find out that Josephine is pregnant, and although he is shocked, he promises to take responsibility for the baby. In a voiceover, Otis explains that he and Josephine were married shortly after and later gave birth to their son, Lamont. While making moderately successful records written largely by Berry, such as Paradise and I Want a Love I Can See, and getting real choreography from Chollie Atkins, the group start to become known as "The Hitless Temptations" as they can\'t seem to make a real hit in the first three years under the Motown label. The group start to doubt themselves as talented singers and Al starts to lose his passion for singing and becomes more and more negative and volatile. This comes to a head after performing at a New Year\'s Eve party, Al hits Paul with a beer bottle and punches him in the face when asked to do an encore on stage. He is kicked out of the group immediately. The remaining four go back on stage anyway and perform the classic party song Shout. While singing, Jimmy Ruffin and his younger brother David Ruffin jump on stage and sing as well. The group are impressed the duos\' singing, especially David\'s. After the party, the four, along with David, go to Melvin\'s mother\'s house to eat. While they eat and talk, the four invite David to join the group, which he readily accepts. With five members once again, they make a toast to the future success of the Temptations. In January 1964, the group head to Hitsville to record a song written for them by Smokey Robinson. The song, called The Way You Do the Things You Do becomes an instant hit and puts the Temptations on the map. Shortly after the song hits the charts, the group go on a tour with various other Motown artists, such as the Vandellas, the Miracles, and Marvin Gaye. And they perform The Way You Do the Things You Do live. One afternoon, while changing a tire on the tour bus, a pair of racist Southerners drive by shooting at them with a shotgun, and David and Eddie try in vain to chase them down, but quickly give up. The tour eventually ends and they all arrive back in Detroit. While Josephine is waiting for Otis in front of Hitsville, she sees him with another woman, and assumes that they are having an affair, and storms off. Soon after, the Temptations go on tour again and perform The Girl\'s Alright With Me. In November that year, Smokey writes them another song called My Girl. The song debuts early next year and becomes a massive success, reaching number one on the charts that years. The group enjoys their newfound success and wealth, spending money on themselves and their loved ones. With this success, however, soon comes trouble. By early 1966, David starts to develop an ego, thinking himself to be solely responsible for the Temptations\' success. He also begins using drugs and starts showing up late for rehearsals and meetings, if he shows up at all. This behavior starts to take a toll on the group, and soon after recording Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg, Otis and Melvin pay David a visit, warning him to clean up his act or else be fired. Later, Berry introduces the group to their new manager, Shelly Berger. Shelly plans to expand the Temptations\' fanbase to the mainstream white audience, which they are somewhat reluctant about, as they think their original fans will see them as sell-outs. After some consideration, the Temptations agree and are put on a month-long tour with the Supremes. The tour turns out to be a success and gets them to the Copacabana, although David\'s destructive behavior continues, and he declares his shady friend, Flynn, his new manager instead of Shelly. Flynn informs the group that David wants to change the group name to "David Ruffin & The Temptations" or else he will not perform, which they reject. David shows up anyway, albeit late, and performs I\'m Losing You at the Copa, and leaves in a separate limo. After the show, the others take a vote on whether or not they should keep David in the group, and all but Eddie vote to kick him out. Shortly after, David shows up at Hitsville in his limo. While the four watch from a window, Shelly meets David outside and hands him a note informing him of their decision. Upon reading this, David flies into a rage, yelling at them through the window. He then gets into his limo and drives off. Melvin rhetorically asks "So now what"? Later in 1968, the Temptations hire Dennis Edwards, an old friend, as a replacement for David. It is around this time that the group enters their psychedelic soul era, started with their 1968 single Cloud Nine. During a concert performance, the group is about to sing Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg when David jumps on stage and steals the microphone from Dennis and sings himself. The others go along with this to save face, but then chase him backstage and get into a brief argument before getting security guards to escort him out. By 1969, Paul\'s drinking becomes debilitating and Melvin develops rheumatoid arthritis in the legs and starts taking cortisone shots to ease the symptoms despite his doctor\'s advice, yet both continue performing anyway. Around this time Otis and Josephine also get a divorce. As Paul\'s condition gets progressively worse, the others begin to consider whether Paul should retire, at least for the time being. Eddie is against this, as he thinks that they should stick by Paul and be with him at all times, making sure he doesn\'t drink. In November 1970, Eddie visits David, who begins to turn him against Otis and Melvin while giving him his first shot of cocaine. Shortly after, Paul becomes well enough to sing again, and the Temptations record a new song written by their producer Norman Whitfield called Just My Imagination. Eddie quits the group after performing the song at the Copacabana. Later, Otis and his son Lamont visit Paul at his house. Paul asks to be back in the Temptations, while demonstrating his dancing, almost falling over. Otis tell him that he will be back when he gets better. In June 1972, Norman writes another song called Papa Was a Rolling Stone, which the group are initially against recording. Otis because it\'s not a ballad and Dennis because his father died on the third of September. Eventually the group goes along with it. In a montage set to the song, David and Eddie are seen performing and Paul is seen struggling with his addiction, while fighting with his wife, and later driving around town, ending with Paul committing suicide in a parking lot. Eddie reunites with the others at the funeral, with Melvin telling him that while he\'s out of the group, they will always be family. By 1977, the Temptations have moved from Detroit to Los Angeles and have been hit with a dry spell in their career. The group, now with Otis and Melvin as the only remaining original members, fire Shelly as their manager, leave the Motown label and start recording under the Atlantic Records label. Eddie is still under the Motown label and has made two major hits, while David, who has had some hits after the Temptations, is also under a dry spell. One day, while Melvin is helping a woman with her grocery bags, a thief gets in his car and tries to start it. When Melvin tries to stop him, the thief shoots him in both of his legs, kicks him out, and drives off in his car. Melvin tells Otis to go on tour without him, as they need the money. After the tour, Otis goes back to Detroit with Lamont to visit his mother, who tells him that she has cancer. They then have a heart-to-heart on the porch. In 1980, Melvin\'s legs are still recovering and the Temptations leave Atlantic Records. Eddie\'s success is starting to fade and he is reduced to playing in small nightclubs. While performing one night, Eddie spots David in the audience and once he finishes the song Keep On Truckin\', brings David on stage and they sing You\'re My Everything together. After everyone leaves the club, Eddie and David have a drink at the bar and agree to start their own faction of the Temptations, along with Dennis Edwards, who was fired from the Temptations in 1978. Otis and Melvin move back to Detroit and go back under the Motown label and Shelly becomes their manager again. Not long after, Motown becomes interested in setting up a reunion tour between both sets of the Temptations. By 1982, the tour is officially underway and both sets of Temptations come together to rehearse and become reacquainted. While on tour, Josephine calls and informs Otis that Lamont died in a construction accident. After Otis gets back from the funeral, the tour starts to fall apart, as David\'s drug addiction starts to trigger his destructive nature. In 1989, the Temptations are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. At the ceremony, Otis and Melvin are reunited with David, Eddie, and Dennis. And despite their past squabbles and rivalries, for one moment, they are friends again. In June 1991, a dead body is found in front of a hospital. After a week in the morgue, the body is finally identified as that of David Ruffin, dead of an apparent drug overdose. Eddie dies soon after of lung cancer in October 1992, but that is not shown. In February 1995, Otis and Melvin, now reduced to a wheelchair, visit Melvin\'s mother. While preparing to eat dinner, Melvin, despite being in a wheelchair, volunteers to get short ribs from the kitchen. While he\'s gone, Melvin\'s mother thanks Otis for taking care of Melvin and keeping the Temptations together through all the good and bad times. The two then call for Melvin, but he doesn\'t respond. They go into the kitchen and find him dead. Many people show up at the funeral, including Smokey Robinson, who sings his song "Really Gonna Miss You". The film ends with the "classic five" Temptations  in their youth, singing "My Girl" on a stage. At the end of the song, they take a bow, with Otis saying in a voice-over "Temptations, forever."'] ['The film starts with a quote from Lawrence\'s book Seven Pillars of Wisdom which is used for the title of the film: "All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream in the dark recesses of the night awake in the day to find all was vanity. But the dreamers of day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, and make it possible." Feisal arrives at the post-war Paris Peace Conference  to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire. He is delayed by French diplomats uncertain of his intentions. Lawrence joins Feisal\'s negotiating staff despite attempts by the French  to exclude the Arabs altogether.  Lawrence defends Feisal’s claim to Syria by citing previous British offerings to Feisal’s father in a “secret letter”, as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks. Feisal\'s main demand is for Syria to be governed by Arabs. France has a stake there, however, and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters.″A Dangerous Man: Lawrence after Arabia″. Nothing is Written Film Lawrence\'s newly gained popularity after World War I poses a further complication, as popular movies promote him, a white European, as the "Uncrowned King of Arabia". The wartime friendship between him and Feisal is thereby strained. As negotiations reach a peak, Lawrence is called away to his dying father’s bedside. He arrives too late to see his father alive, and must leave too soon to see him buried. Throughout the film, Lawrence is shown writing what would become his life\'s work, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. As in the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia and many biographies, the film suggests that Lawrence favors relationships with men over women. Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant in the public eye, smiling when forced to, knowing when to be hard in his negotiations, and completely alien to the world of women.'] ["Elizabeth Bayley Seton  is a happily married New York Episcopalian socialite and mother of five whose life gets turned around after her husband, William Seton, dies of consumption in Italy after his shipping business went bankrupt. As a widow of five children, she opens a small school in an effort to support herself and family. She decides to convert to Catholicism, much to the protest and distaste of her friends and family. As a social outcast, she is left with nothing so she and her daughters took refuge in Baltimore. Under the wing of John Carroll, the first American Catholic bishop, she opens a school, establishes a religious routine and takes religious vows, thus becoming `Mother Seton.' Eventually she, her daughter, and a band of young women who have joined her rattle west in a covered wagon into the countryside, to Emmitsburg, Maryland., where, on an initial diet of salt pork and carrot coffee, she sets up a school and a convent for her growing sisterhood, Sisters of Charity. She dies from consumption at 46. Though not meeting the four miracle requirement to become a saint, Mother Seton was canonized in 1975."] ['In 1792, Spain reels amid the turmoil and upheaval of the French Revolution. Francisco Goya  is a renowned painter, who, among others, does portraits for the royal family as the Official Court Painter to the King and Queen. The Spanish Inquisition is disturbed by part of Goya\'s work. Brother Lorenzo Casamares  is hiring Goya to paint a portrait and defends him, saying that his works are not evil, they just show evil. He recommends the Church step up the fight against anti-Catholic practices. He requests and is put in charge of intensifying the Inquisition. When posing in Goya\'s studio, Lorenzo asks Goya about a young model he uses, Inés , daughter of a rich merchant, Tomás Bilbatúa  who also has got a son named Ángel . Inés is spotted by Inquisition spies  declining a dish of pork in a tavern. The Holy Office of the Inquisition orders Inés to come to the Office. There she is arrested and accused of "judaizing", i.e. spreading Jewish rituals, because she did not eat pork the other evening. She is stripped naked and tortured by strappado , confesses, and is imprisoned. Naturally, the Inquisition\'s archives had already revealed that one of her father\'s ancestors had converted from Judaism to Christianity in 1624 upon arrival in Spain from Amsterdam. Tomás begs Goya for help, who in turn asks Lorenzo to find out about Inés\' situation. Lorenzo visits Inés in prison telling her that he is going to help her and will pass a message to her family if she wishes. He offers to pray with Inés, but is clearly struggling with desire for her as she prays in the nude with him. At a dinner in Tomás\' home, where he and Goya are guests, Lorenzo defends "The Question" : he argues that if the accused is really innocent, God will give him or her the strength to deny guilt, so a person who confesses must be guilty. Tomás does not agree: he argues that people will confess to anything under torture, and Goya agrees. To prove this Tomás draws up a statement which says that Lorenzo confesses to being a monkey, and, with the help of his sons, does not let Lorenzo leave unless he agrees to sign it. Goya pleads for Lorenzo without success, and is escorted away and pushed out of the home. Tomás, his sons and servants torture with a makeshift strappado , causing Lorenzo to break down and sign. Tomás promises to destroy the document after Inés is released. He gives Lorenzo a large amount of gold for the Church, hoping it will persuade the Holy Office to consider leniency. Lorenzo pleads for Inés, but the Inquisitor General Father Gregorio, while accepting the money, refuses, since Inés has confessed. Lorenzo again visits Inés in prison and, offering to pray with her, instead has sex with her. Tomás brings the document to the king, Charles IV , who is highly amused at seeing it, and promises to assist Inés. Lorenzo is now an embarrassment to the Spanish Church and they come to arrest him. He flees. Lorenzo\'s portrait is confiscated by the Church, and is set on fire in public, to burn him in effigy. Fifteen years pass, and Goya is at the height of his creativity, but has grown deaf. The French army under Napoleon invades Spain, abolishes the Inquisition and sets the prisoners free. Lorenzo, who fled to France, where he was introduced to the ideas of the French Revolution and became a fanatical adherent of them, is now Napoleon\'s chief special prosecutor against his former Spanish colleagues in the Inquisition.  A French court presides over the show trial, conviction and sentencing to death of the Inquisitor General. Inés, who was said to be tried, has actually been left to languish in the dungeons until now. She has given birth to a daughter in prison, and, upon visiting her old home and finding her family killed, turns to Goya for help in finding her child, who was taken away from her immediately after birth. Lorenzo is the father, which is embarrassing for him, and he sends Inés, whose sanity has suffered in prison, to an insane asylum. Lorenzo questions the condemned Inquisitor General, sparing him for information about what would happen to a child born in the Inquisition prison. The Inquisitor General tells him the child would be placed in an orphanage. Lorenzo tracks it down, and he learns from the nuns who run it that his daughter\'s name is Alicia. She had run away several years before. In Garden Park, Goya finds a prostitute named Alicia  who looks identical to Inés. He goes to Lorenzo asking for Inés so he can reunite her with her daughter. Lorenzo goes to see Alicia, offering to pay for her passage to America if she will agree to leave Spain, but she refuses the offer and jumps out of his carriage. Goya finds Inés, and bribes the asylum director to release her, and tries to bring Inés to see Alicia. But as Goya tries to persuade Alicia to see her mother, a group of soldiers forcibly arrests the prostitutes, including Alicia, to deport them to America. Inés, who was evidently waiting outside to meet Aicia, finds the abandoned baby left by Alicia when she was seized, and in her delusion thinks the baby, who may well be her granddaughter, to be her own lost daughter. The British invade Spain from Portugal, defeating the French troops with the help of the Spanish population. The wagons in which the prostitutes are being transported are abandoned by the French cavalry guarding them when the British attack, with Alicia catching the eye of a British officer. Lorenzo is arrested as he is fleeing. The Spanish reinstate the Inquisition, which now tries and sentences Lorenzo to death, the Inquisitor General condemning him in much the same words as in Lorenzo\'s speech at his trial. They are willing to spare him if he repents, and they urge Lorenzo to do so until the last moment at the site of the execution in the city center, to which he is led in the auto da fe wearing a sanbenito with painted flames indicating he is sentenced to die. On the scaffold, Lorenzo spots his daughter Alicia, on the arm of the British officer, scoffing at him. He also notices Goya sitting at a distance sketching the entire ordeal. Inés is also present in the crowd and calls to Lorenzo enthusiastically to show him the baby she believes is their daughter. Refusing to repent, despite pleas from his former colleagues the monks, Lorenzo is garrotted. The film ends with a cart taking Lorenzo\'s body away, escorted by Inés, holding the hand of the dead Lorenzo, children prancing about singing songs, and with Goya following closely behind her.'] ["During his murder spree, Jeffrey Dahmer  conducts sadistic experiments on his victims before he murders them. He killed one man this way in Bath, Ohio and sixteen men in the metropolitan area of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. At the same time, he rationalizes his crimes with the divorce of his parents and his emotionally isolated childhood. Nevertheless, he can't stop inviting more and more young men from bars and clubs to his home, where he kills them. Only when the young Rodney  escapes from Dahmer's apartment are the authorities able to arrest him."] ["The film suggests Nijinsky was driven into madness by both his consuming ambition and self-enforced heterosexuality, the latter prompted by his romantic involvement with Romola de Pulszky, a society girl who joins impresario Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes specifically to seduce Nijinsky. After a series of misunderstandings with Diaghilev, who is both his domineering mentor and possessive lover, Nijinsky succumbs to Romola's charms and marries her, after which his gradual decline from artistic moodiness to complete lunacy begins."] ['The story begins with Beatrix Potter nervously packing her portfolio and narrating that she is a London spinster, and that her ambition to become a children\'s author meets with wide disapproval. She and her chaperone, Miss Wiggin, visit the publishing house of the Warne brothers and they decide to publish her book. Beatrix is thrilled and returns home, not without taking a drive through the parks to celebrate first. However it is revealed that the Warne brothers think her book is ridiculous and will no doubt be a failure. The only reason they agreed to publish her story is because they promised their youngest brother, Norman, a project. When Norman Warne arrives, Beatrix makes decisions about her finished book, regarding size, colour and price. Norman admits he has never done anything like this before but has given her book a great deal of thought. Beatrix realises what the Warne brothers have done regarding her and Norman but they become determined to prove them wrong. Norman takes Beatrix to the printer, and she has her drawings reproduced and copies of her book sold. Thrilled, Beatrix and Norman visit the Warne family, where Beatrix meets the wheelchair-bound but lovely Mrs. Warne, and Norman\'s sister, Amelia, nicknamed "Millie". Millie has decided that she and Beatrix are going to be friends and is overjoyed that Beatrix is a spinster, as is Millie, who believes men to be nothing but bores. The family befriends Beatrix, yet Helen Potter, Beatrix\'s social-climbing mother, is unhappy about her daughter spending time in the company of tradesmen. When she returns home, Beatrix and Helen bicker about Beatrix\'s stubborn decision not to marry. Beatrix reminds her mother of the book she wrote, and her mother retorts she believes the venture will fail. However, the book sales are very successful and copies are displayed in many store windows. Even Beatrix\'s father, Rupert, buys a copy along with friends at the Reform Club. Encouraged by this success and her father\'s support, Beatrix invites Norman and Millie to her family\'s Christmas party, despite her mother\'s misgivings. At the party everyone enjoys themselves and Beatrix shows Norman a story she is writing especially for him, "The Rabbits\' Christmas Party". She shows him a drawing from the story and shows him her studio where she writes and draws. Miss Wiggin falls asleep from too much brandy , and Norman plucks up the courage to propose to Beatrix. Mrs. Potter interrupts before Beatrix can reply, and they join the other guests in the drawing room. Beatrix confides in Millie about Norman proposing, and Millie encourages her to say yes. Beatrix then tells the guests of the stories she writes and they are delighted and amused. Mrs. Potter, however, can not see what all the fuss is about. As the guests leave, Beatrix whispers her agreement to marry Norman, who is overjoyed. Soon after, Rupert Potter invites Norman to his office and tells him his opinion of him. At the Potter household, Beatrix and her parents argue about her decision to marry Norman. Beatrix is adamant and will not be dissuaded. Mrs. Potter tells her no Potter can marry into trade, but Beatrix reminds her that her grandfathers were both tradesmen. When Mrs. Potter threatens to cut her daughter off, Beatrix reminds them of her brother, Bertram, who married a wine merchant\'s daughter and was not disowned. She states she can survive on her own with her novels. Mr. Potter attempts to reason with his daughter, but she tells him she wants to be loved and not simply marry someone because he can provide for her. Beatrix inquires with the bank about her royalty earnings, wondering if she would perhaps someday be able to buy a house in the country. She is amazed and delighted to learn that her book sales have made her wealthy enough to buy several estates and a house in town if she wishes. When she returns home her parents offer a proposition: that Beatrix keep her engagement to Norman a secret and vacation with them in the Lake District for the summer. If she still wishes to marry him at the end of the summer, they agree that they will not object to the marriage. Beatrix agrees to the proposition and is quite convinced that she will not change her mind, telling her parents to prepare for an October wedding. Norman and Beatrix kiss each other goodbye at the train station and write many letters during their time apart, until one day a letter arrives from his sister Millie, informing her that Norman is ill. Beatrix travels back to London only to find that Norman has died. Overcome with grief, Beatrix shuts herself up in her room. She turns to her drawing, but discovers that her characters disappear off the page. Millie comes to visit and comfort her, and Beatrix decides she must leave the house. Beatrix buys a farm in the country in the Lake District and moves there to resume her work. She hires a farmhand to run the farm and finds comfort in her surroundings. With the help of her solicitor, William Heelis, she outbids developers at auctions and buys many other farms and land in the area to preserve nature. Eight years after moving to the Lake District she marries William. The land eventually forms part of the Lake District National Park in northwestern England.'] ["The film spans from her early childhood to the 1950s which details her life as a Dutch ballerina, coming to grips with her parents' divorce, and enduring life in the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II. Audrey then settles in the U.S. where she succeeds in making it big as a movie actress, in such movies as Breakfast at Tiffany's. The closing credits include footage of the real Audrey Hepburn during one of the UNICEF missions she undertook near the end of her life."] ['The movie starts off with Mussolini arriving in a small town in 1901 and getting a job as a school teacher; he is subsequently fired for having sex with the headmaster\'s daughter. This would be a common theme throughout the movie. After giving up on teaching, he works as a builder on the new University of Geneva campus building, and where a lover persuades him to become a student. This is also where he organizes his first protest after the death of a worker he knew. For this, he is nearly deported but is saved by Angelica\'s intervention. After getting run out of then-Austro-Hungarian Trieste, he goes back to his hometown of Forlì, where he marries Rachele. Soon he is at the forefront of the Socialist movement when he becomes the editor-in-chief of Avanti!. At this point Mussolini unites the "reds," the Socialists, with the "yellows," the Republicans in an anti-war movement. This marks the peak of his power, with the Italian left-wing politics under his control. However, he gradually loses his anti-war fervor and splits from the Socialist party altogether, turning all his allies into enemies.'] ["Karen Silkwood , a worker at the Kerr-McGee Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site , shares a ramshackle house with two co-workers, her boyfriend Drew Stephens  and her lesbian friend Dolly Pelliker . She makes plutonium fuel rods for nuclear reactors, where she deals with the threat of exposure to radiation. She has become a union activist, concerned that corporate practices may adversely affect the health of workers. She is also engaged in a conflict with her former common-law husband in an effort to have more time with their three children. Because the plant has fallen behind on a major contract, employees are required to work long hours of overtime. She believes that managers are falsifying safety reports and cutting corners wherever possible, risking the welfare of the personnel. Karen approaches the union with her concerns and becomes active in lobbying for safeguards. She travels to Washington, D.C. to testify before the Atomic Energy Commission. She interacts with union officials who appear to be more interested in the publicity she is generating than her welfare and that of her co-workers. When Silkwood and other workers become contaminated by radiation, plant officials try to blame her for the incident. When she discovers that negatives of photographs of faulty fuel rods have been retouched and records of inadequate safety measures have been altered, she decides to conduct an investigation of her own. Complications arise in her personal life when Angela, a funeral parlor beautician, joins the household as Dolly's lover. Unable to deal with Silkwood's obsession with gathering evidence, her lover Drew moves out. Once she feels she has gathered sufficient documentation, Silkwood contacts a reporter from the New York Times and arranges a nighttime meeting. In the film's final moments, the scene fades out as Silkwood, on her way to the meeting, sees approaching headlights in her rear-view mirror, which draw up so close that they blind her and make her unable to watch the road ahead. The scene fades in on the aftermath of her fatal one-car crash, and the viewer is left to decide whether the crash was an accident."] ['The story begins in 1902 in Baltimore, Maryland, where a young Babe Ruth, troubled and not-so disciplined, is sent to the St. Mary\'s Industrial School for Boys, a reformatory and orphanage. Ruth is sent by his father, George Herman Ruth Sr. , who cannot handle raising the boy. At the school, Ruth was schooled by Catholic missionaries and was made fun of by other children, because of his large size. Brother Matthias Boutlier , the Head of Discipline at St. Mary\'s, first introduced Ruth to the game of baseball. During a session of batting practice, Ruth hit several towering home runs off of Matthias, who was pitching. Brother Matthias and others were stunned by Ruth\'s amazing power to drive the ball. The film then flashes forward to 1914. A 19-year old Ruth  is on St. Mary\'s baseball team. Ruth continues to excel as a powerful hitter and a great pitcher. Ruth\'s amazing skills come to the attention of Jack Dunn . Since Ruth is underage, Dunn decides to adopt Ruth and sign him to a contract with the Baltimore Orioles. In the middle of the 1914 baseball season, Ruth is sold to the Boston Red Sox. As a member of the Red Sox, Ruth begins to gain wide attention for his home runs and becomes popular in Boston. However, he angers Red Sox owner Harry Frazee during a party, and following the 1919 season, Ruth demands a raise, and a suite for road games, so Frazee sells him to the New York Yankees to finance his Broadway shows, which had cost him money . Ruth becomes very popular in New York, as he helps the Yankees win the World Series in 1923. Also, in one game, he hits two home runs for a little boy named Johnny Sylvester, whom he had recently visited in hospital. However, two years later, after divorcing his first wife, Helen Woodfood , Ruth starts to go into a slump, while teammate Lou Gehrig  becomes known as the "Iron Horse". After getting pelted with lemons during a game, he gets angry and storms onto the dugout, yelling at the crowd, who continue to pound him with lemons. However, in 1927, Ruth returns to his old self and hits 60 home runs, breaking his old record of 59 home runs. In 1932, during the World Series against the Cubs, in Game 3, Ruth, during an at-bat, points to center field and hits a towering home run, "calling his shot". By 1934, Babe is well on the decline. He wants to pursue his post-career ambition of managing a baseball team, but Yankees owner Colonel Jacob Ruppert has other intentions, releasing the Babe instead. Under the promise of becoming a manager, Babe signs with the Boston Braves, but his presence on the team is more comedic than anything else. Before a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, Babe overhears the Boston owners saying he\'s only good for drawing a gate. He responds by blasting three home runs in the game. The film ends with Ruth broken, trudging alone through the entrance tunnel. He is confronted by a man; it is Johnny , now grown up. The Babe is still his hero, as they part he calls after him "You\'re the best... you\'re the best there\'s ever been".'] ["The film is a fictional narrative set in the nine hours in the life of Nathuram Godse  that lead up to his assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi . As he prepares for the shooting at Gandhi's residence, flashbacks recall Godse's troubled life of violence with Muslims, his problems with his family, and his involvement with two women . Meanwhile, one Officer Das  is attempting to find the killer before it is too late.Review – New York Times"] ["In 1998, a young gay man by the name of Matthew Shepard was robbed, viciously beaten and left tied to a fence to die. Although he was soon found by the police and hospitalized, he soon expired. This film recounts the events after the conviction of the two men responsible for this hate motivated murder. Matthew's parents, though satisfied by the conviction, are finding the sentencing phase of the trial more difficult. The parents initially want to request the death penalty for their son's murderers, but the mother, Judy Shepard , starts to reconsider. As they struggle with their decision, they decide to reexamine the life of their son and rediscover his personality, his struggle to accept his homosexuality as a natural part of his being and above all, his generous humanity to others. All of this leads the parents to appeal to the court the way their son would have wanted, not out of vengeance but to represent best of what their son was and the tragedy of his loss."] ["In 1869, anxious to be more than a tramp telegraph operator, Edison  travels to New York at the prompting of an old friend, Bunt Cavatt . He goes to work for Mr. Els . He tries to persuade financier Mr. Taggart  to fund the development of his inventions, but Taggart has no interest in financing “green electrical workers”. However, General Powell , the president of Western Union, does. Edison eventually sells an invention to Taggart and Powell for $40,000, enabling him to get married and open his own “invention factory” at Menlo Park. In the next few years, he perfects the phonograph with his devoted staff. Trouble arises when Bunt brags to reporters that Edison has invented the electric light. Since he hasn't yet, he is condemned by the scientific community . Edison “leaves science behind”, and with a Herculean trial-and-error effort, finally succeeds in inventing a practical electric light. His subsequent plans to light New York are again hindered by Taggart, who arranges it so that Edison is only given six months to complete the entire task. Nevertheless, Edison finishes the job just in time."] ["In May 1536, immediately following the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn , King Henry VIII  marries Jane Seymour , who dies in childbirth eighteen months later. He then weds a German princess, Anne of Cleves . This marriage ends in divorce when Anne deliberately makes herself unattractive so she can be free to marry her sweetheart. . After this divorce, Henry marries the beautiful and ambitious Lady Katherine Howard . She has rejected love all her life in favour of ambition, but after her marriage, she falls in love with Henry's handsome courtier Thomas Culpeper . Their liaison is discovered by Henry's advisers and the couple are executed. The weak and aging Henry consoles himself with a final marriage to Catherine Parr , who survives her husband."] ["As he is about to die, Porter's life flashes before him in the form of a musical production staged by the archangel Gabriel in the Indiana theater where the composer first performed on stage. From the start, Linda is aware of Cole's gay feelings, but her love for and devotion to him are strong enough for her to overlook his romantic flings outside their marriage. After a while, she can no longer ignore the innuendos in his songs and their relationship grows strained. Cole is photographed in an amorous embrace with another man in the rest room of a gay nightclub, and both he and Linda are blackmailed into paying a heavy settlement to suppress publication of the pictures. When he shrugs off the blackmail, she finally goes to Paris, leaving him bereft. Not until he is injured in a horseback riding accident that seriously cripples him does she return to his side, willing to forgive but still finding it difficult to cope with his extramarital affairs. Eventually she is diagnosed with emphysema, and as she prepares herself and her husband for her impending death, she attempts to forge a relationship between him and her interior decorator so he'll have a companion following her death, which deeply affects him. The eventual amputation of his right leg adds to his deep depression, affecting his creative output. Porter becomes increasingly reclusive, as well as becoming more dependent on alcohol.{{cite news}}"] ['Police officer Frank Spivey ([[Steven Weber  is eating lunch in his squad car when he happens upon a crazed man with a meat cleaver forcing a young woman  onto the ground. When Spivey intervenes, the man tells Spivey that he "doesn\'t know what she is," forcing Spivey to shoot the man before he kills her. As he begins to console her, he first notices that although she has an attractive body, her face is horrifically disfigured. Despite his initial revulsion, she cuddles into his arms and he finds himself affectionately drawn to her. At the police station his partner continues to kid on about the whole situation, trying to get him to forget about the shooting and the female. Still oddly drawn to her, Spivey excuses himself from his partner. That night he goes home and his wife Ruby , attempts to console him after learning of the shooting. As they begin to make love, he keeps picturing the woman and begins to anally rape his wife. She eventually forces him off her as he has lost himself in his fantasy of the woman. The next day, after a female detective interrogates the mystery woman, the detective relates to Spivey that the girl\'s name is probably Jenifer, since it was on a note in the man\'s pocket, and that she is mute and most likely retarded. Spivey visits Jenifer at the mental hospital to check on her. A male orderly comments that she has been frightening the male staff. When he enters her room, she is still in the shower and runs to embrace him despite being completely nude. Frank takes her to his home because he can find nowhere else that will take her. That night he dreams of a non-disfigured Jenifer seducing him, when he awakes she\'s standing in the room, and his wife and his son Pete  first experience her with varying degrees of disgust. His wife issues an ultimatum that it will be her or Jenifer staying there, so he again goes out to search for a place to take her. This time instead of looking, he is seduced by Jenifer in his car. When he brings her home she frightens away Frank\'s wife and son, devours his cat, and murders and eats his young neighbor Amy . Frank finally attempts to get a circus worker to kidnap her and put her in his freak show. When he arrives home, he finds Jenifer covered in blood and the circus worker dead in his refrigerator. Frank takes Jenifer and flees to an abandoned cabin in the woods where she hopefully can\'t hurt anyone. Frank gets a job at a small market and begins to slip out of Jenifer\'s spell. One day however, Jenifer spies him with the attractive owner of the store and follows the shop owner\'s son to a party. There she lures him into the woods and seduces him. Much like Frank he is repulsed by her face, but makes no effort to turn her away. In looking for Jenifer in the cabin cellar, Frank discovers her devouring the boy and snaps. Grabbing her by the hair he forces her through the woods to kill her. Just as he\'s about to strike her down a deer hunter shoots and kills Frank. Frank\'s last words are Jenifer as the deer hunter moves to comfort her... just as Frank had done.'] ['Steve Prefontaine comes from Coos Bay, Oregon and emerges as one of the premiere distance runners in collegiate track and field. After enrolling at the University of Oregon in 1970, where Bill Bowerman and Bill Dellinger become his coaches, Prefontaine proceeds to win three national cross-country championships and four consecutive 5,000-meter runs, breaking the U.S. record in the latter. "Pre" gains fame as an aggressive runner who likes to be out front from the start, rather than biding his time until a strong finish. A bitter disappointment comes in the 1972 Munich Olympics, where after leading his event with only 150 meters to go, Prefontaine is passed in the stretch by three different runners and does not win a medal. Pre devotes himself to preparing for the 1976 Montreal Olympics following his college career, but on May 30, 1975, his small car flips on a road not far from campus and Prefontaine, only 24 years old, is killed.'] ["February 1848. Alexandre Dumas  is at the height of his fame. He has withdrawn for a few days into the immense Château de Monte-Cristo near Le Port-Marly, that he is building. There he works with his collaborator, Auguste Maquet, . If the books bear Dumas' name, the tiring work undertaken by Maquet is colossal. Nevertheless, for ten years, Maquet has remained in the great man's shadow and never challenged his supremacy. When a quarrel breaks out between the two men, after Maquet passes himself off as Dumas in order to seduce Charlotte , - a crucial question presents itself: what is the exact part each man has in the work's success. Who is the father  of d'Artagnan, and of Monte Cristo? In short, who is really the author? Their relationship, so peaceful until this point is placed in doubt and topples over into confrontation. And not far away, in Paris, a revolution is building which will seal the fate of another relationship—that of Louis-Philippe— with the people of France."] ["The drama tells the story of Lennon's ([[Aaron Johnson  teenage years from 1955–1960 and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood – his Aunt Mimi , and his mother, Julia .<ref namehttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/7587671.stm|title29 August 2008|publisher5 March 2009}} In addition, the film shows the first meeting of Lennon with future Beatles Paul McCartney  and George Harrison , and the development of their friendship and musical partnership."] ['Imprisoned in Fort Santiago under the abusive Spanish colonization, José Rizal  was approached by a young uneducated indio asking the importance of education during his life. Meanwhile, in Balintawak, Andrés Bonifacio  and his fellow secret organization of Katipunan, commenced the uprising against the cruel tyranny created by the Spaniards by tearing their cedula as a sign of Spanish slavery. Soon, a first lieutenant of the Artillery, Luis Taviel de Andrade , visited Rizal. Taviel de Andrade did not waste time to study carefully Rizal’s case. In just a short period of time, Rizal and Taviel captured each other’s sympathy and eventually became friends as they had usual meetings in Rizal’s cell in Fort Santiago. Taviel was even able to celebrate Christmas with Rizal in the cell where they drank and sang together. After Christmas, Rizal was sent to Royal Audiencia  to hear the trial against him. Soon after, the magistrates decided to condemn him under firing squad on the 30th of the morning in Luneta. At the night before the execution, Rizal hallucinates, seeing his alter ego-protagonist Simoun of his novel El Filibusterismo tempting the author to change the climax of the story. On the morning of the execution, his kin received a small alcohol stove  from his cell containing the last poem "Mi Ultimo Adios." Stopping at the place of execution facing the rising sun, Rizal asked the authorities for a last request as he faces the firing squad but the request is denied. Calm and without haste, he changed his request to save his head during execution and the captain agrees. At the moment the shooting squad points at his back, he readily uttered his final words: Consummatum est.  After the execution, members of the Katipunan had ambushed a Spanish military company somewhere in Manila, completely catching the Spanish forces off guard and seized their mounts, munitions and their rifles. They had also captured a church and executed a friar in an act of vengeance for the execution of Rizal. Bonifacio and his top generals met in their headquarters to plan a new offensive seeking to capture 10 towns in a duration of 1 week from the Spanish. Rizal\'s picture can be seen at the background of his headquarters.'] ["The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing."] ['In 1956 Schenectady, New York, waitress Shirley Roque  marries auto mechanic Jack Muldowney  over the mild objections of her singer father Tex , who wants her to be able to take care of herself, rather than having to rely on a husband. Jack buys a gas station, Shirley becomes a housewife, and they have a son. For fun, Jack races his sportscar against others on deserted stretches of road late at night. One time, Shirley talks him into letting her drive. She wins and continues winning. A chance encounter with professional driver "Big Daddy" Don Garlits  gives her the idea to look for sponsorship from one of the major car manufacturers, despite her husband\'s skepticism. This being the 1950s, a pretty housewife is not taken seriously, especially since there are no women pro drivers at all. But when she returns home, Jack tells her that he can build her a dragster. In 1966, she is ready. She still needs to get three signatures before she can get her National Hot Rod Association  license, nearly impossible in the macho racing world. Finally, Garlits  signs, followed by funny car driver Connie Kalitta , who has his own reasons; Connie talks a reluctant third driver into going along. In her first attempt to qualify for a race, she sets a track record. Later, during a dinner with their respective spouses, Connie gets her alone, makes a pass at her, and gets slapped in the face. Shirley becomes successful, racing on weekends, but when Connie decides to move up to Top Fuel dragsters, she wants to buy his funny car and compete year round. This is the last straw for her husband, who just wants his wife back, and they separate. Connie and Shirley become involved, despite his continual philandering. In a 1973 race, her funny car is destroyed and she herself is seriously burned. When Connie is suspended indefinitely by the NHRA for fighting on her behalf, she tells him that she is going to Top Fuel. He becomes her crew chief. She wins her first NHRA national event in 1976, then the World Championship in 1977. Finally, tired of Connie\'s womanizing, she drops him from her team. Angry, he gets himself reinstated by the NHRA. Shirley, with little sponsorship and an inexperienced crew, has two lean years, but rebounds in 1980. She races against Kalitta in that year\'s NHRA championship final. The film ends with her victory and their reconciliation, and her ex-husband  giving her a private cheer.'] ['The film opens with the creation of the 1984 commercial for Apple Computer, which introduced the first Macintosh.Apple\'s 1984: The Introduction of the Macintosh in the Cultural History of Personal Computers. Duke University. Retrieved on 2011-10-07. Steve Jobs  is speaking with director Ridley Scott , trying to convey his idea that "We\'re creating a completely new consciousness." Scott, however, is more concerned at the moment with the technical aspects of the commercial. The film then flashes forward to 1997 as Jobs, who has returned to Apple, is announcing a new deal with Microsoft at the 1997 Macworld Expo. His partner, Steve Wozniak , is introduced as one of the two central narrators of the story. Wozniak notes to the audience the resemblance between "Big Brother" and the image of Bill Gates  on the screen behind Jobs during this announcement. Asking how they "got from there to here," the film turns to flashbacks of his youth with Jobs, prior to the forming of Apple. The first flashback of the film takes place on the U.C. Berkeley campus during the period of the early 1970s student movements. Jobs and Wozniak are shown caught on the campus during a riot between students and police. They flee and after finding safety, Jobs states to Wozniak, "Those guys think they\'re revolutionaries. They\'re not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak then comments that "Steve was never like you or me. He always saw things differently. Even when I was in Berkeley, I would see something and just see kilobytes or circuit boards while he\'d see karma or the meaning of the universe." Using a similar structure, the film next turns to a young Bill Gates at Harvard University, in the early 1970s, with classmate Steve Ballmer , and Gates’ high school friend Paul Allen . As with Wozniak in the earlier segment, Ballmer narrates Gates\' story, particularly the moment when Gates discovers the existence of Ed Roberts\'  MITS Altair . Gates\' and Allen\'s early work with MITS is juxtaposed against the involvement of Jobs and Wozniak with the Homebrew Computer Club, eventually leading to the development of the Apple I in 1976 with the help of angel investor Mike Markkula . The story follows the protagonists as they develop their technology and their businesses. At a San Francisco computer fair where the Apple II computer is introduced, Gates , attempts to introduce himself to Jobs, who snubs him. This is followed by the development of the IBM-PC with the help of Gates and Microsoft in 1981. It also follows Jobs\' relationship with his high school girlfriend  and the difficulties he had acknowledging the birth and existence of their daughter, Lisa. Around the time his daughter was born, Jobs unveiled his next computer, which he named, The Lisa. The Lisa was then followed in 1984 by the Macintosh, a computer inspired by the Xerox Alto. The main body of the film finally concludes with a birthday toast in 1985 to Steve Jobs shortly before he was fired by CEO John Sculley  from Apple Computer. It also includes a brief epilogue, noting what happened afterward in the lives of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. The movie ends with Steve Jobs returning to Apple after its acquisition of NeXT Computer, and Bill Gates appearing live via satellite at a MacWorld Expo in 1997, during Jobs\' first Stevenote keynote address, to announce an alliance between Apple and Microsoft.'] ["The film is a fictionalized biography of Fred Fisher, a German-born American writer of Tin Pan Alley songs. Tin Pan Alley promoter ([[Mark Stevens  turns serious composer Fred Breitenbach  into songwriter Fred Fisher. Fred Fisher is his assumed name in real life and Breitenbach is his birth surname. In the film, many Fisher songs were given a symphonic arrangement that was performed at Aeolian Hall. Among the Fisher songs heard were: * Chicago * Dardanella * Peg O' My Heart * Who paid the rent for Mrs. Rip Van Winkle?   {{OCLC}} {{OCLC}}"] ["Gandhi My Father paints the picture of Gandhi's intricate, complex, and strained relationship with son Harilal Gandhi. From the onset, the two had dreams in opposite directions. Harilal wanted to study abroad and become a barrister like his father, while Gandhi hoped that his son would join him and fight for his ideals and causes. When Gandhi doesn’t give Harilal the opportunity to study abroad, it comes as a huge and almost unforgivable blow to Hari. He decides to abandon his father’s vision and leaves South Africa for India where he joins his wife Gulab  and kids. He goes back to school to earn his diploma but fails three times in a row and ends in a financial dump. Each of his schemes to make money falls through and he ends up building a horrible reputation for himself, all the while tarnishing his father’s name. Sick of his failure, Gulab returns to her parent’s house with the kids and Hari stumbles and eventually falls. He turns to alcohol for solace and shuffles back and forth between Hinduism and Islam, in a never-ending search for peace. With political tension heating up, the rift between Gandhi and his eldest son grows until it’s beyond repair. This is the story of a man who lived in the enormous shadow of his father, striving to discover his identity."] ["In the year 60 B.C. a group of Druids, including the arch-druid Guttuart , witness the passing of a comet and interpret it as the sign of the coming of a king for their country Gaul, which has not had a king for a long time. Guttuart goes to Gergovia, the capital of the Arvenes tribe, to attend a meeting of Gallic tribal chieftains. The young boy Vercingetorix, along with his friend the young girl Eponia, sneak into a large cavern where Celtill, Vercingetorix's father and chieftain of the Arvenes, hosts the meeting of chieftains with the intention of proclaiming himself king of all Gauls. When Celtill shows off the crown once worn by the old kings of Gaul, an arrow from two Roman spies  hits Celtill in the back. Gobanittio, Celtill's brother, places Celtill under arrest while the Roman spies flee with the crown. Vercingetorix tries to rush in to help his father, but Guttuart prevents the young boy from intervening and explains that destiny requires Celtill to meet his fate. The young Vercingetorix, while watching his uncle burn his father alive, swears revenge. Many years later, the grown up Vercingetorix , having been educated among the druids, continues to seek revenge against his uncle. He and Guttuart go to a road being built by the Romans, but Guttuart flees upon seeing the approach of Julius Caesar  and an entourage of Roman legionaries. Caesar, who held the position of proconsul of Transalpine Gaul, invites Vercingetorix and the Arvenes to participate in an invasion of Britain and gives Vercingetorix a horse to ride back to Gergovia. Upon his arrival at Gergovia, Vercingetorix first avenges his father's death by killing his uncle and then tells his tribe of Caesar's offer to give one half of the booty if the tribe joins in the expedition to Britain. At Bibracte, capital of the Eduens tribe, various chieftains gather to hear Caesar speak of his planned invasion of Britain. Dumnorix, chieftain of the Eduens,  is skeptical of the Romans and tells Caesar that he does not want to go, but Caesar takes his children as hostages anyway. Later, Vercingetorix is reunited with his childhood friend Eponia  in a private meeting with Caesar, who shows to Vercingetorix and Eponia the old crown of the kings of Gaul. Caesar suggests that the numerous Gallic tribes should be united under one king chosen by Rome, but Vercingetorix refuses Caesar's offer by saying that the king of the Gauls should be chosen by destiny. After Dumnorix attacks a Roman garrison, Caesar orders Vercingetorix to capture him. When Vercingetorix confronts Dumnorix, the latter tells him that it was the Romans who orchestrated Celtill’s death. Two Roman officers have been following Vercingetorix, and one of them kills Dumnorix instantly with a sling stone to the forehead. Vercingetorix kills the Roman who slew Dumnorix and sends the other one back to Caesar, who learns that he has made an enemy with someone whom he would rather have as an ally. Vercingetorix, after being elected as leader of the Arvernes at Gergovia, uses scorched earth tactics against the Romans, but he reluctantly spares the city of Avaricum from the torch. Caesar orders the massacre of Avaricum’s inhabitants and leads his army to Gergovia to attack Vercingetorix and the Arvernes. The Eduens also arrive at Gergovia, but they abruptly end their alliance with Rome because of Caesar's massacre of Avaricum. A terribly disappointed Caesar curses all the Gauls and his army is forced to retreat. While the Gallic chieftains elect Vercingetorix as commander-in-chief of a united Gallic army, Caesar forms a pact with the fearsome Teutons at the Rhine River. The Teutons ambush two of the Arvernes and the presence of the Teutons concerns Vercingetorix. Vercingetorix goes to Alesia but Caesar also arrives there with a large army to besiege the city. During this Battle of Alesia, the Romans quickly build a circle of fortifications around the city and this forces Vercingetorix to wait inside the city for a Gallic relief army to arrive. Problems in the election of a commander for this relief army delays its arrival at Gergovia. When the relief army finally arrives, Vercingetorix orders that the Gauls simply surround the Romans, who are now trapped in their own fortifications, and not attack them. Caesar is aware that his army will starve to death if the Gauls do not attack, but he is confident that destiny will play its part. The Gauls clamour for one big battle and Vercingetorix reluctantly agrees to lead them in the fight. Gallic warriors rush towards the Roman fortifications, but the Romans shoot them down with volleys of arrows and javelins. When Caesar unleashes the Teutons into battle, all was lost for the Gauls and they withdraw amidst the large field of dead bodies. Vercingetorix resigns in the fate of the conquered Gauls and rides out to give himself up to the Romans at their fort, where he lays down his weapons and kneels before Caesar. The film ends with Guttuart’s narration that Caesar was assassinated on the Ides of March 44 B.C. on the steps of the Roman Senate and that Vercingetorix, imprisoned in Rome, was executed two years earlier by order of Caesar."] ['The film begins with Ron Kovic\'s childhood during a summer in Massapequa, New York. He plays war in the woods, attends a Fourth of July parade, plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game, and watches President John F. Kennedy\'s inaugural address, which later inspires him to enlist in the Marines. After Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture about the Marine Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom because he is unable to secure a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The film then moves to Kovic\'s second Vietnam tour in October 1967. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, named Wilson. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsmen present who try to save him, Wilson later dies from his wounds, leaving a deep impression on Kovic. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer , who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol in January 1968. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The hospital living conditions are deplorable: rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients\' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant , and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg, and he vehemently argues with the doctors who briefly consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. From the start, he notices how all his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed. He begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about students staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually becomes disillusioned, feeling the effects of his paralysis on his life, and realizes that all the things he was taught from birth, like honor, patriotism, and courage, were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back. In Ron\'s absence, his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, remarking to Ron directly in his face what the war had done to him, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron\'s new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron\'s birthday sharing war stories. Later, Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are captured and taken away by the police at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War. After returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran who expresses no sympathy to Ron, Ron\'s disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother, yelling at her that there was no God, and that they murdered civilians in Vietnam in disregard of Christian morals. Ron travels to a small town in Mexico  that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he\'s in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-using veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute\'s mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight about what each of them had really done in Vietnam, knocking each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and eventually driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson, the Marine he accidentally killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson\'s widow, now the mother of the deceased Marine\'s toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for killing her husband, but adds that maybe God can. Wilson\'s parents, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson\'s father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron\'s conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War  and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon\'s acceptance speech and cause a commotion that makes it onto the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the VA hospital conditions, that the Vietnam war is wrong, and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting against the US for their independence, fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic\'s speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography, Born on the Fourth of July.'] ['Henry Stanley is a fearless newspaper reporter ready to do whatever it takes to get a story, regardless of any danger to his life. Colonel Grimes tells two peace commissioners sent from Washington DC that he cannot permit them to try to contact the Indians of the Wyoming Territory of 1870, as it would be suicidal, only to have Stanley emerge from the wilderness, escorted by a band of the natives and his guide, Jeff Slocum . When Stanley returns to New York City, his employer, New York Herald publisher James Gordon Bennett, Jr., gives him another near-impossible assignment. The London Globe has announced that an expedition headed by Gareth Tyce , the son of the Globe{{\'}}s publisher, Lord Tyce , has verified that world-renowned missionary David Livingstone is dead. Bennett does not believe it, and would relish embarrassing his rival by proving the story wrong. It is a daunting task, searching the mostly unmapped interior of the "dark continent" for one man, but Stanley accepts the challenge. On the boat trip to Zanzibar, Stanley makes a very unfavorable impression on fellow passenger Lord Tyce. Stanley meets Eve Kingsley  and her father, John Kingsley , the temporary head of the British authorities in Zanzibar. Eve has been seeing Gareth Tyce, recovering from his ordeal, in the hope of getting him to persuade his father to use his influence to have her father reassigned to a more healthy posting back in England. Eve warns Stanley about the dangers of Africa, but he is undeterred. He, Slocum and a band of native bearers set out into uncharted territory. Months pass with no sign of hope, and Stanley\'s resolve begins to waver. He also realizes he is in love with Eve. Finally, however, two hunters tell him of a white man they call "doctor" in a village beside Lake Tanganyika. Though feverish, Stanley gets them to guide him there. He sees a white man waiting to greet him. "Dr. Livingstone ... I presume", Stanley hesitantly inquires. It is indeed he. For several months, Stanley recuperates and follows Livingstone around on his work. The cynical reporter is greatly changed by the experience. Finally, though, he returns to England, bearing Livingstone\'s plea for assistance. Upon his arrival in London, he is met by Eve, only to discover she is now happily married to Gareth. When Lord Tyce openly suggests that Stanley fabricated everything, Stanley presents Livingstone\'s maps and documents to the British Geographical Society for examination and judgment. Despite his heartfelt speech, it is clear to Stanley that too few of the members believe him. As he is leaving the hall, a messenger arrives with news that another expedition has recovered Livingstone\'s body, as well as the man\'s last written message, in which he talks glowingly of Stanley. Vindicated, Stanley decides to return to Africa to carry on the great man\'s work.'] ["The film starts just before World War II and shows the political and personal side of Benito Mussolini aka Il Duce's fall from power until his death and the end of the war. It delves into Il Duce's relationship with his son in-law, daughter, wife, mistress, and admiration of Hitler."] ["The film begins with Robinson as a child, being given a worn-out baseball glove by a stranger impressed by his fielding skills. As a young man, he becomes a multi-sport star at the University of California, Los Angeles, but as he nears graduation, he worries about his future. His older brother Mack was also an outstanding college athlete and graduate, but the only job he could get was that of a lowly street cleaner. When America enters World War II, Robinson is drafted, serving as an athletic director. Afterward, he plays baseball with a professional African-American team. However, the constant travel keeps him away from his college sweetheart, Rae. Then one day, Brooklyn Dodgers scout Clyde Sukeforth invites him to meet Branch Rickey, president of the Major League Baseball team. At first, Robinson considers the offer to be a practical joke, as there are no African Americans allowed in the segregated major leagues. When he is convinced that the opportunity is genuine, he and Rickey size each other up. After thinking over Rickey's warning about the hatred and abuse he would have to endure without being able to strike back, Robinson signs with the Dodgers' International League farm team, the Montreal Royals. Though he wants to delay marrying Rae to shield her, she insists on an immediate wedding so she can support her man in the trying times ahead. Robinson leads the league in hitting in his first year, and despite the grave concerns expressed by the Commissioner of Major League Baseball, Rickey goes ahead and promotes him to the Dodgers. Reviled at first by many of the fans and some of his own teammates, Robinson gets off to a shaky start, playing out of position at first base and going through a hitting slump, but then gradually wins people over with his talent and determination. The team goes on to win the pennant, with Robinson driving in the tying run and scoring the winning one in the deciding game. At the end, Robinson is invited to address the United States House of Representatives in Washington, D.C."] ['A tomboy named Mary Louise "Texas" Guinan lands a job with a Wild West show after proving she can ride a bucking bronco. The rodeo\'s new owner is Romero "Bill" Kilgallen, who doubles Texas\'s pay after the attention she gets from saving a toddler\'s life from a runaway wagon at a show. Tim Callahan comes along, looking for a job as the show\'s press agent by promising not to tell what he has found out, that Texas\'s "heroism" was a staged act, with a midget pretending to be the endangered child. Texas sends money home to her impoverished family. Tim falls in love with her, but she prefers Bill, unaware that he is legally bound to an institutionalized wife. Tim ends up marrying Texas and promoting her new career on stage in New York. Bill tries making movies in Hollywood, but things go badly. A gangster acquaintance, Joe Cadden, takes control of Nick the Greek\'s nightclub in New York and ends up making Texas his headliner there. Her fame grows, but a feud develops between Cadden and two other racketeers, the Vettori brothers, that leads to bloodshed and threats against Texas and Tim. Bill saves her life, but is arrested and sentenced to jail. His own wife passes away, making him free to marry again, but Texas has discovered that she has an inoperable condition, and that she will die before Tim can get out of prison.'] ["The film tells the somewhat fictionalized rise and fall of Hollywood bombshell and sex symbol, Jayne Mansfield. The Jayne Mansfield Story opens in 1967 in Mississippi with Jayne Mansfield closing a show and then talking on a payphone with Mickey Hargitay about going on a new tour together. Intercut with scenes of Mansfield getting into a car and then crashing when the driver tries to overtake a spray truck is film of a teleprinter typing out the news of Mansfield's death. An announcer reads the text over both scenes. The film then goes to credits, intercut with still images of Mansfield as a child and young woman. The next scene is of an unnamed woman interviewing Hargitay about Mansfield . Hargitay shows her photos including one where a dark-haired Mansfield poses with a chimpanzee as a publicity stunt to promote a film premiere at the theater where she worked as a popcorn salesperson. . At a scene from the theater and at home Mansfield expresses her desire to act in films and she is shown as a single mother, taking care of her only daughter Jayne Marie after the father left because he disagreed with her acting ambition. In the next scene Mansfield approaches talent agent Bob Garrett on the street . She manages too convince Garrett to give her an audition for a one line part in a film after pushing her chest out and declaring that she has something more than Marilyn Monroe. At the audition, Mansfield declines to read the line given to her, opting instead to read a line from Come Back, Little Sheba. She doesn't get the part. Meeting later with Garrett, Mansfield makes a high pitched cooing sound and strikes a pose, asking rhetorically if this is what they want. Garrett tells her she might be on to something and tells her to lose weight and change her hair. Mansfield states that she'll project an airheaded bimbo image until her career gets going and then she'll switch to more serious roles. A month later Mansfield meets with Garrett at a car dealership, with blonde hair and wearing a pink polka-dot dress, she's received a pink Cadillac for free as promotion. Next, Mansfield appears at the Southern California press club , handing out Christmas presents while wearing a white fur trimmed bikini top and bottom. At a Florida poolside photoshoot, Mansfield pretends to fall in the pool , shouting that she can't swim to get the attention of the photographers who eagerly take pictures of her."] ['The shocking true story of Albert Fish, the most monstrous yet least known serial killer in the history of true crime in America. In 1928, the angelic 10-year-old Grace Budd is abducted by a kindly old grandfather and never seen again. After scouring the country for her for six years, detectives finally arrest Albert Fish for her kidnapping but are unprepared for the horrors they are about to uncover... Aged 55 when the film opens, Hamilton Fish, aka Albert Fish, is the father of six grown children whom he has raised on his own after his wife abandoned the family to run off with their boarder. A compulsive liar and letter writer, Fish corresponds with women through "friendship" magazines, woos several under false pretenses, and even marries a few—even though he is still technically married to his first wife—but eventually repulsing all of them with his sexual perversions. Having always struggled with leading his life according to his religious convictions, Fish now teeters on the brink of complete surrender to his sadomasochistic tendencies. It is the kidnapping of Grace Budd that leads to his downfall. When he is finally arrested, the authorities discover a trail of murder, mutilation and cannibalism. Fish is found guilty despite overwhelming evidence of his insanity, and promptly sentenced to die in the electric chair.'] ['Set in the city of Prague of 1919, Kafka tells the tale of an insurance worker who gets involved with an underground group after one of his co-workers is murdered. The underground group, responsible for bombings all over town, attempts to thwart a secret organization that controls the major events in society. He eventually penetrates the secret organization in order to confront them.'] ['Christine Painter  is a sexually naive waitress and single-mother who pays for her teenage son\'s tuition by renting flats to local tarts. She later becomes a call girl herself - joining her friend Shirley  and their "maid" Dolly  - and specializes in fetish/kink roleplay with older gentlemen. With her new family of friends and admirers, she becomes a huge sensation leading to wealth and infamy in the tabloids. The brothel business also brings out Christine\'s self-confidence, and leads to repairing a previously strained relationship with her father.'] [' Christmas 1924: Two-year-old Frances Gumm performs in public for the first time, singing "Jingle Bells". Her mother, Ethel, watches from the audience while her father, Frank, watches from backstage. Ethel is unhappy with her marriage because of her husband\'s homosexuality. To help herself cope, she moves the family to Hollywood with the hope that her daughters will break into the movie business. 1935: Frank Gumm takes Frances, now using her stage name of "Judy Garland," to the studios of Metro Goldwyn Mayer to audition. MGM chief Louis B. Mayer is not impressed with her rendition of "Zing Went the Strings of My Heart\', but when she sings a different song an impressed Mayer says, "Little girl. Big voice." Thirteen-year-old Judy signs an MGM contract but, because of her age, the studio does not know what to do with her and keeps giving her radio appearances. Tragedy strikes one night when she is told her father has been rushed to the hospital. She is also told that doctors have put a radio beside his bed, so he will be listening. While Suzy and Jimmie are in tears over their ill father, Ethel shows no emotion at all. He dies the next day. 1938-1939: Judy\'s movie career is now blooming. Now sixteen , she finds herself in competition with MGM\'s new glamorous star, Lana Turner, who is everything she is not: tall, thin, and blond. Judy also becomes jealous as Lana steals everybody\'s, including Mickey Rooney\'s, attention on her birthday. MGM purchases the rights to L. Frank Baum\'s classic children\'s book, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Rumors spread that Shirley Temple might be playing Dorothy, but when 20th Century Fox refuses to lend her out to them, Judy is cast. She is prescribed some pills to help her sleep and to give her energy to work, and she is also forced to lose weight. She is then seen filming the "Yellow Brick Road" dance with the Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion. On the first take, they all close in and shut her out, prompting director Victor Fleming to yell "You three dirty hams! Let that little girl in there!" The film turns out to be a huge success and she is catapulted to international stardom. Early 1940s: Judy begins a romance with bandleader Artie Shaw, who has already been married and divorced twice. This causes much concern, especially for Ethel, who has now remarried. Judy continues to see him and is shocked when he elopes with Lana Turner, leaving her heartbroken and reluctant to return to the studio since she feels she has to compete with all the goddesses. While filming the "I Got Rhythm" sequence for Girl Crazy, she is continually being reprimanded by her director, the no-nonsense Busby Berkeley, over not putting enough energy into her performance. Eventually, she collapses on the set and is granted three weeks rest, despite the doctor\'s instruction that she needs six. Aged just nineteen, she marries composer David Rose, but the marriage lasts only eighteen months. 1944: Judy  meets Vincente Minnelli , who is the director of her next film, Meet Me in St. Louis. She is then shown filming the "Trolley Song" sequence. She and Vincente marry in 1945. On their honeymoon, she tells him she plans to quit MGM when her contract expires. She also says she is pregnant, throws away a bottle of her pills, and vows never to take them again. 1947: Now mother to Liza, Judy is forced to renew her contract with MGM. While filming The Pirate, she has a mental breakdown and Vincente finds out she\'s taking the pills again. The marriage spirals downward from there. 1950: Judy is suspended from MGM and from filming Annie Get Your Gun . She also tries to commit suicide by slashing her throat with a broken glass. She is fired by MGM and her marriage to Vincente falls apart due to his exhaustion of her mood swings. During this time, she meets Sid Luft . He helps her with her show business comeback at the Palace Theatre on Broadway.  Early-1950s: Judy marries Sid in 1952 and a few months later she gives birth to a second daughter, Lorna. In 1953, her mother, Ethel, dies in a parking lot after suffering a heart attack. Initially, she does not react to the news, having been estranged from her for years, but while filming "The Man That Got Away" sequence for A Star is Born, her first film since MGM fired her, she misses her mark, and starts crying in her dressing room, not exactly sure if she is upset over her mother\'s death. She receives an Academy Award nomination for her performance. In 1955, a day before the 27th Academy Awards, she gives birth to a son, Joey, but on the night she loses the award to Grace Kelly, much to the shock and disappointment of her friends, and much of the film world. Late-1950s: Judy is now struggling with debts, her weight has ballooned, and at this stage, her marriage to Sid is starting to crumble. Early-1960s: After overcoming a life-threatening illness and slimming down, Judy tours America, the high point being a concert at New York\'s Carnegie Hall. As her marriage to Sid continues to collapse, she wins custody of their two children. Mid-1960s: Judy gets her own television series, but she is forced to go on the road again after it is cancelled. Judy\'s tour of Australia starts off fine, but her concert in Melbourne is a flop; she has trouble remembering the words to her songs, stumbles, and is heckled by the audience before being booed off stage. Judy later marries for a fourth time, this time to Mark Herron. This marriage lasts a mere five months as he turns out to be gay and is discovered in bed with a male pool cleaner, and she throws him out. Lorna begins to understand the connection between her mother\'s erratic behaviour and her medication. She reconciles with Sid, who books her at the Palace Theatre, this time with Lorna and Joey. He gives Lorna some instructions on how to take care of her mother. However, life with Judy , and looking after her mother and brother becomes too much for fourteen-year-old Lorna, who collapses from exhaustion. Fearing for his children\'s safety, Sid takes them to live with him in Los Angeles. 1969: Judy marries for a fifth and final time. Her new husband is Mickey Deans. They settle in London. Liza, Lorna, and Joey call her on her 47th birthday on June 10, and say they will come and spend the summer with her when school finishes in two weeks. Twelve days later, on June 22, she dies from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills. A hysterical Lorna sobs in her father\'s arms. The film ends with Judy performing "Get Happy".'] ["Veronica is an adventurous, curious, slightly tomboyish young woman in Venice. Her lover Marco  cannot marry her because her family is not wealthy enough to provide a good dowry. Marco, a future Senator, marries a foreign noblewoman instead. Veronica's mother  must think of the future and her family's financial security, as she still requires dowries for her younger daughters and money for her son's commission. Rather than go to a convent, Veronica's mother suggests she become a courtesan, a highly paid, cultured prostitute like her mother and grandmother before her. At first Veronica is repelled by the idea, but once she discovers that courtesans are allowed access to libraries and education, she tentatively embraces the idea. Veronica quickly gains a reputation as a top courtesan, impressing the powerful men of Venice with her beauty, wit, and compassion. Marco finds it difficult to adjust to his new wife, who is nothing like Veronica, and becomes jealous as she takes his friends and relatives as lovers. After Marco's cousin Maffio, a poor bard who was once publicly upstaged by Veronica, attacks her, Marco rushes to her aid. They rekindle their romance and Veronica stops seeing clients. War breaks out between the Ottoman Empire and Venice, and the city appeals to France for aid. Veronica is encouraged to seduce the king of France and secures a military alliance. Marco becomes despondent that she has broken her promise of fidelity. Veronica points out that she sacrificed their love for the good of the city, while he only did it to protect his family's political standing, and Marco leaves for war angry. While the Senators are fighting at sea, a plague hits the city. Religious zealots take the war and plague as punishment for the city's moral degradation, and Veronica's home is quarantined and almost ransacked by a mob. Veronica is summoned to appear before the Inquisition on charges of witchcraft and refuses to name her clients. When it appears that she will be executed, Marco publicly shames the Venetian ministers and senators into standing. Bewildered by the extent of sin in the city, the Inquisitor drops the charges of witchcraft, and Marco and Veronica reconcile."] ['The film\'s famous beginning has General George S. Patton  giving a speech to an unseen audience of American troops , with a huge American flag in the background. The scene then shifts to North Africa at the start of 1943, where Patton takes charge of the demoralized American II Corps in North Africa after the humiliating defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. After instilling discipline in his soldiers, he leads them to victory at the Battle of El Guettar, though he is bitterly disappointed to learn afterward that Erwin Rommel , whom he respects greatly as a general, was not his opponent. Patton\'s aide, Captain Jensen, is killed in the battle and replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Codman who assures Patton that, though Rommel was absent, that if Patton defeated Rommel\'s plan, then he defeated Rommel. Patton is shown to believe in reincarnation, while remaining a devout Christian. At one point during the North Africa campaign, he takes his staff on an unexpected detour to the site of the ancient Battle of Zama. There he reminisces about the battle, insisting to his second in command, General Omar Bradley  that he was there. After North Africa is secured, Patton is involved in the Allied invasion of Sicily. His proposal to land his Seventh Army in the northwest of the island is rejected in favor of the more cautious plan of British General Bernard Law Montgomery, in which the British and American armies are to land side-by-side in the southeast. Frustrated at the slow progress of the campaign, Patton defies orders, racing northwest to capture the city of Palermo and then narrowly beats Montgomery in a race to capture the port of Messina in the northeast. However, Patton\'s aggression is regarded with increasing disquiet by his subordinates Bradley and Truscott, and he is eventually relieved of command for slapping and attempting to shoot a shell-shocked soldier, whom he accuses of cowardice, in an Army hospital. For this incident and for his tendency to speak his mind to the press, he is sidelined during the long-anticipated D-Day landings, being placed in command of the fictional First United States Army Group in southeast England as a decoy. German General Alfred Jodl  is convinced that Patton will lead the invasion of Europe. Fearing he will miss out on his destiny, he begs his former subordinate, General Omar Bradley, for a command before the war ends. He is given the Third Army and distinguishes himself by rapidly sweeping across France until his tanks are halted by lack of fuel. He later relieves the vital town of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge. He then smashes through the Siegfried Line and drives into Germany itself. Patton has previously remarked to a British crowd that the United States and Great Britain would dominate the post-war world, which is viewed as a slight to the Russians. After the Germans capitulate, he insults a Russian officer at a celebration; fortunately, the Russian insults Patton right back, defusing the situation. Patton then makes an offhand remark comparing the Nazi Party to the political parties in the U.S. In the end, Patton\'s outspokenness loses him his command once again, though he is kept on to see to the rebuilding of Germany. The film ends with Patton walking his dog, a bull terrier named Willie, and Scott relating in a voice over that a returning hero of ancient Rome was honored with a victory parade in which "a slave stood behind the conqueror holding a golden crown and whispering in his ear a warning: that all glory is fleeting."'] ['The film opens with Jude Quinn  {{cite web}} Woody Guthrie , an 11-year old African American boy, is seen carrying a guitar in a case labeled "This machine kills fascists" as he travels the country, pursuing his dream of becoming a singer. Gray, 2006, The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia, pp. 287–289. Woody befriends the African-American Arvin family, who give him food and hospitality, and Woody in turn performs Bob Dylan\'s 1965 song "Tombstone Blues", accompanied by Richie Havens . At dinner, Mrs. Arvin advises Woody: "Live your own time, child, sing about your own time". Later that night, Woody leaves the Arvins\' home, leaving behind a note thanking them, and catches a ride on a train, where a group of thieves attempt to rob him. He jumps from the speeding train and dives into a river, where a white couple rescue him and take him to a hospital, before bringing him home. They receive a phone call from a juvenile correction center in Minnesota from which Woody had escaped. The phone call prompts Woody\'s swift departure, and he takes a Greyhound bus to Greystone Park Hospital in New Jersey, where he visits  Woody Guthrie, leaving flowers at Guthrie\'s bedside and playing his guitar. (Over the hospital sequence, Bob Dylan performs his song "[[Blind Willie McTell  Ben Whishaw plays a young man who shares his name with the nineteenth century French poet Arthur Rimbaud. Arthur is solely seen in an interrogation room where he gives oblique answers to  questioners. Christian Bale plays Jack Rollins, a young folk singer, whose story is framed as a documentary and told by interviewees such as fictional folk singer named Alice Fabian—described by some critics as a Joan Baez-like figure<ref name  http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID I\'m Not There| author  21 November 2007| accessdate  rogerebert.com}}<ref name  http://gothamist.com/2006/04/18/nyc_album_art_t.php | title  Gothamist | date  2009-03-01}} Robbie and Claire attend the premiere of the movie, which turns out to be a disappointment for Claire and the audience. Robbie and Claire\'s relationship begins to unravel, as Claire glimpses Robbie touching another woman at a party and is disturbed by his misogynistic attitude in comments such as "chicks can never be poets". At the end of their marriage, Robbie and Claire argue over custody of their children and Robbie and Claire file for divorce. The result of the custody battle seems to be in Claire\'s favor, but Robbie leaves taking his daughters on a boat trip while archival clips show Henry Kissinger and Le Duc Tho signing the Paris Peace Accords. Gray, The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia, pp. 198–200. In the film, the relationship between Robbie and Claire lasts precisely as long as American involvement in the Vietnam War. Cate Blanchett plays Jude Quinn, seen at a concert in a New England town, performing a rock version of "Maggie\'s Farm" to the outraged folk music fans.  Jude is seen arriving at a press conference in London and answering questions. Heylin, 1996, Bob Dylan: A Life In Stolen Moments, p. 87.Dylan\'s 1965 press conference reproduced in: Hedin , 2004, Studio A: The Bob Dylan Reader, pp. 51–58. Later, in his hotel suite, Jude is threatened by a hotel waiter brandishing a knife, who is knocked out by Jude\'s lover with a vase. Jude\'s operations in London are supervised by his manager, Norman , played by Mark Camacho. In a surreal episode, Jude is seen gambolling at high speed in a park with the Beatles, following a cloud of smoke presumed to represent Dylan\'s introducing the band to cannabis. (The speeded-up film echoes the style of Dick Lester\'s direction in [[A Hard Day\'s Night . Jude is then confronted by BBC cultural reporter, Keenan Jones, played by Bruce Greenwood . Jude and his entourage meet the poet Allen Ginsberg, played by David Cross, who suggests that Jude may be "selling out" to God. Keenan Jones later asks Jude whether he cares about what he sings about every night, to which Jude replies, "How can I answer that if you\'ve got the nerve to ask me?" and walks out of the interview. . The Dylan song "Ballad of a Thin Man" plays as Keenan Jones moves through a surreal episode in which he appears to act out the song\'s lyrics."You walk into the room/ With your pencil in your hand/ You see somebody naked / And you say: \'Who is that man?\'" Jones is seen obtaining a copy of Jude Quinn\'s high school year book. In concert, Jude performs "Ballad of a Thin Man", when one of his outraged fans shouts "Judas!" Jude replies "I don\'t believe you".  As the fans rush the stage in an apparent attempt to attack Jude, he narrowly escapes with his band. Back in his hotel suite, Jude watches Keenan Jones on television reveal that the true identity of Jude Quinn is "Aaron Jacob Edelstein" . Jude later throws a party where his guests include Brian Jones, The Rolling Stones guitarist, and wealthy socialite and "queen of the underground" Coco Rivington, whom Jude insults.  As Jude\'s condition from drug usage worsens, he vomits in his friend\'s lap. Jude and Allen Ginsberg are later seen at the foot of a huge crucifix, apparently talking to Jesus. Jude shouts at the figure on the cross: "Why don\'t you do your early stuff?" and "How does it feel?!". After being whisked off in a car, Jude passes out on the floor while his friends stare down at him. Jude\'s manager, Norman observes: "I don\'t think he can get back on stage. He\'s gotten inside so many psyches – and death is just such a part of the American scene right now." Jude is last seen in his car directly addressing the viewer, "Everyone knows I\'m not a folk singer". Richard Gere portrays the outlaw Billy the Kid. Billy searches unsuccessfully for his dog, Henry, and then meets his friend, Homer. Homer tells Billy about Pat Garrett\'s destruction of Riddle County and the high incidence of suicide and murder. As the townspeople celebrate Halloween, a funeral takes place and a band performs Dylan\'s Basement Tapes song "Goin\' to Acapulco" (sung by Jim James and backed by the band [[Calexico . Following the service, Pat Garrett  arrives and confronts the townspeople. Billy dons a mask to disguise himself and tells Garrett to stay clear of Riddle County. Garrett then orders the authorities to arrest Billy and he is taken to the county jail. Billy escapes from the jail  and hops a ride on a train. Billy then sees his dog, Henry, one last time. Billy finds a guitar on the train that reads "This Machine kills Fascists", the same guitar that Woody Guthrie played at the beginning of the film. Billy\'s final words are "People are always talking about freedom, the freedom to live a certain way without being kicked around. \'Course the more you live a certain way the less it feels like freedom. Me? I can change during the course of a day. When I wake I\'m one person, when I go to sleep I know for certain I\'m somebody else. I don\'t know who I am most of the time. It\'s like you got yesterday, today and tomorrow all in the same room. There\'s no telling what can happen."In his 1997 interview with David Gates of Newsweek, Dylan said: "I don\'t think I\'m tangible to myself. I mean, I think one thing today and I think another thing tomorrow. I change during the course of a day. I wake and I\'m one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I\'m somebody else. I don\'t know who I am most of the time. It doesn\'t even matter to me."{{cite web}} The film ends with a close-up of the real Bob Dylan playing an extended harmonica solo during a live performance of "Mr. Tambourine Man". The footage was shot by D. A. Pennebaker during Dylan\'s 1966 World Tour.'] ["Following the death of her husband Francis II of France, Mary, Queen of Scots  returns to her native land. Though fearless, unselfish, and very beautiful, the young queen faces many challenges. As in neighbouring England, the Protestant faith has been embraced by many nobles of Scotland; in addition, the Catholic Mary has to deal with her half-brother James Stewart, Lord Moray's  ambitions for rule. He suggests that Mary enjoy herself in Scotland, and pass the time with dancing and feasting. Moray wants to rule Scotland while the lovely but inexperienced Mary becomes a figurehead. Fearing that Mary has ambitions for England's throne, Elizabeth I of England  decides to weaken her claim by sending her favourite, the ambitious Robert Dudley ([[Daniel Massey , to woo and marry Mary. She promises that Mary will become her heir if she agrees to the marriage. Sly Elizabeth also sends the younger, dashing but weak Lord Darnley , from a powerful Catholic family. Tempted by the handsome Darnley, Mary impulsively chooses him for marriage. Lord Moray, a Protestant, opposes the marriage, but Mary ignores him. She even exiles Moray to strengthen her own authority. Elizabeth is satisfied that reckless, passionate Mary's romantic misadventures will keep her busy in Scotland and give shrewd, practical Elizabeth less to worry about. Soon after the wedding, Darnley throws a childish temper tantrum, complaining that he has no real power and is merely Mary's King Consort. A disillusioned Mary soon banishes Darnley from her bed and frequently consults with the gentle, soft-spoken Italian courtier David Riccio . Darnley had previously had him as a lover and accuses him of fathering Mary's expected child. A group of Scottish lords persuade Darnley to help get rid of Riccio, whom they murder in Mary's presence. To escape, she persuades Darnley that the plotters will turn against him, and they flee to the safety of Lord Bothwell . He has been an ally of Mary since her arrival in Scotland. After he defeats the plotters, Mary forces a truce among their leader Moray, Darnley and Bothwell. Mary gives birth to a son, James, who is expected to succeed both Mary and the unmarried, childless Elizabeth. The peace is short-lived. The weak, selfish Darnley still wants power, though by now he is hideously scarred and already dying of syphilis . Mary pities him, but finds herself falling in love with the rough but loyal Bothwell. With Moray's help, they arrange for Darnley to be killed in a gunpowder explosion at his manor. Bothwell marries Mary, and their few brief nights together are blissful. But Moray rejoins the Scottish lords and leads a rebellion against them. He forces Mary to abdicate, and she and her husband are driven into exile, Mary to England and Bothwell to Denmark. Mary's young son James is to be crowned King of Scotland  and raised as a Protestant. In England, Mary begs Elizabeth for money and an army to regain her throne. Instead Elizabeth takes her prisoner, keeping her locked away in luxurious captivity in a remote castle. Elizabeth's closest advisor, Sir William Cecil , is anxious to get rid of Mary, but Elizabeth fears to set a precedent by putting an anointed monarch to death. She also fears that Mary's death might spark a rebellion by her Catholic subjects and cause problems with powerful France and Spain. As a result Mary is doomed to an open-ended captivity. Over time the once proud Queen of Scots succumbs to an empty routine, plotting half-heartedly to escape but growing increasingly comfortable in her luxurious seclusion. She occupies herself with a lazy daily schedule of cards, embroidery and gossip, talking vaguely of escape yet sleeping later and later each morning. Yet while the helpless imprisoned queen has lost all will to harm her enemies, they continue to plot her final destruction. With the help of his associate Walsingham ([[Richard Warner , Cecil finds evidence of Mary's involvement in the conspiracy to assassinate Elizabeth known as the Babington Plot. Finally Elizabeth confronts Mary, who regains her royal pride and behaves defiantly at their secret meeting. Although Elizabeth offers her mercy if she begs for forgiveness, Mary will not beg for mercy in public. She endures the trial, conviction and execution. She knows her son James will ultimately succeed to the English throne."] ['A scout for the St. Louis Cardinals comes to a small town in the Ozarks to assess pitcher Jerome Herman Dean . Dean, with an over-abundance of self-confidence, is certain that the club wants him to start immediately and is surprised that he is sent to the minor league Houston Buffaloes. Despite his obvious talents, Dean is teased about his rustic clothes and goes to a department store to buy new suits. He meets pretty credit officer Patricia Nash  and courts her with great vigor. At an exhibition between the Buffaloes and the Chicago White Sox, Dean is dismayed to see Pat with another man but pitches an almost perfect game. The White Sox players razz Dean, calling him "Dizzy," but he adopts the nickname, which is picked up by sports reporters. Dean asks Pat to elope, and although she is stunned by his proposal, agrees to marry him. Dizzy, now his team’s star pitcher, is told to report to the Cardinals for spring training. Dean is delighted and becomes a colorful story for baseball reporters. The next spring his brother Paul  joins Dizzy in St. Louis, and the irrepressible Dean brothers promote the team by acting as ushers, selling tickets in the box office and even cavorting with the marching band. Their antics get them into trouble, however, and when they are fined by the team\'s manager, Frankie Frisch, Dizzy goes on strike. Pat urges him to stop being stubborn and Dizzy storms out of their apartment. He meets Johnny Kendall, a businessman who relies on crutches and a specially equipped car to get around. Johnny’s quiet acceptance of his handicap humbles Dizzy and he ends his strike. The Dean brothers lead the Cardinals to victory in the World Series. Dizzy soon suffers an injury when a line drive breaks one of his toes. He egotistically returns to pitching too soon, despite being warned that he is risking serious injury to his pitching arm. Dizzy\'s ability to pitch declines, and eventually even a minor league team lets him go. Dizzy refuses to accept that his baseball career is over and tries to forget his troubles by drinking and gambling. Unable to endure his self-destructive behavior, Pat leaves him, telling him she will not return until he "grows up." Dizzy is devastated and asks Johnny for a job as a salesman. Dizzy is instead given a job broadcasting baseball games on their radio station. Dizzy\'s thick Arkansas accent, often twisted English, and colorful stories make him an instant hit. An irate group of teachers oppose Dizzy, saying that his poor English is a bad influence on children. Dizzy is stung by the charge and decides to quit. During his final broadcast, Dean gives the children of St. Louis heartfelt instructions to pursue their education, then returns home, where Pat is waiting for him. The head of the teacher\'s group calls Dizzy to say that his last broadcast deeply moved the committee and tells him: "We\'ll keep teaching the children English and you keep on learning them baseball."'] ["In 1947, the singer Édith Piaf and the boxer Marcel Cerdan are both at the peak of their respective careers. Their encounter gives birth to a passionate love affair lasting some two years, cut short by Cerdan's death in an air crash."] ['Sophia Frederica  is the daughter of a minor German prince and an ambitious mother. She is brought to Russia by Count Alexei  at the behest of Empress Elizabeth  to marry her nephew, Grand Duke Peter . The overbearing Elizabeth renames her Catherine and reinforces the demand the new bride issue an heir to the throne. Unhappy in her marriage, Catherine finds solace with the womanizing Alexei, first and foremost a paramour of the much-older Elizabeth. Rebuffed at this discovery, she takes lovers among the Russian Army to court its favor. When the old Empress dies seventeen years into their marriage, Peter ascends to the Russian throne and takes steps against his wife. Soon Catherine plots and exercises a coup, beginning a reign as Empress that will leave her known to history as Catherine the Great.'] ['The story begins in Autumn of 1916, and follows an Irish immigrant named John Lawless  as he applies for a butler position with eccentric Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle . Even though the family is a bit strange, Lawless soon learns that he fits right in. Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him immediately. For the rest of the film, Lawless serves as the narrator/commentator. Mr. Biddle busies himself with his Biddle Boxing and Bible School  and with his alligators in the conservatory. He is also anxious to get America into the War in Europe , despite the government\'s policy of neutrality. His wife, Cordelia , stands quietly by, accepting his eccentricities with a sense of pride and class. Their two sons, Tony and Livingston  are headed off to boarding school, never to be seen in the film again. Their daughter, Cordy , is a tomboy with a mean right hook who was educated by private tutors and has had limited contact with conventional society. She\'s frustrated by her apparent inability to attract suitors and wants to see what\'s beyond the Biddle manor. Mr. Biddle reluctantly lets Cordy go to a boarding school as well (after some prodding from both Cordy and from his Aunt Mary , where her roommate teaches her how to lure men with feminine wiles, known as "Bye-Yum Pum Pum". At a social dance hosted by her aunt and uncle, Cordy meets Angier Buchanan Duke ([[John Davidson  and they fall in love. He tells Cordy that he is fascinated with the new automobile and wants to head to Detroit, Michigan to make his fortune there, instead of taking over his family\'s tobacco business. That winter, Cordy comes back to her parents\' home and tells them that she is engaged. At first, this is a difficult thing for Mr. Biddle to take. He does not want to give up his little girl. But, after meeting Angie and witnessing first-hand his Jiu Jitsu fighting skills, Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him and accepts the engagement. Then Cordy travels with Angie to New York City to meet his mother . Soon the Biddles and the Dukes are making arrangements for a very grand wedding. Constant condescending comments from Angie\'s mother are painful for Cordy. To make matters worse, their families\' elaborate planning for the "social event of the season" , makes both Cordy and Angie feel pushed aside. The tension reaches a climax when Cordy learns that Angie has abandoned his plans for Detroit, and is instead taking his place in the family business, following his mother\'s wishes. Cordy angrily calls the wedding off, thinking of Angie as a mama\'s boy, and Angie storms out of the house. Both families are instantly in a tremendous state of upheaval. Mr. Biddle sends John Lawless to look after Angie. John finds Angie at the local tavern, contemplating what he will do next. During a rousing song-and-dance sequence, John tries to convince Angie to go back to Cordy. However, Angie is stubborn and thinks of other ways to deal with his problems, among other things saying that he wants to join the Foreign Legion. Angie unwittingly starts a bar fight  and is hauled off to jail. The next morning, Mr. Biddle comes to bail Angie out. He tells Angie he has to forget about his own dreams and accept his place in the family business. His words have the desired effect, inspiring Angie to defy his mother and elope with Cordy and go to Detroit. Cordy, however, believes her father talked Angie into it, so to prove his sincerity, amid the cheering of the cell mates, Angie throws Cordy over his shoulder and carries her out of the jail house to start their new life together . After Mr. and Mrs. Biddle return home a delegation of Marines arrive to inform him he has been made a "provisional captain" in the Marine Corps; and is wanted immediately to go to Parris Island to help/continue training the recruits, now that America is finally entering the War. Mr. Biddle accepts with delight, and the hearty congratulations of his suddenly appearing Bible Boxing Class. Behind the final credits a car is seen driving toward a city skyline  dominated by factories spewing smoke to blacken the sky over the city.'] ['An introductory scene takes place in Paris in 1913, where Coco Chanel attends the first, scandalous performance of Igor Stravinsky’s The Rite of Spring. The rhythmic dissonance of the score and the surprising choreography of the piece result in heckling and outrage among much of the audience. But Chanel is impressed by Stravinsky and his music. Seven years later, Chanel and Stravinsky meet again. Although her business has flourished, Chanel is mourning the death of her lover, Arthur "Boy" Capel. Stravinsky has chosen to flee to France following the Russian Revolution. An immediate sympathy and attraction occurs between the ‘couturiere’ and the composer. Chanel invites Stravinsky to live in her villa outside Paris, along with his ailing wife and their children. The summer months that follow see Chanel and Stravinsky begin an affair, one which Stravinsky\'s wife can not avoid becoming aware of. Tensions between Stravinsky and his wife, and between Stravinsky\'s wife and Chanel, are unavoidable. The film implies that the affair, and the later termination of the affair by Chanel, has a major influence on the lives of both Chanel and Stravinsky. It is during this time that Chanel creates Chanel No. 5 with her perfumer, Ernest Beaux, and that Stravinsky begins to compose in a new, more liberated style. It is especially implied that the termination of the affair inspired some of the most moving passages in Stravinsky\'s new composition.'] ['Veronica Guerin  is a feisty crime reporter for the Sunday Independent. Suddenly aware of how much Dublin\'s illegal drug trade is encroaching upon the lives of its working class citizens, especially the children, she becomes determined to expose the men responsible for its spread. Guerin begins by interviewing the pre-pubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing estates. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor  , a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan . In order to steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch , a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues him with a vengeance, only to discover he is not involved. As Guerin\'s investigation deepens and she comes closer to the truth, she and her family become targets. When a bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her, she is shot in the leg and the life of her young son Cathal  is threatened. Her husband Graham , mother Bernie , and brother Jimmy  implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and he savagely beats her, she becomes more determined to expose him for who he is. Rather than press charges against him, which would necessitate her removal from the story, she forges ahead with her investigation. On 26 June 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous penalties for speeding that she has ignored. She is given a nominal fine of IR£100, but while en route home she calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at traffic lights on red on the Naas Dual Carriageway when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and then shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and the gun in a nearby river. Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates and the country at large. Her violent death results in the establishment of the Criminal Assets Bureau and Gilligan together with several of his henchmen are tried and sentenced to lengthy gaol terms. In an epilogue, we learn that "Veronica Guerin\'s writing turned the tide in the drug war. Her murder galvanised Ireland into action. Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches, which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground. Within a week of her death, in an emergency session of the Parliament, the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons.'] ["Set in 1911 and the growing protest against British rule in Ireland, young John Cassidy is a labourer by day and a pamphleteer by night. When the pamphlets he has written incite riots, Cassidy realizes he can do more for his people with the pen than with the sword. He writes a new play, The Plough and the Stars, which he submits to the Abbey Theatre , and is surprised when W.B. Yeats, the founder of the Abbey, accepts and produces his new play. The opening of the play causes the audience to riot, and he loses many friends; but he is undeterred and is soon acclaimed as Ireland's outstanding young playwright."] ['The film opens during the recording of Morrison\'s An American Prayer and quickly moves to a childhood memory of his family driving along a desert highway. Young Jim sees an elderly native American dying by the roadside. The film picks up with Morrison\'s arrival in California and his assimilation into the Venice Beach culture, followed by his film school days studying at UCLA; his introduction to his girlfriend Pamela Courson, his first encounters with Ray Manzarek, and the origin of The Doors: Morrison, Manzarek, Robby Krieger, and John Densmore. Morrison convinces his bandmates to travel to Death Valley and experience the effects of psychedelic drugs. Returning to Los Angeles, they play several shows at the famous Whisky a Go Go club and develop a rabid fanbase. Morrison\'s onstage antics and occasionally improvised lyrics raise the ire of club owners; however, the band\'s popularity continues to expand. As The Doors become hugely successful, Morrison becomes increasingly infatuated with his own image as "The Lizard King" and degenerates into alcoholism and drug addiction. As he sinks deeper into an alcoholic haze he begins having several affairs, particularly mystical sexual encounters with Patricia Kennealy, a rock journalist involved in witchcraft. The rest of the band grows weary of Morrison\'s missed recording sessions and absences at concerts. Morrison is depicted arriving late to a Miami, Florida concert, becoming increasingly confrontational towards the audience and exposing himself onstage. The incident is a low point for the band, resulting in resentment from the other band members and Morrison\'s trial for indecent exposure. In 1971, Courson finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in Paris, France, at the age of 27. Pamela Courson similarly dies three years later of a drug overdose, also at the age of 27. The final scenes of the film before the credits roll are of Morrison\'s gravesite in Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris with A Feast of Friends, a spoken word by Morrison with music from the rest of the band playing in the background, plays in the background. Just before the credits, the screen whites out and text appears saying "Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure. He was 27. Pam joined him three years later." During the credits, the band is shown recording the song "L.A. Woman" in the studio.'] [' In 1968, an audience of inmates at Folsom State Prison cheer for Johnny Cash\'s band as he waits backstage near a table saw, reminding him of his early life. In 1944, Johnny, then known as J.R., grows up the son of a share cropper on a cotton farm in Dyess, Arkansas, and is adept with hymnals, while his brother Jack is training himself to become a pastor. While Jack is sawing wood for a neighbor, J.R. goes fishing while he finishes. However, Jack injures himself with the saw, and dies of his injuries. Cash\'s strained relationship with his father Ray, becomes much more difficult after Jack\'s death. In 1950, J.R. enlists in the United States Air Force as Johnny Cash, and is posted in West Germany. One day in 1952, he finds solace in playing a guitar he bought and writing songs—one of which will become "Folsom Prison Blues". Cash is eventually discharged, and marries his girlfriend Vivian Liberto. The couple move to Memphis, Tennessee, where Cash works as a door-to-door salesman to support his growing family. He walks past a recording studio, which inspires him to organize a band to play gospel music. Cash\'s band auditions for Sam Phillips, the owner of Sun Records. Phillips interrupts the audition and asks Cash to play a song that he really "feels", prompting them to play "Folsom Prison Blues". The band is contracted by Sun Records. The band begins touring as Johnny Cash and the Tennessee Two. He meets many different artists on tour, including June Carter, with whom Cash soon falls in love. Cash begins spending more time with June, who divorces her first husband, Carl Smith. After an attempt by Cash to woo June backfires, he begins to take drugs and alcohol. After his behavior peaks during a performance with June, they go their separate ways. Over Vivian\'s objections, Johnny persuades June to come out of semi-retirement at an awards show and tour with him. The tour is a success, but backstage, Vivian is critical of June\'s influence. After one Las Vegas performance, Cash and June sleep together in her hotel room. The next morning, she notices Cash taking several pills and begins to doubt her choices. At that evening\'s concert, Cash, upset by Carter\'s apparent rejection, behaves erratically and eventually passes out. June disposes of Cash\'s drugs and begins to write "Ring of Fire", describing her feelings for Cash and her pain at watching him descend into addiction. On his way home, Cash travels to Mexico to purchase more drugs and is arrested. Cash\'s marriage to Vivian begins to crumble and after a final violent dispute, the pair eventually divorce and Cash moves to Nashville in 1966. In an attempt to reconcile with June, Cash buys a large house near a lake in Hendersonville. His parents, and the extended Carter family, arrive for Thanksgiving, at which time Ray dismisses his son\'s achievements and behavior. After eating, June\'s mother—aware of her daughter\'s true feelings toward Cash—encourages her to help him. After a long detoxification period, Cash wakes up with June by his side. June says she, and God, have given Cash a second chance. Although not formally a couple, the two begin to spend most of their time with each other. Cash discovers that most of his fan mail comes from prisoners, impressed with the outlaw image that Cash has cultivated. Cash visits his recording company he signed with in 1958, Columbia Records, and proposes that he record an album live inside Folsom Prison. Despite Columbia\'s doubts, Cash says that he will perform regardless and the label can use the tapes if they wish. At the Folsom Prison concert, Cash tells how he always admired prisoners, explaining that his arrest for drug possession helped him to relate to them. The concert is a great success, and Cash embarks on a tour with June and his band. While on a tour bus, Cash goes to see June in the back of the bus. Waking up June, he proposes to her, but she turns him down. At the next concert, June tells him that he is only allowed to speak with her on stage. There, Cash persuades June to join him in a duet. In the middle of the song, Cash stops playing, explaining that he cannot sing anymore unless June agrees to marry him. June eventually accepts and they share a passionate embrace on stage. The two marry and eventually raise their kids together and spend time with their families.'] ['Lymon was thirteen years old when the teenage group Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers erupted from radios and jukeboxes with their 1956 hit, "Why Do Fools Fall in Love?" and appeared in the movie Rock, Rock, Rock . After Mr. Rock and Roll , Lymon started a solo singing career, but it all fell apart. Lymon\'s career was over by the time he was eighteen years old, and he died of a heroin overdose seven years later. Jumping from the 1950s to the 1980s, the film traces the rise and fall of Lymon  in a series of flashbacks as courtroom claims on Lymon\'s royalties are outlined by three women: Zola Taylor  of the Platters R&B group; Elizabeth Waters , who loves her pet dog . She became a prostitute to cover the costs of Lymon\'s recovery from addiction; and schoolteacher Emira Eagle . Little Richard also makes a courtroom appearance, while Miguel A. Nunez Jr. portrays Little Richard in scenes set in the 1950s. The film ends with Emira winning Frankie\'s estate, although Elizabeth was named the legal surviving spouse of Frankie Lymon.'] ["Barbara Gordon appears to have it all, including a successful career in a male-dominated industry and a solid relationship with her live-in lover, attorney Derek Bauer. Beneath her facade is a high-strung personality who heavily relies on sedatives to reduce tension and anxiety and maintain a composed exterior for her friends and associates. Her current project focuses on cancer patient Jean Scott Martin and her husband Ben and how the couple is coping as the disease progresses. Despite reserverations expressed by her collaborators, Barbara is determined to end the film on a positive note, showing the Martins embracing on the beach. When she shows them a rough cut, fatalistic Jean is angered by the false optimism and vehemently voices her objections to Barbara's choices. The response triggers a deep depression in Barbara, who relies on Doctor Kalman, her therapist of many years, and an increased dosage of Valium to see her through the crisis. She finally reaches a turning point when she realizes Kalman's treatment has been ineffective and admits her dependence on drugs is controlling her life. Her effort to quit cold turkey results in a rapid physical, mental, and emotional deterioration fueled by Derek's refusal to let her seek medical help and his alcohol-driven determination to control her completely. Following a series of physical fights, he imprisons her - bruised, bloodied, and broken - by tying her to a chair. She manages to convince him they had dinner plans with friends Karen and Sam Mulligan, and when he calls them to cancel, her screams for help alert them to her situation. Barbara is institutionalized and begins a long and arduous journey towards recovery with the help of Julie Addison. During this period, she is visited by Jean, who confesses she may have overreacted to Barbara's film and feels a sense of guilt over her breakdown. Her encouragement inspires Barbara to get well and complete the project. Jean suggests she end the film with an image of Barbara herself walking on the beach, and she complies with her wishes. Jean dies before seeing the completed work, but a newly confident Barbara is certain she would have approved of it."] ["The middle-aged Marquis de Sade  arrives at his ancestral estate of La Coste, having escaped incarceration. In the theater at the castle, he meets his uncle, the Abbe , who persuades him to stay to watch an entertainment that has been prepared for him. The play is a parody of the Marquis' parents haggling with M. and Mme. Montreuil over the prospective marriage of their children, leading to a flashback in time to the actual negotiations. The young Marquis  flees the proposed marriage to Mlle. Renee de Montreiul , but returns and marries her under threat of imprisonment. Louis would prefer Renee’s younger sister Anne , finding Renee to be very frightened and cold to his charms. At an orgy with several young prostitutes, Louis begins to get very rough in his play and explains some of his philosophy to the women, leading to the first in a long series of imprisonments. Released into the custody of his mother-in-law Mme. de Montreuil , Louis finds himself a prisoner in his own home. When Anne is sent away to a convent school, Louis begins liaisons first with his mother-in-law's protégé, Mlle. Collette, and then with an actress, La Beauvoisin, for whom he builds a theater at La Coste. The first play performed is for the benefit of the Abbe, who is chagrined to see that the performance is about his own misuse of the young boy Louis. In a flashback, the actual event is played out, the Marquis's later deeds and philosophy thus being given a cod-Freudian origin. Louis proceeds through a series of flashbacks involving his father’s death, a mysterious and recurring old man, and the baptism day of one of Louis' own children, culminating in the scandal of Rose Keller, a widow whom he ties up and flagellates with a sword. Mme. de Montreuil is forced to pay Rose for her silence, and to send Louis back into exile at La Coste. Louis continues to pursue Anne, and after an elaborate orgy where he is whipped into unconsciousness, he flees to Italy with the young woman. Returned to prison, Louis is tormented with visions of Mme. de Montreuil disowning Anne and his uncle the Abbe seducing her. Mme. de Montreuil visits him in prison, and tearfully tells him he has ruined her family and that he will remain imprisoned forever. Back on the stage, a mock trial is held where the Marquis is accused of murdering Anne. The mysterious old man is present at the proceedings, and Anne herself appears to accuse Louis of her murder. Louis ruefully remembers Anne's death in Italy from the plague. An older Louis talks with Renee about their misfortunes and regrets, telling her he can find no meaning in life. At another drunken and destructive debauchery, Louis begins to see visions of Renee in the midst of his revel. The old man lies on his death bed in prison, crying out for Renee's forgiveness. It is revealed that the old man is the Marquis himself, following the young Marquis through his memories as he seeks his one moment of reality. Deciding to look one last time, the old man closes his eyes as the scene cuts back the middle-aged Marquis arriving at La Coste."] ['In 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American Jake LaMotta  practices a comedy routine. A flashback to 1941 shows his first loss in a major boxing match, against Jimmy Reeves. Jake\'s brother Joey LaMotta  later discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts . Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie  at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married. Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson once in 1943 and has another win three weeks later. Despite the fact that Jake dominated Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels he won only because he was enlisting into the US Army the following week. Jake is married to Vickie by 1947. As Jake\'s fears grow about Vickie having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he shows off his sexual jealousy when he defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como  and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which he has control over, he will have to take a dive first. In a match against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. Despite the suspension, he eventually wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan in 1949. A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and decides to leave. Jake directly asks Vickie about the affair and she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood  after he breaks down the bathroom door where she briefly hides from him. Jake angrily walks to Joey\'s house and brutally beats him up in front of Vickie and Joey\'s wife and children. After defending his championship belt in a brutal fifteen round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950,http://www.filmsite.org/ragi3.html he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up. Estranged from Joey, Jake\'s career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.http://www.tcm.com/thismonth/article/?cidmrqe By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami. After staying out all night at his new nightclub there, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce . He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls  to men and serves a jail sentence in 1957 after failing to raise enough bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 movie On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. After a stage hand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I\'m the boss" while shadowboxing. The film ends with a Biblical quote. This quote was a reference to Martin Scorsese\'s film professor, Haig Manoogian to whom the film is dedicated as he died just before it was released. Scorsese credits Manoogian with helping him "to see". :"So, for the second time, [the Pharisees] :summoned the man who had been blind and said: :\'Speak the truth before God. :We know this fellow is a sinner.\' :\'Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know.\' :the man replied. :\'All I know is this: :once I was blind and now I can see.\' :::John IX. 24-26 :::the New English Bible"'] ['The film opens in Kansas with the discovery of the dead bodies of four of the members of the Clutter family by a family friend. While reading The New York Times, Truman Capote is riveted by the story of the Clutters and calls The New Yorker editor William Shawn to tell him that he plans to document the tragedy. He travels to Kansas with his childhood friend Harper Lee, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird. Capote sets about interviewing those involved with the victims, the Clutter family, with Lee as his go-between and facilitator. Capote is initially brushed off by the Kansas Bureau of Investigation\'s lead detective on the case, Alvin Dewey. Dewey\'s wife, however, is a fan of Capote\'s writing and persuades him to invite Capote and Lee to their house for dinner. She is starstruck by Capote\'s stories of being on movie sets with film stars. Dewey warms up to Capote, and eventually allows him to view the photographs of the victims. The Deweys, Lee, and Capote are having dinner when the suspects are caught. Flattery, bribery and a keen insight into the human condition, facilitates Capote\'s visits to the prison where the suspects ([[Perry Smith  are being held. Capote begins to form an attachment to Perry. Following their trial and conviction, Capote is able to gain access to the murderers by bribing the warden. Capote spends the following years regularly visiting Perry and learning about his life, excepting a year-long stint when Capote abandons Perry and writes the "first three parts" of the book with Jack Dunphy in Morocco and Spain. The story of Perry\'s life, his upset and remorseful manner, and his emotional sincerity impress Capote. The writer becomes emotionally attached to Perry and feels sympathy for him despite his involvement in the murders. Perry refuses to tell Capote what happened on the night of the murders, which greatly angers the writer. Eventually, Perry tells him in great detail. The story becomes a meditation upon the need for redemption even in very grave circumstances. The last appeal is rejected, and Perry and Dick are hanged, Perry\'s hanging being explicitly shown. Truman talks to Harper Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he could not have done anything to stop it. She replies, "Maybe not; the fact is you didn\'t want to." This is the last line of the film. The next and last scene shows Truman looking at photos and some of the writings and drawings that Perry gave him.'] ['Quills begins during the Reign of Terror, with the incarcerated Marquis de Sade penning a story about the libidinous Mademoiselle Renard, an aristocrat who meets the preeminent sadist in her executioner. Several years later, the Marquis is confined to the asylum at Charenton, overseen by the enlightened Abbé du Coulmier. The Marquis has been publishing his work through laundress Madeleine "Maddy" LeClerc, who smuggles manuscripts through an anonymous horseman to a publisher. The Marquis\' latest work, Justine, is published on the black market to great success. Napoleon orders all copies of the book burned and the author shot, but his advisor, Delbené, tempers this contentious idea with one of his own: send traditionalist Dr. Royer-Collard to look in at Charenton and silence the Marquis. Meanwhile the Abbé teaches Madeleine to read and write and resists his growing attraction to her. Dr. Royer-Collard arrives, informing the Abbé that the Marquis\' "therapeutic writings" have been distributed for public consumption. Horrified, the Abbé rejects Royer-Collard\'s offers of several archaic "treatments" and asks to speak with the Marquis himself, who promptly swears obedience . Royer-Collard takes his leave for the time being and travels to the Panthemont Convent in Paris to retrieve his promised bride, the underage Simone. They are given a run-down chateau by the Emperor, with a handsome young architect, Prouix, on hand for its renovation. The hasty marriage incites much gossip at the asylum, prompting the Marquis to write a farce to be performed at a public exhibition. The audacious play, titled "The Crimes of Love", is interrupted when the inmate Bouchon (British character actor molests Madeleine off-stage, prompting her to hit him in the face with an iron. Royer-Collard shuts down the public theater and demands that the Abbé do more to control the Marquis. Infuriated, the Abbé confiscates the Marquis\' quills and ink, prompting more subversive behavior, including a story written in wine on bedsheets and in blood on clothing. This results in further deprivation, eventually leaving the Marquis naked in an empty cell. One of the maids reveals that Madeleine has been helping the Marquis. Madeleine is whipped on the order of Dr. Royer-Collard until the Abbé stops him by offering himself instead and declaring that she will be sent away. That night she visits his chamber to beg him to reconsider sending her away and confesses her love for him in the process, prompting him to kiss her passionately. He abruptly breaks away at the realization of what he is doing. Madeleine is angry with him the next day and the Abbé is shown as sexually frustrated. While this is occurring at the asylum, Simone has been violently introduced to the adult world by her husband. She unrepentantly purchases a copy of the Marquis de Sade\'s Justine, seduces Prioux, and the young lovers run off together. She leaves behind a letter explaining her actions and her copy of Justine. Upon finding this, Dr. Royer-Collard seizes on the Marquis as the source of his troubles and embarks upon a quest for revenge. About to be sent away from Charenton for her role in assisting the Marquis, Madeleine begs a last story from him, which is to be relayed to her through the asylum patients. Bouchon, the inmate at the end of the relay, is excited by the story, breaks out of his cell, and kills Madeleine. The asylum is set afire by the pyromaniac Dauphin and the inmates break out of their cells. Madeleine\'s body is found by her blind mother and the Abbé in the laundry vat. The Abbé is completely devastated by Madeleine\'s death and Bouchon is captured and imprisoned inside an iron dummy. The Abbé blames the Marquis for Madeleine\'s death and prods him into a fury. The Marquis claims he had been with Madeleine in every way imaginable, only to be told she had died a virgin. The Abbé cuts out the Marquis\' tongue as punishment for his involvement. In a later scene, the Abbé has sex with the corpse of Madeline in a dream. The Marquis\' health declines severely, though perverse as ever, he decorates his oubliette with a story, using feces as ink. As the Abbé finishes reading the last rites, he offers the Marquis a crucifix to kiss, which he swallows and chokes on, thus committing suicide. A year later, the new Abbé du Maupas arrives at Charenton and is given the grand tour. The asylum has been converted into a print shop, with the inmates as its staff. The books being printed are the works of the Marquis de Sade. At the end of the tour, the new Abbé meets his predecessor, who resides in the Marquis\' old cell. Yearning to write, he begs paper and a quill from the Abbé, who is herded off by Royer-Collard, now overseer of the asylum. However, the peephole opens, and Madeleine\'s mother thrusts paper, quill, and ink through. The Abbé begins to scribble furiously, with the Marquis providing the narration.{{cite web}}'] ['As soon as Joe gets out of jail, he returns to New York and begins building his crime organization with the help of Harlem associates. He goes too far, however, and before long Joe himself becomes a target of both cops and crooks.'] [':See the article Amadeus about the stage play that the film is based on for some notes on the historical accuracy of the script. The story begins in 1823 as the elderly Antonio Salieri  attempts suicide by slitting his throat while loudly begging forgiveness for having killed Mozart  in 1791. Placed in a lunatic asylum for the act, Salieri is visited by Father Vogler ([[Richard Frank , a young priest who seeks to take his confession. Salieri is sullen and uninterested but eventually warms to the priest and launches into a long "confession" about his relationship with Mozart. Salieri\'s tale goes on through the night and into the next day. He reminisces about his youth, particularly about his devotion to God and his love for music and how he pledges to God to remain celibate as a sacrifice if he can somehow devote his life to music. He describes how his father\'s plans for him were to go into commerce, but suggests that the sudden death of his father, who choked to death during a meal, was "a miracle" that allowed him to pursue a career in music. In his narrative, he is suddenly an adult joining the 18th century cultural elite in Vienna, the "city of musicians." Salieri begins his career as a devout, God-fearing man who believes his success and talent as a composer are God’s rewards for his piety. He is content as the court composer for Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II . Mozart arrives in Vienna with his patron, Count Hieronymus von Colloredo , the Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg. Salieri secretly observes Mozart at the Archbishop\'s palace, but they are not properly introduced. Salieri sees that offstage, Mozart is irreverent and lewd. He also first recognizes the immense talent displayed in the adult works of Mozart. In 1781, when Mozart meets the Emperor, Salieri presents Mozart with a "March of Welcome," which he toiled to create. After hearing the march only once, Mozart plays it from memory, critiques it, and effortlessly improvises a variation, transforming Salieri\'s "trifle" into the "Non più andrai" march from his 1786 opera The Marriage of Figaro. Salieri reels at the notion of God speaking through the childish, petulant Mozart: nevertheless, he regards his music as miraculous. Gradually, Salieri’s faith is shaken. He believes that God, through Mozart\'s genius, is cruelly laughing at Salieri\'s own musical mediocrity. Salieri\'s struggles with God are intercut with scenes showing Mozart\'s own trials and tribulations with life in Vienna: pride at the initial reception of his music, anger and disbelief over his subsequent treatment by the Italians of the Emperor\'s court, happiness with his wife Constanze ([[Elizabeth Berridge  and his son Karl, and grief at the death of his father Leopold . Mozart becomes more desperate as the family\'s expenses increase and his commissions decrease. When Salieri learns of Mozart\'s financial straits, he sees his chance to avenge himself, using "God\'s Beloved"  as the instrument. Salieri hatches a complex plot to gain ultimate victory over Mozart and God. He disguises himself in a mask and costume similar to one he saw Leopold wear at a party, and commissions Mozart to write a requiem mass, giving him a down payment and the promise of an enormous sum upon completion. Mozart begins to write the piece, the Requiem Mass in D minor, unaware of the true identity of his mysterious patron and oblivious of his murderous intentions. Glossing over any details of how he might commit the murder, Salieri dwells on the anticipation of the admiration of his peers and the court, when they applaud the magnificent Requiem, and he claims to be the music\'s composer. Only Salieri and God would know the truth—that Mozart wrote his own requiem mass, and that God could only watch while Salieri finally receives the fame and renown that he deserves. Mozart\'s financial situation worsens and the composing demands of the Requiem and The Magic Flute drive him to the point of exhaustion as he alternates work between the two pieces. Constanze leaves him and takes their son with her. His health worsens, and he collapses during the premiere performance of The Magic Flute. Salieri takes the stricken Mozart home and convinces him to work on the Requiem. Mozart dictates while Salieri transcribes throughout the night. When Constanze returns in the morning, she tells Salieri to leave. Constanze locks the manuscript away despite Salieri\'s objections, but as she goes to wake her husband, she finds that Mozart is dead. The Requiem is left unfinished, and Salieri is left powerless as Mozart\'s body is hauled out of Vienna for burial in a pauper\'s mass grave. The film ends as Salieri finishes recounting his story to the visibly shaken young priest. Salieri concludes that God killed Mozart rather than allow Salieri to share in even an ounce of his glory, and that he is consigned to be the "patron saint of mediocrity." Salieri absolves the priest of his own mediocrity and blesses his fellow patients as he is taken away in his wheelchair. The last sound heard before the credits roll is Mozart\'s high-pitched laughter, implied to be God laughing at Salieri.'] ['The play and subsequent film is based on Anthony Blunt\'s role in the Cambridge Spy Ring and, as Surveyor of the Queen\'s Pictures, personal art advisor to Queen Elizabeth II. It portrays his interrogation by MI5 officers, his work researching and conserving art works, his work at the Courtauld Institute, and his acquaintance with the Queen. Bennett described the piece as an "inquiry in which the circumstances are imaginary but the pictures are real."'] ['Edie Sedgwick  is a young heiress studying art in Cambridge, Massachusetts. She moves to New York City, where she is introduced to Pop Art painter and film-maker Andy Warhol . Intrigued by the beautiful socialite, he asks her to perform in one of his underground movies. Soon she is spending time with him at The Factory, his studio and also the hangout of a group of eccentrics, some of them drug addicts. Her status as Warhol Superstar and success as a fashion model gain her popularity and international attention. Her Cambridge friend Sid introduces her to poet and singer Billy Quinn , a character based on Bob Dylan. Andy becomes jealous, so Edie tries but fails to keep her love affair with Billy a secret. To reconcile them, she arranges a meeting. Although he agrees to be filmed by Andy, when Billy visits the studio he shows his contempt. As he is leaving, she tries once more to make peace, but Billy calls Andy a "bloodsucker" who will "kill" her. Seeing that she will stay, he kisses her forehead. As addiction takes its toll, Edie\'s relationship with Andy deteriorates. One night while in a drug-induced stupor, she falls asleep while smoking a cigarette and nearly dies in the ensuing fire. Vogue refuses to hire her; editor Diana Vreeland  explaining that Edie is considered "vulgar". Interrupting a luncheon of Andy and his friends, she demands to be paid and accuses him of ruining her. When Sid sees her again, she has become a prostitute. In a taxi, he shows Edie, who is very depressed, a photo of herself when they were art students. He says that he fell in love with her then, and tells her that she can still be an artist. She says that she cannot bear her loneliness but interrupts him, asking the driver, "Can we go?" When the driver says that they are stuck in a traffic jam, she leaves the cab and runs frantically down the street. The scene changes to a hospital, years in the future. She tells an interviewer that she is overcoming her addiction and is glad to be home in Santa Barbara. The closing caption explain the last few years, her struggle to control drug abuse and her marriage to another patient, which ended in less than four months when she died of an overdose.'] ['In 1952, Ed Wood is struggling to join the film industry. Upon hearing of an announcement in Variety that producer George Weiss is trying to purchase Christine Jorgensen\'s life story, Ed is inspired to meet Weiss in person. Weiss explains that Varietys announcement was a news leak, and it is impossible to purchase Jorgensen\'s rights. The producer decides to \'fictionalize\' the film titled I Changed My Sex!, and "do it without the shemale". One day, Ed meets his longtime idol Béla Lugosi, after spotting him trying out a casket. Ed drives Béla home and the two become friends. Later, Ed decides to star Béla in the film and convinces Weiss that he is perfect to direct I Changed My Sex! because he is a transvestite. Ed and Weiss argue over the film\'s title: Weiss has already had the poster printed, which Ed changes to Glen or Glenda. The shoot finishes on Glen or Glenda, and Ed is enthusiastic that he starred, directed, wrote and produced his own film just like his hero Orson Welles did when he made Citizen Kane. Glen or Glenda is released to critical and financial failure. Ed is unsuccessful in getting a job at Warner Bros., a producer there tells him Glen or Glenda is the worst film he has ever seen, but Ed\'s girlfriend, Dolores Fuller, tells him that he is not "studio material", and that he should find independent backers for his next film, Bride of the Monster. Ed is unsuccessful in finding money for Bride of the Monster, but is introduced to the psychic The Amazing Criswell. At a bar, Ed meets Loretta King, who he thinks has enough money to fund Bride of the Monster. Filming begins, but is halted. Ed convinces meat packing industry tycoon Don McCoy to take over funding the film. McCoy does so, but on the condition that the film ends with a giant nuclear explosion, and that his son Tony, who "is a little slow", is the leading man. The filming of Bride of the Monster finishes, but Dolores and Ed break up after the wrap party, because of Ed\'s circle of friends and transvestism. Also, Béla, who is revealed to be highly depressed and a morphine addict, attempts to conduct a double suicide with Ed, but is talked out of it. Béla checks himself into rehab, and Ed finds love when he meets Kathy O\'Hara, who is visiting her father at the same hospital. Ed takes her on a date and reveals to her his transvestism, which she accepts. Ed begins to shoot a film with Béla outside his home. When Ed and company attend the premiere for Bride of the Monster, an angry mob chases them out of the theater. Sometime later, Béla dies leaving Ed without a star. Ed convinces a church leader named Reynolds that funding Ed\'s script for "Grave Robbers from Outer Space" would result in a box office success, and generate enough money for Reynolds\' dream project . Dr. Tom Mason, Kathy\'s chiropractor, is chosen to be Béla\'s stand-in. However, Ed and the Baptists begin having conflicts over the title and content of the script which they want to have changed to Plan 9 from Outer Space along with Ed\'s B movie directing style, his casting decisions and his transvestism. This causes a distressed Ed to leave the set and immediately take a taxi to the nearest bar, where he encounters his idol Orson Welles. Welles tells Ed that "visions are worth fighting for", and filming for Plan 9 finishes with Ed taking action against his producers. The film ends with the premiere of Plan 9, and Ed and Kathy taking off to Las Vegas, Nevada to get married.'] ['In 1929, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini  is still faced with the 20-year long war waged by patriots in Libya to combat Italian colonization and the establishment of "The Fourth Shore"—the rebirth of a Roman Empire in Africa. Mussolini appoints General Rodolfo Graziani  as his sixth governor to Libya, confident that the eminently accredited soldier can crush the rebellion and restore the dissipated glories of Imperial Rome. Omar Mukhtar  leads the resistance to the fascists. A teacher by profession, guerrilla by obligation, Mukhtar had committed himself to a war that cannot be won in his own lifetime. Graziani controls Libya with the might of the Italian Army. Tanks and aircraft are used in the desert for the first time. The Italians also committed atrocities: killing of prisoners of war, destruction of crops, and hamletting populations behind barbed wire. Despite their bravery, the Libyan Arabs and Berbers suffered heavy losses, their relatively primitive weaponry was no match for mechanised warfare; despite all this, they continued to fight, and managed to keep the Italians from achieving complete victory for 20 years. Graziani was only able to achieve victory through deceit, deception, violation of the laws of war and human rights, and by the use of tanks and aircraft. Despite their lack of modern weaponry, Graziani recognised the skill of his adversary in waging guerrilla warfare. In one scene, Mukhtar refuses to kill a defenseless young officer, instead giving him the Italian flag to return with. Mukhtar says that Islam forbids him to kill captured soldiers and demands that he only fight for his homeland, and that Muslims are taught to hate war itself. In the end, Mukhtar is captured and tried as a rebel. His lawyer states that since Mukhtar had never accepted Italian rule, he cannot be tried as a rebel, and instead must be treated as a prisoner of war . The judge rejects this, and the film ends with Mukthar being executed by hanging.'] ['Soe Hok Gie grew up in a lower-middle class Chinese Indonesian family in Jakarta. In his early teens, young Gie had developed a fascination in concepts and idealisms advocated by world class intellectuals. Combined with a fighter\'s passion, faithfulness to friends, and a heart filled with genuine care for others and for his country, young Gie grew to become intolerant with injustice, and dreamt of an Indonesia that is truly founded on justice, equality, and righteousness. This passion was frequently misunderstood by others. Even Soe\'s best friends, Tan Tjin Han and Herman Lantang posed the question "What is all this fighting for?" which Soe would calmly respond with his awareness that freedom has a price tag that must be paid. Soe\'s motto, as written on the movie poster, is translated as "It is better to be singled out than to surrender to hypocrisy". Soe\'s teen and college years was spent under the regime of Indonesia\'s founding father Sukarno, which was characterised with conflict between the military and the Indonesian Communist Party. Soe and his friends insisted that they were politically neutral; and as much as Soe has respect for Sukarno as Indonesia\'s founding father, Soe detested Sukarno\'s dictatorship which caused the poor and the oppressed to suffer. Soe was well aware of the social inequality, power abuse, and corruption under the government of Sukarno, and courageously spoke out against it in discussion groups, student unions, and wrote sharp criticisms in the media. Soe also abhorred the fact that too many students appeared to others as advocates of positive change, who in fact were just taking advantage of the political situation to make personal gain. This attracted much sympathy as well as opposition. Many interest groups sought Soe to support their campaigns, while many enemies of Soe jump at any opportunity to intimidate him. Tan, Soe\'s childhood friend, had always deeply admired Soe\'s prudence and courage but lacked that fighter\'s spirit himself. In their twenties, the boys were reunited again for a short time. Soe finds out that Tan had become seduced and deeply involved with the PKI but was ignorant as to what this implied or what consequences awaited. Soe urges Tan to relinquish his ties with the PKI and hide out, but Tan did not listen. Soe and his friends spend their leisure time hiking and enjoy nature with the Nature-Loving Students of the University of Indonesia . Other things they enjoyed doing included watching and analysing movies, attending traditional Indonesian performing arts, and hanging out at parties.'] ['In 1987, Doris Duke, considered the wealthiest woman in the world, hires Bernard Lafferty, who lists Elizabeth Taylor and Peggy Lee as former employers on his résumé, as her majordomo. He explains a six-month gap in his employment history was due to "health issues," a euphemism for time spent in rehab to deal with his addiction to alcohol. He assures Doris, who immediately suspects the truth, he is capable of performing his duties without any problems. As Bernard moves in, the viewer can quickly tell he is a little neurotic, first putting portraits of his former employers, Taylor and Lee, in his bedroom, then informing the rest of the staff he is now "Miss Duke\'s eyes and ears" and demanding they listen to him. Despite Bernard\'s growing affection for Doris, the brash and often crude Doris thinks little of him, not even remembering how to correctly pronounce his name. However, their situation slowly evolves into a more emotionally intimate but non-physical relationship as Doris returns from a plastic surgery center one evening, drunk and on painkillers, and is aided by Bernard who stays with her through the night. Doris teaches Bernard about horticulture, especially the care of orchids, and he takes control of the operation of her various households during her frequent long absences. Bernard himself enjoys tending the home and making sure things are in their correct order. The first time his sexuality is questioned is when he peers at Doris\'s much younger lover playing the piano in his underwear. In the greenhouse, Doris flirts with him, telling him belly dancing is a form of seduction and then performing a dance for him. Bernard tentatively informs her that he "swings in the other direction." Doris encourages him to tone down his severe dress and wear brighter colors. Doris begins to take Bernard with her on her world tours and convinces him to pierce his ear. During this time, they grow closer, and Doris begins to favor him among everyone else. Also, whenever Doris is mentioned in newspapers, we see Bernard cutting them out of the newspapers and keeping them for himself. Doris begins to spend more time with Bernard, and at one point attempts to seduce him. When Bernard backs away, Doris questions him: "I don\'t get it. You don\'t fuck me, you don\'t steal from me. So what do you want from me?", to which Bernard answers, "I want to take care of you, Miss Duke." As the two become closer and Bernard becomes more relaxed, he begins to drink again, initially with discretion but eventually to an extent that it begins to hinder his performance. Rather than dismiss him, as she always has done with employees who displeased her in the past, Doris has him committed for more rehab at her expense despite his having consumed large amounts of her expensive, vintage wines. Doris suffers a stroke, and Bernard returns to take full control of her life. In order to humor her—and to indulge his own proclivities—Bernard wears her makeup, jewelry, and haute couture and begins to affect a more feminine demeanor. One evening, Doris tells Bernard what she wants him to do after she dies, and a tearful Bernard promises he will perform her requests. Doris\'s smile fades and she tells him, "I must really be crazy to believe a fucker like you," suggesting that she still resents him for stealing from her. Meanwhile, Bernard tries to keep attorney and economic advisor Waldo Taft away from Doris, hanging up on him whenever he calls. Taft dislikes and distrusts Lafferty enough to have offered him $500,000 to leave his position in the past. Taft calls the police to Doris\'s estate, but Doris tells the police officer that Bernard is only "peacefully devoted above and beyond the call of duty," prompting the officer to leave and blame Taft for being jealous. However, Taft encourages Doris to hire a live-in nurse. Although Doris\'s faith and trust in Bernard cannot be shaken, she agrees to hire a nurse, which Bernard is very unhappy about. Eventually, he convinces her to not hire a nurse, instead taking care of her himself and only occasionally inviting a doctor to give her checkups. A while later, Bernard gives a very sick Doris her medicine and injection before putting her to bed, and she dies that night. Before her death, however, she appoints him executor of her massive estate. In his first meeting with her board of directors following Doris\'s cremation, a now obviously effete Bernard appears confident and in control, dressed in a style and acting in a manner that is peculiarly similar to Doris\'s at the beginning of the film. As he waters the orchids in her garden, we are told that there were accusations against him saying that he murdered Doris, but no evidence was found. We are also told, he died from complications related to his alcoholism three years later.'] ["With Napoleon defeated and exiled, the reluctant Duke of Wellington  is persuaded by Lord Castelreagh  to represent Great Britain's interests at the Congress of Vienna, where the victorious allies will decide the future of Europe. While there, his friend the Duchess of Richmond  introduces the married man to the pretty Lady Frances Webster , an ardent admirer, at a ball. During the course of the evening, however, Wellington receives an urgent message: Napoleon has escaped and has landed in France. French King Louis XVIII and his niece and most trusted adviser, Madame, the Duchess d'Angoulême , are not alarmed in the least. Ney , formerly one of Napoleon's marshals, volunteers to take 4000 picked men and capture his former leader. However, he switches sides. With France once again under Napoleon's control, both sides race to reassemble their armies. Napoleon routs the Prussians under Marshal Blücher  before coming to grips with his old nemesis Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo. At the crucial point of the battle, Blücher's timely arrival turns the tide, and Napoleon is defeated for the final time. The allies occupy France and gather in Paris to divide the spoils. Once again, Castelreagh sends Wellington to try to restrain the others from punishing France too severely, in order to ensure a lasting peace. Wellington's task is made more difficult by the opposition of Madame, who is certain he wants to rule France himself. Wellington warns Louis that Madame's desire to have the still popular Ney executed for treason would risk another revolution. Madame arranges for Wellington's recall to London, to answer a newspaper story that he is carrying on an affair with Lady Frances. Wellington soon disproves the claim, but while he is gone, Ney is convicted and shot by firing squad. The French people are outraged. Upon his return, Wellington forces the King to dismiss his advisers, including Madame. Back in London, Wellington has to defend his decision to accept no reparations for his country."] ["Sheriff Pat Garrett ([[Thomas Mitchell  welcomes his old friend Doc Holliday  to Lincoln, New Mexico. Doc is looking for his stolen horse and finds it in the possession of Billy the Kid . Despite this, the two gunfighter take a liking to each other, much to Pat's disgust. This does not prevent Doc from trying to steal the horse back late that night, but Billy is waiting for him outside the barn. Billy decides to sleep in the barn, and is shot at. He overpowers his ambusher, who turns out to be curvaceous young Rio McDonald , out to avenge her dead brother. The next day, a stranger offers to shoot Pat in the back while Billy distracts the lawman. However, he is only setting the Kid up. Billy, suspicious as always, guns him down just before getting shot himself. There are no witnesses, and Pat tries to arrest Billy. Pat does not understand when Doc sides with the Kid. As the pair start to leave, Pat shoots Billy, forcing Doc to shoot the gun out of his hand and kill two of Pat's men. Doc takes Billy to the home of Rio and her aunt, Guadulupe . With a posse out searching, Doc rides away. Instead of killing the unconscious Kid, Rio instead nurses him back to health, a process that takes a month. By the time Doc returns, Rio has fallen in love with her patient. Doc is furious that Billy has stolen something else from him. After Doc's anger subsides a bit, the Kid gives him a choice: the horse or Rio. To Billy's annoyance, Doc picks the horse. Angered that both men value the animal more than her, Rio fills their canteens with sand. The two ride off without noticing. On the trail, they find themselves being pursued by Pat and a posse. The pair surmise that Rio tipped the sheriff off. Doc kills a few men from long range, but leaves Pat unharmed. When Doc wakes up one morning, he finds Billy gone and Pat waiting to handcuff him and take him back. Stopping at Rio's, the two men find that Billy has left tied her up in sight of water out of revenge. Suspecting that Billy loves Rio  and will return to free her, Pat waits. Sure enough, the Kid comes back and is also captured. On the way back to town, however, they find hostile Mescaleros all around. Pat reluctantly frees his prisoners and returns their revolvers after extracting a promise from Doc that he will give them back and make Billy do the same. They manage to elude the Indians, but Doc refuses to honor his word. As Doc tries to leave with his horse, Billy stops him. The two men decide to duel it out, with a pleased Pat expecting Billy to lose. However, as they await the signal , Billy realizes that Doc is a true friend, and moves his hands away from his guns. Doc tries to provoke him, inflicting minor wounds in one hand and both ears, but the Kid still will not fire. The two reconcile. Furious, Pat calls Doc out, despite not having a chance. Doc makes no attempt to shoot his friend and is himself fatally wounded. Pat is aghast. After Doc is buried, Pat offers to give Billy their friend's revolvers. He also persuades Billy to give him his guns, saying that he can then claim that it is Billy in the grave. The Kid can leave his past behind him and have a fresh start in life. However, it is all a trick. Pat had removed the firing pins from Doc's revolvers. Fortunately for Billy, while comparing the guns, he inadvertently switched one of Doc's for his. As a result, neither his gun nor Pat's fires. Billy pulls out a second, working gun. He handcuffs Pat, judging that the lawman will still state that Billy is dead rather than admit the Kid left him helpless. As he is riding away, Billy stops and looks back; an overjoyed Rio gets on his horse."] ['Lee Umstetter  is in San Quentin for armed robbery serving "life without possibility" -- that is, with no chance of parole. After two failed suicide attempts, Lee begins to read books from the prison library. He attends a performance of Waiting for Godot given for the prisoners and is deeply moved. He begins to write plays about imprisonment and then stages them, too. One is a social-protest musical extravaganza about life in the penitentiary, which attracts visitors and earns Lee the regard of a San Francisco theatre reviewer  who persuades the governor to release him. Lee organises an acting troupe made up of former cons -- a shoplifter ([[William Forsythe , a murderer , an embezzler , a smart pimp , a flasher , and others. Lee\'s work doesn\'t make the same impact outside the prison as it did inside. Touring in a camper, with no money, the men are torn by impulses to revert to their former criminal behaviour.'] ['In 1863, the American Civil War is still raging and Great Britain and France have yet to enter into the conflict. For the past year British troops have been stationed in Halifax, Nova Scotia, carefully checking European passengers disembarking from foreign ships. The beautiful Adèle Hugo , the second daughter of Victor Hugo, makes it through and takes a carriage into Halifax. Traveling under the assumed name of Miss Lewly, Adèle finds accommodations at a boarding house run by Mr. and Mrs. Saunders. Adèle finds a notary and inquires about a British officer, Lieutenant Pinson , with whom she\'s had a relationship. Later that day Adèle sees Pinson at a book shop. When she learns that Mr. Saunders will be attending a military dinner which Pinson is likely to attend, Adèle asks him to deliver a letter from her—a love letter announcing her arrival. While showing some old photographs to Mrs. Saunders, she talks about her older sister Léopoldine Hugo who died in a drowning accident at the age of nineteen many years ago just after being married. When Mr. Saunders returns from the dinner he tells her that he gave Pinson her letter but he did not reply. That night Adèle has nightmares about drowning. The next day Adèle writes to her parents telling them that she must be with her beloved Pinson and that they are planning to marry, but she will wait for their formal consent. She spends her evenings writing in her journal about her life and her love for Pinson. "I\'ll be able to win him over through gentleness," she writes. Pinson arrives at the boarding house and tells Adèle that she must leave Halifax and stop following him. Adèle believes that if they marry all his concerns will be resolved. Pinson knows that her parents do not approve of him and his heavy gambling debts. Adèle tries to persuade him, telling him that she\'s rejected another marriage proposal, threatens to expose him and ruin his military career, and even offers him money for his gambling debts, but he remains unmoved. In the coming days Adèle continues writing in her journal, convinced that she is Pinson\'s wife in spirit. She tries to conjure the ghost of her dead sister to help her. One night she follows Pinson to the home of his mistress where she watches him make love to her. Undeterred, Adèle continues her writing and her behavior becomes more eccentric. Mr. Whistler , the kind bookseller who provides her with writing paper, shows an interest in her. As she leaves his book shop, she faints from exhaustion. Mr. Whistler visits her at the boarding house bringing her paper, but she refuses to see him. Doctor Murdock ([[Roger Martin  visits and diagnoses a mild case of pleurisy. He notices one of her letters is addressed to "Victor Hugo" and informs Mrs. Saunders of the true identity of her boarder. Adèle\'s obsession grows stronger and one day she writes to her parents notifying them that she has married Pinson and that from now on she should be addressed as Madame Pinson. Upon receiving the news, Adèle\'s famous father posts an announcement of the marriage in his local paper, news of which makes its way back to Pinson\'s colonel. After Pinson writes Victor Hugo explaining he will never marry Adèle, Victor Hugo writes back to his daughter urging her to return home to Guernsey. Adèle responds to her father\'s letter with more fantasy, urging her parents to accept Pinson. Learning Adèle\'s true identity, Mr. Whistler offers her a gift of her father\'s books, but she responds in anger and paranoia. She hires a prostitute as a gift for Pinson. She follows him to a theater to see a hypnotist act, where she gets the idea that she can hypnotize Pinson into loving her. Trapped in a seemingly hopeless position, Adèle begins to go mad with despair. She goes to the father of Pinson\'s fiancé and claims that he is married to her and that she is carrying his child, thereby ending Pinson\'s engagement. After leaving the boarding house, Adèle\'s condition deteriorates rapidly. She wanders the streets in torn clothes talking to herself. In February 1864 Pinson is shipped out to Barbados, and a destitute Adèle follows him. Now married, Pinson learns that Adèle is in Barbados claiming to be his wife. Concerned about his reputation, Pinson searches for her and finds her wandering the streets in rags. When he tries to confront her, Adèle does not acknowledge or recognize him. Helped by a kind former slave, Adèle returns to Paris where the French Third Republic is now established. Her famous father places her in an asylum in Saint-Mandé where she will live for the next forty years—gardening, playing piano, and writing in her journal. Adèle Hugo died in Paris in 1915 at the age of 85.'] ['The film starts in a Budapest Hotel with a narrative introduction by Perlasca, which reveals the historical background of the story told. Disturbed by his chambermaid he is warned of the raid of Arrow Cross storm troopers coming up on the stairs to arrest him. He escapes before being caught and manages to get at the railway station where he tries to sneak onto a sheep transport wagon. Discovered by a local officer named Glückmer he is put under arrest but the while being taken away an Ally air strike hits the station allowing Perlasca an opportunity to escape. He arrives to a bourgeois party where he is trying to get in formation from Contessa Eleonora about resistance members ready to help him in leaving the country. Meanwhile another squad of troopers led by captain Bleiber arrive on the scene and arrest some of the party guests but the contessa uses her social rank to elude from the place and sends Perlasca to Professor Balázs who rescues Jews from persecution. Perlasca follows the advise and goes to his clinic where he spends the night but the place is again investigated by Bleiber and his henchman Lieut. Nagy. the Professor evades the clean-up, though the Jews - afraid of being caught the next day - leave the house and subsequently runs into the trap of Bleiber, who is waiting outside and slaughter them with a night raid. Perlasce survives in the confusion with Magda and her daughter Lili. They reach the Spanish Embassy where - thanks to a self-written letter by Francisco Franco - he is granted to speak with the ambassador Sanz Briz. He sends them to a Spanish safe house of Spain\'s possession thus no Hungarian laws apply in them . They are accompanied by a local lawyer working for the embassy. There Perlasca meets some refugees from the clinic as well as Eva and Sándor, a Jewish couple and unifies the opposing Jewish parties within the house. He and the lawyer leave the house for s drink but upon his return he recognizes that the house was indeed cleaned up illegally by the Arrow Cross soldiers. He begins searching for Magda first in the railway station where the fascists has already started to gather and load the Jews to wagons ready to roll out. He confronts Glückmer for the second time who helps him instead of putting him in custody. Perlasca is sent to the SS-Führer of the station who is easy to bribe and thus lets him compile a list of Jews needed by the Spanish Embassy. He cheats with the list and actually calls more people to his truck than it is permitted except Magda, who isn\'t on the train. He then visits an Arrow Cross Interrogation base, where he finds a lot of executed Jews but saves those few who survived the torture with Magde among them. Returning to the Embassy, Briz tells him that they withdraw from Hungary and cease to operate. This is the point where Perlasca decides to take the role of a so-called consul and to lie to be of Spanish nationality and make others call him "Jorge". He refuses to let the Arrow troopers in and acts as if the Embassy would still functioning thus is a neutral territory. He organizes education, alert duty and supplies within these buildings. He visits Gábor Vajna, the Arrow Cross Interior Minister of Hungary as a consul and claim that the Jews housed by the Spanish are Sephardi Jews. Meanwhile Lt. Nagy collects - according to the local rules - the protected Jews to the streets to dump debris caused by air raids. He attempts to escort the group to the railway station for deportation, but is stopped again by a dispatch reporting Perlasca and Vajna\'s agreement. Then comes the aforementioned encounter with Adolf Eichman where Perlasca saves the lives of two siblings. He then falsifies 5000 \'Schutzbriefs\'  when he is informed of his own Spanish visa waiting for him at the Hungarian border. He still chooses to stay because Magda\'s life is in danger. A final raid on the safehouse results in Nagy taking all the Jews  to the Danube bank, while Perlasca is attending to a ball where he tries to borrow a train wagon for his protégés to be sent to Switzerland. While running away from the safehouse, Magda\'s father is shot at sight by a young militiaman, who tries to test him by asking to finish the prayer "Our father, who art in ... ". As being Jewish he can not do so and the soldier yells "Where is our father?" while Sándor responds "I don\'t know where he is" and is shot immediately.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}'] ['Born in Seattle, Washington, Frances Elena Farmer is a rebel from a young age, winning a high school award by writing an essay called "God Dies" in 1931. Later that decade, she becomes controversial again when she wins  an all-expenses-paid trip to the USSR in 1935. Determined to become an actress, Frances is equally determined not to play the Hollywood game: she refuses to acquiesce to publicity stunts, and insists upon appearing on screen without makeup. Her defiance attracts the attention of Broadway playwright Clifford Odets, who convinces Frances that her future rests with the Group Theatre. But once she leaves Hollywood for New York City, Frances learns to her chagrin that the Group Theatre intends to exploit her fame in order to draw in customers. Her desperate attempts to restart her film career, combined with her increasing dependence on alcohol and the pressures brought to bear by her mother, result in a complete nervous breakdown. While institutionalized during the 1940s, Frances is abused by the powers-that-be: she is forced to undergo insulin and electroshock, is beaten cruelly, and periodically raped by the male orderlies and visiting soldiers and eventually involuntarily lobotomized. Frances is released in the custody of her mother in 1950, who persists in browbeating her daughter until Frances discovers the legal means to break away. The film comes to a climax when Frances is feted by the network program This Is Your Life. When asked about her alcoholism and mental illness, Farmer said she had never believed she was mentally ill. She commented, "if a person is treated like a patient, they are apt to act like one." The film ends with Frances Farmer walking down the street with Harry York. Ending lines state that Frances Farmer spent 1958 to 1964 as host of a local TV program  in Indianapolis, Indiana, dying of esophageal cancer on August 1, 1970 at age 56.'] ['The film tells the story of Orton and Halliwell in flashback, framed by sequences of Lahr researching the book upon which the film is based with Orton\'s literary agent, Peggy Ramsay. Orton and Halliwell\'s relationship is traced from its beginnings at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Orton starts out as the uneducated youth to Halliwell\'s older faux-sophisticate. As the relationship progresses, however, Orton grows increasingly confident in his talent while Halliwell\'s writing stagnates. They fall into a parody of a traditional married couple, with Orton as the "husband" and Halliwell as the long-suffering and increasingly ignored "wife" . Orton is commissioned to write a screenplay for The Beatles and Halliwell gets carried away in preparing for a meeting with the "Fab Four", but in the end Orton is taken away for a meeting on his own. Finally, a despondent Halliwell kills Orton and commits suicide.'] ["The film loosely follows Britain's most prolific hangman, Albert Pierrepoint , from the time he is first trained for the job and accepted onto the list of the country's official hangmen in 1932 until his resignation in 1956."] ["The story focuses on Scottish writer J. M. Barrie, his platonic relationship with Sylvia Llewelyn Davies, and his close friendship with her sons, who inspire the classic play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up. Following the dismal reception of his latest play, Little Mary, Barrie meets the widowed Sylvia and her four young sons in Kensington Gardens, and a strong friendship develops between them. He proves to be a great playmate and surrogate father figure for the boys, and their imaginative antics give him ideas which he incorporates into a play about boys who do not want to grow up, especially one named after troubled young Peter Llewelyn Davies. His wife Mary, who eventually divorces him, and Sylvia's mother Emma du Maurier, object to the amount of time Barrie spends with the Llewelyn Davies family. Emma also seeks to control her daughter and grandsons, especially as Sylvia becomes increasingly weak from an unidentified illness. Producer Charles Frohman skeptically agrees to mount Peter Pan despite his belief it holds no appeal for upper-class theatergoers. Barrie peppers the opening night audience with children from a nearby orphanage, and the adults present react to their infectious delight with an appreciation of their own. The play proves to be a huge success. Because Sylvia is too ill to attend the production, Barrie arranges to have an abridged production of it performed in her home. She dies shortly afterward, and Barrie finds that her will is to have him and her mother to look after the boys; an arrangement agreeable to both."] ['The story opens in the late 1970s in the Pennines, where Tony Wilson , reporting for Granada Television embarks on a hang gliding adventure, despite not having any training. After crashing several times and receiving a "rather unfortunate" injury to his coccyx, he walks away, then turns to the camera, breaking the fourth wall, saying the scene was symbolic of what is to come on many levels. Wilson is dissatisfied with his job as a television news reporter, finding stories like the hang-gliding stunt unfulfilling, telling his producer, Charles ([[John Thomson , "I\'m a serious fucking journalist ... I went to Cambridge." Wilson then attends a concert in June 1976 at Manchester Lesser Free Trade Hall by the Sex Pistols . Despite only being attended by 42 people, Wilson cites the concert as a great historical event that would inspire attendees to "go out and perform wondrous deeds". For his part, Wilson, the host of a music show, So It Goes, decides to move beyond just putting bands on television and get into promoting concerts. With some friends, actor Alan Erasmus  and Rob Gretton , Wilson starts a weekly series of punk rock shows at a Manchester club. It is during the opening night, and a performance by a band Gretton manages called Joy Division, that Wilson is caught by his wife, Lindsay , getting fellatio from a woman in the back of the club owner Don Tonay \'s "nosh van". She then retaliates by having sexual intercourse in a toilet cubicle with the Buzzcocks\' Howard Devoto , and is caught by Tony . The real Devoto, portraying a janitor cleaning the bathroom sink, then turns to the camera a few seconds after Wilson passes him by and says "I definitely don\'t remember this happening." Wilson continues in the music business, and with his friends, starts Factory Records, signing Joy Division , led by erratic, brooding lead singer Ian Curtis , as the first band. Showing his dedication, Wilson prepares a record contract for the band, written in his own blood, giving the artists full control over their music. Irascible producer Martin Hannett  is hired to record Joy Division, and though he is difficult to work with – he orders Joy Division drummer Stephen Morris, to dismantle his drum kit and reassemble it on the roof of the studio – the results are the work of genius, and soon Joy Division have a hit record. The success is short-lived, however, when, just before Joy Division is to tour the United States, Curtis commits suicide by hanging himself. The news is broken to Wilson as he is preparing to do a news report about a Chester town crier, and the distraught Wilson asks the crier to report on Curtis\' death. Joy Division beat the odds and survive the death of their lead singer, going on to rename themselves New Order, and record the hit song "Blue Monday". Factory Records continues with the building of its nightclub, The Haçienda, with an opening night performance by Factory band A Certain Ratio in front of less than 40 customers. The Haçienda shown in the film was not the real club, but a replica built in a Manchester factory space; the original club was closed in 1997 and demolished in 2002, replaced by luxury apartments. The exterior of the building is used in some scenes.{{cite news}} Another hit band, the Happy Mondays, are signed, and the beginning of the ecstasy-fuelled rave culture is witnessed. Despite all the success, Factory Records is losing vast amounts of money, both on The Haçienda and on recording its bands. In one scene, Erasmus points out  that the label is actually losing 5 pence for every copy of the 12-inch single for "Blue Monday" that is sold because the intricately designed packaging by Peter Saville costs more than what the records are being sold for. Saville is additionally portrayed for having a reputation for missing deadlines, turning in posters and tickets for club dates after the events have already occurred. The Factory partners try to save the label by selling it to London Records, but when it is revealed that Factory does not hold valid contracts with any of its artists, the deal falls through. Other troubles include the drug use by the Happy Mondays\' Shaun Ryder , who holds the master tapes for the band\'s troubled fourth studio album hostage until Wilson gives him some money. When the master tape is played, it turns out that Ryder, despite being hailed by Wilson as "the greatest poet since Yeats", was unable to write any lyrics , so all the tracks to the album, expensively recorded in Barbados, are instrumentals. Hannett has also become unpredictable, attempting at one time to shoot Wilson with a pistol. He has a falling out with Factory Records over finances, and spirals into decline due to alcohol and drug abuse and weight gain, and dies aged 42. Meanwhile, various aspects of Wilson\'s life are glossed over, and Wilson takes a moment to acknowledge this, quickly skimming over his divorce from his first wife, Lindsay, his second marriage and children, and his relationship with beauty queen Yvette Livesey . His own drug problems and professional difficulties are also glossed over. "I\'m a minor character in my own story," Wilson explains, saying that the stories about the music, as well as Manchester itself, are more important.'] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ['Willie Dynamite is a fancy pimp that has his girls working in business conventions attracting the many businessmen that need a break from work. The film starts with the girls walking into the Business International Association convention where all eyes are turned on to the girls. Willie has seven women working the night, all dressed up with vibrant outfits. Many men take the girls to their hotel rooms and even the police are paying to have fun. Willie is first seen driving his "pimped" purple Cadillac on the streets of New York. The front license plate engraves the first part of his nickname, “Willie”, while the back license plate engraves the second part, “Dynamite”. Willie goes to the hotel to collect payment from his girls. Pashen is the newest hooker in the line of Willie. He gets mad at her for producing less than expected. Willie compares his business of hookers to that of a production line: "Seven girls out there, every ten minutes, one comes off the production line, like that...This is a business baby, a production line, and just like GM, Ford, Chrysler, Willie\'s comin\' through." He then explains his dreams of being number one, the top pimp in the city of New York. Bell, the current number one pimp, holds a pimp counsel, and explains that the heat is rising on them, meaning the police are cracking down on prostitution activities within the city. Bell proposes an idea that each pimp get his own turf to run instead of the pimps competing for territory. Everyone is for the idea except Willie. He argues that the new idea would hurt his business. He compares his women to the animals of the jungle, having the need to roam free and conquer all that can be controlled. Later, Willie soon learns that Pashen, the new girl, has been sent to jail. Cora, a social worker, comes and visits Pashen in jail. She tries to educate Pashen on the dangers of being a prostitute. Cora encourages Pashen to change her life, to become a model and get paid for it. Pashen, naïve, dislikes the idea and believes she can make more money as a hooker for Willie. Willie then comes to post bail and rescue Pashen. Cora makes an unexpected visit to Willie\'s while he is away and tells the girls they are being ripped off from Willie. They ponder the thought as she leaves the room. When Willie comes back, he learns that Pashen has gone to jail again and the girls are reluctant to work. Willie threatens to put them in shape if they decide to not work. Cora visits the jail and tries to persuade Pashen to change again. Pashen argues that she makes a lot of money and she feels like she is somebody important when she is working. Cora then reveals that she was once a prostitute on the streets. She then sneaks in to Willie’s place to find evidence of bank accounts that can prove his dirty doings. The evidence she took would not be able to hold in court. Pashen finally decides to pursue modeling. She takes a photo opportunity and gets paid. She tries to tell Willie that she wants out, but he tells her of dreams and hopes that she can’t refuse. Willie goes to the hotel convention, finding that his territory has been compromised and that his head hooker, Honey, has been killed after a territorial battle. His life is spiraling down as he finds all his bank accounts have been frozen and are under investigation by the Internal Revenue Service. Two detectives chase down Willie through New York. Willie’s seven hookers are sent to jail after the hotel riot and they cannot post bail. They are sent to a women’s detention center for holding. While in the detention center, Pashen’s face gets cut, and she gets traumatized by her loss of beauty. When Willie returns home, he is met by Bell and his men, and things get out of hand when Bell wishes for Willie to quit the game. Later Willie is caught by the two detectives for possession of narcotics. Willie is let off for evidence without a warrant. In the end, Willie thinks back on past events after his mother dies, leaves his car for good, and is seen walking happily on the streets.'] ['The film opens in 1936, New York City, where Billie Holiday  is being placed under arrest. After being finger-printed and placed into a straight jacket, Billie is locked in a jail cell. The film then flashes back to 1928. Billie has an encounter with a rapist . She is rescued by a madame . After returning to her Aunt Ida\'s ([[Lynn Hamilton  house, Billie accidentally leaves the door open, puts on a record, giving the rapist the chance to slip inside; Billie is raped. Following the incident, Billie runs away to her mother , eventually being escorted to the house by a police officer. Mama Holiday feeds Billie and sets up a job to clean at a brothel in the Harlem section of New York City. The brothel itself is run by an arrogant, selfish owner named Ms. Edson , who pays Billie very little money. One night, Billie sneaks into a nightclub/bar with black showgirls, owned by Jerry . Jerry tries to get rid of Billie, who claims that she knows every single song out to date. She sees Louis McKay , he smiles at her, then a guard comes, picks Billie up and kicks her out of the nightclub. Eventually, Billie tires of scrubbing floors at the brothel and becomes a prostitute. After impulsively quitting prostitution, Billie heads to the club she was once kicked out of, and auditions with the showgirls. Jerry tells her to leave when she does not quite catch up with the girls\' dancing moves. Billie then speaks to a man, who becomes her best friend; Piano Man , who plays the song "All of Me". Jerry then witnesses her talent for singing, and books her for a show, beginning Billie\'s career as a singer. Billie debuts at the nightclub. Her set is not successful with the audience which ends up booing her. Louis, who surprisingly arrives at Billie\'s debut, giving her fifty dollars. Billie, then takes the money, and sings "Them There Eyes". Louis mysteriously disappears during Billie\'s set. Billie takes a liking to Louis and begins dating him. Eventually, she is discovered by two men: Harry  and Reg Hanley , who sign her as a soloist for their southern tour in hopes of landing a radio network gig. During the tour, Billie experiences an overwhelming, and fateful moment; she witnesses the aftermath of the lynching of an African-American man, which presses her to record one of the most controversial songs in history . The harsh experiences on the tour result in a dependency on drugs, which are supplied by Harry. One night when Billie is performing, Louis comes to see Billie and waits for her in her dressing room. He knows that she is doing drugs and tells her she is going home with him, he loves her and that it is for her own good. He tells her he can tell by her singing voice that she is on drugs, but she denies being \'hooked.\' She promises to stay off the drugs if he stays with her. He says again that she should go home with him, but she firmly refuses, but again promises no drugs. Billie continues to tour the South to equally disastrous personal results. Back in New York, Reg and Louis manage to arrange her radio debut, but the station does not call her to sing; unfortunately, her work on the tour has been for naught: the radio sponsors object to her race. The group heads to Cafe Manhattan to drown their sorrows. Billie has too much to drink and she asks Harry for drugs, saying that she doesn\'t want her family to know that the radio show upset her. He refuses and she throws her drink in his face. She is ready to leave, but Louis has arranged for her to sing onstage at the Cafe, a club where she once aspired to sing. She obliges with one song but refuses an encore, leaving the club in urgent need of a fix. Louis, more than suspicious that she\'s broken her promise to clean up, takes her back to his home, where she has been staying, but refuses to allow her access to the bathroom and her kit. She fights Louis for it, going so far as to pull a razor on him. Saddened, Louis leaves her to shoot up, telling her he doesn\'t want her there when he comes back. Their relationship has come to an end. She returns to the Harlem nightclub, where her drug use is intensified until, upon news of the death of her mother in the hospital, she is prompted to check herself into a drug clinic. Unbeknownst to her, she cannot pay for her own treatment. The hospital secretly calls Louis, who comes to see her and agrees to pay her bills without her knowledge. Impressed with the initiative she\'s taken to try to straighten herself out, Louis proposes to her at the hospital and leaves to purchase a ring. Just as things appear to be looking up, she is arrested for having been in possession of narcotics and removed from the controlled environment of the clinic. In prison, without any medical supervision or assistance, Billie is going through crippling withdrawal. Louis brings the doctor from the hospital to treat her, but she is incoherent. He puts a ring on her finger to remind her of his promise, but must leave the jail cell. Soon, Billie has done her time and comes home. She tells her friends that she doesn\'t want to sing anymore. Billie marries Louis and pledges not to continue her career. However, the lure of performing is too strong and she returns to singing with Louis serving as her manager. Unfortunately, her felony conviction has stripped her of her Cabaret Card, which would allow her to sing in NYC nightclubs. To restore public confidence and influence the Commission to reinstate her license, Billie agrees, at Louis\' urging, to embark on a cross-country tour. Over the following months, Billie\'s career takes off on the nightclub circuit. Unfortunately, Louis leaves for New York to help arrange a comeback performance for her at Carnegie Hall, leaving Billie to head to California without him. Despondent at Louis\' absence and the seemingly never-ending stream of venues, with them no nearer to their goal of Carnegie Hall, Billie succumbs to a moment of weakness. She asks her friend, known only as Piano Man, to pawn the ring Louis had given her and to use the money to buy drugs for her; reluctantly, he agrees. While they are in the throes of their high that evening, Piano Man\'s drug connections arrive, more than a little upset; apparently, he had neither pawned her ring nor paid for the drugs he procured. Piano Man is fatally beaten by the dealers while Billie witnesses the brutal attack. Ironically, within the hour, Louis and her promoter Bernie call a hysterical Billie with news that they got her Carnegie Hall. Louis returns to find a very fragile Billie; it is obvious that she is quite traumatized and has fallen back into drugs after the murder. Louis packs her up and takes her back to New York. Billie plays to a packed house at Carnegie Hall. Her encore, "God Bless the Child," is overlayed with newspaper clippings highlighting subsequent events: the concert fails to sway the Commission to restore her license; subsequent appeals are denied; she is later re-arrested on drug charges; and finally, "Billie Holiday Dead at 44." Nevertheless, the Carnegie triumph is frozen in time.'] ['Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.'] ['A newsreel sets the scene for summer 1940, showing Nazi advances in Europe with England facing invasion and aerial attacks on the island increasing. On 15 September 1940, during the Battle of Britain, RAF Squadron Leader Geoffrey Crisp , the station commander of a Spitfire squadron, recounts the story of how his friend, R.J. Mitchell  designed the Spitfire fighter. His pilots listen as Crisp begins with the 1922 Schneider Trophy competition, where Mitchell began his most important work, designing high speed aircraft. While watching seagulls with his binoculars, he envisages a new shape for aircraft in the future. Crisp, an ex-First World War pilot seeking work, captivates Mitchell with his enthusiasm and the designer promises to hire him as test pilot should his design ever go into production. Facing opposition from official sources, Mitchell succeeds in creating a series of highly successful seaplane racers, eventually winning the Schneider Trophy outright for Great Britain. After a visit to Germany in the late 1930s and a chance meeting with leading German aircraft designer Willy Messerschmitt, Mitchell resolves to build the fastest and deadliest fighter aircraft. Convincing Henry Royce of Rolls-Royce that a new engine, eventually to become the famous Rolls-Royce Merlin, is needed, Mitchell gets the powerplant he requires. Faced by the devastating news that he has only one year to live and battling against failing health, Mitchell dies as the first prototype Supermarine Spitfire takes to the skies. . Crisp ends his account when the squadron is scrambled to counter a German attack, voicing a thanks to Mitchell for creating the Spitfire.'] ['In 1969, Hunter Adams  is a troubled man who voluntarily commits himself into a mental institution. Once there, he finds that helping his fellow inmates gives him a purpose in life and earns the nickname "Patch". Because of this he aspires to become a medical doctor and two years later enrolls at Virginia Medical University, being the oldest first year student. He questions the school\'s approach to medical care, and clashes with the school\'s Dean Walcott , who believes that doctors must treat patients and not bond with them as people. Because of this and other incidents, including a prank during a medical conference, he is expelled from the school, although he is later reinstated due to his methods actually improving the health of patients. Adams encourages medical students to cultivate relationships with nurses and learn their interviewing skills early, and argues that death should be treated with dignity and even humor. Adams begins a friendship with fellow student Carin Fisher , and develops his idea for a medical clinic built around his philosophy of treating patients through humor and compassion. With the help of Arthur Mendelson , a wealthy man who was a patient whom Patch met while in the mental hospital, he purchases 105 acres  in West Virginia to construct the future Gesundheit! Institute. Together with Carin, medical student Truman Schiff , and some old friends, he renovates an old cottage. When they get the clinic running, they treat walk-in patients without medical insurance, and perform comedy sketches for them. Carin and Patch\'s friendship soon turns into romance. She reveals to him that she had been molested as a child, distancing herself from men and dreaming of becoming a butterfly to escape her torment, but Patch reassures her that she can overcome her pain to help others. Encouraged, Carin wants to help a disturbed patient, Lawrence "Larry" Silver , by visiting him at home. Larry turns out to be far more disturbed than anybody expected, and murders Carin, turning the shotgun on himself soon after. Patch is devastated and guilt-ridden by Carin\'s death. He reconsiders his outlook, and questions the goodness of humanity. He contemplates suicide and questions God for what happened. He then turns to see a butterfly which reminds him of Carin and hope, and so decides to continue his work in her honor. However he is dismissed from the school for a second time because he ran a clinic and practiced medicine without a license. He files a grievance with the state medical board at the advice of his former Med school roommate, Mitch Roman , and must attend a hearing where it is decided whether he can graduate. Patch is able to convince the board in a final speech that he did his best to help the people that came to him, and as a doctor it is his responsibility to treat the disease of the body as well as a person\'s spirit regardless of outcome. The jury accepts Patch\'s medical methods and decides to allow him to graduate. He receives a standing ovation from the packed hearing room. Even at graduation, Patch cannot help but be a non-conformist. After handing Adams a diploma, Walcott approves of Patch\'s conformity, to which Patch bows to the professors and the audience, revealing his nude bottom under his gown.'] ['Sybylla , a headstrong, free spirited girl growing up in late 19th century Australia, has the opportunity of marriage to a young man, Harry , a wealthy suitor and childhood friend, but rejects it in order to maintain her independence, instead being forced to take a job as governess/housekeeper to the family of an illiterate neighbour to whom her father owes money. After returning home, she again rejects another proposal by Harry so she can write her novel, My Brilliant Career.'] ['The film jumps between various sections of Bruce\'s life, including scenes of when he was in his prime and the burned-out, strung-out performer who, in the twilight of his life, used his nightclub act to pour out his personal frustrations. We watch as up-and-coming Bruce courts his "Shiksa goddess", a stripper named Honey. With family responsibilities, Lenny is encouraged to do a "safe" act, but he cannot do it. Constantly in trouble for flouting obscenity laws, Lenny develops a near-messianic complex which fuels both his comedy genius and his talent for self-destruction. Worn out by a lifetime of tilting at Establishment windmills, Lenny Bruce dies of a morphine overdose in 1966.'] ['Vidor romanticizes Chopin\'s patriotism in the film, which was produced during World War II. Chopin, played by Cornel Wilde, is first presented to the audience as a child prodigy playing a piece by Mozart, but suddenly starts to bang on the piano keys when he notices out the window that Polish people are being taken prisoners by the Russian authorities. The film also shows Chopin taking part in secret meetings to work on saving Poland with his young friends. Vidor depicts patriotism as a major motive for Chopin playing the piano. He attends a secret meeting instead of showing up on time for his concert in front of a count and distinguished guests. In addition, when he finally performs at the concert, he stops playing when he sees the Russian Governor of Poland enter the room. Chopin stands up and announces, "I do not perform for Czarist butchers." He storms out of the room as his famous Revolutionary Étude starts in the background. Before leaving Poland for Paris, Chopin clutches Polish earth in his hands. When he arrives in Paris, he says: "I’m thinking of my people back home. You see, there was a purpose in coming to Paris." The first work of Chopin\'s that is heard in Paris is his "Heroic" Polonaise, a song for Poland. The appearance of George Sand, played by Merle Oberon, alters Chopin\'s life. Vidor portrays George Sand as a disruptive figure in Chopin\'s life, who seduces him and distracts him from Poland. At the end of the film, he gives a passionate concert tour around Europe, despite his failing health. In one of his concerts, Chopin starts bleeding. Ironically, when this film was produced in 1944, Poland was suffering from a similar fate as it had when Chopin was alive—Poland was under foreign control once again  during World War II. The pianist José Iturbi played the piano music, and also orchestrated part of the B minor Sonata for the scene when Chopin and George Sand arrive in Mallorca. The hands of pianist Ervin Nyíregyházi are shown playing the piano.'] ['The rogue  who would later call himself Eugène François Vidocq is born in a prison cell, the twelfth child of a woman who steals a loaf of bread each time she needs shelter to give birth. As the boy grows into a man, he is constantly in and out of jail. As the story begins, he and his cutpurse cellmate and associate, Emile Vernet , escape using a file hidden in a birthday cake provided by Vernet\'s aunt Ernestine. While making their way to Paris, they are hired to pose for a painter , Vidocq as Saint George and Vernet as the dragon. As the church painting nears completion, the pair steal the horse on which Vidocq is posing. In Paris, Uncle Hugo , the head of Vernet\'s criminal family, decides the safest place for the fugitives is in the army. He has a forger relative provide Vidocq with a fake commission as a lieutenant. After two years, the pair leave the army. Returning to Paris, Lieutenant "Rousseau" encounters a singer named Loretta . She is intrigued with him, while he is more attracted to her ruby garter. Accompanying her when she goes to meet her boring admirer, Vidocq manages to steal the garter. As Vidocq and Vernet make a detour around the church adorned by their likenesses, they come across the jewel-laden Marquise De Pierremont . Vidocq wrangles an invitation to her chateau after retrieving her pet monkey from a cemetery . He is a bit alarmed when he discovers that his intended victim\'s son-in-law is the Minister of Police , but also enchanted by the official\'s daughter Therese . Unbeknownst to him, she had fallen in love with the image of Saint George, and is greatly disturbed by the uncanny resemblance to their guest. Vidocq and Vernet steal and hide the jewels, intending to return for them later. However, when the minister fires Richet , his chief of police, for not recovering the jewels, Vidocq devises a much grander scheme. Through "deduction", he leads the minister to the hiding place of the jewels, and wins for himself Richet\'s old job. In that capacity, he gets Vernet\'s relatives hired at the Bank of Paris, which he intends to rob. A complication arises when he bumps into Loretta, who turns out to have married her beau, Richet. After learning his new identity, Loretta blackmails Vidocq into resuming their relationship. Vidocq tells Vernet to go ahead with the robbery that night. That day, he goes out walking with Loretta and her younger sister Mimi. When they are alone, Loretta informs him that she has figured out that he stole the jewels. However, she does not care. She is quite willing to follow him, even if it means embarking on a life of crime. Meanwhile, a jealous Richet bursts in on his wife and threatens to kill himself. Instead, in a fit of anger brought on by her cold response, he shoots and kills her. With that impediment out of the way, Vidocq informs the Vernet clan that he has changed his mind; he will hunt them down if they go through with the robbery. Nearly everyone is content with their new jobs - all that is except Emile. He ambushes his former friend, forcing Vidocq to kill him. Then he confesses to the minister. He is forgiven by all of the De Pierremonts and welcomed into the family.'] ['Soon after World War I is over, "Spig" Wead, along with John Dale Price , tries to prove to the Navy the value of aviation in combat. To do this, Wead pushes the Navy to compete in racing and endurance competitions. Several races are against the US Army aviation team led by Captain Herbert Allen Hazard . Wead spends most of his time either flying or horsing around with his teammates, meaning that his wife Minnie, or "Min" , and children are ignored. The night Wead is promoted to fighter squadron commander, he falls down a flight of stairs at home, breaks his neck and is paralyzed. When "Min" tries to console him he rejects her and the family. He will only let his Navy mates like "Jughead" Carson  and Price near him. "Jughead" visits the hospital almost daily to encourage Frank\'s rehabilitation. Carson also pushes "Spig" to get over his depression, try to walk, and start writing. Wead achieves some success in all three goals. After great success in Hollywood, Wead returns to active sea duty with the Navy in World War II, developing the idea of smaller escort, or "jeep," carriers to augment the main aircraft carrier force. A heart attack sends Wead home before the war\'s end. Director John Ford is himself represented in the film, in the humorously-named character of film director John Dodge, played by another Ford favorite, Ward Bond.'] ['In the early days of World War II, Cohan comes out of retirement to star as President Roosevelt in the Rodgers and Hart musical I\'d Rather Be Right. On the first night, he is summoned to meet the President at the White House, who presents him with a Congressional Gold Medal . Cohan is overcome and chats with Roosevelt, recalling his early days on the stage. The film flashes back to his supposed birth on July 4, whilst his father is performing on the vaudeville stage. Cohan and his sister join the family act as soon as they can learn to dance, and soon The Four Cohans are performing successfully. But George gets too cocky as he grows up and is blacklisted by theatrical producers for being troublesome. He leaves the act and hawks his songs unsuccessfully around producers. In partnership with another struggling writer, Sam Harris, he finally interests a producer and they are on the road to success. He also marries Mary, a young singer/dancer. As his star ascends, he persuades his now struggling parents to join his act, eventually vesting some of his valuable theatrical properties in their name. Cohan retires, but returns to the stage several times, culminating in the role of the U.S. President. as he leaves the White House, he performs a dance step down the stairs . Outside, he joins a military parade, where the soldiers are singing "Over There." Not knowing that Cohan is the song\'s composer, they jokingly invite him to join in, which he does.'] ['The film begins with a nightmare of Bruce Lee\'s father , who sees a terrifying phantom  in black samurai armor that haunts the young Bruce Lee . Bruce is shown as a child receiving instruction in traditional Chinese martial arts in a montage that passes quickly through his teenage years in Hong Kong. As a young adult, Bruce  becomes involved in a fight with British sailors  and this results in him having to leave Hong Kong because of the incident. His father suggests that Bruce go to the US, since he was actually born in San Francisco when his father was on a tour there and has a US birth certificate. His father asks Bruce to become a success, so big a success that his name will be famous even back in Hong Kong. In the US, Bruce starts off working as a dishwasher at a Chinese restaurant, where he becomes involved in a fight with some of the staff, and he fends them off until the restaurant owner  arrives and fires Bruce. As well as severance she gives him an all-purpose loan and convinces him to use the money to invest in a future with education or, in her own words, sex. At a university, he begins to teach martial arts classes, and during these classes he meets Linda Emery , and the two begin dating. They eventually marry in defiance of Linda\'s racist mother. Linda suggests that Bruce open up a martial arts training school, which he does, but some other Chinese martial arts schools feel that he should not train non-Chinese, and they challenge him to fight Johnny Sun  to resolve the issue. Bruce wins the fight but Sun attacks Bruce from behind after the fight is over, resulting in a serious back injury. While immobilized and recovering Bruce and Linda quarrel of why he did not tell her about this duel, but she furiously rejects his despairing assumption that she will abandon him because of this injury. To give his recovery time purpose, Linda coaxes him to examine the weaknesses of his combat technique, which leads to him developing the fight philosophy of Jeet Kune Do while she helps him write "The Tao of Jeet Kune Do." During this period Linda gives birth to their first child, Brandon, and he is the key for the couple to reconcile with Linda\'s mother . Later at Ed Parker\'s martial arts tournament, Bruce has a new face-off with Johnny Sun, this time in a 60-second demonstration of his new fighting style. Johnny Sun appears to have the upper hand in the first half of the match but then Bruce recovers and ends up kicking Sun over the top rope. After the match, Bruce meets Bill Krieger  and is hired for The Green Hornet TV show. Bruce and Bill work together and create the idea for Kung Fu. At a cast party, Linda says she is now pregnant with their second child, Shannon. Shortly afterwards, there is an announcement for the cancellation of The Green Hornet. The show Kung Fu makes it onto television, but starring David Carradine and not Bruce. Bruce travels back home for his father\'s funeral and whilst in the country is soon approached by Philip Tan , a Hong Kong film producer. He says that Bruce is well known in Hong Kong and that The Green Hornet show is called The Kato Show there. Bruce begins work on The Big Boss. In the filming of the final scene, set in an ice factory, the brother of Johnny Sun attacks Bruce, wanting revenge. Bruce successfully defends himself against the attack. The Big Boss is a success and Bruce makes several more films – working as actor, director and editor. This causes a rift between Bruce and Linda, as she wishes to return to the States. Bill Krieger shows up, and although he knows that Bruce is still angry with him, he offers him a chance to work on a big-budget Hollywood movie, which Bruce decides to do, particularly as Linda feels she must return. On the 32nd day of shooting Enter the Dragon, Bruce has a vision of himself fighting and defeating the phantom that haunted his childhood. At the end, he decides to walk off of the set and go home to see his family. The film ends during a shot of the final scene of Enter the Dragon, with a voice-over by Linda informing the audience of his death before the movie\'s release, and her preferred choice to discuss his life, not his death.'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] ['A few short hours after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln , Dr. Samuel Mudd  gives treatment to a man with a broken leg who shows up at his door. Mudd does not know that the president has been assassinated and the man who he is treating is John Wilkes Booth . Mudd is arrested for being an accessory in the assassination and is sent to prison on the Dry Tortugas, described as in the West Indies and referred to in the film as "America\'s own Devil\'s Island". After a period of ill treatment due to his notoriety, his skills as a doctor are requested by the Commandant of the prison. The island has been in the grip of a yellow fever epidemic and the official prison doctor has fallen ill. Dr. Mudd takes charge with the blessing of the Commandant and the cooperation of the soldier guards, and the yellow jack epidemic subsides. In the end he receives a pardon and is allowed to return home.'] ['Rather than a straightforward narrative, the film presents Liszt\'s life through a series of episodes. At the start of the film, Liszt is caught in bed with Marie d\'Agoult by her husband the Count d\'Agoult. The Count challenges Liszt to a fight with sabres but Marie begs the count to share her fate with Liszt. The Count then orders his staff to trap Liszt and Marie into the body of a piano, nailing it shut, and then leaving it on railroad tracks. The scene is then shown to be a flashback triggered by the camera flash of photographers backstage before one of Liszt\'s concerts. Richard Wagner appears and Liszt introduces him to his circle of colleagues including Gioachino Rossini, Hector Berlioz, Frédéric Chopin, and Johann Strauss II. Liszt then pays Wagner to allow him to perform a variation on a theme from Rienzi. At the concert, Wagner is put off by Liszt\'s crowd-pleasing showmanship at the expense of serious musicianship, which includes adding the melody of Chopsticks to his Rienzi variation. However the crowd, consisting entirely of young screaming girls, go wild at Liszt\'s performance, storming the stage. Liszt uses Hans to proposition potentially wealthy females in the audience during his performance. One of them is Princess Carolyn, who relays to Liszt her address in Russia. The next scene shows Marie\'s and Liszt\'s domestic life plagued by jealousy over his constant touring away from home and his infidelities. At this point they have three children, the oldest being Cosima. Domestic life has also strained Liszt\'s creativity. Liszt prepares to depart to St. Petersburg to play for the Tsar. Marie threatens to abandon him if he decides to go. Liszt then suggests to Cosima that he would sell his soul to the Devil to be able to compose brilliant music again. As Liszt is leaving, Cosima consoles him that she will pray to God every day so that Liszt will meet the Devil and be able to sell his soul to him. In Russia, Liszt meets Princess Carolyn at her court. She begins to seduce him, offering him the ability to compose the brilliant music he wanted in exchange for total control of his life. In one of the most ostentatious scenes of the movie, Liszt then experiences a hallucination where the women of Princess Carolyn\'s court assail him but then become seduced by his music which strokes his libido and gives him a 10-foot erection. Carolyn sinisterly observes from afar as the women then celebrate his giant erection with a chorus line. The women then drag Liszt\'s erection to a guillotine in which Carolyn reveals that the bargain for Liszt\'s newfound musical prolificity is the forfeiture of his libertinism. The next scene shows Liszt in Dresden during the May Uprising, conflicted about not supporting his friends in the revolt and spending all his time isolated to compose music. Wagner, now a political criminal on the lam, reappears and asks Liszt for money so that he can escape the country with his family. As Liszt tends Wagner\'s wounds, Wagner secretly drugs Liszt, making him pass out. Wagner then reveals himself to be a vampire who has a mission to write music that will inspire a new German nationalistic movement. He then proceeds to suck Liszt\'s blood and compose on the piano. Before departing, Wagner leaves him his latest political pamphlet . Liszt and Carolyn travel to the Vatican to get married after the Pope agrees to grant her a divorce from her husband. The wedding is ultimately voided by the intervention of her husband and the Tsar. Furious at the Pope\'s political impotence, Carolyn threatens to write an anthology on her disagreements with the Church . Liszt then proposes that he will join the Church as an abbot. Liszt\'s life as an abbot is shown to be disobedient as he is caught in bed with a woman. The Pope then explains that Wagner has seduced Cosima as his wife and has begun to lead a devilish cult organised around his music. He tasks Liszt with travelling to Wagner\'s castle to exorcise him and return him to the Christian faith or else Liszt will be excommunicated and his music will be banned. Liszt travels to Wagner\'s castle, where he observes a secret ritual portraying a devilish Jew raping several blonde-haired Germanic nymphs. Wagner then appears with Cosima, dressed in Superman outfits, and sings how "the flowering youth of Germany was raped by \'the beast\'" and that a "new messiah" will soon arrive to drive out the beast. At the conclusion of the song, Cosima marches the audience, composed entirely of children, out with a Nazi salute as they chant that they "will be the master race". Liszt confronts Wagner, who is unaware of what Liszt saw, and inquires about his ambitions. Wagner confesses that he has been building a mechanical Viking Siegfried to rid the country of Jews. When Wagner awakens Siegfried with his music, the creature turns out to be crass and slow-witted. Liszt sneaks holy water into Wagner\'s drink, however the water has no effect on Wagner. Wagner then reveals himself as a vampire to Liszt and threatens to steal his music so that Wagner\'s Viking can live. Liszt rushes to the piano and plays music that exorcises Wagner, bringing him to near death. Cosima, witnessing Wagner\'s moribund state, imprisons Liszt and then resurrects Wagner in a Nazi ceremony as a Frankenstein Hitler wielding a machine-gun guitar. Trapped, Liszt observes as Cosima leads Wagner-Hitler to gun down the town\'s Jews, after which she kills Liszt by stabbing a needle through the heart of a doll made to look like him. In Heaven, Liszt is reunited with the romanced women of his life and Cosima , who regret their behaviour towards him and each other and finally live in harmony. Liszt and the women decide to fly down to Earth in a spaceship to destroy Wagner-Hitler who has now ravaged Berlin in a fiery machine-gun frenzy. Once Wagner-Hitler is destroyed, Liszt sings that he has found "peace at last".'] ['Tom Sullivan is a blind college student who wants to be normal. When not in class, Tom hangs out with his friend, Sly, who does not treat him like a blind person. In fact, he goes out of his way to challenge Tom. Tom likes to go jogging while Sly leads him on his bicycle. Sly leads him past obstacles such as park benches, shouting out "Bench!" at the last moment so Tom has to jump over it. On campus, Tom meets a black woman named Heather with whom he falls in love, but she breaks off the relationship because "the black and white thing" coupled with Tom\'s blindness is too complicated for her. Crushed by Heather\'s abandonment and experiencing loneliness, Tom continues to struggle with himself, still denying that his blindness affects his "normalcy". Then he meets his future wife, Patti, and his life changes forever.'] ['Following the Civil War the two brothers, along with the Younger brothers - Cole Younger  and Bob Younger , Bob Ford  and Charles Ford , Clell Miller , and Arch Clements , begin to feel oppressed by the Chicago railroad investors. They set off on a trail of bank robberies, train heists, and stage holdups while evading the dogged pursuit of Allan Pinkerton  and his detective agency.'] ['The film follows the life of George Armstrong Custer  including his attending the West Point Military Academy, his wooing of Elizabeth "Libby" Bacon  who becomes his loving wife, and his participation in the American Civil War and the Battle of Little Big Horn. Custer enters West Point and quickly establishes himself as a troublemaker, after showing up in an outfit he designed himself that made him appear as a visiting officer. After he is almost kicked out of West Point for the misunderstanding, he signs up as a cadet, and stacks up demerits for pranks, unruliness, and disregard of rules. When the Civil War breaks out his class at West Point is graduated early, including Custer who graduates at the bottom of the class, and is ordered to report to Washington, D.C.. Custer\'s relationship with Libby Bacon begins at West Point, when he is walking a punishment tour around the campus. On punishment, he is not allowed to talk, but he is approached by Libby who is looking for directions. As soon as his punishment is over, he runs after her, and tells her he will meet her at her front porch that evening. Because of his orders to travel to Washington, Custer misses his meeting with her. Once in Washington, Custer befriends General Winfield Scott  who aids him in being placed with the 2nd Cavalry. He becomes a war hero after disregarding his superiors\' orders in a crucial battle and successfully defending a bridge for the infantry to cross. He is awarded a medal while recovering in hospital after a shot to the shoulder, then gets leave to go home to Monroe, Michigan. He meets Libby again but angers her father, who had been a butt of his joking at a bar earlier in day. Custer returns to his regiment. Due to a miscommunication from the war department, he is promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. He takes command of the Michigan Brigade at Gettysburg, wins the day, and many victories follow him all the way to Appomattox. Upon returning home to Monroe as a hero, Custer marries Libby and they set up a house together. However, Custer is bored with civilian life and has begun to drink. Libby visits Custer\'s friend General Scott and asks him to assign Custer to a regiment again. He agrees, and Custer is given a Lt. Colonel\'s commission in the Dakota Territory, where he will ultimately be involved in the Battle of Little Big Horn, later also called "Custer\'s Last Stand". When Custer and Libby arrive in the Dakota Territory, Custer finds the soldiers he is supposed to lead are drunken, rowdy good-for-nothings. An old enemy from West Point, Ned Sharp ([[Arthur Kennedy , is running the bar in town, as well as the General Store which is providing firearms to the local Native Americans. Furious, Custer shuts down the bar and teaches his troops a song, "Garryowen", which brings fame to the 7th Cavalry. They have many engagements with Dakota leader Crazy Horse . Crazy Horse wants peace but wants a treaty to protect the Black Hills. Custer and Washington sign the treaty. The new treaty is almost bankrupting Sharp\'s trading posts so they spread a rumor of discovery of rich gold deposits in the area, to get Euro-American settlers to stream into the Black Hills. Custer and his troops will permit no infraction of the treaty. However, Sharp gives the troops each a bottle of liquor right before they are supposed to report, and they embarrass Custer by riding past Commissioner Taipe  while drunk. Custer hits Taipe in anger and is relieved of his command. On the train home, Custer hears from Libby about Sharp\'s attempts to start a gold rush in the Black Hills, a plan that would bring lots of business to Sharp\'s shipping line. Outraged, Custer takes the information to the U.S. Congress, but they ridicule him. When news arrives that the presence of gold miners has led to open conflict between Native Americans and U.S. troops, Custer appeals to President Ulysses S. Grant who restores to him command of the 7th. On the day of "Custer\'s Last Stand", Custer realizes that a group of infantry will march into a valley where thousands of Native Americans stand ready to fight them. Knowing the infantry won\'t have a chance, he says a tearful goodbye to Libby and leads his battalion into the battle to save the infantry. Arrows fly and horses trample across the valley, and all are killed, including Sharp, who had elected to ride with the regiment to, as Custer puts it, "Death or glory. It depends on one\'s point of view", and who admits with his last breath that Custer may have been right about glory and money when he said that "At least you can take [glory] with you". Custer himself is finally downed by a gunshot from Crazy Horse. In the film, the battle is blamed on unscrupulous corporations and politicians craving the land of Crazy Horse and his people. Custer is portrayed as a fun-loving, dashing figure who chooses honor and glory over money and corruption. Though his "Last Stand" is probably treated as more significant and dramatic than it may have actually been, Custer follows through on his promise to teach his men "to endure and die with their boots on." In the movie\'s version of Custer\'s story, a few corrupt white politicians goad the western tribes into war, threatening the survival of all white settlers in the West. Custer and his men give their lives at Little Bighorn to delay the Indians and prevent this slaughter. A letter left behind by Custer absolves the Indians of all responsibility.'] ['In 1925 Sydney, Caddie leaves her adulterous and brutish husband and takes her two children, Ann and Terry, with her. Forced to work as a barmaid in a pub she struggles to survive. A brief affair with Ted  ends badly, but she falls in love with a Greek immigrant, Peter . Peter has to return to Greece to face family obligations. Caddie runs out of money and goes to work as a barmaid. Peter sends letters from Greece and Caddie has to evade police as she works for an SP bookie. Peter asks her to come to Athens but she decides to stay.{{cite news}}'] ["Fourteen-year-old Diana Barrymore is being raised by her domineering mother, a poet. Her father, the famed actor John Barrymore, has not laid eyes on Diana for 10 years, but they share an evening on his boat before John abandons her again. At 18, Diana has become an actress and has a steady boyfriend, Lincoln Forrester. When a Hollywood contract comes her way, Diana's mother warns her not to live with John, now a washed-up alcoholic. She finds her father living in a nearly empty mansion, having sold or pawned his belongings to pay his bills. He keeps a bald eagle in a cage indoors and has a servant, Gerhardt, who must physically knock out John to put him to bed. Diana's famous name gains her some publicity, but her performances are panned. Her new husband, actor Vince Bryant, is away a lot, so Diana turns to drink and leaves Vince for tennis player John Howard. When her father dies alone, a penniless and often drunk Diana and her husband move in with her mother, who can only stand so much before making them leave. After marrying again, this time to recovering alcoholic Bob Wilcox, she discovers after her mother's death that she has been left no inheritance. Diana takes demeaning jobs, including a striptease. She becomes violent and is hospitalized. Her only hope at salvation is an offer to write her memoirs, and old friend Linc returns to her life, offering some badly needed kindness."] ['In 1976, Renée Richards is on the tennis court as a professional tennis player. The film flashes back to 1964, when Renée Richards is an eye surgeon named Richard Radley . Radley has a successful career and a fiancée, but secretly cross-dresses at night. Unable to speak with his mother Sadie , who is a psychiatrist, Radley consults his own psychiatrist, Dr. Beck , who advises him to grow a beard. This strategy works temporarily until Radley is drafted into the Navy, which does not allow beards. Following his discharge and a failed marriage, Radley undergoes gender reassignment surgery and becomes Renée. Renée relocates to California, resumes her career as a surgeon and begins dating. After playing in a local tennis tournament in La Jolla, Renée is outed as transgender by a television reporter. In the ensuing controversy, Renée takes the United States Tennis Association to court, where she secures her right to play professional tournament tennis as a woman without being subjected to chromosome testing.'] ['As a result of General George S. Patton\'s  decision to use former Nazis to help reconstruct post-World War II Germany , General Dwight Eisenhower  removes him from that task and reassigns him to supervise "an army of clerks" whose task is to write the official history of the U.S. military involvement in World War II.Plot summary at Yahoo! Movies Shortly thereafter, on December 9, 1945 , Patton is involved in an automobile accident that seriously injures his spinal column, paralyzing him. As he lies in his hospital bed, he flashes back to earlier pivotal moments in his life, including stories his father told him of his grandfather\'s service during the American Civil War which inspired him to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, his marriage to his wife Beatrice , and his championing of the use of tanks in the United States Army.Patton plot summary at The Internet Movie Database President Harry S. Truman and other government officials, not wanting Patton to die on German soil, order him transferred to a stateside hospital. Preparations, including a full plaster body cast, are made, but Patton dies of an embolism on December 21, 1945.'] ['Tony Fitzjohn  has just come to work on Kora, a lion preserve, for two elderly brothers, George and Terrence Adamson . On the first day Fitzjohn goes against George’s advice and is nearly mauled by a lion. Being informed this is how the last person to fill his position came to be killed, he writes the whole place off as crazy and decides to leave. With a last minute change of heart, and a lion cub brought in from a zoo for him to train and reintroduce into the wild he soon discovers his life’s true calling. Years pass and Kora’s lions are being picked off by herdsmen one by one with bullets and poison and the elephants and rhinos are being poached at an alarming rate for their tusks and horns. The Adamson brothers are expending all of their energies in protecting the wildlife but can hardly compete; as Fitzjohn observes “A ranger may make 800 shillings a month but a poacher will pay him 10,000 just to turn his back for a day”. The odds seem to be insurmountable as the poachers pile in and the animal death toll rises while the local government decides that it doesn’t really want a wildlife preserve at all.'] ['Ann  is a young girl who has been living in an orphanage since infancy. She is disliked and spurned by the other children, and treated coldly by the orphanage administrators—the reason for this, however, is unclear. She is told by the orphanage cook Black Cindy  during a palm-reading that she will be cursed until she is married. Ann\'s stay at the orphanage is an endless series of unhappy circumstances; she steals a doll belonging to a popular girl named Goldie , then accidentally breaks the doll, thereby adding to her loneliness and misery. One day, while the children are napping, a fire breaks out in the orphanage and Ann heroically saves Goldie from the flames.Hoodoo Ann at Yahoo! Movies Impressed with Ann\'s selflessness, a kindly couple, Samuel and Elinor Knapp  take her in and later adopt Ann. Ann immediately becomes smitten with a neighbor boy named Jimmie Vance  and the two youths begin courting. Believing that her "curse" is coming to an end, Ann attends a motion picture with Jimmie. Enthralled by the action-filled western film she had witnessed, the following day Ann is inspired to imitate the film\'s main character Pansy Thorne while playing with a gun. Unbeknownst to Ann, the gun is loaded and a round goes off and the stray bullet enters a neighbor\'s house. Ann tentatively peers through the window and is shocked to see her neighbor, Bill Higgins ([[Charles Lee  lying on the floor. Believing she killed Mr. Higgins, Ann is despondent, sure that the curse is still upon her and fearful that Jimmie will never marry her now that she has committed murder.The New York Times Movies: Hoodoo Ann After tearfully confessing to her "crime" and a subsequent investigation into the peculiar disappearance of the body of Mr. Higgins, the town is shocked when Mr. Higgins returns home several days later and reveals that he had simply left town to avoid his wife\'s incessant nagging. Overjoyed, Jimmie and Ann marry and the "hoodoo" is lifted. But the wedding ceremony is not entirely a happy affair; Ann appears distracted and pensive throughout, leaving the viewer to wonder if she perhaps believes that the curse is still upon her.AFI Catalog: Silent Films'] ['{{Expand section}} The film tells the story of songwriter Stephen Foster, who wrote the song "Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair" from which the title is taken.'] ["Ernie Davis ([[Rob Brown  is a young African American growing up in Pennsylvania with his same-age uncle Will Davis Jr. , in the late 1940s during a time of racism and discrimination. Davis lives with his extended family, including his grandfather, Willie 'Pops' Davis , who guides and educates him. Davis' mother, Marie Davis , eventually returns to their residence to inform the family that she has remarried and can now afford to raise Ernie at her own home in Elmira, New York. Upon relocating to Elmira, Davis enrolls in a Small Fry Football League and excels on the field as a running back with help of critical blocks from Gil ([[Michael Mannix . At the start of the 1959 college football season, Davis immediately excels playing for the varsity team, to lead Syracuse to victories over several college football teams. After Syracuse defeats UCLA to conclude the regular season undefeated, the team decides by choice to play the 2nd ranked Texas Longhorns in the Cotton Bowl Classic. During the game on January 1, 1960, Davis boldly attempts to lead his team to victory but is hampered by an injured leg and biased officiating. Towards the end of the game, Davis scores a crucial touchdown to preserve a Syracuse lead. The matchup concludes with a victory for Syracuse, and its first national championship. The film's epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that Davis died on May 18, 1963 at the age of 23; while in condolence, President Kennedy expresses sympathy for Davis' fine character as a citizen and an athlete."] ["The film opens with a foreshadow to moments after the shooting. This is quickly followed by a scene with Valerie Solanas  in custody for the shooting of Andy Warhol . The film then takes us back to a time when Valerie is living in New York and prostituting herself for a living. A series of further flashbacks point to her difficult childhood, and success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie , she meets Candy Darling , who in turn introduces her to Andy Warhol. Meanwhile, Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias , the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her interests. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. The film then steps ten years into the future, where Warhol gets frightened when he sees Valerie by a near car staring angrily at him while he and some friends are entering a nightclub, and finds that she suddenly disappears once a bus passes the car."] ['As the camera pans over the intricate carving on the infamous, "Black Chair," the voice of the Archdruid Dyfed is heard vainly summoning the poet, who sign his work with the nom de plume, "Fleur-de-lis," to stand and be Chaired. The film then flashes back to 1913. As a farmer\'s son in the village of Trawsfynydd, Ellis Humphrey Evans composes poetry for local eisteddfodau under the bardic name Hedd Wyn . A friend and student minister William Morris , advises Ellis that his verse possesses a passion which better educated poets lack. Therefore, with more work and less womanizing, Ellis could win the National Eisteddfod. Ellis smiles and quips, "Where do you think all that passion comes from?" Meanwhile, international tensions rise and the British Army installs an artillery range on a local hillside, much to Ellis\' annoyance. In August 1914, Britain declares war on the German Empire. Soon after at a street gathering in the village, an Anglican minister gives a rowsing sermon which demands immediate enlistment. Disgusted, William Morris calls the Anglican minister, "a disgrace to his calling," and tells those nearby not to be deceived. In spite of this, several young men from Trawsfynydd join the British Army, including Ellis\' friend Griff Jones . Despite mounting pressure, Ellis refuses to enlist and states that he doesn\'t think he can kill anyone. As a result, Ellis\' fiancée, Lizzie Roberts , accuses him of being, "afraid of becoming a man." At a fair, Ellis attempts to mend his relationship with Lizzie, only to find that she has taken up with an English soldier. "It is nothing personal," she says coldly, "I just don\'t like your clothes." Later, in the village pub, Ellis, Moi Davies  are giving Griff, who is now in uniform, a send-off. As a fellow villagers sing the recruiting song, Your King and Country Want You in their honor, Lizzie appears in the pub\'s doorway. Ellis spots her and begins to loudly sing Myfanwy, a song with implications of female betrayal. Sensing Lizzie\'s distress, her new beau punches Ellis in the face, screaming, "You\'re upsetting the lady! Welsh bastard!" While riding a train, Ellis encounters Jini Owen , a young woman who admires his poetry. Noticing her interest in him, Ellis asks for Jini\'s address and sends her a letter. Soon the two are deeply in love. Simultaneously, Ellis develops a close friendship with Mary Catherine Hughes , the young woman who is his sister\'s teacher. He explains to her that, whenever a poem is lacking, he will cast it into the river, and that it will always return to him stronger. On a railway journey with Jini, Ellis encounters two hideously disfigured war veterans. Despite his sympathy for their plight, the soldiers accuse Ellis of cowardice for remaining a civilian. As he and Jini depart, they threaten to mail him a white feather. Ellis quips, "You don\'t have any wings, let along feathers." Ultimately, Lizzie returns to the village with tuberculosis. After a church service, she informs Ellis that he was right about the war, which is a curse. Later, as Lizzie lays dying, Ellis visits her sickbed and promises to bring her to the National Eisteddfod. Soon after, an official of the draft board arrives at the family farm and takes down the names of Ellis and his brother Bob, despite the resistance of Ellis\' mother . As a result, the Crown informs the Evans family that one of their sons must join the British Army. Although seventeen year old Bob longs to enlist instead, Ellis refuses to permit this. Horrified of losing him, Jini pleads with Ellis to led Bob enlist in his place. Enraged, Ellis states that, if Bob were injured or killed, he could never live with himself. With Jini seeing him off, Ellis departs by train join the Royal Welch Fusiliers in Liverpool. Despite the insults showered on them by their English-speaking drill sergeant, Ellis and his fellow Fusiliers continue their training in good spirits and are sent to France. Facing what may be his last chance to win the Eisteddfod, Ellis pleads with his platoon commander to send his awdl Yr Arwr  via the Army Postal Service. The young officer, who is unable to read Welsh, at first refuses, suspecting the poem to be a coded message to the Germans. Eventually he relents, mails Ellis\' submission, and praises him as "The Armageddon Poet." On 31 July 1917, the Fusiliers go over the top and into the Battle of Passchendaele. Crawling through swampy shell holes filled with corpses, Ellis witnesses his fellow soldiers being shot and blown to pieces around him. At last, he is wounded by shrapnel and crumples to the ground. After hours of lying in no man\'s land, Ellis is evacuated to an aid post, where he succumbs to his injuries. His devastated parents receive a telegram which carries news of Ellis\' death. Jini weeps inconsolably as she reads Ellis\' last letter, in which her beloved used a poem to propose marriage. Mary Catherine, in a last tribute to her friend, casts the manuscript to Ellis\' poem Rhyfel  into the river. The Evans family receives another telegram which announces that Ellis\' submission has won the National Eisteddfod. To the sound of R. Williams Parry\'s Englynion coffa Hedd Wyn, the Chair which Ellis has dreamed of all his life is delivered to his parents\' farmhouse robed in black.'] ["Tom Horn's life is covered from his early days as an army scout, to his time as a Pinkerton agent, concluding with the events surrounding his death by hanging in 1903."] ['{{Plot}} Joan is shown being burned at the stake; however, it happens fast, as the flames quickly engulf her and she disappears. The plotline then tells the story of how she came to this. Ten years earlier, Joan, as a little girl, confesses her sins in church two or three times a day. The priest asks after her family; concluding all is well at home, he decides she is only unusually religious. She skips out of the church, glad to be forgiven by God and Jesus. Wandering away from her village, she has a somewhat violent and supernatural vision. She returns to find her village burning. Her sister, Catherine tries to protect her by hiding her inside a closet before the English arrive at their house. The Englishman sees Catherine and forces himself on her but she valiantly fights him off. Frustrated he takes out his sword and stabs her in her stomach, pinning her to the wall. Catherine\'s now lifeless body is further desecrated and raped repeatedly as Joan watches in horror. She survives the attack, and goes to live with her distant relatives; she confesses to the priest that she wants to forgive her enemies, as the Bible teaches, but she cannot. Many years later, at Chinon, the Dauphin and soon to be King of France Charles VII receives a message from Joan, requesting an army to lead into battle. Charles VII thinks he should let her come, but his advisers say she may be an assassin. The king\'s mother-in-law, Yolande of Aragon says Joan should be seen because the people believe she can save France from the English. Joan arrives at Chinon, and right away Charles VII is warned again that she could be an assassin. Charles VII comes up with the plan to let someone else pretend to be him; that way if she is an assassin she will kill the wrong man, and if she is truly sent by God she will know who the real future king is. Joan stands before the throne, but tells the man sitting there, the young Jean d\'Aulon, that he is a good man but is not Charles VII. The court chamberlain Trémoille, who had just earlier announced Jean d\'Aulon falsely as Charles VII, tells her that the real Dauphin is among the crowd and to go pick him out by herself. Walking slowly through the crowded room, she finds Charles VII in the corner; Charles\' three senior knights  put their daggers to her throat. Joan tells Charles "I have a message from the King of Heaven for you, and you only", and in a private audience, explaining her visions, declares that she is to lead the French Army to victory against the English, and predicts that only then will he become the King of France. The royal court, still reluctant to give Joan an army to command, wants additional proof that she has been sent by God. A specially appointed group of women first proceeds to verify her claim of maidenhood. The testing continues as they question whether her knowledge of warfare is good enough to command an army. To additional demands of extraordinary kinds of proof she replies that she did not come to perform tricks; the fact that she has travelled through enemy territory in her journey to Chinon without being killed should suffice. Joan, clad in armour and equipped with a long white banner, leads the French army to the besieged city of Orléans, which is under the military command of Jean de Dunois, the Bastard of Orleans. Joan arrives with her attendant Aulon and the senior knights the Duke of Alençon, Gilles de Rais and La Hire. Standing in front of a rough model of the city and its surroundings, Joan points to the Boulevard des Tourelles, suggesting an attack there. Dunois and the other senior knights say her plan is reckless and makes no sense, and Dunois even admits that they are not used to taking orders from a girl. An infuriated Joan slaps a chuckling La Hire and, with the help of Aulon, cuts her hair short like a man\'s. She has a letter to the English transcribed, politely requesting their surrender. The English Captain shouts out the response: "Go fuck yourself!" The commanders show their skepticism of Joan\'s leadership by starting next morning\'s battle for the stockade at St Loup without her. By the time she arrives on the battlefield, the French soldiers are already retreating. Furious at her soldiers\' disobedience, she ends the retreat and leads her army into another charge. Her horse leaps into the fort and she lowers the drawbridge, allowing her army to rush inside and take it. Afterwards, the French salvage an English trebuchet, to the delight of the French knight Xaintrailles, who claims it as his own. With the fort taken, they find the Tourelles, a small but impressive stronghold commanded by Sir William Glasdale, that will be much more difficult to take. Joan gives the English another chance to surrender, which they refuse. Dunois and the senior knights begin tactical planning in St. Augustins church, before the Tourelles fortifications. However, Joan hastily leads the French soldiers to the Tourelles, where the prepared English defenders inflict heavy casualties on the French attackers. While climbing a ladder to the fort, Joan gets shot in the chest with an arrow. The siege is brought to a halt by the order of an enraged Dunois; Joan pulls out the embedded arrow herself and collapses. The seriousness of her wounds causes great concern within the French army. She rises before the troops the next morning, and to their delight, leads them in a second attack. An English siege tower falls and the drawbridge is broken, granting access to the outer fort. An improvised battering ram of a cart filled with logs is brought to bear on the great door of the inner fort. They break in; amid the slaughter of the final stand, Joan has another vision, this one of Jesus screaming and bleeding violently from the head. Joan feels conflicted with the victory, uneasy about all the deaths that took place. She even prevents an English prisoner from being executed. The English army regroups on the other side of the river, and the French and English armies move to face each other on a large open grassy field. Joan rides alone towards the English and shouts out to them that this is their chance to surrender and return to England. English archers move forward, which prompts French archers to ready themselves. Mounted English knights then move forward, and then suddenly turn, and slowly ride away. The English infantry follow suit. The French cheer; Joan has freed Orléans. Informed of the victory, the Duke of Bedford, regent for the still under-aged King Henry VI of England, says he wants Joan of Arc burned. Joan returns to Reims to witness the solemn, splendid and emotional coronation of Charles VII of France. Her military campaigns continue to the walls of Paris. Her 10,000 reinforcements never arrive, and the siege to take back the city is a failure. She tells King Charles VII to give her another army, but he wants her only to go home, explaining that he now prefers diplomacy over warfare to achieving France\'s aims and that her services are therefore no longer required. Convinced by Yolande of Aragon that Joan has become a political nuisance, Charles conspires to get rid of Joan by letting her get captured by enemy forces. She is taken prisoner by the pro-English Burgundians at Compiègne. She briefly meets the Duke of Burgundy, who sells her to the English. When Joan is transferred to Rouen, a French city still under English occupation, a mysterious bearded man in black robes and hood, dubbed "The Conscience" in the script, suddenly appears, and as suddenly vanishes, after questioning her visions, her motivations, and beliefs. Charged with the serious religious crime of heresy, stemming from her dubious claim of receiving visions and signs from God, she appears in an ecclesiastical court proceeding that is clearly being forced upon the Christian church by the English occupational government. She refuses to take an oath, declaring it runs contrary to her beliefs. Her defiance causes uproar in the courtroom, and Pierre Cauchon, the Bishop of Beauvais, decides that the case should be heard privately. The English tells Cauchon that the church must quickly condemn and execute Joan for heresy because English soldiers are afraid to fight while she remains alive. The Bishop demurs, expressing his concern about the possibility of wrongfully condemning and executing a Christian girl who might have truly received visions and signs from God. Joan\'s "Conscience" appears in her cell and continues to question her. He shows her dramatizations of mundane circumstances leading to a sword appearing in a field, and then a miraculous evocation of a shining sword descending from the heavens to the strains of an invisible angelic choir and orchestra. Of all the possibilities, you chose this one, he says. About to be burned for heresy, Joan is distraught that she will be brought before God without having given her confession, and the Bishop Cauchon plays upon this, requiring that she signs a written recantation of her visions and signs from God before he can hear her confession. The "Conscience" tells Joan that she has just signed away God\'s existence and that she has abandoned God. The relieved Bishop shows the signed written recantation to the English and tells them that Joan can no longer be burned as a heretic and that now only the English government, and not the Church, can turn her into a martyr. The frustrated English devise another way to have Joan executed by the church instead of by them. English soldiers go into Joan\'s cell room, rip her clothes and give her men\'s clothing to wear. They tell Cauchon that she conjured a spell to make the new clothing appear, which suggests that she is an evil witch who must be burned immediately. Although suspecting that the English may have forced the new clothes on Joan, a disappointed Cauchon nonetheless abandons Joan to her fate, reneging on his promise to hear her confession. The "Conscience", however, offers to hear her last confession: her signs were only what she wanted to believe and were not sent by God; she had fought in the name of revenge for her sister\'s death; she admits that she had been selfish and cruel. Joan is slowly burned alive in the marketplace of Rouen.'] ['Film follows the rise of Sammy Gravano in ranks of NY Cosa Nostra, his turning to government witness in legal trials of John Gotti and his life in Witness protection program. The film is based on the book about Gravano titled Underboss written by Peter Maas. Main source of information was Gravano himself.'] ['Engaged by a magazine to write an investigative article on publisher Hugh Hefner\'s nightclub chain, Ms. Steinem  poses as a young girl named "Marie" and enters the Bunny training program at the New York Playboy club. Outfitted with phony ears, fuzzy tail and revealing costume, Gloria learns the proper method of serving drinks  and how to fend off customers who ignore Hefner\'s "look but don\'t touch" policy. She also concludes that being a sex object, even a chaste one, is depressingly demeaning—an "awakening".'] ["The film begins during the late 1960s  at the House of Lords, with Lord Longford, a regular prison visitor, presiding over a reception for a number of ex-convicts whom he had visited and corresponded with when they were incarcerated. He receives a letter from one of the most notorious criminals in Britain, the so-called Moors Murderer Myra Hindley, who is several years into her life sentence for taking part in the murder of three children with her boyfriend, Ian Brady. When he visits her, she asks for books but also for him to arrange for her to meet Brady. Longford is shocked and tells her that it would be in her own best interests to have no contact with Brady, as it might harm any future chances of parole. Hindley seems equally shocked at the idea that she would ever be allowed parole. Longford then begins his campaign for Hindley to be paroled. The question remains of whether Hindley is indeed reformed &mdash; for example, in her decision to convert to Longford's own Roman Catholic faith &mdash; or whether she is merely manipulating him and feigning her rehabilitation in an attempt to bring herself closer to release. Longford visits Brady twice; on both occasions, Brady tells him that she is manipulative and that he should turn his back on her. Longford, driven by his deep religious belief that all people are ultimately good, decides to continue on his course, despite heavy public, political, and family criticism and even though it turns out that Hindley has not been honest with him. In 1986 she reveals that she and Brady were responsible for two further murders. Even as Hindley's revelations sparked yet more public hostility towards Longford for trying to win her release, he remains loyal to Hindley and continues to back her campaign for release. He is last seen visiting her in prison in the late 1990s, by which time Longford is frail and more than 90 years old, while Hindley is still in her 50s but in a declining state of health. As the film ends and just before the credits start to roll, we are informed that Longford died in August 2001, while Hindley never got the parole that she spent a generation fighting for and remained imprisoned until her death in November 2002."] ["The film, in two parts, begins in 1876 when the Terry-Gibbon column relieves the remnants of the 7th Cavalry that had survived the Battle of the Little Bighorn. They discover Custer's battalion has been annihilated, and the film 'flashes back' and tells Custer's story from the point of view/narrative of his wife, Elizabeth, beginning with the Kansas campaign of the mid-1860s. Concurrently, the Indian perspective is told through the narrative of Kate Bighead, a young Cheyenne woman, who encountered Custer on several occasions. Kate Bighead's narrative is also used to describe events like the Fetterman Massacre and the Battle of Washita River, as is Elizabeth Custer's, to provide a balanced point of view."] ['Red Nichols  is a small-town cornet player who moves to New York City in the 1920s and finds work in a band led by Wil Paradise . He meets and marries singer Bobbie Meredith , and the two form their own Dixieland band called "The Five Pennies" (a play on Nichols\' name, since a [[Nickel . As their popularity peaks, their young daughter Dorothy  contracts polio and the family leaves the music business, moving to Los Angeles. When Dorothy becomes a teen  she learns of her father\'s music career and persuades him go on a comeback tour. The tour borders on failure until several notable musicians from Nichols\' past appear to save the day.'] ['In nineteenth century France, the radical theories of Louis Pasteur  are dismissed by most doctors, particularly his most vocal critic, Dr. Charbonnet . Nonetheless, Pasteur carries on, with the assistance of a small group of loyal researchers, and finds a cure for anthrax. He also campaigns to have doctors wash their hands and sterilize their instruments before operating. When a frantic mother  brings him her son ([[Dickie Moore , who has been bitten by a rabid dog, Pasteur is persuaded to try out his untested treatment on the child. In the end, he is vindicated and honored.'] ['The movie focuses on Antwone "Fish" Fisher , a temperamental young man in the navy with a violent history. It is set in America in the 1990s. His father was killed before he was born and his teenage mother, Eva Mae Fisher, ended up arrested soon after and put in jail where she gave birth to him. He was then placed in an orphanage until she got out to claim him. When she never claimed him, Antwone was placed in a foster home at two years old ran by a religious couple Mr. and Mrs. Tate . There, Antwone faced abuse by Mrs. Tate mentally and physically for many years until he finally left the home at age fourteen. Living out on the streets for the next few years he decided to join the U.S. Navy to make something out of his life. However the rough life he had as child caused him to have a violent temper at this point. After getting into a fight with a fellow sailor, Antwone is sentenced to be demoted, fined, and restricted to the ship for 45 days. His commanding officer also orders him to go to psychiatric treatment. Antwone goes in to meet Dr. Jerome Davenport . Davenport attempts to get him to open up, but Antwone is at first extremely resistant. During his sessions, Antwone develops feelings for a fellow Naval personnel, Cheryl . Still getting into altercations, Davenport tries to explore Antwone\'s feelings for Cheryl to channel Antwone\'s feelings into something positive. Antwone finally goes on a date with Cheryl and establishes a relationship with her. While on leave in Mexico, Antwone\'s sexuality is called into question by a fellow personnel he had previously called an "Uncle Tom". The personnel\'s comments have an impact on Antwone and he gets into yet another fight. Antwone\'s thrown into jail. Davenport meets him in jail, where Antwone confided he was sexually abused as a child by Nadine Tate , a member of the Tate household. Later on, Antwone eventually reveals to Cheryl that he sees a shrink and they share their first kiss. At Thanksgiving dinner, Davenport advises Antwone to find his real family. Antwone refuses, but thanks Davenport before inviting him to a graduation ceremony. Following the graduation ceremony, Davenport tells Antwone he\'s ending the sessions and feels Antwone needs to progress on his own. Antwone breaks down and feels everyone has abandoned him. He reveals his best friend was killed during an attempted robbery and he resents his friend for leaving him behind. Realizing he needs to find his parents to find closure, Antwone asks Cheryl to go with him to Cleveland. After a dead end at social services Antwone decides to return to the Tate household. There he confronts an older Nadine and Mrs. Tate about their abuses toward him. Mrs. Tate ultimately reveals Antwone\'s father\'s name: Edward Elkins. After looking through multiple telephone books, Antwone comes into contact with his Aunt Annette  and visits her. Antwone learns his mother  lives nearby, and goes to visit her. She sits in silence after he reveals to her that he\'s her firstborn. Antwone finds closure, forgives her, and leaves. When he returns to the Elkins household, he finds a feast prepared for him and finds the family he lost. At the end of the film, Antwone visits Davenport and thanks him for everything. Davenport then replies that it is he who should be thanking Antwone. Davenport reveals to Antwone that he was slowly shutting down his life until the day he met Antwone. The movie draws to a close as Davenport and Antwone go to eat.'] ["In the era of the Mao's Cultural Revolution, 11-year-old Chinese boy Li Cunxin resides in a rural village commune in Shandong Province, destined to labour in the fields. As often occurred in those times, government officials fanning out across the nation seeking young candidates for centralized training arrive at this school. At first bypassed but selected after a plea by his teacher during the school visit, Li seems bewildered although piqued by the gruff preliminary inspection screening at the provincial capital city of Qingdao. Forwarded to a Beijing audition for a place in Madame Mao's Dance Academy, he is admitted for ballet training based on a series of physique and flexibility examinations. Years of arduous training follow, Li surpassing his initial lukewarm interest and mediocre performance after inspiration from senior teacher Chan . Later during the course of a groundbreaking cultural visit to China, American-based English ballet director Ben Stevenson, impressed by Li's standout talent, seeks him as an exchange student at his the Houston Ballet. Li's determined courage garners a formerly disparaging teacher to influence the Academy allow him the opportunity for a three-month stay in the United States. Li's encounters with US life cause questioning of the Chinese Communist Party dictates upon which he has been raised, and he begins a relationship with an aspiring American dancer, Elizabeth Mackey. Quickly attracting the attention of the local ballet scene, Li together with Stevenson requests a time extension in America, but the Chinese government refuses. Overwhelmed by the opportunities offered in America and in love with Mackey, Li is determined to stay. With legal advice that the Chinese government would recognize certain residence rights arising from an international marriage, Li and Mackey rush into a marriage. To declare personal responsibility for his decision and hopefully avoid consequences for his family and Stevenson, Li visits the Chinese Consulate in Houston. The Chinese resident diplomat forcibly detains Li in attempt to coerce his return to China. Unknown to Li, the situation quickly evolves when the media and high level government agents both in the US and China become involved. When Li perseveres in his refusal to repatriate, the Chinese Government agrees to release him but revokes his citizenship and declares he can never return to the land of his birth. Li and Elizabeth are set to depart for Florida but Li is persuaded to stay by Stevenson for his ballet company, dooming Elizabeth's prospects of dancing success. Burdened by this, plus concerned for and unable to communicate with his family, Cunxin continues to excel at dance, but his relationship with Elizabeth disintegrates and their marriage ends. Five years later, as a show of goodwill the Chinese government allows Li's parents to visit him in the US where they finally witness his performance of the The Rite of Spring and even reunite with him on stage. Li is eventually granted permission to visit China. Together with his new wife Mary McKendry , an Australian ballerina, and coming back to the village of his youth, he rejoins family and the former teacher Chan. Li and McKendry give an impromptu outdoor ballet performance with his wife to the village's uproarious cheer. Closing credits announce that: Li Cunxin danced in China with the Houston Ballet in 1995, a performance broadcast to an audience of over 500 million people. He and Mary McKendry now live in Australia with their three children. Ben Stevenson left the Houston Ballet after 27 years as Artistic Director. Acclaimed as one of the world’s leading choreographers, he is now Artistic Director of the Texas Ballet Theater. Charles C. Foster still practices law in Houston. He is recognized internationally as an authority on Immigration Law. Elizabeth Mackey  danced with the Oklahoma Ballet for some years. She is now a speech therapist, working mainly with children."] ['In 1987, Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey, is plagued with numerous problems, especially drugs and gang violence. Furthermore, the students scored poorly on the state\'s test of minimum basic skills. During the opening credits sequence, after a teacher is brutally beaten for trying to break up a fight and the state legislature has recently passed a law proclaiming that schools that cannot meet minimum test requirements will be put in receivership, Mayor Bottman  consults school superintendent Dr. Frank Napier , who suggests the school hire elementary school principal Joe Louis Clark, aka "Crazy Joe" , who was a teacher at Eastside High 20 years before, as the new principal. The mayor is reluctant at first as he knows about the trouble the radical Clark has caused in the past, but Clark is hired. Tension arises immediately when Clark dismisses from the school hundreds of students identified as drug dealers or abusers and troublemakers. A meeting between the parents of those students and the academic board only fans the flames. The next day, Clark runs into one of the expelled youths, Thomas Sams , who asks to be let back into the school. In a dramatic rooftop scene, Clark gives him a sharp lecture about crack and what can happen to Sams if he keeps on using it. Clark then dares Sams to commit suicide by jumping off the roof, but Sams, breaking down in tears, refuses and promises to clean up his act. Clark grants him a second chance to turn things around. However, another expelled student manages to get inside the school and attack another student before Clark comes to break up the fight. Knowing he is breaking the fire code, Clark orders all doors chained and locked during school hours to keep drug dealers out, and enlists security guards to keep the fire chief out of the school. Clark\'s unusual methods lead him to clash with numerous teachers and with his vice principal Mrs. Levias . He fires one teacher and suspends another for clashing with him in front of the students, though the suspension is reversed by the superintendent. The students take a practice version of the basic skills test, but only 33% of them pass it . Clark embarks on a campaign to prepare the students for the real test, culminating in a motivational assembly the morning of the exam. Over the school year, the students bond with Mr. Clark, not just as a principal, but as a father figure. Clark highly values school pride, and several times throughout the film insists that all students learn the school song and be able to perform it on demand. Meanwhile, one parent whose son was expelled from Eastside by Clark, Leona Barrett , aligns herself with the mayor in an effort to oust Clark. The fire chief eventually catches Clark with chains on the doors and Barrett makes a tape recording of him ordering them removed during a surprise inspection. Clark\'s arrest comes after a key scene involving Kaneesha , who remembers Clark from grade school. Clark is offering counsel about Kaneesha\'s unplanned pregnancy just before he is arrested. That night, while Clark is in jail and the mayor is preparing to remove him, the entire student body converges on the Central Office of the Paterson Board of Education. They demand that Clark be released from jail and retained as principal. Mrs. Barrett tries to convince the students that Clark has made too many wrong decisions and is not the right man to be principal of Eastside, and asks that they return to their homes before any trouble starts. The students claim that Clark cares for them and has done so much good that they will not accept anyone else as their principal, and shout down Mrs. Barrett with chants and cheers. Eventually, Clark is freed from custody, and to good news: enough students passed the basic skills exam, which means the current administration will retain control over the school. With that, Clark shuns both Mrs. Barrett and the mayor: "You can tell the state to go to hell!" Then Clark leads his students in singing Eastside High\'s school song. The closing credits feature scenes of graduating Eastside High Class of 1988 seniors, including Sams.'] ['In 1958, Françoise Sagan is 23 years old. Her first couple of novels have made her rich and famous. She lives an easy life, filled with sex and debauchery, surrounded by her group of friends. On the 8th of August that year, at the Casino in Deauville, she gambles her last chips on the number 8 and wins 8 million francs, with which, a couple of hours later, she buys the house which she rented, in nearby Honfleur. This makes her the owner of that property, and she vows that she will never leave the place. Why is she, 40 years later, living there all alone, as a recluse? What events made a young promising novelist end up all alone, without the ones she loved, and used, all those years? Note: This is an English translation of the French synopsishttp://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagan_%28film%29#Synopsis.5B1.5D supplied by the production company.'] ['Abe Lincoln leaves home for the first time, having been hired along with two of his friends by Denton Offut to take a load of pigs by water to New Orleans. When the boat overturns at the settlement of New Salem, Abe first sees and loses his heart to Ann Rutledge, the beautiful daughter of the local tavern keeper. Thus, when Denton later offers him a job at the store he has decided to set up in New Salem, Abe readily accepts. Abe discovers however that Ann already has a beau. Nonetheless, he settles in, making himself the most popular man around with his ready, good-natured humor, and taking lessons from schoolteacher Mentor Graham. When his rival for Ann\'s affections leaves to better himself, Ann waits for him for several years before admitting he has proved faithless. Abe seizes the opportunity to express his love for her; she is unsure of her feelings for him and asks for a little time. Alas, she dies soon after of "brain fever", telling Abe on her deathbed that she could have loved him. Abe is asked to run for the State Assembly. He reluctantly accepts and wins, but after his first term in Springfield, Illinois, he decides to study the law instead. When Mary Todd visits her sister Elizabeth Edwards and her wealthy, influential husband Ninian, a party is held in her honor. All the eligible bachelors show up, including Abe\'s fiercest political rival, Stephen Douglas. However, it is the homely, unpolished Abe who catches Mary\'s fancy, much to her sister\'s chagrin. Ambitious, Mary senses greatness in him and is determined to drive him to his rightful destiny, despite his lack of ambition. Abe does ask her to marry him, but changes his mind at the last minute, discomfited by her drive, and leaves town. After thinking things over, however, he asks for her hand again. She accepts. Years pass, and they have several children. With a presidential election looming, Abe\'s party is so split that none of the favorites is acceptable to all. The party leaders compromise on "dark horse" Abe Lincoln. He engages in a series of debates with Stephen Douglas, the opposing candidate. One of the main issues is slavery. In a stirring speech, Abe contends that "a house divided against itself cannot stand". He wins the election. As the film ends, Abe bids his friends goodbye and boards the train to go to Washington, DC.'] ["Branch Rickey, played by Edward Herrmann, is the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers who is determined to integrate Major League Baseball. He begins sending his scouts to Negro League games to find the best players. Rickey directs his scouts to look not only at playing ability but also at the players' maturity and capacity to withstand the hostility that is sure to be directed at the first black player in the Major Leagues. Robinson gradually comes to Rickey's notice both for his skills on the field and his personal background. Although Paige and Gibson are far more prominent, Rickey decides to pass them over, concerned about Paige's age and reports about Gibson's mental stability. Rickey makes history by signing Robinson to the first contract between a black man and a Major League Baseball franchise. This alienates Robinson from his two friends at first, until Paige enlists Robinson's help in getting Gibson temporarily released from a mental hospital so that the three men can all play in the annual exhibition game between the All-Stars of the Major Leagues and the Negro League. The game is rained out, but Paige and Gibson seem reconciled to Robinson's being signed ahead of them. The movie concludes by showing scenes from Robinson's successful career with the Dodgers, as well as Paige's later signing by the Cleveland Indians. Gibson died from a brain aneurysm at the age of 36 before he could ever play a game in the Major Leagues. All three men are later inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame."] ["Sgt. Ryker is charged with Korean War treason, court-martialed, prosecuted by Capt. David Young, convicted and sentenced to die. His wife, Ann, insists that Ryker received an inadequate defense. She believes her husband's story that he had been on a secret mission, assigned to it by a superior officer who has since died and can no longer vouch for him. Capt. Young is not only persuaded to get General Bailey's approval for a new trial, he volunteers to defend Ryker this time. A grateful Ryker ends up furious when he discovers a romantic attachment is developing between his wife and the captain. The new prosecutor, Maj. Whitaker, unearths new evidence damning to the defendant's case. At the last minute, though, Young produces a sergeant named Winkler who verifies Ryker's story, setting him free."] ["A mobster is hiding from the law in a small town and he's running out of money, so he robs a bank and rakes in some big bucks. However, now, not only are the cops after him, but so is the local mob boss who is jealous that an outsider pulled such a job in his territory, and especially without giving him a piece of the pie."] ['American burlesque performer Steve Martin  offers to play a song for his audience, if they agree to sing along. Only one person does sing, a young boy named Asa Yoelson . Steve is bowled over by the boy\'s voice, but Asa realizes he should be singing at the synagogue with his father, Cantor Yoelson . Asa arrives late, and is later reprimanded by his strict father. Asa is reluctant to explain where he was, but Steve Martin visits the Yoelsons\' home. He explains that he heard Asa sing at the burlesque house, and that he wants Asa to be part of his act. Papa Yoelson refuses to consider it. Asa is determined to be in the act, and runs away to Baltimore, where he is taken to a home for boys. The kindly superintendent, Father McGee , finds Steve Martin and notifies Asa\'s parents. When they appear, Asa tells them that he will keep running away until they allow him to go into show business. Asa\'s mother  believes that it would be better to give Asa what he wants than have him running away all the time. On stage, Asa gets bored with singing songs the same way all the time, and begins to improvise. When his voice suddenly breaks, he starts whistling instead, but is unhappy and wants to go home. Steve says that they can work on stage together - previously Asa has only stood in the audience. Asa changes his mind, and his name: he performs as Al Jolson . At a show, blackface entertainer Tom Baron  passes out drunk, and Al goes on in his place. Two theatrical entrepreneurs, Oscar Hammerstein  and Lew Dockstader ([[John Alexander , are in the audience. Dockstader realizes that it was really Al who was on stage, and hires him join his minstrel show. One night, Jolson is out walking when he hears the new, exciting jazz music; he enjoys it so much that he forgets that he has a show that night. Dockstader fires him. Al visits his parents, but does not stay long, because he receives a call from Tom Baron, who is now a theater manager. Baron invites Al to join his Broadway show. Al insists on choosing his own material, including his signature tune, "Mammy", and he becomes so popular that he becomes the leading player and takes the show on tour. At a Sunday night concert, Al meets an up-and-coming dancer named Julie Benson . It is love at first sight for Al, and only a few hours after meeting her, he proposes to her.  She agrees, although she does not love him yet. They marry during Al filming The Jazz Singer, by which time Julie has fallen in love with him. But Julie is not as fond of show business as he is; she wants to quit and settle down. Al persuades her to continue with it, and they star in a film together, but eventually Julie can\'t stand any more. Al admits that he would rather have her than show business, and he finally quits. They move to the country. Al refuses all job offers and absolutely will not sing, even for family and friends. But one night, they decide to celebrate the wedding anniversary of Al\'s parents. Papa Yoelson persuades him to sing for them, and then Tom Baron suggests they go to a nightclub and see an early floor show. Jolson is afraid of being recognized, but the crowd insists on a song. Although he tries to fob the crowd off, it is no use and he has to sing. Julie realizes he is happier than he has been in a long time, and decides to leave. She walks out of the picture, and out of his life, leaving Al to his first love: singing. A successful sequel, Jolson Sings Again, was released in 1949.'] ['In 1925, New York\'s governor, Al Smith, persuades state senator James J. "Jimmy" Walker that the Democratic Party needs him to run for mayor of New York City. A concern on Jimmy\'s part is his estrangement from wife Allie, but he discovers that she is willing to go along with his political aims. Under the guidance of Chris Nolan, his political mentor, Jimmy wins the election in a landslide. He later learns, though, that Allie has no intention of renewing their relationship. She is simply satisfied to be the great city\'s first lady. A drunken Jimmy is found on a park bench by Betty Compton, who takes him home, not knowing who he is. She scolds him for his behavior upon learning Jimmy is the mayor, and a mutual attraction develops. He uses his political connections to help find her a job. Such favors and graft become a focal point in 1929\'s reelection campaign, when opponent Fiorello LaGuardia mocks the mayor publicly and questions the current administration\'s integrity. Jimmy also goes bankrupt due to the stock market\'s crash, and Betty grows despondent over his inability or unwillingness to get Allie to consent to a divorce. Still popular with the public, Jimmy is reelected. He tries to bring Betty to his victory party, but it is against his colleagues\' wishes. Tired of being hidden, Betty attempts suicide. She is hustled out of the country by Chris and impulsively marries a man who has been courting her. The charges against Jimmy lead fellow Democrats to believe he could hurt Franklin D. Roosevelt\'s presidential hopes for 1932. Jimmy admits to having accepted bribes and favors, claiming all successful politicians do. His popularity erodes. Spectators at a Yankee Stadium baseball game boo him for the first time. Jimmy offers his resignation as mayor in a speech from the field. He decides to leave New York forever, whereupon Betty, after a quick divorce, intends to join him, married or not.'] ['The film begins in 1917 with the opening of the 1000th Woolworth store known as the Woolworth Tower. Barbara is seen with her family as her grandfather delivers a speech. After the commemoration, Frank Woolworth expresses his disappointment to his daughter that her husband Franklin Hutton was not present to celebrate the opening of the new store. Edna acknowledges that her husband is a philanderer, drunk, and gambler but replies to her father, "He\'s still happens to be Barbara\'s father." Later that night in their apartment at the Plaza hotel, Edna leaves Barbara a note under her pillow while she walks back to her room and drinks poison. Barbara wakes up after hearing a noise and finds her mother dead. During Christmas, Franklin tries to comfort his daughter by giving her a present before walking downstairs to have dinner with his in-laws. Barbara sneaks downstairs and overhears a loud argument between her grandfather and father as well as her father\'s own admission that he never wanted to have a child. Grandpa Woolworth decides to take matters into his own hands and brings Barbara to live in his Long Island estate, Winfield Hall. While Barbara enjoys the time she spends with her grandfather playing his organ her happiness is short lived as grandpa Woolworth dies in 1919. Fast forward to 1924 where Barbara is living with her aunt Grace in Burlingame, California, her father quickly drops by before leaving for San Francisco. Aunt Grace decides to invite some children to play with Barbara, however these kids are fascinated with Barbara\'s expensive toys and ask if they can each take one toy home. This leaves Barbara sobbing realizing that all people want from her is her money. Her governess Tiki hears the crying and immediately comes to comfort her. Not longer after Franklin returns to see Barbara and brings a surprise with him, his new wife Irene. Franklin has some sad news and tells Barbara that her grandmother just died. Barbara becomes an heiress and her stockbroker father will now manage her $28 million trust. In 1926, Franklin and Irene buy a duplex on fifth avenue and decide to buy one for Barbara as well. Even though her father lives next door, he sees very little of his daughter and continues with his partying lifestyle while Barbara is left all alone until her favorite cousin Jimmy comes to visit her. Now the year is 1930 and the scene is the Ritz Carlton hotel where Barbara\'s debutante party is being thrown, she meets many new friends including David Herbert and her future husband Prince Mdivani who immediately is infatuated with Barbara. Aunt Marjorie Merriweather Post decides to intervene by introducing Barbara to the handsome playboy Phil Plant and they dance the night away. Franklin quickly disproves of Phil in which Jimmy Donahue says, "Sounds familiar" referencing the same remarks that his late father-in-law made of him to his wife Edna. Franklin stops Barbara from seeing Phil and rushes her off to London where she will be presented at Buckingham Palace. While in London, Barbara receives an invitation to a party at the villa of matchmaker Elsa Maxwell in the resort town of Biarritz where she is reintroduced to the now newlyweds Louise Van Alen and Prince Mdivani. Louise soon becomes jealous that her husband spends most of his time alone with Barbara. All the while, Mdivani\'s sinister sister Roussie is devising a plan to have her brother divorce Louise and tap into Barbara\'s many more millions. One day when Barbara is out reading poetry she hears a song called a Million Dollar Baby and becomes furious when she learns that the lyrics are referring to her. She breaks the record and says, "How can the song be about me, they don\'t know anything about me. Doris Duke has more money, certainly more chin, Aunt Marjorie has more money." The episode ends with Barbara and Mdivani entering the pool house to make love and Roussie leading everyone down to the pool house where she opens the door and is "shocked" to find her brother and Barbara on a couch kissing each other. Louise is speechless and runs off.'] ["Manfred von Richthofen  is a German cavalry officer newly assigned to an air squadron under the command of Oswald Boelcke who quickly becomes an ace. His career is presented on screen intercut with scenes of another pilot across the lines, a Canadian pilot named Roy Brown who arrives at a British squadron, where the top scoring pilot is a Victoria Cross holder named Lanoe Hawker. The two pilots are very different; Brown ruffles the feathers of his squadron mates by refusing to drink a toast to von Richthofen, while von Richthofen awards himself silver trophies in honour of his kills and clashes with fellow pilot, Hermann Göring, when Boelcke is killed after a mid air collision and Richthofen assumes command of the squadron. While Brown becomes moody and depressed by his war service, Richthofen becomes outwardly energized by the war. Outraged by an order to camouflage his squadron's aircraft, he paints them in bright conspicuous colours, claiming that gentlemen should not hide from their enemies. The toll on both squadrons is highlighted when Richthofen is wounded during an aerial battle and Lanoe Hawker is killed. The war becomes personal for both when Brown and his squadron attack von Richthofen's airfield, destroying their aircraft on the ground. Revenge comes when von Richthofen, with the help of a batch of new fighters from Anthony Fokker launches a counter attack on the British airfield. The climax of the film  pits Brown and von Richthofen in an aerial combat with each other from which only one survives."] ["{{Plot}} In 1456, Charles VII, experiences dreams in which he is visited by Joan of Arc, the former commander of his army, burned at the stake as a heretic twenty-five years earlier. In the dream he tells Joan that her case was retried and her sentence annulled. He recalls how she entered his life as a simple, seventeen-year-old peasant girl; how she heard the voices of Saints Catherine and Margaret telling her that she would lead the French army against the English at the siege of Orléans and be responsible for having the Dauphin crowned king at Rheims cathedral. When Joan arrives at the Dauphin's palace at Chinon she discovers that he is a childish weakling with no interest in fighting. After being tested by the members of the court, who conclude that she is mad, Joan imbues the Dauphin with her belief and fervor and he gives her command of the army. Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander, hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor. The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices. In a moment of panic and worn down by the constant pressures applied by the Inquisitior, Joan signs a document of recantation in which she confesses that she pretended to hear revelations from God and the saints in the belief that this will result in her freedom to return to her life as a peasant girl. When she learns that the sentence of the Inquisition is her perpetual, solitary imprisonment, Joan destroys the document, refusing to face a life away from nature, the life that opened her spirit to hear God and the saints. She now believes that God wants her to come to him through the ordeal of being burned at the stake. After Joan is excommunicated, the English, weary of the Church's endless and delaying rituals decide that Joan can be executed long before the Vatican learns about it, and so orders his soldiers to drag Joan to the square to be burned. The Inquisitor chooses to look the other way and let the English burn her. Those who witness Joan's death are stricken with remorse. The King's dream continues as he and Joan are visited by other significant figures from her life. Growing weary of all the spirit visitors, Charles tells Joan he has dreamed of her long enough and returns to his bed and his troubled sleep."] ['The film follows big band leader Glenn Miller   from his early days in the music business in 1929 through to his 1944 death when the airplane he was flying in was lost over the English Channel during World War II. Prominent placement in the film is given to Miller\'s courtship and marriage to Helen Burger , and various cameos by actual musicians who were colleagues of Miller. Several turning points in Miller\'s career are depicted with varying degrees of verisimilitude, including: the success of an early jazz band arrangement; his departure from the Broadway pit and sideman work to front a band of his own; the failure of his first band on the road; and the subsequent re-forming of his successful big band and the establishment of the “Miller Sound” as typified by “Moonlight Serenade”. Also depicted is Miller’s international success touring his band in support of the Allies in World War II. There are several anachronisms in the picture. When the military band led by Miller is playing in front of General "Hap" Arnold, a B29 bomber is in the background; highly doubtful, since they were introduced in May 1944, and the parade seemingly is in 1942, just after Miller\'s induction into the Army. Also, the marching troops are desegregated, which didn\'t happen until 1948.'] ["The film sets in on November 25 1970, the last day in Mishima's life. He is shown finishing a manuscript. Then, he puts on a uniform he designed for himself and meets with four of his most loyal followers from his private army. In flashbacks highlighting episodes from his past life, the viewer sees Mishima's progression from a sickly young boy to one of Japan's most acclaimed writers of the post-war era . His loathing for the materialism of modern Japan has him turn towards an extremist traditionalism. He sets up his own private army and proclaims the reinstating of the emperor as head of state. The biographical parts are interwoven with short dramatizations of three of Mishima's novels: In The Temple of the Golden Pavilion, a stuttering aspirant sets fire to the famous Zen Buddhist temple because he feels inferior at the sight of its beauty. Kyoko's House depicts the sadomasochistic  relationship between an elderly woman and her young lover, who is in her financial debt. In Runaway Horses, a group of young fanatic nationalists fails to overthrow the government, with its leader subsequently committing suicide. Frame story, flashbacks and dramatizations are segmented into the four chapters of the film's title, named Beauty, Art, Action, and Harmony of Pen and Sword. The film culminates in Mishima and his followers taking a General of the Japanese armed forces as hostage. He addresses the garrison's soldiers, asking them to join him in his struggle to reinstate the emperor as the nation's sovereign. Faced with his proclamation being largely ignored and ridiculed, Mishima commits seppuku."] ['The film follows the events leading up to the capture of Geronimo in 1886. The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to settle on a U.S. Government approved reservation. Not all the Apaches are able to adapt to the life of corn farmers, and one in particular, Geronimo, is restless. Pushed over the edge by broken promises and unnecessary actions by the government, Geronimo and 30 other warriors form an attack team which humiliates the government by evading capture, while reclaiming what is rightfully theirs.'] ["The film follows the life of Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan . When Jinnah dies, he is taken to a heavenly anteroom where a decision will be made on his fate, but his file has gone missing, and the Guide must question him about his life to fill in his story. He tells of the key point in 1947, when India was about to get independence from Britain, and Jinnah advocated a separate nation in which the Muslims will be in the majority. Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi suggests Jinnah be made prime minister of the new India, as a compromise, but Jinnah rejects his suggestion and Nehru is handed the job. Jinnah's nemesis is Lord Louis Mountbatten, the British viceroy who opposes the idea of Pakistan. As well as this historical turning point, Jinnah recalls his youth, and formative relationships with his sister Fatima and his marriage to a former Parsi converted to Islam before marriage."] ['The story begins in 1913 in Denmark, when Karen Dinesen  asks her friend Baron Bror Blixen  to enter into a marriage of convenience with her. Although Bror is a member of the aristocracy he is no longer financially secure, therefore agrees to the marriage and the two of them plan to move to Africa to begin a dairy farm. Upon moving to British East Africa, Karen marries Bror in a brief ceremony, thus becoming Baroness Blixen. She meets and befriends various other colonial residents of the country, most of whom are British. She also meets Denys Finch Hatton , a local big-game hunter with whom she develops a close friendship. However, things turn out differently for her than anticipated, since Bror has used her money to purchase a coffee plantation rather than a dairy farm. He also shows little inclination to put any real work into it, preferring instead to become a game hunter. Although theirs was a marriage of convenience, Karen does eventually develop feelings for Bror, but is distressed when she learns of his extramarital affairs. To make matters worse, Karen contracts syphilis from her philandering husband  and is forced to return to Denmark for a long and difficult period of treatment using the then-new medicine Salvarsan. Bror agrees to look after the plantation in her absence. After she has recovered and returns to Africa, the First World War is drawing to an end. However, it becomes clear that her marriage to the womanizing Bror has not changed and she eventually asks him to move out of their house. Her friendship with Denys then develops further and the two eventually become lovers. However, despite many unsuccessful attempts to turn their affair into a lasting relationship, she realizes that Denys is as impossible to own or tame as Africa itself. Denys prefers the simple "African customs" of the free, nomadic life of the Maasai tribe on the open landscape, rather than the European customs of luxury, ownership, and titles. Although he moves into Karen\'s house, he criticizes her desire to "own" things; even people, refuses to commit to marriage or give up his free lifestyle and tells her that he will not love her more just because of a piece of paper. Karen grudgingly accepts the situation. No longer able to have children of her own due to the effects of the syphilis, she decides to open a school to teach reading, writing, arithmetic, and also some European customs to the African tribal children of the area. However, her coffee plantation runs into financial difficulties and she is forced to rely on bank loans to make ends meet. Although it has taken years to cultivate, the plantation finally yields a good harvest, but a devastating fire breaks out on the plantation and the crop and all of the factory equipment are destroyed. Now broke, and with her relationship with Denys over, Karen prepares to leave Africa to return home to Denmark, just as British East Africa is becoming Kenya Colony. She arranges to sell everything that she owns and empties the house of all her luxurious items for a rummage sale. In the now empty house, Denys visits her that night and the two of them have one last dance. He promises to return in a few days, to fly her to Mombasa in his biplane to begin her journey home. However, Denys never returns and Karen is told that his plane has crashed and he has been killed. Her loss now complete, Karen attends his funeral in the Ngong Hills. With Denys gone, Karen\'s head servant, Farah, takes her to the station, for the train to Mombasa. Karen later became an author and a storyteller, writing about her experiences and letters in Africa, though she never returned there.'] ['The young Catholic Gerald Bull is fascinated with large-bore guns, inspired by Jules Verne\'s novel From The Earth To The Moon. The adult Dr. Gerald Bull\'s career as a successful large-bore gun designer takes a turn as he is defunded by the U.S. Army; he then produces weapons for China, Israel, and ultimately South Africa which results in his arrest and conviction for illegal arms dealing. After his release, Bull promotes his supergun idea to Saddam Hussein, and, with funding through BCCI, begins design work on the top secret project, "Babylon". Bull solves several manufacturing challenges by forging and assembling it in sections which are bolted together by flanges, and lining the relatively soft barrel material with an alloy sleeve to reduce wear on the barrel. British and U.S. government agencies are shown to be aware of Bull\'s activities, but do nothing to stop him. The Israeli Mossad tries to dissuade Bull, and goes so far as to threaten his life, with no effect. As the "Baby Babylon" version of the gun is assembled and tested successfully horizontally in Iraq, Bull\'s second in command, Cowley, quits after a roadside run-in with Mossad agent Dov, who also shadowed Bull. The Iraqis demand an additional, 45-degree, test of the prototype gun, using threats to coerce Bull into compliance. That completed test firing results in a direct hit on a target 100 miles away, and Bull brags that the full size "Babylon" gun can fire "ten times as far." As production of the full-size sections of the gun continues in England and elsewhere, falsely documented as oil pipeline parts in order to evade export restrictions, the film depicts increasing threats to Bull\'s life from Hussein, and the Mossad agent Dov. As the gun nears completion, Bull, while returning home, is gunned down at his apartment, where his body is discovered by his wife. The end text crawl states that Dr. Bull\'s murder was unsolved, and that the U.S. contributed over $3 billion to Iraq in the years preceding the first Gulf War.'] ['Then clerk for Texas Congressman Richard Kleberg, Lyndon Johnson  runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn , who is sure he will work beside Johnson in the future. Johnson then runs off with his boss\'s Cadillac, driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson  at the home of her father in Texas. They both drive back to Washington, D.C., and have a bad run-in with Kleberg\'s standoffish wife, who thinks he is sabotaging her husband for his own political gain. After being fired by the Congressman , Johnson wakes up one morning to find that another Congressman has died, leaving the seat vacant. He prods a local judge who is very politically connected, Judge Alvin Wirtz , into giving him a chance to run for Congress. Judge Wirtz tells Johnson that the former Congressman\'s widow might run for the seat, and that he\'ll need $10,000 just to make it a contest. Lady Bird Johnson\'s father provides the $10,000, and gets confirmation that the widow will not run. Johnson then tours the hill country of Texas, bringing along his father and his wife to campaign. He promises that he shall provide services such as power and running water to the people, and goes stumping, pushing harder and harder. It is after a gruelling schedule and many, many cigarettes and Milk of Magnesia bottles later that the pain is so great in his abdominal area that Johnson collapses. Lady Bird appears at the bedside of her husband, who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating. When he awakens, she tell him that he had won the election and calls him \'Congressman\'. Johnson is then shown inside the Capitol, taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn, leaving his wife as the elevator doors close. Johnson receives a phone call that his father had died, and he goes to Texas for his funeral, when he discovers that his father left his mother in thousands of dollars worth of debt. This revelation, combined with the high cost of running a campaign, forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists in order to find money. These new connections mean that not only he can begin to get financial help, but his stalled hydroelectric project gets the help it needs in order to happen. At a party held by his largest backer, Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman, Alice Glass , who becomes a lightning rod for his ambition. Despite the threat of another woman, Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful. It is now 1948, and Johnson now is vying for a Senate seat soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator. His promises kept to the people of the hill country, he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson, who battles him for a Texas Democratic caucus vote amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing. A 28-28 deadlock is broken when Johnson\'s staffers pull onto the floor a drunk member , who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote. An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure as United States Senator by parking in the Senate Majority Leader reserved parking spot, much to the chagrin of the parking attendant. The same lot is shown again in the future, and Johnson\'s name is now fixed on the parking spot. Johnson is now working tirelessly with all of the members of the Senate, battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy, making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act, and pressing for civil rights legislation. A new face in Washington, Senator John F. Kennedy, is told under no uncertain terms that a committee spot on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote. This meeting proved important as time moves forward to 1959, when Kennedy is one of the nominees for the Presidential campaign for the Democratic Party. A visit by JFK\'s brother Robert Kennedy to Texas is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy, who along with his sons, wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not. Johnson refers to Robert Kennedy as a "Harvard man" in a derisive tone while he discovers Robert\'s true intentions, and goes out of his way to try to embarrass him while hunting. The lack of action by Johnson in responding to Kennedy in a timely fashion allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network, essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination. Promised votes by Wyoming, now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination, puts Johnson and his family off. Johnson says that his father was right, and that he made a big mistake by not doing something sooner. An offer of the Vice Presidency by John Kennedy is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn. The next day, Rayburn tells Johnson that he changed his mind, and LBJ accepts the offer, despite Robert Kennedy\'s attempt at squashing the idea. After JFK is elected in 1960, Johnson soon regrets his decision, and he is made to fill the most benign of roles while the President and his brother shut him out of meetings. This position changes drastically when John Kennedy is shot in Dallas in 1963, and Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President of the United States. He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy, along with his wife, on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington. He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft, and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.'] ['The miniseries stars Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs as the Jacksons\' patriarch Joseph Jackson, Angela Bassett as the family matriarch Katherine Jackson, Alex Burrall, Jason Weaver and Wylie Draper played Michael Jackson in different eras, while Bumper Robinson and Terrence Howard played Jackie Jackson in different eras, Angel Vargas played Tito Jackson, Margaret Avery as Katherine\'s mother Martha Scruse, Holly Robinson Peete as Diana Ross, Billy Dee Williams as Berry Gordy and Vanessa L. Williams as Suzanne de Passe. The opening titles of the film shows footage of the real Jacksons rehearsing, performing on stage, a few clips from the "Can You Feel It" music video, album covers, magazine covers and pictures of the family. The film is mostly based on the autobiography written by Katherine Jackson, who issued the 1990 autobiography, My Family. Part one of the film was based on how Joseph and Katherine managed to raise their children, first in Gary, Indiana, then later dealing with The Jackson 5\'s early fame and its consequences. Part two of the film is based on the struggles of young Michael Jackson as he deals with his brothers marrying early into The Jackson 5 success, his problems with acne as a teenager, his eventual solo superstardom based on the success of his albums Off the Wall and Thriller and his legendary Motown 25 performance of "Billie Jean" as well as his difficult relationship with his father. Michael Jackson’s voice is heard on: “Beat It,” “Human Nature,” “Billie Jean,” “I Want You Back,” "I Wanna Be Where You Are," “I\'ll Be There,” “Rockin\' Robin,” “ABC,” and “Dancing Machine.” On all other songs, the Michael Jackson vocal part is performed by Anthony Harrell, Jason Weaver or Kipp Lennon.'] ['The film is based on the story of Elizabeth Báthory, a 16th&ndash;17th century Hungarian countess. Her story takes place in a part of the Kingdom of Hungary, now Slovakia. She is infamous for killing many young women because &ndash; according to legend &ndash; she thought that bathing in their blood would preserve her youth. Eventually the royal authorities investigated, and she was walled up in her castle, where she died four years later. Juraj Jakubisko declared in an interview: {{quotation}}'] ["In Depression-era Los Angeles, Guy Gabaldon gets into a fight at school when another boy snitches about his breaking into a grocery store. After Japanese-American Kaz Uni  finds out Guy's mother is in the hospital and his father is dead, he invites Guy to stay with his family. As Kaz's parents speak little English, Guy begins to learn Japanese. Then, when Guy's mother dies, the Unis adopt him. After the attack on Pearl Harbor and the US entry into World War II, Gabaldon's foster family is sent to an Internment Camp at Camp Manzanar. Initially rejected from the US Navy, Gabaldon appeals to be enlisted in the Marines. Gabaldon's ability to speak Japanese helps him become a Marine hero. During the bloody campaign for the island of Saipan, he convinces the Japanese general to order approximately 1000 Japanese soldiers and 500 family members to surrender to the U.S."] ["Set in 1910, the film's main character is Ben Harvey : serious about seeing the world, he leaves his home for Chicago, where he meets a woman named Lil, who in reality is the Madam of the bordello Ben mistakes for a boarding house. He also is friends with Adeline, one of the prostitutes. While he tries to find work, Ben encounters other people, including a man named Sullivan, who is involved in shady doings in city government. Suspecting corruption, Harvey and a hard drinking reporter decide to investigate."] ['The plot is based on the final months of Patrice Lumumba  the first Prime Minister of the Congo, whose tenure in office lasted two months until he was driven from office. Joseph Kasa-Vubu  is sworn in alongside Lumumba as the first president of the country, and together they attempt to prevent the Congo succumbing to secession and anarchy. The film concludes with Joseph Mobutu  seizing power with, as according to factual evidence, the support of the United States.'] ["Anne Lister  is a young unmarried woman living in 19th century Yorkshire, at Shibden Hall, with her aunt  and uncle . The one thing she wants from life is to have someone to love and to share her life with. The person she has in mind is Mariana Belcombe , with whom she has been conducting a secret romantic and sexual relationship. The relationship breaks apart when Mariana marries a rich widower named Charles Lawton . Depressed, Anne devotes her time to studying. A year after Mariana's wedding, Anne begins to think about finding another lover. She meets a young woman in church named Miss Browne , and they become close friends. Mariana asks Anne to meet her in a hotel in Manchester. There, the two women talk and Mariana tells Anne that she has missed her, and that one day, when her husband has died, they might live together as widow and companion. She says that her husband is not healthy, and will not have long to live. Anne agrees and they buy wedding rings, to wear around their necks until they can live together. Returning to Shibden, Anne ignores the attention of Miss Browne. A local industrialist named Christopher Rawson  proposes marriage to Anne. She turns him down and says that she could only marry for love. He tells her that people talk about her and call her 'Gentleman Jack.' Later, Anne tells her aunt and uncle that she does not want a husband, that she wants to be independent and intends one day to live with a female companion. Mariana visits her on her birthday and they continue their sexual relationship. Anne attends a party with her acquaintances, including Rawson and the Lawtons. Mariana sees Anne wearing her wedding ring clearly on show and is unhappy with Anne drawing attention to herself. Anne complains that Charles Lawton is not as unhealthy as Mariana had led her to believe. Rawson sees the two women talking together and has a conversation of his own with Lawton. When Mariana returns to her husband's side, he looks dazed and asks her how Anne loves her. After the party, Mariana writes to Anne and tells her that her husband is suspicious. She tells Anne not to write to her anymore. Anne's uncle dies and she inherits his wealth. She writes to Mariana, asking her to come to live with her at once. Mariana replies that she will be travelling nearby in a month's time and that they will discuss what to do then. When the time comes, Anne meets Mariana's coach coming along the road and excitedly gets in. Mariana is angry at her drawing attention to herself. She tells Anne that she would rather die than have people know about their relationship. She says that they could be happy together, but would have to live apart. Anne tells her that she wants to spend her life with someone, and leaves. When Rawson offers to buy some land from Anne to sink a mine, she declines and says that she will mine it herself. She forms a business alliance with Ann Walker , an unmarried acquaintance who has recently inherited her own fortune. They become close friends. Soon the two women are intimidated and harassed by Rawson, now their business rival. For protection, Ann Walker goes to stay at Shibden with Anne. Her aunt  comes to tell her niece that people are spreading shocking rumours about the two women. She asks Ann to return home before she ruins her family's name and warns her that she may ruin her chance of finding a husband. Ann tells her that she does not want a husband. When her aunt leaves, she tells Anne that she wants to live at Shibden with her. Anne asks her if she understands what the rumours and insinuations are about. Ann says that she does and makes it clear that she wants them to be together romantically. Mariana visits Anne and says that she could leave Charles now. She asks if there is still a place for her in Anne's heart, but Anne says that she has found someone she is happy with now, and Mariana leaves. Her husband lives to the age of 89."] ["The partially fictionalized film is set in 1977, the year in which Callas died, and centers on the making of a movie of Georges Bizet's Carmen. The diva, whose now-ragged voice is well past its prime, is persuaded to star in it by longtime friend and former manager Larry Kelly, who abandoned classical music to become a rock impresario. He insists by lip-synching to her old recording she will recapture her lost youth and leave behind a priceless legacy for her admirers, and his theory is supported by Callas confidante and journalist Sarah Keller. Other characters include Michael, a handsome young painter of limited talent and ardent Callas fan with whom Larry is infatuated; Marco, the tenor who plays Don José in Carmen and flirts with his aging co-star, who responds to his advances; and Bruna, the housekeeper in Callas' Paris apartment. Callas' passion for music and faith in herself are restored by the finished film. She refuses to lip-synch more filmed operas but agrees to star in a screen adaptation of Tosca if it is filmed live, using her own voice. When the financial backers walk out and the contract is canceled, she demands that Larry destroy Carmen, arguing its release would be contrary to her legacy of honest performances, even those she delivered on really awful nights when her fans wanted to close their ears and hide their eyes with embarrassment and disappointment."] ['Rimsky-Korsakov, a midshipman in the Imperial Russian Navy, secretly yearns to be a composer, but naval regulations prevent him from doing so. He uses a stopover in Tangiers to work on his next composition, Scheherazade (which is actually a [[Suite , with the tacit support of his captain. There he meets Cara de Talavera and her mother, and romantic events and complications ensue. He has to leave to return home to Russia, where his ballet is staged, but Cara unexpectedly turns up as one of the dancers, and they are reunited.Answers.comAmazon.com'] ['Albert Einstein, the son of an apple farmer in Tasmania in the early 1900s, splits a beer atom with a chisel in order to add bubbles to beer, discovers the theory of relativity and travels to Sydney to patent it. While there, he invents the electric guitar and surfing while romancing Marie Curie. He invents rock and roll and uses it to save the world from being destroyed due to misuse of a nuclear reactor under the watchful eye of Charles Darwin.'] ['Harold Hall, a young man with little or no acting ability, desperately wants to be in the movies. After a mix-up with his application photograph, he gets an offer to have a screen-test, and goes off to Hollywood. At the studio, he does everything wrong and causes all sorts of trouble. But he catches the fancy of a beautiful actress, and eventually the studio owner recognizes him as a comic genius.'] ["The Ron Clark Story follows the inspiring tale of an energetic, creative and idealistic young teacher who leaves his small North Carolina hometown to teach in a New York City public school. Through his passionate use of special rules for his classroom, highly innovative teaching techniques and an undying devotion to his students and helping them cope with their problems, Clark is able to make a remarkable difference in the lives of his students. For one young girl trying to attend school while helping to raise her siblings, he offers a chance for her to overcome her situation and become the top student of the class. For a young man with a penchant for graffiti, he offers an ideal outlet for artistic expression. Even when he is almost overcome by pneumonia, Clark continues to work with his students, hoping that he can raise their test scores to an acceptable level, or possibly even higher. However, when Clark returns, he finds out his class did not deliver the goods but he remains optimistic about their chances. The kids sit in the state exams and a few days later, Clark takes the kids to see The Phantom of the Opera. In the end, Principal Turner reveals that Mr. Clark's class got the highest average  in the state and Clark was regarded by his students as their best teacher."] ['{{Plot}} In 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg  is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright  at a bar. He returns to his dorm drunk and writes a blog entry about her. This inspires him to create an on-campus website called Facemash which allows users to rate the attractiveness of female students using photographs pilfered from various university systems. Mark receives six months of academic probation after traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard\'s network. Facemash\'s popularity and the fact that Mark created it in one night while drunk brings him to the attention of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss  and their business partner Divya Narendra . The Winklevoss twins invite Mark to their final club, where Mark accepts a job as programmer for a proposed dating website they call Harvard Connection which will be exclusive to Harvard alumni. Mark approaches his friend Eduardo Saverin  and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains that this would mimic the popularity of FaceMash but since signing up would be consensual it would avoid the ethical problems of the earlier site. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing $1,000 to help start the site. They distribute the link to Eduardo\'s connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendra believe Zuckerberg has stolen their idea while stalling on their website. Tyler and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Cameron convinces them to settle the matter as "Gentlemen of Harvard". During a visiting lecture by Bill Gates , fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee  introduces herself and her friend Alice  to Eduardo and Mark and asks the boys to "Facebook me". Christy\'s use of this phrase impresses both of them. Christy invites them to a bar, where Mark runs into Erica, who is not aware of Thefacebook because she is not a Harvard student. Mark decides to expand the site to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University as Thefacebook grows in popularity, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra watch "their idea" advance without them. Cameron refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father Howard\'s  connections, they meet with Harvard President Larry Summers , who is dismissive towards the twins and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy, now Eduardo\'s girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker . Eduardo becomes skeptical, noting Sean\'s problematic personal and professional history. Sean presents a vision for Facebook very similar to that of Mark, which earns Mark\'s instant admiration. In a parting comment, Sean suggests they drop the "The" from Thefacebook, saying it looks cleaner without the \'The\'. At Sean\'s suggestion, Mark moves the company to Palo Alto while Eduardo remains in New York seeking advertising support. Sean advises Mark to keep hold of his ownership of Facebook to ensure that Mark does not lose control of a potentially lucrative business venture. After Sean promises to expand Facebook to two continents, Mark invites Sean to live at the house he is using as the company headquarters. While competing in the Henley Royal Regatta for Harvard, the Winklevoss twins discover Facebook has expanded to a number of English universities and footage of their lost rowing race final against the Hollandia Roeiclub is posted on it. Cameron relents and they decide to sue. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find Sean living in their house and making business decisions for Facebook. Eduardo argues with Mark, with Mark making a demeaning remark regarding Eduardo\'s failed attempts to find advertisers. Eduardo freezes the company\'s bank account out of anger and returns to New York. Eduardo has been dismayed to learn that his girlfriend Christy is "psychotic," as he terms it. Upon his return to New York, Christy angrily confronts Eduardo about his Facebook profile, which lists him as "single". She refuses to believe Eduardo when he reluctantly explains that he does not know how to change his profile. She accuses him of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire she caused, Mark reveals on the phone that although he was upset that Eduardo almost jeopardized Facebook by freezing the bank account, they have secured $500,000 from angel investor Peter Thiel . Eduardo breaks up with Christy and returns to California. While visiting the new headquarters for a meeting, Eduardo discovers the deal he signed with Sean\'s investors has allowed them to dilute his share of the company from 34 percent to 0.03 percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts Mark and announces his intention to sue him. During a party celebrating Facebook\'s one millionth member, Sean and a number of underage Facebook interns are arrested for possession of cocaine. Sean tries deceiving Mark into believing that he had nothing to do with the incident and that Eduardo stashed the cocaine, but Mark does not believe him and tells him to "go home". The story is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in lawsuits against Mark and Facebook—one filed by the Winklevoss twins, the other by Eduardo. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, Marylin Delpy , a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook\'s founding and Mark\'s callous attitude will make a jury highly unsympathetic. After everyone leaves, Mark sends a friend request to Erica Albright on Facebook, and refreshes the page every few seconds waiting for a response. An epilogue reveals the following information: Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss received a settlement of $65 million, signed a non-disclosure agreement, and rowed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, placing sixth; Eduardo Saverin received a settlement of an unknown amount and his name was restored to the Facebook masthead as a Co-founder of Facebook; the website has over 500 million members in 207 countries and is valued at 25 billion dollars; and Mark Zuckerberg is the world\'s youngest billionaire.'] ["Runaway tailor's apprentice Andrew Johnson  wanders into the Tennessee town of Greeneville. He is persuaded to settle there. He barters his services to the librarian, Eliza McCardle , in return for her teaching him to read and write and eventually marries her. Stung by the injustice of the monopoly of power by the landowners and with the encouragement of his wife, Johnson starts organizing political meetings. One is broken up by the powers that be; in the resulting fighting, one of Johnson's friends is killed. He dissuades the others from resorting to violence. Instead, he is talked into running for sheriff and is elected. By 1860, the eve of the American Civil War, he has risen to state senator. When war breaks out, Johnson breaks with his state and stays loyal to the Union. As a general, he becomes a hero defending Nashville against a siege. Abraham Lincoln chooses him for his vice president in part because they share similar views on reconciling with the South after the war is won, unlike powerful, vengeful Congressman Thaddeus Stevens . When Lincoln is assassinated, Johnson succeeds to the presidency. After he refuses to accept a deal offered by Stevens, the latter starts impeachment proceedings against the president, with himself as chief prosecutor. Johnson stays away from the trial on the advice of men who fear he would lose his temper. With his cabinet members denied the right to testify however, Johnson appears at the very end and makes a stirring speech, an event which never actually occurred. The vote is close, with 35 judging him guilty and 18 not, but Senator Huyler is unconscious and unable to vote. Stevens, who is counting on him, delays the final verdict until Huyler can be roused and brought in for the deciding vote. To his dismay, Huyler votes not guilty. The film ends with Johnson, his term as president over, triumphantly returning to the Senate."] ['A look at the life and work of physician-assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian. Jack introduces a new idea of doctor assisted suicide. His aim is to help the hopeless patients who are suffering pain to commit suicide effortlessly.{{cite news}}'] ['The film begins with Professor Alfred Kinsey , being interviewed about his sexual history. Interspersed with the interview, there are flashbacks from his childhood and young-adulthood. The former depicts his experiences as a Boy Scout and the other shows Kinsey disappointing his father by his chosen vocational intentions. It then shows Kinsey teaching at Indiana University as a professor of biology lecturing on gall wasps. Kinsey falls in love with a student in his class, whom he calls Mac , and marries her. Consummation of their marriage is difficult at first, because of a medical problem Mac has that is fixed easily with minor surgery, after which it is shown that she has an equally intense sexual appetite as her husband. Meanwhile, at the University, Professor Kinsey, who is affectionately called "Prok" by his graduate students, meets with students afterhours to offer individual sexual advice. At a book party celebrating Kinsey\'s latest publication on gall wasps, Kinsey approaches the dean of students about an open-forum sex education course as opposed to the anti-sex propaganda taught in a general health class. Eventually, it is approved, but on the grounds that it is open only to teachers, graduate or senior students or married students. Nevertheless, Kinsey begins, teaching the sex course to a packed auditorium. Kinsey continues to answer students\' questions in personal meetings but finds his answers to be severely limited by the complete paucity of scientific data about human sexual behavior. This leads Kinsey to pass out questionnaires in his sexual education class from which he learns of the enormous disparity between what society had assumed people do and what their actual practices are. After securing financial support from the Rockefeller Foundation, Kinsey and his research assistants, including his closest assistant, Clyde Martin , travel the country, interviewing subjects about their sexual histories. As time progresses Dr. Kinsey begins realizing that sexuality within humans, including himself, is a lot more varied than was originally thought. The range of expression he creates later becomes known as the Kinsey scale, which ranks overall sexuality from completely heterosexual to completely homosexual and everything in-between. The first sexological book Kinsey publishes, which is on the sexual habits of the male, is a large-scale success and a best seller. Kinsey\'s research turns to women, which is met with more controversy. With the release of the female volume, support for Kinsey declines. McCarthyist pressures lead the Rockefeller Foundation to withdraw its financial support, lest it be labeled "Communist" for backing the subversion of traditional American values. Kinsey feels that he has failed everyone who has ever been a victim of sexual ignorance. A customs office is tipped off to an importation of some of Kinsey\'s research material, which only exacerbates the financial situation of Kinsey\'s research organization. Kinsey suffers a heart attack, and is found to have developed an addiction to barbiturates. Meeting with other philanthropists fails to garner the support needed. Still, Kinsey continues his taking of sex histories. He interviews an older woman, who tells Kinsey that she had felt so much shame about her attraction to another woman that she became an alcoholic, but that his research has saved her life and made her happy again, by helping her come to terms with her own sexuality. The story returns to the initial interview with Kinsey, and he is asked about love and if he will ever attempt to conduct research on it. His response is that love is impossible to measure and impossible to quantify , but that it is important. The final scene is of Kinsey and his wife, pulling over to the side of the road for a nature walk. She remarks about a tree that has been there for a thousand years. Kinsey replies that the tree seems to display a strong love in the way its roots grip the earth. Afterwards, the two walk off together, Kinsey remarking "there\'s a lot of work to do".'] ['Emmy Coer is a computer scientist obsessed with Countess Ada Lovelace, author of the first computer algorithm, written for Charles Babbage\'s "difference engine". She finds a way of communicating with people in the past by way of "undying information waves". In the film, Ada\'s ideas are portrayed as limited by discrimination against women in technology, science and mathematics in her time. Much of the story revolves around Coer\'s attempts to use genetic engineering to bring Countess Lovelace into the present.'] ['The film follows the rise and fall of convicted Watergate co-conspirator G. Gordon Liddy. Robert Conrad is cast as Liddy, who is sentenced to 20 years in prison. The film follows the hero through the four and half years he spent behind bars. While in prison, the film portrays Liddy as capable and able to match up to any man in the prison. The film includes several famous details from Liddy\'s 1980 autobiography including, the "legendary hand held over the burning flame," and Liddy\'s oath, "I will kill for you, Mr. President."<ref name54662 Will: G. Gordon Liddy], "Movies," New York Times. Retrieved March 14, 2007.'] ['In 1947, John Nash  arrives at Princeton University. He is co-recipient, with Martin Hansen , of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics. At a reception he meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Richard Sol , Ainsley , and Bender . He also meets his roommate Charles Herman , a literature student, and an unlikely friendship begins. Nash comes under increasing pressure to publish, both from the mathematics department chairman and in the form of rivalry with Hansen. But he refuses until he finds a truly original idea. His inspiration comes when he and his fellow graduate students discuss how to approach a group of women at a bar. Hansen quotes Adam Smith and advocates "every man for himself", but Nash argues that a cooperative approach would lead to better chances of success. This leads to a new concept of governing dynamics which Nash develops and publishes. On the strength of this he is offered an appointment at MIT where Sol and Bender join him. Some years later, Nash is invited to the Pentagon to crack encrypted enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally, to the astonishment of other codebreakers. He considers his regular duties at MIT uninteresting and beneath his talents, so he is pleased to be given a new assignment by mysterious supervisor William Parcher  of the United States Department of Defense, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers in order to thwart a Soviet plot. Nash becomes increasingly obsessive about searching for these hidden patterns and believes he is followed when he delivers his results to a secret mailbox. Meanwhile a student, Alicia Larde , asks him to dinner, and the two fall in love. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles\' young niece Marcee , whom he adores. With Charles\' encouragement he proposes to Alicia and they marry. Nash begins to fear for his life after witnessing a shootout between Parcher and Soviet agents. He tells Parcher that he wants to quit his special assignment but Parcher blackmails him into staying. While delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University , Nash attempts to flee from what appear to be foreign agents, led by Dr. Rosen . After punching Rosen in an attempt to flee, Nash is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. He believes the facility is run by the Soviets who are trying to extract information from him. Dr. Rosen tells Alicia that Nash has schizophrenia and that Charles, Marcee and Parcher exist only in his imagination. Alicia investigates and finally confronts Nash with the unopened documents he had delivered to the secret mailbox. Nash is given a course of insulin shock therapy and eventually released. Frustrated with the side-effects of the antipsychotic medication he is taking, he secretly stops taking it. But this causes a relapse and he meets Parcher again. After an incident where Nash endangers his infant son and accidentally knocks Alicia and the baby to the ground , she flees the house in fear with their child. Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old", referring to Marcee, who although years have passed since their first encounter, has remained exactly the same age and is still a little girl. With this, he finally accepts that although all three people seem real, they are in fact part of his hallucinations. Against Dr. Rosen\'s advice, Nash decides not to restart his medication, believing that he can deal with his symptoms in another way. Alicia decides to stay and support him in this. Nash approaches his old friend and rival, Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes. Years pass and as Nash grows older he learns to ignore his hallucinations. Eventually he earns the privilege of teaching again. In 1994, Nash is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. The movie ends as Nash and Alicia leave the auditorium in Stockholm; Nash sees Charles, Marcee, and Parcher standing to one side and watching him.'] ['The film begins showing the abstract expressionist Jackson Pollock  autographing illustrations in a copy of Life magazine for a woman at an art exhibit in 1950. The film flashes back to nine years earlier . At this time Pollock is usually drunk and makes a living by exhibiting a painting in occasional group art shows. He is living with his brother Charles Pollock, whom he calls Sande, in a tiny apartment in New York City. Sande\'s wife tells him that they are having a baby, perhaps indicating to Jackson that he needs to move out. Artist Lee Krasner shows up and takes an interest in him. Later, at dinner he learns that his brother is moving to Connecticut, as he\'s taken a job building army gliders to avoid a rumoured draft of married men not involved in war production. Sande\'s wife reveals that Jackson\'s Selective Service status is 4F. This means that Jackson cannot be drafted. Unable to handle conflicting feelings, Jackson has a convulsion and needs to be cared for. Lee learns from Sande that Jackson is diagnosed neurotic. However, Lee takes him home and decides to be his manager. One day, his old friend Ruben comes along with Howard Putzel who works for an art collector Peggy Guggenheim. Jackson seems more interested to meet Reuben than Howard. Peggy Guggenheim comes to see his art. She is initially very frustrated for having to wait, but gives him a contract to sell $2400 of paintings plus a commission to paint a mural of 8&nbsp;ft by 20&nbsp;ft on the entrance hall of her town house in New York City. His first exhibit fails to attract any buyers. After a New Year\'s Eve party, he almost gets in bed with Peggy but is too drunk to properly perform. Jackson returns to Lee in the morning. He is upset again when he learns of the death of Howard, falling back to the street in a drunken stupor and again returning to Lee. Lee, as always, takes him back. Lee then asks Jackson to make a decision: whether to marry her and continue painting art or "split up". Jackson surprisingly insists on a church wedding and Lee says she wants no guests. They decide to move to a country house by the ocean in Springs, NY, on Long Island. Jackson and Lee adopt an abandoned dog whom they name Gyp. Jackson is disheartened when Lee makes clear to Jackson that she does not want to have a baby, partly because she is happy to just live as two painters, partly because of his neurosis, and partly because of the pecuniary situation and his painting needs. At a get-together at Peggy Guggenheim\'s, despite art critic Clement Greenberg\'s comments, he shows that it\'s hard for him to change his finished painting to others\' liking. Jackson\'s pictures still aren\'t selling. At a poker party, while they talk about the situation, Clement mentions that things will change after Life Magazine\'s coverage and subsequent art exhibit. Lee gets jealous when Jackson hugs another woman. Meanwhile, Jackson tries doing other business for a living but his drinking gets in the way. He lies to Sande and family about the financial status and waits to see what will happen after Life Magazine\'s coverage. This time he tries to abstain from alcohol. Things get better after the magazine story. Later, A photographer, Hans Namuth, tries to make a film of Jackson as he paints. Hans\' movie-making interrupts the nature of Jackson\'s work and Jackson feels like a phony acting it out. Jackson loses patience and, much to Lee\'s disapproval, he takes to drinking again. The alcohol triggers his neurosis and he ruins Thanksgiving dinner. The film returns to the present in the art exhibit in 1950. Five years later Clement mentions that the Partisan Review is favoring Clyfford Still, and that his original technique of modern art could be the next direction of modern art. Jackson does not take it well. Lee accuses a drunk Jackson that it\'s because he\'s  taken to drinking. Jackson argues it\'s all because she won\'t have a child. Lee knows he\'s having an affair with Ruth Kligman. Lee says she won\'t give Jackson a divorce — no matter what. When Lee goes to Venice to visit Peggy Guggenheim, Jackson receives a call from her. After this call Jackson mentions to Ruth, "I owe the woman something". Ruth brings a friend, Edith Metzger, to visit Jackson. They go for a drive, but Jackson is quite drunk. There is a fatal car accident in which Jackson and Edith die; Ruth survives. The film ends with a mention that Lee survives another 28 years, continuing her painting career in Jackson\'s studio.'] ['The screenplay of Gandhi is available as a published book.{{cite book |titleBriley |firstJohn Briley |yearGrove Press |location0-394-62471-8 |urlHSWAPwAACAAJ&dqbriley83/>{{rp}} and his funeral.one of whom assassinates him in a scene at the end of the film that recalls the opening.p. 179, Briley . As Godse shoots Gandhi, the film fades to black and Gandhi is heard in a voiceover, saying "Oh God". The audience then sees Gandhi\'s cremation; the film ending with a scene of Gandhi\'s ashes being scattered on the holy Ganga.p. 180, Briley ; in the movie/screenplay, the river is not identified. As this happens, we hear Gandhi in another voiceover:Here, the movie voiceover  departs from Briley\'s  published screenplay, which reads: "There have been tyrants and murderers - and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it - always... When you are in doubt that that is God\'s way, the way the world is meant to be... think of that." {{cquote}} As the list of actors is seen at the end, the hymn "Vaishnava Janato" is heard.'] ['Young Murphy  grows up in a large, poor sharecropper family in Texas. His father deserts them around 1939–40, leaving his mother  barely able to feed her nine children. As the eldest son, Murphy works from an early age to help support his siblings, and when his mother dies in 1941 he becomes head of the family. His brothers and sisters are sent to a elder sister, Corrine; who Murphy sends his GI allotment pay. When World War II breaks out, Murphy  is eager to enlist, but is rejected by the Marines, the Navy, and the Army paratroopers due to his small size and youthful appearance. Finally the Army reluctantly accepts him as an ordinary infantryman. After basic and infantry training, Murphy is shipped out to the Third Infantry Division in North Africa as a replacement. Because of his youthful looks, he endures jokes about "infants" being sent into combat. Murphy soon proves himself in battle, however, and is steadily promoted, at first against his will, eventually receiving a battlefield commission in the rank of second lieutenant. During his many battles in Sicily, Italy, and France, he gains the respect of his men and becomes especially close to fellow soldiers Johnson , Brandon , and Kerrigan ([[Jack Kelly . Gregg Palmer, later a western television actor, appears as Lieutenant Manning. The action for which Murphy was awarded the Medal of Honor is depicted near the end of the film. In January 1945, near Holtzwihr, France, Murphy\'s company is forced to retreat in the face of a fierce German attack. However, Murphy remains behind at the edge of a forest to direct artillery fire on the advancing enemy infantry and armor. As the Germans close on his position, Murphy jumps onto an abandoned M4 Sherman tank  and uses its .50-caliber machine gun to hold the enemy at bay, even though the vehicle is on fire and may explode at any moment. Although wounded and dangerously exposed to enemy fire, Murphy single-handedly turns back the German attack, thereby saving his company. While the film depicted this action taking place in balmy weather and good visibility in terrain of rolling hills, it actually took place in the bitter winter of 1945 at the edge of a forest on the flat Alsatian Plain in conditions of poor visibility. After a period of hospitalization, he is returned to duty. The film concludes with Murphy\'s Medal of Honor ceremony shortly after the war ends.'] [' * Antonio Banderas - Pierre Dulaine: A renowned ballroom dance instructor who gets a job as a teacher for the delinquents in detention. A gentleman who treats everyone, especially the ladies, with respect and uses dance as a way to teach the delinquents about respect, manners and dealing with personal issues through dancing. Initially, the delinquents did not care about ballroom dancing, but after Pierre gives them a demonstration with his top dance student Morgan, the kids grew interested into the idea of ballroom dancing. He enters the kids in a city wide dance competition and by the end of the day, succeeds in turning the delinquents into respectful and well-mannered, young ladies and gentlemen. * Rob Brown - Jason "Rock" Rockwell: The brother of a teenager who died because of drugs, he has a longstanding feud with LaRhette, whose brother was allegedly the drug dealer. He lives in a poor neighborhood and supports his family. His father has been drunk since Rock\'s brother died and is violent. Rock wants nothing more than to own his own, "clean" place one day and to be nothing like his father. Despite this loathing, he still feels a duty towards his family and slips money through the door even when his father kicks him out. Rock is associated with the same drug dealing gang his brother was part of and later discovers that Ray was killed by the leader Easy because he "punked out" during a drug dealing heist. After meeting Pierre, he tried to avoid him and to not be part of dance. Knowing his feud LaRhette, Pierre decides to help them and pair them up as dance partners. Rock and LaRhette begin to respect each other and develop a friendship which later becomes love. * Yaya DaCosta - LaRhette Dudley: Sassy and aggressive, she\'s shown to be both fierce and nurturing. Since her mother works as a prostitute, she takes care of her younger siblings, cooking for them and helping her younger brother with his homework. Despite knowing her mother\'s profession, she is fiercely protective of her and refuses to let anyone blacken her name. She has a longstanding fued with Rock due to the drug dealing situation between their deceased older brothers. LaRhette temporarily runs away from home after almost being molested by her mother\'s new client. Understanding the fued between LaRhette and Rock, Pierre decides to help them by pairing them up as dance partners. After a while, the two begin to develop a mutual respect for each other which quickly turns into friendship and later into love. * Alfre Woodard - Principal Augustine James: No-nonsense and jaded, this woman is tough, hardened, and supremely dedicated to doing whatever she can to keep her school as safe as possible. She\'s shown to be an amazing and effective principal, balancing situations and knowing the name of almost every student, as well as their histories. She thinks of Pierre as an idealistic dreamer at first, but grows to respect him and his class and even offers him a job as a permanent dance instructor of the school. * John Ortiz - Mr. Joseph Temple: A teacher who cares about academics and academics only, he believes that the school should focus more on students who actually deserve help than to spend extra time with the delinquents. Despite proclaiming the Pierre\'s dance classes are taking up time that the delinquent students should be spending studying, he was the one who refused to supervise detention the day that Pierre was hired. He later gathers a petition and attempts to have Pierre\'s classes terminated, but is overruled when Pierre proves the value of his classes. * Laura Benanti - Tina * Jasika Nicole - Egypt * Dante Basco - Ramos: Proud, cocky, and an obvious leader, he is openly flirtatious and a good dancer. He obviously wants Sasha, which leads to him constantly goading Danjou and making sexual comments to Sasha. * Elijah Kelley - Danjou: A quieter, less cocky young man, he has trouble dancing and is less aggressive than Ramos. He holds all his frustration inside, which finally explodes after Ramos makes one comment too many, which leads to a fistfight between the two. * Jenna Dewan - Sasha: Sasha is pretty and a talented dancer who\'s caught in a love triangle with Danjou and Ramos. She repeatedly stands up for Danjou when Ramos mocks his lack of dancing skills and is obviously frustrated by the immature sniping between the two. * Brandon D. Andrews - Monster: A large, overweight boy with a heart as soft as a teddy bear, Monster is self-conscious but sweet. He becomes a very close friend to Caitlyn and doesn\'t hesitate to separate Ramos and Danjou after they start fighting. * Lauren Collins - Caitlin: Awkward and clumsy, she nevertheless loves to dance, though she feels out of place with Morgan and the other "better" dancers. She feels pressured by her mother and father, as well as their expectations of her. * Marcus T. Paulk - Eddie: A childish young man who is allegedly a thief, like with the new stereo system in detention. He can D.J. and when the competition was over he snuck over to the stereo and turned on rap music, which everyone danced to. He is shown to be fascinated with disco balls as he claims that they are cool. He danced with Egypt in the competition. * Katya Virshilas - Morgan: An extremely talented dancer who moves both gracefully and sensually, she is arrogant and rude to the delinquent kids, whom she dismisses as "nobodies with no talent." At the end of the movie, she winds up having a good time dancing with the inner city students, so she may have had a change of heart. * Jonathan Malen - Kurd: A self-proclaimed "player," he is at first disappointed with Pierre\'s choice to pair him with Big Girl, but gradually falls in love with her. * Shawand McKenzie - Big Girl: Monster\'s cousin, she is at first openly disgusted by Kurd\'s blatant sexual behavior, going so far as to wear gloves when she is forced to dance with him. She later warms up to him as her dance partner.'] ["Trotsky had been forced to leave the Soviet Union in 1929. It is now 1940 and he is living in Mexico. He has not escaped the attention of the current ruler of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin, who sends out an assassin named Frank Jackson. The killer decides to infiltrate Trotsky's house by befriending one of the young communists in Trotsky's circle."] ["The film stars Helen Mirren as the philosopher and novelist Ayn Rand, who engages in an affair with a psychologist 25 years her junior by the name of Nathaniel Branden, played by Eric Stoltz. Branden built up an institute to spread Rand's ideas, but the two eventually had a falling out. The film also stars Julie Delpy as Branden's wife, Barbara, and Peter Fonda as Rand's husband Frank O'Connor."] ['Richard Steven Valenzuela  is a normal teenage boy who becomes a rock \'n\' roll superstar under the stage name Ritchie Valens. He meets and falls in love with fellow high school student Donna Ludwig , for whom he wrote a song that became a number one hit ([[Donna . However, Donna\'s father is shown as having issues with his daughter dating a Hispanic-American, which causes friction between Ritchie and Donna. The movie also has several subplots, such as his relationship with his mother Connie Valenzuela  and half-brother Bob Morales , and the jealousy Bob felt toward Ritchie because of Ritchie\'s success. In one scene, Bob won an important art contest that helps promising cartoonists, only to throw away his prize because, in his mind, his mother doesn\'t seem to care enough. Bob resorts to drinking heavily and, at one point, leads him to end up crying in front of his mother\'s door, yelling, "I want to see my daughter!" in reference to the child he sired with Ritchie\'s first girlfriend Rosie . However, when they get an opportunity, Ritchie and Bob sneak out for a good time. On one occasion, they take a road trip to Tijuana, visiting one of the local nightclubs where Ritchie discovers the song that would eventually become his signature song, "La Bamba".  The film also focuses on Ritchie\'s aviophobia , and a recurring dream he has as a result of a midair collision between two planes that actually occurred directly over Ritchie\'s school, in which Ritchie\'s best friend was crushed to death by one of the fallen aircraft . Eventually, Ritchie must conquer his fear when asked to perform his song "Donna" on American Bandstand. Ritchie\'s record producer and manager, Bob Keane , helps him by giving him a little vodka to calm his nerves during the flight to Philadelphia for the Bandstand appearance. As Ritchie becomes more famous, his responsibilities change. He has to go on the ill-fated Winter Party Dance Tour with Buddy Holly  and "The Big Bopper" ([[Stephen Lee  after his hits, "La Bamba" and "Donna", reach the top of the Billboard charts. Valens, Holly, and Bopper take off in an airplane during a snowstorm for their fateful flight on February 3, 1959 . Before the ill-fated flight, Ritchie makes a call to his brother, wherein they patch up their differences. He even invites Bob to fly out to Chicago to join the tour for family support. The next day, as Bob is fixing his mother\'s car, he hears the news bulletin on the radio that his brother\'s plane crashed without any survivors. Bob darts out of his driveway in an attempt to get to his mother before she hears the bad news through the radio. Unfortunately, by the time he gets there she stands immobile. The news hits the Valenzuela family, Bob Keane, and Donna very hard. In the final scene, the cars to Ritchie\'s funeral are shown driving slowly and Bob is seen walking over a bridge and screaming out Ritchie\'s name, remembering all the good times they had together , accompanied by the instrumental Sleep Walk. We then see Lou Diamond Phillips , backed by the Mexican American rock band Los Lobos, performing Valens\' version of "La Bamba" accompanied by the closing credits.'] ['Oliver Cromwell is a courageous and God-fearing country squire, magistrate and former member of Parliament. King Charles I\'s policies, including the enclosing of common land for the use of wealthy landowners and the introduction of "Popish" and "Romish" rituals into the Church of England, have become increasingly annoying to many, including Cromwell. In fact Charles regards himself as a devout Anglican, permitting his French Queen to practise Roman Catholicism in private but forbidding her to bring up the young Prince of Wales in that faith. Cromwell plans to take his family to the New World, but, on the eve of their departure, he is persuaded by his friends to stay and resume a role in politics. Charles has summoned Parliament for the first time in eleven years, as he needs money in order to fight wars against the Scots and the Irish. Although he reluctantly agrees to execute his hated adviser the Earl of Strafford, the Parliament of England will still not grant him his requests unless he agrees to reforms that could lead to a constitutional monarchy. Committed to the divine right of kings, and under pressure from his queen to stand firm, Charles refuses. When he attempts to arrest five members of Parliament , war breaks out in England itself, Parliament against the king, both sides convinced that God is on their side. When the Parliamentary forces in which Cromwell is a cavalry officer proved ineffective, he sets up the New Model Army and soon turns the tide against the king. Charles goes so far as to call on help from Catholic nations, which disgusts his Protestant supporters. He is finally defeated but, a brave man in his own way, he still refuses to give in to the demands of Cromwell and his associates for a system of government in which Parliament will have as much say in the running of the country as the king. Cromwell—who has had to maintain discipline in the highly politicised New Model Army by hanging a ringleader of an incipient mutiny—later hears from Sir Edward Hyde, the king\'s once-loyal adviser, that Charles has secretly been raising a Catholic army to resume the war against Parliament. He and his supporters thus have Charles put on trial for treason. Charles, found guilty and sentenced to death, faces execution bravely and even his most ardent critics are moved by his dignity. There is little celebration or satisfaction over his death, even on Cromwell\'s part. However, Parliament soon proves itself just as useless in governing the country and, like the late king, Cromwell is forced to undertake a coup d\'etat. But where Charles failed, Cromwell succeeds: his troops remove the MPs from the House of Commons, leaving Cromwell sitting symbolically alone in the Chamber as virtual dictator. The movie ends with a voice-over stating that Cromwell served very successfully for five years as Lord Protector before Charles I\'s son, Charles II, returned as king of an England "never to be the same again".'] ["The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1|authorCynthia Nixon joins 'Englishman'|work22 August 2008|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080917074849/http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1| archivedate no}}"] ["The film opens with Oscar Wilde's 1882 visit to Leadville, Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States. Despite his flamboyant personality and urbane wit, he proves to be a success with the local silver miners as he regales them with tales of Renaissance silversmith Benvenuto Cellini. Wilde returns to London and weds Constance Lloyd , and they have two sons in quick succession. While their second child is still an infant, the couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross , who seduces Wilde and helps him come to terms with his homosexuality. On the opening night of his play Lady Windermere's Fan, Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas , whom he had met briefly the year before, and the two fall into a passionate and tempestuous relationship. Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages in sexual activity with rent boys while his older lover plays the role of voyeur. Alfred's father, the Marquess of Queensberry , objects to his son's relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest. When Oscar sues the Marquess for criminal libel against him, his homosexuality is publicly exposed; he is eventually tried for gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour. In prison, he is visited by his wife, who tells him she isn't divorcing him but is taking their sons to Germany and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again. Oscar is released from prison and goes straight into exile to continental Europe. In spite of the advice or objections of others, he eventually meets with Alfred. Throughout the film, portions of the well-loved Wilde story The Selfish Giant are woven in, first by Wilde telling the story to his children, then as narrator, finishing the story as the film ends."] 