['After coming off a successful comedy tour, Dolemite throws a get-together at his mansion, there he announces that he is to offer his mansion to the person that started a drive for a new boys\' home, then is rudely interrupted by the local sheriff and his deputies because they\'re a group of black people having a party, thus causing trouble. Turns out the Sheriff\'s wife is offering Dolemite money for sexual services. When the sheriff catches them red handed, he promptly shoots his wife. Dolemite and his friends kidnap a young man and his car and decide head to California where he is to meet Queen Bee, only to find out that the local mob man, Joe Cavaletti kidnapped two of her girls and forced her to close down her joint and work for him. Dolemite must rescue Queen Bee, her girls and teach the grease balls a lesson all the while being chased by his hometown\'s sheriff for the murder of his wife he pinned on him. The final scenes are similar to much of the era\'s kung fu scenes along with the expected added sound effects, and a fight with none other than the "Central American Nunchuck champion".'] ['{{Plot}} Shaft, a private detective, emerges from the New York City subway and walking through Times Square, with scenes characterizing early 1970s New York. Shaft visits a shoeshine parlor, and is informed that some gangsters are looking for him. Police Lt Vic Androzzi meets Shaft outside the parlor; and unsuccessfully tries to get information from him on the two gangsters. After Lt Androzzi leaves, Shaft spots one of the men waiting for him in his office building. He commandeers the first gangster, forcing him into his office where the second gangster is waiting. After a quick fight, Shaft throws one of them out the window; while the other surrenders and reveals to him that Bumpy, the leader of an uptown gang, wanted to meet Shaft and knock him out at his office. At the police station, Shaft lies to Lt. Androzzi and his superior about the fight by saying that his friend got into an "accident". He is allowed to return to the streets for 48 hours. Shaft arranges a meeting with Bumpy, the leader of these gangsters, in his office. It turns out Bumpy\'s daughter has been kidnapped, and Shaft is asked to get her back safe. Shaft starts his investigation by looking for a man named Ben Buford, who is revealed to have been part of "the movement" with Shaft years ago, and eventually finds out that Ben\'s group is holding a meeting. Shaft then returns home to his girlfriend where they make love. The evening of the meeting, Shaft is tailed by a fingerman to the meeting where an ambush ensues. Shaft and Ben escape from the carnage while Ben\'s group and the fingerman are murdered by unknown assailants. Ben confronts Shaft, thinking he was set up, but they refrain from fighting and move on. Shaft is told by Vic after the shooting that Shaft himself was the target, not Ben, and that there are brewing tensions between the "uptown" hoods belonging to Bumpy Jonas and the "downtown" Mafiosi, that have culminated in a couple of murders. Vic states those who know, know it\'s "hood against hood" on the inside, but the perception is black against white to the general public, with the possibility of things escalating into full-blown race war on the streets of the city. He also shows Shaft some pictures of two of the Mafia men who just got to New York. Vic pleads to Shaft to just clue him in to what\'s going on, though Vic already knew Bumpy was looking for Shaft. Shaft and Ben later meet Bumpy at his uptown office where Shaft ups the price for the job, based on his new-found information from Vic. Bumpy states that the reason for turning him on to Ben\'s is because Shaft is going to need an army to get his daughter back, and "Ben\'s got one". Shaft retires to the "No Name Bar", across the street from Shaft\'s apartment in Greenwich Village. In the bar, he notices two men there who look like the Mafiosi from the pictures Vic showed him, watching Shaft\'s apartment. Shaft takes over the bar from the bartender, and calls the cops without the two Mafiosi knowing. As the cops arrive to arrest the two men, one of them spits on Shaft\'s face to which he responds by breaking a bottle of scotch over the man\'s head. After spending the night with one of the ladies from the bar, Shaft visits Vic and the two Mafiosi the following morning. When Shaft returns home, he wakes the woman up, and as she leaves his place, she complains about his rotten manners out of bed, leading to a brief verbal spat. A few seconds after the woman leaves, Vic comes in echoing the woman\'s spat to Shaft. Vic tells Shaft that the room that he was in at the station house was bugged and he is supposed to bring him in for questioning, but instead leaves. Ben and Shaft go to the apartment where Marcy Jonas is being held to make sure she\'s alive. Once there, a gunfight ensues during which two hoods get killed and Shaft takes a bullet in the shoulder. At home where Shaft is getting medical attention from a doctor working underground with him , Shaft tells Ben to round up his men and meet him at the hotel where Marcy has been taken, to prepare to get her back. He also calls Bumpy to tell him that his daughter is fine and he is going to need some taxicabs to meet him at the same hotel for the getaway. As Shaft plan goes on it resembles a military commando-style operation, Ben\'s men all dress as workers at the hotel  as to not arouse suspicion during infiltration. Shaft and one of Ben\'s guys go to the roof and get set up to enter from the window of the room where Marcy is being held captive. Shaft\'s plan is to cause a distraction with an explosive thrown through the window of Marcy\'s room while Ben and his men come down the hall and deal with the Mafia men as they leave their rooms. The rescue plan is successful. Marcy is spirited out of the hotel into one of the waiting taxicabs; as the others get away in the remaining cabs, Shaft walks to a phone booth to call Vic. Shaft tells him his "case just busted wide open", to which Vic tells Shaft to close it for him. Shaft tells Vic that he won\'t and declares, "I guess you\'re gonna have to close it yourself ... shitty!" , howling in mockingly laughter and walking away as the closing credits begins to roll.'] ['The film tells the story of a jailed woman who is released for 24 hours and uses the time to track down the man who framed her.'] ['Dolemite is a pimp who was set up by Willie Greene and the cops, who have planted drugs, stolen furs, and guns in his trunk and got him sentenced to 20 years in jail. One day, Queen B and a warden planned to get him out of Jail and get Willie Green and Mitchell busted for what they did to him. However, Dolemite is no stupid man and has a lot of warriors backing him, such as his call girls, who are Karate Experts--and lots more....'] ['In a small Southern town, John Little and Jimmy Price are police officers charged with enforcing the law. In a local election, Jimmy is chosen as Sheriff to the dislike of a few in town. With many counting on a good Sheriff, Jimmy works as hard as he can, although time and the town may be against him. A radio ad for the film summizes the story simply: "tick...tick...tick is the sound of time...running out".'] ['The film\'s plot combines several elements from these original films. Starrbooty is in the middle of a major karate fight when she receives a phone call informing her that her adopted niece Cornisha has been kidnapped. With the help of fellow crime fighter Agent Page Turner, Starrbooty learns that her arch nemesis Annaka Manners is using her billion-dollar cosmetics company as a front for kidnapping prostitutes and selling their organs on the black market. Starbooty also discovers that Annaka is actually her long-lost sister, making Cornisha Annaka\'s daughter. Page and Starrbooty go undercover as prostitutes  and in order to be convincing enough to infiltrate Annaka\'s inner sanctum, they go "all the way" . When Starrbooty finally confronts Annaka she discovers that Cornisha was in on the plot all along, and has become Annaka\'s lover. Informing them that they are actually mother and daughter, Starrbooty reveals Annaka\'s plans to double-cross Cornisha by selling her clitoris to a wealthy socialite . A final showdown between Starrbooty and Annaka leaves Annaka dead, and they are able to salvage Cornisha\'s genitals by taking Annaka\'s . Thus everyone who deserves to lives happily ever after.'] ['Charley, after undergoing a beating by white men, escapes with two fellow slaves before being sold to a different plantation owner. He is put up for sale after his ailing plantation owner says he can no longer afford him. The three fugitives are put down when they engage in everyday activities. For instance, when Charley asks a bartender for three beers, he is asked, "Don\'t you know your place, nigger?" In response, Charley beats a patron and forces the bartender to flee. He then tells his friends, "I ain\'t never gonna be a slave again for no man ... I ain\'t taking no shit from no white man again. I\'m a free man, and that\'s the way I\'m gonna die." The three seek their freedom in the Old West. But they are chased by a gang of white men on horseback, who vow not to let them go free. Throughout their journey, the escaped slaves meet villains and violence. The film ends with Charley and his friend, Toby, surviving an intense shootout and riding off. Toby asks "Where shall we go now, Charley?" Charley responds "Don\'t matter. Wherever we go, there\'s trouble waiting for us."'] ['In 1979, Jimmy Bones  is a numbers runner who is respected and loved in his neighborhood as its respected member and protector. When he is betrayed and brutally murdered by a corrupt cop and drug pusher, Bones\' elegant brownstone building becomes his own tomb, and is closed since then. The timeline flashes forward to 2001, where the neighborhood has become a Black ghetto and Jimmy\'s brownstone building is a condemned ruin. Four teens buy the property and they want to renovate it as a nightclub. In the process they find a black dog who is actually the spiritual manifestation of Jimmy\'s tortured spirit. As the dog eats, Jimmy is slowly resurrected. Patrick  meets Pearl , Jimmy\'s old girlfriend, and her daughter Cynthia . Patrick develops a romance with Cynthia. Patrick wanted to open a nightclub at the old ghetto neighborhood in hopes of making the neighborhood great again, and also to make a profit. While exploring the basement, Patrick and the gang find Jimmy Bones\' body and they realize that he was actually murdered. Patrick and the others decide to keep quiet for Jimmy\'s murder or they won\'t be able to open the nightclub. Later, Jeremiah, Patrick\'s father , finds out about Patrick and the gang\'s plan to open the club at Bones\' old building, and he freaks out and demands that Patrick and the others leave the building. Patrick refuses his request and opens the nightclub. On opening night Maurice , one of the teens, is lured into an upstairs room where he is mauled to death by the spiritual black dog. Once he is fully resurrected, Jimmy sets the club on fire, and he is intent on getting revenge on those responsible for his death, those who betrayed him, and anyone who gets in his way. Pearl and her neighbor felt that they should have burned the building down a long time ago. Pearl tells Cynthia that Jimmy Bones is her father, as she had a relationship with him. Patrick confronts his father Jeremiah and demands to know if he murdered Jimmy Bones 22 years ago. His father admits he betrayed Jimmy Bones to make money to leave the neighborhood. Also, he got fed up living in Bones\' shadow and he wanted to be as popular and successful as him. Jeremiah allowed drugs into the neighborhood as long he got paid for it. Later, Jimmy kills the drug pusher , a corrupt cop named Lupovich , and later takes Jeremiah back to the building. Jimmy sends Lupovich, and the drug pusher to hell for all eternity while Jeremiah begs for his life. Patrick, Cynthia, Bill , and Pearl goes underground to find that Jimmy Bones\' body has disappeared. Pearl know that they have to burn the dress that was buried with Jimmy because the blood on the dress is actually what is keeping Jimmy alive. As they look for Jimmy, Pearl steps in the elevator which closes and goes up. Meanwhile Jeremiah asks Jimmy what he wants. He asks Jeremiah if he could give him his life back. When Jeremiah says no, Jimmy sends him to hell for eternity. Pearl gets off the elevator and walks into a room that is filled with ignited candles. She has a flashback and Jimmy appears, and puts the bloody dress on her. Patrick, Cynthia, and Bill head to the second floor where they see a ghostly Maurice, who leads Bill in the wrong direction where he is captured and killed. Patrick tries to reach him but is too late. Patrick and Cynthia make their way to the room where Pearl and Jimmy are at. Patrick knows it\'s a trap. As Cynthia is lured to Pearl & Jimmy, Patrick hears his father\'s voice in a mirror begging for help. When Patrick hesitates, Jeremiah chokes him. Patrick uses his knife to chop Jeremiahs arm off and he disappears into hell. Patrick goes after Jimmy, who disappears and reappears behind Patrick\'s back. He grabs Patrick by his throat, as Cynthia begs him to let go. Pearl, realizing what is happening, tells Jimmy she loves him then grabs a candle and burns the dress. Jimmy tries to stop her but he dies with Pearl, causing the whole building to collapse. Patrick and Cynthia try to get to the exit before the building comes down. They jump down the elevator shaft before escaping. As Cynthia rests, Patrick finds an old picture of Jimmy and Pearl together. He then hears Jimmy\'s voice say "dog eat dog, boy." He turns around and sees Cynthia with maggots in her mouth. As she spits them at Patrick the end credits begin.'] ['John Daniels plays Jonathan Knight, the owner of "Mr. Jonathan\'s", the most successful hair salon for women on the Sunset Strip. His reputation as a lover has become so awesome that he is sought after almost as much in that capacity as he is for his experience as a hair stylist. Everything is cool for Jonathan until he messes with the mob in an effort to protect his young attractive receptionist, played by Tanya Boyd , from her former boss. Action explodes when the "loving" machine becomes the "killing" machine. Jonathan, chainsaw in hand, gets down to the get down on the vicious mob gang that wrecks his shop and kidnaps his woman.'] ["After a dying Voodoo queen, Mama Loa, chooses an adopted apprentice, Lisa Fortier  as her successor, her arrogant son and true heir, Willis, ([[Richard Lawson  is outraged. Seeking revenge, he buys the bones of Mamuwalde the vampire from the former shaman of the voodoo cult, and uses voodoo to resurrect the vampire to do his bidding. However while it bring Mamuwalde back to life, he quickly bites Willis upon awakening. Willis now finds himself in a curse of his own doing, made into a vampire hungering for blood and. ironically, a slave to the very creature he sought to control. Meanwhile, Justin Carter ([[Don Mitchell , an ex-police officer with a large collection of acquired African antiquities and an interest in the occult, begins to investigate the murders caused by Mamuwalde and his growing vampire horde. Justin meets Mamuwalde at a party Justin hosted to display the African collection pieces before being moved to the University's museum. They discuss the artifacts, unbeknown to anyone else, that were from the region of Africa Mamuwalde hails from, including pieces of jewelry once worn by his late wife Luva. Mamuwalde also meets Justin's girlfriend, Lisa Fortier, at the party and he discovers that Lisa is naturally adept at voodoo. Lisa discovers Mamuwalde true nature after a friend of hers, Gloria, falls victim to his bite and resurrects as a vampire who nearly feeds on her if not for Mamuwalde's intervention. He later asks her for help to cure him of his vampire curse. Justin, with the help of L.A.P.D. Lieutenant Harley Dunlop , pulls together several other cops to go to the Mamuwalde residence to investigate the recent deaths. While Lisa is performing the ritual to cure Mamuwalde, using a voodoo doll fashioned to look like him, Justin, Harley and their men raid the house, fighting against Blacula's vampire minions which include several friends of theirs. Willis is killed during this scuffle. Justin manages to find Lisa and Mamuwalde and interrupts the ritual. Lisa refuses to help Mamuwalde after she witnesses him kill the other police officers in the house in a fit of rage. As Mamuwalde, now calling himself Blacula, is about to bite Justin, Lisa stabs the prince's voodoo doll killing Mamuwalde and destroying the menace of Blacula forever."] ["In 1780, Prince Mamuwalde , the ruler of an African nation, seeks the help of Count Dracula  in suppressing the slave trade. Dracula refuses to help and transforms Mamuwalde into a vampire and imprisons him in a sealed coffin. Mamuwalde's wife, Luva , is also imprisoned and dies in captivity. In 1972, the coffin has been purchased as part of an estate by two interior decorators, Bobby McCoy  and Billy Schaffer  and shipped to Los Angeles. Bobby and Billy open the coffin and become Prince Mamuwalde's first victims. At Bobby's funeral, Mamuwalde encounters Tina , who Prince Mamuwalde believes is the reincarnation of his deceased wife. On investigating the corpse at the funeral, Dr. Gordon Thomas  helps Lt. Peters  with an investigation of murders that are occurring. Prince Mamuwalde continues to kill and transform various people he encounters into vampires as Tina begins to fall in love with him. Thomas, Peters, and Michelle follow the trail of murder victims and begin to believe a vampire is responsible. After Thomas digs up Billy's coffin, Billy's corpse rises as a vampire and attacks Peters who fends him off. After finding a photo taken of Mamuwalde where his body is not visible, Thomas and Peters track Mamuwalde to his hideout. They defeat several vampires but Mamuwalde manages to escape. Later, Mamuwalde lures Tina to his water works while Thomas and a group of police officers pursue him. Mamuwalde dispatches several officers as one shoots Tina. To save Tina from death, Mamuwalde transforms her into a vampire. After Peters manages to kill the vampire Tina, Mamuwalde believes he can not live any longer after losing her twice. Mamuwalde leaves for the surface where the sunlight rots his flesh and kills him."] ["Set in Los Angeles, the film begins with the nighttime robbery of an illegal mafia bookmaking operation carried out by the militant African-American organization BAG . Though successful, several of the bookmakers and one of the burglars are killed. The mastermind behind the robbery, a Vietnam-veteran named Scott , is the brother of prominent local nightclub owner, Gunn . Seeking safe-haven, Scott hides out at his brother's mansion after a brief reunion. Meanwhile, mafia caporegime and used-car dealer Russ Capelli  meets with west coast criminal overlord Toni Lombardo  to report the theft of daily payoff records and monies. Though Capelli receives an unrelated promotion for years of loyal service, he nonetheless fears the consequences of a loss of face and status as well as incriminating mob financial information. He therefore orders his men, led by psychotic assassin Ray Kriley , to shake down anyone who might have a connection to the robbery and to recover the lost goods using any means necessary."] ["The action opens in a woman's prison, located on an island in the South Seas. Lee Daniels  is the girlfriend of the island's biggest pimp and drug dealer, and she just ran off with $40,000.00USD of his money. Karen Brent  is a leading member of the local anarchist group. Lee and Karen are two of the newest inmates at an all-woman's penitentiary. It's not too long before the warden ships the pair off to another facility - where they are stopped in route by a group of Karen's fellow revolutionaries who are keen to free her. During the big gun battle, things go horribly wrong - the federals find reinforcements, the revolutionaries run, and Lee and Karen flee chained together. So begins their flight across the island. Each girl wants to go different directions - with Karen wanting to overthrow the government and Lee wanting to leave the island with her money - but they can't unlock their chains. Eventually, the two put aside their differences long enough to save their skins from the ogreish and murderous whoremaster. Meanwhile, hunting the pair is the lecherous Ruben  a displaced cowboy."] ["Jackie Brown  is a flight attendant for a small Mexican airline, the latest step down for her career. To make ends meet, she smuggles money from Mexico into the United States for Ordell Robbie , a gun runner under the close watch of the ATF. Ordell learns that another of his workers, Beaumont Livingston , has been arrested. Fearing that Livingston will become an informant in order to avoid jail time, Ordell arranges for his bail with bondsman Max Cherry . Following his release, Ordell promptly lures Livingston out to be killed. Acting on information Livingston had indeed shared, ATF agent Ray Nicolette  and LAPD detective Mark Dargas intercept Jackie as she arrives in the United States with Ordell's cash and some cocaine that Brown was unaware was stashed in her bag. Initially refusing to deal with Nicolette and Dargas, she is sent to jail on possession of drugs with intent to sell. Sensing that Jackie may now be just as likely to inform as Livingston had been, Ordell goes back to Max to arrange her bail. Max arrives to pick her up and, only partly masking his attraction to her, offers to buy her a drink and help determine her legal options. Ordell later arrives at Jackie's house intending to murder her. She surprises him by pulling a gun she surreptitiously borrowed from Max's glove compartment, however, and barters a deal with Ordell whereby she will pretend to help the authorities while still managing to smuggle $500,000 of Ordell's money, enough to allow him to retire. To carry out this plan, Ordell employs Melanie Ralston , a woman he lives with, and Louis Gara , a friend and former cellmate. He also uses a naïve Southern girl, Sheronda. With Jackie's help, Nicolette and Dargas arrange a sting to catch Ordell, unaware that Jackie and Ordell plan to double-cross them by diverting the actual money before the authorities make an arrest. Unbeknownst to the others, Jackie plans to deceive all of them with the help of Max in order to keep the $500,000 for herself. After a trial run, during which Nicolette could observe the operation, the stage is set for the actual event. In a large shopping mall near Los Angeles, Jackie buys a new suit and enters a dressing room. Her role is to swap bags there with Melanie and Louis, supposedly passing off the $500,000 under Nicolette's nose. Instead, she gives Melanie only $50,000 and leaves the rest behind in the dressing room for Max to pick up. Jackie then feigns despair as she calls Nicolette and Dargas out from hiding and claims Melanie took all the money and ran. In the parking lot, Melanie annoys and mocks Louis until he loses his temper and shoots her. Ordell discovers that Louis has only $40,000 in the bag . Ordell realizes his money has been stolen and, also angered to learn that Louis shot Melanie, kills Louis. Ordell's next concern is the involvement of Max Cherry, having been told by Louis that he spotted Max in the store before the pickup. Lured back to Max's office, where Jackie is said to be frightened and waiting to hand over his money, Ordell arrives armed. Jackie yells out that Ordell has a gun and he is shot dead by Nicolette, who had been hiding in another room. In the clear with the law and in possession of the money, minus a 10% cut that Max has taken for himself, Jackie decides to leave the country and travel to Madrid, Spain. Jackie invites Max to leave with her, but he declines before Jackie kisses him goodbye and leaves."] ["Two Harlem detectives are assigned by the NYPD to recover $87,000 of poor black families life savings, which have been stolen in a Back to Africa swindle; the money is concealed in a bale of cotton, which keeps changing hands. The detectives, Gravedigger Jones  and Coffin Ed Johnson , are two black cops with a reputation for breaking the odd head. Both are annoyed at the success of the charismatic black nationalist leader Reverend Deke O'Malley  who is selling trips back to Africa to the poor on the installment plan. When O'Malley's truck is hijacked at a barbecue and a bale of cotton stuffed with money is lost in the chase, Harlem is turned upside down by Gravedigger and Coffin Ed, the Reverend, and the hijackers."] ["Robert Sand, agent of D.R.A.G.O.N. Defense Reserve Agency Guardian Of Nations, is playing tennis on his vacation with a beautiful black girl, when his commanding officers ask him to save a Chinese girl named Toki who happens to be Sand's girlfriend, and the daughter of a top Eastern Ambassador. The ransom for the abduction was the secret for a terrific new weapon - the freeze bomb - but the 'Warlock' behind the deed is also into the business of drug dealing and Voodoo ritual murders. The search takes him from Hong Kong to California through Miami, and plenty of action, against bad men, bad girl, and bad animals."] ['Nurse "Coffy" Coffin , seeks revenge for her younger sister getting hooked on drugs and has to live in a rehabilitation home, a product of the drug underworld, mob bosses and chain of violence that exists in her city. The film opens with Coffy showing her vigilante nature by killing a drug supplier and dealer. She does this without getting caught by using her sexuality as an attractive and athletic African American woman willing to do anything for a drug fix. She lures the men to their residences, which gives her the privacy to kill them both. After the killings, Coffy returns to her regular job at a local hospital operating room, but is asked to leave when she is too jumpy when handing tools to the surgeon. The film introduces Coffy’s African American police friend Carter , who used to date Coffy in their younger years. Carter is portrayed as a straight-shooting officer who is not willing to bend the law for the mob or thugs who have been bribing many officers at his precinct. Coffy doesn\'t believe his strong moral resolve until two hooded men break into Carter\'s house while she\'s there and beat Carter severely. It is later discovered that Carter will be lucky to walk again. This enrages Coffy, giving her further validation to continue her work as a vigilante, killing those responsible for harming Carter and her sister. Coffy\'s boyfriend Howard Brunswick  is a city councillor who appears to be deeply in love with Coffy at the beginning of the film. Coffy admires Brunswick for his body as well as his use of law to solve societal problems. She is very happy when he announces his plan to run for Congress, and his purchase of a night club. The two share a passionate love scene in the first part of the film that helps build the viewer\'s image of Coffy\'s sensual and stereotypical feminine side, while still portraying her in the rest of the film as a hardcore crime fighter. Coffy\'s next targets are a pimp named King George , who is supposedly one of the largest providers of prostitutes and illegal substances in the city, and Mafia boss Arturo Vitroni . Coffy questions and abuses a former patient of hers who was a known drug user to gain insight into the type of woman King George likes and where he keeps his stash of drugs. This is the first scene where Coffy brutalizes another woman and shows no remorse because the former patient is using drugs again and thus a societal deviant. Coffy quickly goes to a resort posing as a Jamaican woman looking to work for King George. George is quickly interested in her exotic nature and asks her to come with him back to his house to experience Coffy himself first. One of the prostitutes returns from a far away job and gets disgruntled and jealous when seeing George taking such a liking to Coffy. At a party later that day Coffy and the other prostitutes get into a massive brawl, which entices mob boss Vitroni and he demands that he have her tonight. Coffy prepares herself to murder Vitroni and just when she is about to shoot, is overtaken by his men. She lies and tells Vitroni that King George ordered her to kill him, which makes Vitroni order George to be murdered. Vitroni\'s men kill George by dragging him through the streets by a noose. Coffy then discovers her clean-cut boyfriend is actually corrupt when she\'s shown to him at a meeting of the mob and several police officials. He denies knowing her other than as a prostitute and Coffy is sent to her death. Once again, Coffy uses her sexuality to seduce her would-be killers. They try injecting her with drugs to sedate her, but she had switched these out for sugar earlier. Faking a high, she kills her unsuspecting hitmen with a piece of glass. Running to avoid capture, Coffy car-jacks a vehicle to escape. Coffy drives to Vitroni\'s house, murders him, and then goes to Brunswick\'s to do the same. He pleads forgiveness and just as she is about to accept, a naked white woman comes out of the bedroom. At this, Coffy shoots Brunswick in the groin. The film then closes with Coffy being satisfied at having avenged her sister and Carter.'] ["The plot involves an African American veteran of the Vietnam War, played by Gene Washington, who returns home to find that his brother  has been killed. The killing was done by a white motorcycle gang who objected to the fact that the Robert Howard character had been dating a white woman. The Gene Washington character and his motorcycle gang, also known as the Black Six, attempt to avenge the brother's death. The gang encounters a number of obstacles, including hostile motorcycle gangs  and prejudiced policemen. The movie ends in an inconclusive battle royale with caucasian white-supremist biker gang.<ref nameInternet Movie Database - The Black Six Plot|url2008-08-03}}"] ['Truck Turner  is a former professional football player who becomes a bounty hunter  in search of a bail-jumping pimp in Los Angeles, California. After a shootout where Truck has to use deadly force to kill the pimp, Turner becomes a marked man and is targeted by hired assassins.'] ['The story is about a scientist, Professor Mason, who invented a powerful freezing bomb for a gangster leader nicknamed "the Pig". Mason changes his mind and kills himself in order to not let his secret in the hands of the Pig. The scientist\'s assistant runs away with the plans, but is chased by the gangster\'s henchmen. The local police chief, Capt. Gallagher, gets put on the case an investigator, martial arts expert Detective Ash.'] ['Stud Brown played by Timothy Brown teams up with a Chinese kung-fu expert Larry Chin played by Alan Tang to fight a drug ring. Internet Movie Database Dynamite Brothers Larry Chin is in the U.S. trying to find his older brother but not before he is captured as an illegan alien by a crooked cop "Burke" played by Aldo Ray. Larry Chin is handcuffed to Stud Brown who was in custody and the two of them escape and end up in Watts.COLLAMER-JONES.COM The Dynamite Brother The film was also released in some countries with various titles such as Stud Brown, Killing Of A Chinese Bookie etc.'] ['The story centers around Isaac Hendrix , a young college student studying law and a taxi-cab driver in New Orleans. While out on a night of fun with his friends and wife, Christella during a hypnosis act, he becomes an unwilling host for the restless spirit of J.D Walker, a hustler killed during the 40s. Over the course of the film "Ike" finds his own personality gradually being taken over by the sociopathic Walker, even eventually going so far as to adopt his hair and fashion style, mannerisms, and psychotic tendencies . With the spirit of J.D. in complete control he turns his attention toward wreaking vengeance against the man responsible for killing his sister, Theotis Bliss. Ike commits havoc all over town along the way before making his way to the church where Theotis\' brother works as a preacher, where he finally reveals himself and instructs Elijah to tell Theotis to meet him "on the killin\' ground". Ike\'s wife has meanwhile gone to her ex-husband, a cop who is out for Ike\'s blood believing him to be a simple psycho hiding behind a false persona--until he mentions to the Chief that Ike claimed his name was J.D. Walker, a man who was not only real, but had died over 30 years ago. J.D. was a hustler who ran numbers during World War II as well as a black-market meat plant where he was murdered by Theotis Bliss after witnessing the murder of his own sister, Betty Jo, at his hands because of her derisive chiding of him and threatening to expose the secret she held about her baby daughter. After being discovered over Betty Jo\'s lifeless body with her blood on his hand, Elijah Bliss , Betty Jo\'s husband and the believed father of her child , accused J.D of being the killer and J.D was gunned down on the spot by Theotis to cover up the event. Following Theotis to the old factory, Elijah finally learns the truth before getting into a struggle with Theotis for his gun, during which the weapon discharges and kills Theotis while Ike watches and laughs maniacally as the event plays out. His business complete, J.D. appears to leave Ike\'s body and thanks to Elijah\'s testimony, he is allowed to go free to rejoin his wife and friends waiting for him outside. Joan Pringle went on to star in the defunct NBC serial Generations; Glynn Turman went on to star as Colonel Taylor on NBC\'s A Different World and most recently appeared on The CW comedy, All of Us in 2006.'] ['J.J. , a rising star in the black crime scene, is in the process of consolidating his power over the neighborhood. One of the only remaining obstacles is the white heroin cartel that is understandably reluctant to abandon such a lucrative market. Tensions rise, and an explosive confrontation is the result.'] ["This film is set in Harlem, of which 110th Street is an informal boundary line. By-the-book African-American Lieutenant William Pope  has to work with crude, racist but streetwise Italian-American Captain Frank Mattelli  in the NYPD's 27th precinct. They are looking for three black men who slaughtered seven men&mdash;three black gangsters and two Italian gangsters, as well as two patrol officers&mdash;in the robbery of $300,000 from a Mafia-owned Harlem policy bank. Mafia lieutenant Nick D'Salvio  and his two henchmen are also after the hoods. Paul Benjamin plays the troubled Jim Harris, who is the last of the surviving robbers; he makes his choice in the emotional climax. In one of many violent scenes, D'Salvio finds getaway driver Henry J. Jackson  and brutalizes him in a Harlem whorehouse."] ["While New York is never at a loss for criminal activity, things take a turn for the worse when the corrupt co-owner of a funeral parlor and insurance agency kills his partner, a personal friend of John Shaft, only to discover that the money he was planning to steal so to pay his gambling debts is missing. He makes a deal with the mobster he owes  to split the business but also makes the same deal with crime lord Bumpy Jonas . The bullets start flying when the hoods find they've been played against each other, and Shaft is forced to clean up the mess."] ["Small-time pimp Luca Canali  is hunted by both local mobsters and two killers  sent by the New York mafia after a shipment of heroin fails to arrive. But it becomes apparent he is not as soft as he appears as a deadly cat-and-mouse game is played out on the streets of Milan. The film contains a dramatic chase scene where Canali pursues an assassin both on car and on foot. The two American hitmen have contrasting personalities. Dave  is something of a playboy and loudmouth, while Frank  is quiet and professional. The concept of two hitmen teamed up, one black and one white, appears to have been a likely inspiration for the characters played by John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction.Italian B-Movies: Tarantino's inspiration"] ['Petey Wheatstraw  is born during a great Miami hurricane, and after a difficult labor by his mother, emerges as a talking, diaper-wearing six year old boy who promptly attacks the doctor, and then his father for "disturbing me in my sleep every night." His mother puts him in his place, and names him "Petey Wheatstraw." While a teenager, Petey meets a mentor "Bantu" who teaches him the philosophy of "Kung Fu," and self-respect - vowing to bow before no man. Petey grows up to become a successful nightclub comedian, who books a series of shows at a club in Los Angeles called "Steve\'s Den" - much to the dismay of comedy rivals Leroy and Skillet, who have just borrowed a large sum of money from the Mob to finance their own opening at another club. Realizing that their show is likely to fail with Petey in town , they beg Petey to delay his act. When Petey refuses to do so, Leroy and Skillet send out their henchmen to convince Petey otherwise. Leroy and Skillet\'s henchmen gun down Petey\'s business partner Ted\'s little brother Larry, and then attempt to wipe out Petey himself at the boy\'s funeral by machine gunning the entire party. Mortally wounded, Petey is visited by "Lou Cipher" - the Devil himself - who tells him that his death was a mistake. He is willing to undo Petey\'s death on one condition - that Petey marry the Devil\'s daughter and provide him with a grandson. Petey nearly quashes the deal when he sees the picture of the Devil\'s ugly daughter, but hears the words of Bantu - and decides to make a deal. Petey and his friends are brought back to life, and Petey tells them of the Devil\'s deal and his plans to gain revenge on Leroy and Skillet - and trick the Devil by not marrying his daughter. Armed with the Devil\'s own magic "Pimp Cane," Petey sets out to exact his revenge.'] ['Eddie Turner  stepped on a land mine in Vietnam and lost all his limbs. His fiancee, Doctor Winifred Walker , thinks she\'s found help for him in her former teacher and colleague Doctor Stein ([[John Hart , who has recently won a Nobel Peace Prize for "solving the DNA genetic code". In a tour of Doctor Stein\'s home-slash-laboratory, Doctor Walker is introduced to his other patients: a ninety-year-old woman with the appearance of a fifty-year-old woman , and a Frenchman whose lower legs have been successfully re-attached with the help of Doctor Stein\'s "DNA solution". Doctor Walker is startled when she sees one of the Frenchman\'s legs is tiger-striped, which Doctor Stein attributes to "an unknown RNA problem" which he hopes to correct during the course of treatment. His assistant, Malcomb, seems overly interested in her reaction to this sight. Meanwhile, Eddie is being verbally abused by the orderly at the Veteran\'s Hospital. When Doctors Stein and Walker arrive to ask if he\'d be interested in submitting to surgery that may correct his limblessness, he consents. Doctor Stein gives Eddie new replacement arms using his trademark "DNA solution", and Eddie seems to be recovering well. Malcomb confesses his attraction to Doctor Walker, who explains she intends to marry Eddie as soon as the surgeries are complete. Malcomb\'s acceptance of her statement has sinister overtones, and he later sabotages the "DNA solution" used during Eddie\'s leg surgeries. As a result, Eddie becomes a moaning, shambling monster reminiscent of Boris Karloff\'s Frankenstein. He is compelled to leave the house to kill, though he returns in time for his ongoing schedule of "DNA solution" injections. The police visit Doctor Stein when the body count reaches three, but Doctor Stein is ignorant of the fact that there is a monster living in his basement. Doctor Walker has become suspicious of Malcomb, and spends her time in the lab, examining the various solutions used during Eddie\'s surgery. One night, returning from his usual senseless rampage, Eddie hears screaming coming from Winifred\'s room. He enters to find Malcomb at her bedside, and interrupts an attempted rape. Malcomb runs from the room, and Winifred does nothing but scream in horror until he returns with a gun. He empties the gun into an unaffected Eddie as Winifred flees. Doctor Stein meets Doctor Walker on the stairs, where she tells him Eddie is the monster. Together they run to the lab. Winifred busies herself with a needle and a bottle . When Eddie draws near, he seems moved by her terror, and backs away, remembering that she is his fiancee. Doctor Stein enters from the side and attacks him. After a brief tussle with his creator, Eddie leaves the house. The police arrive to console Doctor Walker and discover Doctor Stein\'s body. Eddie finds a brunette attempting to start a Jeep, and spends several long minutes unsuccessfully chasing her around an empty industrial warehouse. The police have called for the Los Angeles County Canine Corps. The dobermen surround Eddie, knock him to the ground, and "eat" him.'] ['A young African American orphan  is taken in by the proprietor of a Los Angeles brothel in the 1940s. While working there as a towel boy, he loses his virginity at a young age to one of the prostitutes. The women name him "Sweet Sweetback" in honor of his sexual prowess and large penis. As an adult, Sweetback  works as a performer in the whorehouse, entertaining customers by performing in a sex show. One night, a pair of LAPD officers come in to speak to Sweetback\'s boss, Beetle . A black man had been murdered, and there is pressure from the black community to bring in a suspect. The police ask permission to arrest Sweetback, blame him for the crime, and then release him a few days later for lack of evidence, in order to appease the black community. Beetle agrees, and the officers arrest Sweetback. On the way to the police station, the officers arrest a young Black Panther named Mu-Mu . They handcuff him to Sweetback, but when Mu-Mu insults the officers, they take both men out of the car, undo the handcuff from Mu-Mu\'s wrist, and beat him. In response, Sweetback uses the handcuffs, still hanging from his wrist, to beat the officers into unconsciousness. The remainder of the film chronicles Sweetback\'s flight through South Central Los Angeles towards the United States–Mexico border. Sweetback is captured by the police and violently interrogated about his previous assault on the arresting officers, but he escapes when a riot breaks out. Sweetback goes to a woman who cuts his handcuffs off in exchange for sex. With his handcuffs off, Sweetback continues onward, only to be captured by a chapter of the Hells Angels. The female leader of the gang is impressed by the size of Sweetback\'s penis, and agrees to help him and Mu-Mu escape from the police in exchange for sex. The police find Sweetback and Mu-Mu at the bikers\' hangout, but Sweetback escapes on foot while Mu-Mu goes away with the bikers. Mu-Mu and one of the bikers  are killed. After his escape from the bikers\' hangout, a white man sympathetic to Sweetback\'s cause agrees to switch clothes with him, allowing the usually velour-clad Sweetback to blend in. The police find Sweetback\'s former foster mother, who reveals that Sweetback\'s birth name is Leroy. The film concludes in the desert, where the L.A. police send several hunting dogs after Sweetback. He makes it into the Tijuana River, and escapes into Mexico, swearing to return to "collect dues".'] ['Vonetta McGee plays Thomasine and Julien plays Bushrod in a film intended as a counterpart to the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde. Thomasine and Bushrod go on a crime spree through the American south between 1911 and 1915, acting as Robin Hood type heroes who steal from rich, white capitalists, then give to Mexicans, Native Americans and poor whites.'] ['The film was inspired by the 1970s heroine blaxploitation films such as Tamara Dobson\'s Cleopatra Jones , and Pam Grier\'s Coffy  and Foxy Brown . The title character even had a catchphrase; upon apprehending a criminal, Love would declare, "you\'re under arrest, Sugah!" The film proved a big success, and consequently spawned a short-lived television series on the ABC network featuring Charles Cioffi as Love\'s supervisor Matt Reardon and Jack Kelly as Lt. Ryan, the next supervisor. However, the series, financed on a meager budget and heavily sanitized to conform to Graves\' religious morals , was eventually cancelled. One episode featured many of Graves\' former Laugh-In co-stars such as Judy Carne, Jo Anne Worley and Arte Johnson in particular playing a mad bomber. Another notable guest star was Jaclyn Smith, who appeared in an episode entitled "A Fashion Heist."http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0587416/'] ['The story centers on a Voodoo queen using zombies to take revenge on a group of White gangsters: helping her out is the Voodoo lord of the dead, Baron Samedi. The zombies in this film more closely resemble the creatures of voodoo legend - i.e. the walking dead who do the bidding of a human master - than the flesh-eating living dead ghouls now currently popular. According to the film, the zombies are the preserved bodies of slaves brought to the United States from Guinea.'] ['Martel Gordone had been wandering aimlessly through the desert when he is finally picked up by an African-American woman driving a van dubbed the “Shaggin’ Wagon”. The woman, Linda, that picks him up is actually a prostitute on her way to some clients. On the way to the diner where the two parties are to meet Linda and Gordone  spark a few interests between each other, but Linda decides to wait until after she has finished with her clients, “You know, honey, it’s got to be business before pleasure, and I’m sure you’re a real pleasure.”Kennedy, Isaac, Dir. Penitentiary. Dir. Jamaa Fanaka." Perf. Isaac , Kennedy, and Pollard, Thommy. 1979, Film. They reach the diner and Linda meets with her clients, but when Gordone doesn’t like how she is being treated, he decides to confront the two for their unruly behavior. The confrontation does not bode well for Gordone, for after a little tousling he is knocked out and falls to the ground. He wakes up to find that he has been charged for the murder of one of the bikers whom he had confronted earlier.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079709/ Gordone is sent to jail and becomes cellmates with a man that goes by the name of "Half Dead." While in his cell, Gordone has to defend himself from constant advances from his cellmate and after a couple more advances Gordone decides to defend himself from the brute. The two battle it out in the cell until the walls are covered with sweat and blood and Gordone rises triumphantly. The wailing and begging of the prisoner who Gordone beats up attracts a lot of attention, and as it just so happens there is an illegal boxing tournament that goes on within the prison led by Lieutenant Arnsworth. The winner of the tournament is allowed to leave the prison on early parole because Lieutenant Arnsworth can pull a few strings on the parole board, and Gordone feels as though he would be able to win it. The only thing that stands in his way is a man by the name of Jesse "The Bull" Amos, who is in charge of everything within the prison and is the leader of the prisons’ strongest gang.'] [' Jeff Gerber  lives in an average suburban neighborhood with his seemingly liberal housewife Althea , who tolerates her husband\'s character flaws out of love, and two children, Burton  and Janice . Every morning when Jeff wakes up, he spends some time under a tanning machine, bats around a boxing ball, drinks a health drink, and races the bus to work on foot. Jeff presents himself as happy-go-lucky and quite a joker, but others tend to see him as obnoxious and boorish. Althea, who watches the race riots every night on TV with great interest, chastises Jeff for not having sympathy for the problems of black Americans. One morning, Jeff wakes up to find that his pigment has changed. He tries to fall back asleep, thinking that it is a dream, but to no avail. He tries taking a shower to wash the "black" off him, but finds it doesn\'t work, when Althea walks into the bathroom, and screams. He explains to her that the "Negro in the bathroom" is him. At first, Jeff believes this to be the result of spending too much time under the tanning machine. He spends almost the entire day at home, afraid to go out of the house, only going out once to venture into the "colored part of town" in order to find a pharmacy to buy "the stuff they use in order to make themselves look white." His attempts to change his skin color fail. The next day, he is persuaded to get up and go to work. Things start out well at first, until Jeff is accused of "stealing something" while trying to eat at a restaurant for whites only. The policeman assumes that, since he is a black man, he must have stolen something. During his lunch break, he makes an appointment with his doctor who cannot explain Jeff\'s "condition" either. After several calls, the doctor suggests that Jeff might be more comfortable with a black doctor. Returning home, he finds Althea afraid to answer the phone. He doesn\'t understand why until he receives a call from a man telling him to "move out, nigger." At work the next day, a secretary  makes several advances toward him, finding him more attractive as a black man. Jeff\'s boss suggests that they could drum up extra business with a "Negro" salesman. At home one evening, he finds the people who had made the threatening phone calls, who offer him $50,000 for his home. Jeff manages to raise the price to $100,000. Althea sends the children to a relative and later leaves her husband. Finally accepting the fact that he is black, Jeff quits his regular job, buys an apartment building, and starts his own insurance company. The final scene shows him practicing martial arts with black menial workers, apparently having become one of the militants he used to put down.'] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] ['The Soul of Nigger Charley continues the story of escaped slave Charley  and fellow ex-slave Toby . This time, the two friends help a group of ex-slaves earn freedom as they combat a ruthless ex-Civil War officer who wants to keep slavery alive by selling blacks to Southern plantation owners in Mexico.'] ["Dr. Henry Pryde  is a noteworthy scientist who is working on an experimental remedy for liver damage. Along with his colleague, Dr. Billie Worth , he perfects a serum that has the potential to reverse damaged liver tissue. Pryde also donates his services as a medical practitioner to a free clinic in the Watts projects. Motivated by reasons that seem to be connected to the traumatic death of his mother when he was younger, Pryde begins a series of unorthodox experiments to test his serum. First he injects a dying elderly patient with the treatment, causing a violent reaction that causes the black woman's skin and hair to briefly turn white. When Dr. Worth, who is clearly in love with Henry, objects to his unethical experiment, Henry uses the serum on himself. The results are disastrous: he transforms into a hulking white creature. From here, Pryde's mental condition seems to rapidly deteriorate. He has a genuine affection for a young woman named Linda , a patient he treats for hepatitis at the clinic. Linda is a prostitute, and when Dr. Pryde unexpectedly asks her out on a date, he reveals to her that he harbors resentment over the death of his mother when he was a child; Pryde's mother worked as a cleaning woman in a bordello, and the prostitutes refused to help her when she fell ill, resulting in her death. Linda is touched by Pryde's revelation, until he takes her to his house and tries to get her to take the serum. She refuses but Pryde turns forceful, and Linda tries to deflect him by asking him to take the injection first just to prove that it is safe. Pryde transforms and tries to attack her, but she escapes. Seemingly beyond control now, Pryde begins murdering the prostitutes and pimps that Linda works with. When the police begin to investigate, Linda is tormented by the fact that she knows who the murderer is, yet feels helpless to stop it. Pryde realizes that Linda will give him away, and he attacks her as Mr. Hyde, dragging her to the Watts Towers. Confronted by police, Hyde releases Linda and climbs the towers, where he is shot down and falls to his death."] ["In Cleveland, Ohio, a group of black men, some of them ex-co-workers from the steel factory, need to hide their good friend Johnny. Tank, one of Johnny's best friends, has problems with alcoholism, and almost gets Johnny in jail. The revolutionary group formed by the black men is going through a deeper radicalization, and they see Tank's inconsistent behavior as a menace to their revolution. In disillusionment with the group, out of money and unemployed, Tank seeks shelter at Laurie's house. She's seeing the representative of the welfare office. Tank feels bad because he thinks he should be supporting Laurie and her kids, and he gets into a fight with the representative, causing Laurie to lose the few dollars she made every month to feed their kids. She dumps him, and tells him to come back only when he has a job and money to put food on the table. When Tank is leaving Laurie's, a voice calls him from inside of a burnt house: it is Johnny, who had been hiding, and was looking for Tank. He tells Tank that he needs to see his mother before he flees from town. Tank urges him not to do it, but Johnny insists. They leave each other saying they love each other. Tank then meets Daisy, a homosexual who makes good money by informing the police about the activities of the black revolutionaires. Daisy brings Tank to his apartment, and shows him two photographs: one of them shows Tank fighting two police officers during a riot, and the other one is the picture of Johnny on a wanted sign. The police are paying $1,000 for a tip that leads them to Johnny. After an argument with the revolutionaires, who say that Johnny told them to get rid of him, Tank becomes enraged and goes after the police. The cops rush to the residence of Johnny's mother, while Tank goes to a bar and pays everybody lots of drinks. Tank wanders aimlessly around town, visiting the steel factory where he worked for 20 years, and also an amusement park where he shoots a cowboy puppet a few times and argues with some white people in front of some distortion mirrors. The police surrounds Johnny, and he tries to shoot his way out, only to be shot down by the police. Tank goes to his funeral trying not to raise suspicion, but his guilt makes the revolutionaires a bit wary. Tank tells them that Daisy was the one who sold Johnny to the cops, and Tank goes over to his apartment to tell him to flee. Two of the revolutionaires enter the apartment, and Daisy proves them that Tank was guilty. Tank is then submitted by a para-legal trial on an abandoned bowling alley, and sentenced to death by his ex-comrades. He manages to flee, and jumps over a train. Hiding in a small hotel, he calls Laurie, who visits him. He tells her what he did, and asks her to explain to him why he did it. He says nobody can explain to him why he killed his best friend. At the end of the film, Tank is followed to an industrial area where the steel company stores their iron ore. He waves and shouts at the two men who are in pursuit of him. One of them tries to shoot him, but feels bad about it and gives up. The other man takes the gun and fires 3 times. Tanks falls from the platforms where he is standing. His body lies in the iron ore pile. A giant excavator dumps several tons of iron ore over his dead body, the screen is filled with the falling ore until it turns black, and the words THE END fade in."] ['On Falconhurst, a run-down plantation owned by the widowed Warren Maxwell  and his son Hammond , a Mandingo slave Ganymede, or Mede , is trained to fight other slaves. Hammond neglects his wife Blanche ([[Susan George , whom he rejects on their wedding night after discovering she was not a virgin. Hammond instead ravishes his slave Ellen , while Blanche seduces Mede. These various, conflicting affairs all eventually come together causing the film to end tragically.'] ["In the mid-to-late 1960s, three young African-American men leave their small Southern hometown to join the United States Army and fight in the Vietnam War. Upon their return home, they take up the cause of battling the racial injustices prevalent in the town. When the town's Ku Klux Klan members offer a murderously violent reaction to their efforts, the trio uses the lessons they learned in the army, fighting the Vietcong, to conduct an all-out war against the Klan."] ['Pike , the right-hand man of cattle rancher Bob Morgan , is entrusted with a mission to deliver $86,000 across the border to the Morgan Ranch in Sonora, Mexico after his boss dies. Pike teams up with dishonest gambler Tyree  and are forced to trust each other while being pursued by various outlaws and gunmen trying to possess the money, including the ruthless bounty hunter Kiefer  and corrupt sheriff Kane ([[Barry Sullivan . Along the way the duo comes across a prostitute  in need of rescuing and Kashtok , a mute Indian scout skilled in martial arts who help them on their journey. After numerous gun battles and chase sequences, Pike and Tyree reach the end of the line at an abandoned mine, where they duke it out over the money, yet finally settle and work together after getting word of the approaching gunmen. They devise a plan to escape by using explosives to blow up the mine shaft behind them, killing all their pursuers except for Kiefer, who decides to forgo his bounty and let the men continue their quest to reach the ranch.'] ["{{Empty section}} The film is about Diana Jackson , who learns her brother is missing. She suspects a powerful gangster and his friends are behind the disappearance. Determined to get at the truth, she goes to Hong Kong, and along with a friend named Joe, wages war on the criminal gang she's out to nail."] ['The story begins with two government agents — Matthew Johnson and Melvin Johnson — being captured by the Dragon Lady Stella Stevens. Cleopatra Jones then travels to Hong Kong to rescue the agents. Jones pairs up with Tanny  and ends up in the Dragon Lady’s casino, which in actuality, is the headquarters for her underground drug empire. Jones and Tanny use their combat skills to battle the Dragon Lady’s henchmen and rescues the agents.<ref nameBlaxploitation Films of the 1970s |isbnNovotny Lawrence |publisher2008}}'] ['Tommy Gibbs  is an African-American who grew up in Harlem, New York City. As a kid, he was brutally assaulted by a racist white cop. The incident led him to a life of crime. As an adult, he joins New York mafia and becomes the head of a black crime syndicate in Harlem. He wages a gang war with the Italian mobsters of New York City and begins to establish a criminal empire. Later on, he meets and falls in love with a beautiful black woman named Helen  and marries her.'] ['Three British  agents, including one "on loan" to the American government, are killed within 24 hours, under mysterious circumstances, while monitoring the operations of Dr. Kananga, the dictator of a small Caribbean island, San Monique. James Bond – agent 007, sometimes referred to as simply \'007\' – is sent to New York to investigate the first murder. Kananga is also in New York, visiting the United Nations. Just after Bond arrives, his driver is shot dead by a passing motorist, while taking Bond to meet Felix Leiter of the CIA. Bond is nearly killed in the ensuing car crash.  A trace on the killer\'s licence plate eventually leads Bond to Mr. Big, a ruthless and cunning gangster who runs a chain of Fillet of Soul restaurants throughout the United States. It is here that Bond first meets Solitaire, a beautiful virgin tarot expert who has the uncanny ability to see both the future and remote events in the present. Mr. Big, who is actually Kananga in disguise, demands that his henchmen kill Bond, but Bond overpowers them and escapes unscathed. Bond flies to San Monique, where he meets Rosie Carver, a CIA double agent. They meet up with a friend of Bond\'s, Quarrel Jr., who takes them by boat to Solitaire\'s home. Bond suspects Rosie of working for Kananga. She is shot dead, remotely, by Kananga, to stop her confessing the truth to Bond. Inside Solitaire\'s house, Bond uses a stacked tarot deck of cards, that show only "The Lovers", to trick her into thinking that seduction is in her future, and then seduces her. Solitaire loses her ability to foretell the future when she loses her virginity to Bond and is forced into cooperating with Bond to bring down Kananga. Bond and Solitaire escape by boat and fly to New Orleans. There, Bond is captured by \'Mr. Big\', who reveals himself to be Kananga. It transpires that Kananga is producing two tons of heroin and is protecting the poppy fields by exploiting locals\' fear of voodoo and the occult. Through his alter ego, Mr. Big, Kananga plans to distribute the heroin free of charge at his Fillet of Soul restaurants, which will increase the number of addicts. Kananga also believes that other drug dealers, namely the Mafia, cannot compete with his giveaway, to which Kananga can later charge high prices for the heroin, after he has simultaneously cultivated huge drug dependency and bankrupted his competitors. Kananga asks Bond if he has slept with Solitaire. When he finds out that he has, Kananga turns Solitaire over to Baron Samedi to be sacrificed, as her ability to read tarot cards is gone. Meanwhile, Kananga\'s one-armed henchman, Tee Hee Johnson, leaves Bond to be eaten by crocodiles at a farm in the Louisiana backwoods. Bond escapes by running along the animals\' backs to safety. He sets the farm on fire and steals a speedboat. He is then pursued by Kananga\'s men, as well as local Sheriff J.W. Pepper and the Louisiana State Police. Back in San Monique, Bond rescues Solitaire from the voodoo sacrifice with a .44 Magnum Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver and throws Samedi into a coffin of snakes. Bond and Solitaire escape below ground into Kananga\'s lair. Kananga captures them both and proceeds to lower them into a shark tank. Bond escapes and forces a shark gun pellet into Kananga\'s mouth, causing him to blow up like a balloon, float to the top of the cave, and explode. After the job is done, Felix puts Bond and Solitaire onto a train and out of the country. Tee Hee Johnson follows Bond and Solitaire onto the train and tries to kill Bond, but loses his prosthetic arm in a fight with him and is flung out of the window. As the film ends, Bond comforts Solitaire, and a laughing Samedi is revealed perched on the front of the speeding train.'] ["B.J. Hammer is a boxer who rises up the ranks with help from the Mafia. However, Hammer doesn't realize that the help comes with a price: He is asked to throw a fight. Gangsters threaten to harm his girlfriend in an attempt to force him to go through with their plan. Hammer is forced to figure out a way to save his dignity and the life of his girlfriend, who has been kidnapped by gangsters."] ['Martel "Too Sweet" Gordone earned his parole from jail by winning a prison boxing tournament. All Gordone wants to do is start a peaceful life, but a condition of his release is that he work for a boxing promoter. Gordone has no interest in boxing and wants to live with his sister and her husband who support his desire to start over. However, when some of his enemies from prison escape and kill his girlfriend, Gordone changes his plans and returns to the ring.'] ["Aaron Loves Angela is about two teenagers living in the slums of New York City who are deeply in love with each other. Angela , who is Puerto Rican, falls in love with Aaron , who is black. Their relationship is not approved by either of their parents. They both rebel against their parents' prejudices, but soon find out that their friends and neighbors share the same prejudices as their parents."] ["With archive film clips and interviews, this brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record. Features interviews with some of the genre's biggest stars, like Fred Williamson, Pam Grier, and Richard Roundtree. Director Melvin Van Peebles discusses the historical importance of his landmark film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. For a contemporary perspective, the excitable Quentin Tarantino offers his spirited commentary and author/critic bell hooks provides some scholarly social analysis. The music of Blaxploitation films is discussed, focusing on Curtis Mayfield's Super Fly and Isaac Hayes' Shaft. Interviews with writer/director Larry Cohen and film historian Armond White are also featured. BaadAsssss Cinema was originally shown on the Independent Film Channel in August 2002 as part of a week-long Blaxploitation film festival.  *Larry Cohen *Ron Finley *Pam Grier *Ed Guerrero *Gloria Hendry *bell hooks *Samuel L. Jackson *Elvis Mitchell *Afeni Shakur *Quentin Tarantino *Melvin Van Peebles *Armond White *Fred Williamson *Isaac Hayes — archive footage *Roy Innis — archive footage *Jesse Jackson — archive footage *Ron O'Neal — archive footage *Gordon Parks — archive footage"] ['Two black bounty hunters, "Boss Nigger" and Amos , ride into a small Western town in pursuit of fugitive Jed Clayton ([[William Smith . When they discover that the town has no sheriff, "Boss Nigger" takes that position for himself after outsmarting the cowardly white mayor . As sheriff, "Boss Nigger" kills several outlaws who work for Jed. He soon meets two women, Miss Pruit , a white schoolteacher who falls in love with him, and Clara Mae, a black woman  who is saved by "Boss Nigger" early in the film. She is also in love with him. Mayor Griffin soon tries to rape Clara Mae. Mayor Griffin then alerts Jed of the new sheriff, and of the murder of and imprisonment of some of his outlaws. Jed and his outlaws then attempt to help the imprisoned outlaw escape by blowing a hole in the prison wall using dynamite. The plan does not go well. However, Jed and his outlaws tie "Boss Nigger" to a pole, and Jed tells him that he will die a slow, painful death. However, Amos and Clara Mae, who was kidnapped by Jed\'s men, help "Boss Nigger" escape. After he escapes, however, Jed and his men ride into town. Jed tries to rape Clara Mae, but she rejects him, and so he kills her with his revolver. A shootout occurs between Jed and his men and "Boss Nigger" and his allies. Jed and "Boss" have a face off, ending with "Boss Nigger" finally killing Jed. However,as he steps outside, "Boss" is shot twice and severely wounded by Mayor Griffin. "Boss" and Amos leave town after "Boss" kisses Miss Pruit goodbye. As they ride off, the theme song of Boss Nigger plays.'] ["Steve Jackson , a blue-collar worker at a steel mill, has just begun a two-weeks-long vacation. He is convinced by his friend Wardell Franklin  to go to a party that Saturday night at Madam Zenobia's, an uptown nightclub. While the two are at the party, the club is robbed. The masked bandits force the patrons to strip to their underwear, then steal their money and jewellery, including Steve's wallet. The following day, Steve is at home and reading his newspaper when he learns he has won the lottery. However, he realizes that the lottery ticket was in the wallet that was stolen from him, and Steve and Wardell spend the remainder of the film tracking down his wallet by consulting with crooked politicians, fake detectives, con-artists, and underworld crime bosses."] ['Used and abused hookers decide to take a stand in this fantasy thriller by director Sean Weathers. Tired of their pimps beating them and taking their money these hoes decide to branch out on their own, however Cleopatra  their new leader is just as bad if not worse than the pimps they were running from in the first place, working them endless hours and taking virtually all of their money. Irony and satire abound as these hoes learn the hard way that corruption and mistreatment isn’t limited to their male counterparts.Plot Synopsis by Jason Buchanan AllRovi.comAmazon.com movie page'] ["The story takes place in the early 1970s in Chicago. The CIA has been required for political reasons to recruit African-Americans for training. Only one of them, Dan Freeman ([[Lawrence Cook , secretly a black nationalist, successfully completes the training process. He becomes the first black man in the agency and is given a desk job—Top Secret Reproduction Center Sections Chief . Freeman understands that he is the token black person in the CIA, and that the CIA defines his function as providing proof of the agency's supposed commitment to integration and progress. Therefore, after completing his training in guerrilla warfare techniques, weaponry, communications and subversion, Freeman puts in just enough time to avoid raising any suspicions about his motives before he resigns from the CIA and returns to work in the social services in Chicago. Upon his return, Freeman immediately begins recruiting young black men living in the inner city of Chicago to become “Freedom Fighters” teaching them all of the guerrilla warfare tactics that he learned from the CIA. They become a guerrilla group with Freeman as the secret leader. The “Freedom Fighters” set out to ensure that black people truly live freely within the United States by partaking in both violent and non-violent actions throughout Chicago. The “Freedom Fighters” of Chicago begin spreading the word about their guerrilla warfare tactics across the United States; as Freeman says, “What we got now is a colony, what we want is a new nation.” As revolt and a war of liberation continues in the inner city of Chicago, the National Guard and the police desperately try to stop the “freedom fighters.” The film provides discussions about black militancy and the violent reactions that took place by white America in response to the progress of the Civil Rights Movement."] ['The Mafia learns that a new civic center will be built, and they buy all of the land for the site of the building&mdash;all except for one place: a karate school owned by Pop Byrd, Black Belt Jones\' old friend. Pop Byrd had borrowed money from a local drug dealer, Pinky, in order to open his school. Pinky had been stealing money from the mafia and was forced to pay them $250,000 or get Pop\'s building for them. Pinky inflated the debt, with the intent of offering Pop the deal of trading his building in exchange for the debt being cleared. However, things do not go as planned, as Pop is accidentally killed by Pinky\'s men during an intimidation attempt. Before he dies, he states that he couldn\'t give them the building to settle his debt, because it did not belong to him, but to someone named Sydney. Pinky then decides to send his men to the karate school, to inform them of Pop\'s debt  and attempt the same scheme. However, the thugs are beaten up by Black Belt Jones and the students. Meanwhile, a woman arrives to attend Pop\'s funeral, who is none other than Sydney, the daughter of the late Pop Byrd. After demanding to know what happened to her father, she is informed of the mafia\'s activities as well as her father\'s debt, but says she won\'t sell the building. Angered, she is determined to punish the people who caused her father\'s death. Informed of Sydney\'s martial arts prowess by Quincy, Black Belt Jones joins forces with her to "clobber the mob".'] ["James Iglehart plays African-American prize fighter Cal Jefferson who is on a honeymoon holiday n Hong Kong with his new wife played by Shirley Washington. Cal comes across a drowning Chinese man whom he jumps in the sea to save. This now revived and very grateful mute man turns out to be someone they cannot get rid of. They finally get rid of him or so it seems. They purchase an item in Hong Kong which becomes the center of a gang's attention. The gang led by Kenneth Metcalfe will stop at nothing to retrieve the item. They leave Hong Kong for Manila, the Philippines and find themselves being attacked with the mute Chinese man coming to their assistance.Bamboo Gods & Iron Men at The Deuce, Grindhouse Cinema Database"] ['“White Folks”  and “Blue” Howard  are two con men in Philadelphia. White Folks is the son of a white father and a black prostitute mother  whose complexion is light enough for him to pass as a white man. Blue is an older black hustler who raised White Folks and taught him “the con”. The pair pulls off the biggest score of their lives but before they can collect the money a previous con is complicating things. Unbeknownst to them their previous victim had mob ties and now they have run afoul of the Mafia and a corrupt cop. They must decide whether to leave town or risk their lives to collect the $130,000 from their most brilliant con.'] ['Oakland, California 1967: John "Goldie" Mickens,  a small-time black drug dealer and his friend Slim  are in the middle of a shootout in a salvage yard after being set up during a botched drug deal. Realizing that they\'re outgunned, Goldie orders Slim to flee the salvage yard. Goldie crashes his car as he attempts to escape and is apprehended by Hank ([[Don Gordon  and Jed ([[William Watson , two corrupt, racist white police detectives. Goldie is tried in court and sentenced to five years in the California State Penitentiary. In prison Goldie almost becomes stir crazy and struggles to maintain his sanity. Five years later, in 1972 Goldie is released from prison and returns to Oakland on a charter bus. He immediately goes into a pool hall where he\'s reunited with his mentor The Blind Man ,{{disambiguation needed}} an aging street hustler and pimp. The Blind Man decides to help Goldie get back on his feet by turning him on to pimping and gives him his first lessons on being a successful pimp: "A pimp is only as good as his product, and his product is women. Now you\'ve got to go out there and get the best ones you can find. And you\'ve got to work them broads like nobody\'s ever worked them before. And never forget: anybody can control a woman\'s body, you see, but the key is to control her mind." After meeting with the Blind Man, Goldie goes to a nightclub where he bumps into Lulu , a childhood girlfriend who is now a prostitute. Lulu tells Goldie that, because she\'s an "outlaw" , that she is constantly antagonized by pimps who are trying to force her to "choose" . Lulu pleads with Goldie to become her pimp and, although initially hesitant, he accepts. As Goldie leaves the bar he\'s met by Hank and Jed, who harass and intimidate him. Goldie then goes to the apartment of his humble and deeply-religious mother  who pleads with Goldie to go to church with her and to abandon his criminal ways. In their conversation it\'s revealed that the Mickens family relocated to California from Alabama after Goldie\'s father was murdered. Goldie rejects his mother\'s pleas, reasoning that he has to face "the man" the only way that he knows how to. Goldie then heads to a meeting where his younger brother Olinga , a Black Nationalist, is giving a speech about creating a "Black America Within But Without White America". The two brothers reunite and Goldie informs Olinga that he\'s going to get his life together, not disclosing to Olinga that he\'s decided to become a pimp, something that he knows Olinga strongly disapproves of. As Goldie sits in a barber shop he overhears the conversations of several pimps, including the cocky and boisterous Pretty Tony  and Frank Ward, the real-life pimp who the film is based on. Goldie begins soaking up the attitude and mentality of a pimp and immediately develops a cold-hearted attitude. This is displayed in the following scene in Lulu\'s apartment where, after having sex with Lulu and reminiscing on their difficult childhoods, Goldie coldy moves Lulu\'s arm off of him and struts to a mirror to look at himself. After being fronted money by the Blind Man in order to get started out Goldie begins pimping, with Lulu as his "bottom bitch" and Slim as his partner in crime . A montage set to the film\'s theme song show Goldie\'s rapid success as a pimp, recruiting several prostitutes including Chico , a loud and sassy prostitute, and Diane  a young white woman from a wealthy family who becomes Goldie\'s favorite hooker. Goldie moves his mother out of her tenement apartment and into an upscale condominium. Goldie teaches his prostitutes how to rob clients and shoplift from expensive department stores. Goldie maintains his sway over the young women by brainwashing them, giving them speeches at a makeshift theater where he tells them what he requires of them as they watch an eleborate film display. As Goldie\'s rise to success becomes evident he\'s confronted with several antagonists. The first is a black gambler who intends to rob Goldie. Goldie and Slim accost the man at gunpoint, lock him in the trunk of Goldie\'s 1971 Cadillac Eldorado, filling the trunk with rats and drive around Oakland with the man screaming in the trunk as the rodents eat away at him before finally dropping him off in front of a hospital. The second antagonist is the Fat Man , a white heroin kingpin who Goldie worked for before going to prison. The Fat Man is jealous of Goldie\'s success and wants Goldie to return to work for him in order to control him. Additionally The Fat Man is angered because Olinga and his group have abducted several black drug dealers under the Fat Man\'s employ in order to turn them into Black Nationalists and to stop them from selling drugs in the black community. Hank and Jed are also angered by Olinga\'s interferrence with their drug racket and routinely brutalize and harass Goldie in an attempt to get Olinga to stop. Goldie and Olinga argue with one another about their activities. Olinga tries to get Goldie to see that pimping black women is no better than drug dealing, as both crimes involve exploiting black people. Goldie tells Olinga that he\'ll support him in ridding the ghetto of the drug dealers, but tells Olinga not to send his group after Goldie. Olinga asserts that, in order to fix the ghetto, they have to get rid of the drug dealers and the pimps at the same time. After Hank and Jed murder Sgt. Duncan , a black police detective who confronted the pair about their illegal activities, they unsuccessfully try to pin the murder on Goldie and Slim, even going so far as trying to force Goldie and Slim to run away from them at gunpoint so that the detectives can shoot them and claim that they attempted to evade arrest. It is at this point that Goldie begins to contemplate his lifestyle and it\'s inevitable consequences. Goldie, along with Slim, Lulu and Diane, attend the Player\'s Ball, an annual gala event highlighting Bay Area pimps. During the festivities the Fat Man once again attempts to force Goldie into working for him. Goldie once again refuses and lambasts the Fat Man for being so greedy that he\'s even willing to sell drugs to children. Goldie celebrates with Slim, Lulu and Diane and is awarded "Mack of the Year" at the Player\'s Ball. The scene then cuts to several days later as Goldie finds Diane dead in a hotel room. When Goldie examines her corpse he notices needle marks on her arm and realizes that she\'s been killed by the Fat Man as a way to get back at Goldie. Goldie meets with the Fat Man in a vacant lot. The Fat Man intends to have his henchman kill Goldie, however the attempt on Goldie\'s life is thwarted when Slim, disguised as a homeless man playing an accordion, kills the Fat Man\'s bodyguards. Goldie, Slim and several of their associates then subdue the Fat Man and kill him by injecting him with battery acid. While gambling at an after hours spot, Goldie and Pretty Tony get into an argument after Pretty Tony\'s top hooker, China Doll , humiliates Pretty Tony by leaving him and "choosing" Goldie in front of the other hustlers at the crap table. Pretty Tony threatens Goldie, telling him "You\'re gonna wish you was never born, nigga!" and leaves. Later an unidentified man knocks on Goldie\'s mother\'s door, announcing himself as "A friend of Goldie\'s". When Goldie\'s mother answers the door the man points a gun at her. Goldie visits his mother at the hospital. She has been severely beaten by the assailant and is unconscious. She awakens to find Goldie at her bedside, who lies to her and tells her that the doctor says she will be alright. Broken-hearted and disappointed, she looks away from Goldie and slips into death. Goldie and Slim track down Pretty Tony. After a brief shootout they chase Pretty Tony into an abandoned warehouse. Pretty Tony stabs Slim with his cane sword, but only causes a minor injury. Goldie and Slim hold Pretty Tony at gunpoint while Goldie forces Pretty Tony to stab himself in the buttocks repeatedly with the sword as payback for stabbing Slim. Goldie and Slim then bind Pretty Tony to a chair and gag him with a stick of dynamite, then leave as a helpless Pretty Tony is blown through a warehouse window when the explosives detonate. Hank and Jed arrive to investigate the murder. At their mother\'s funeral Olinga tells a grief-stricken Goldie that he\'s "brought death to their house" because of his criminal activities and that, because of this, he\'s going to help Goldie get revenge against the people responsible for their mother\'s murder. Outside of the funeral home the Blind Man informs Goldie that someone\'s put a contract out on his life. Slim and several of their friends help Goldie evade the would-be hitmen by disguising themselves as movers and getting Goldie out of his condominium as the hitmen arrive to kill him. Goldie and Slim split up to meet at a rendezvous point. When Goldie arrives at the rendezvous point he finds an accordion with Slim\'s blood on it. Hank and Jed appear with their guns drawn on Goldie and confirm that they\'ve killed Slim. The detectives then reveal that they, not Pretty Tony, killed his mother. As they do so Olinga appears from the inside of a vacant building and strangles Jed to death as Goldie disarms a distracted Hank. Hank attempts to plead for his life by claiming that he and Goldie are the same and that Goldie would have done the same thing to Hank. Goldie kills Hank execution-style as Olinga watches. Goldie walks over to Hank and Jed\'s car and finds Chico sitting in the backseat. Chico, resentful of Goldie\'s favorable treatment of Diane over her, revealed to the corrupt cops the addresses of Goldie and his mother. Goldie contemplates shooting Chico, but relents. He throws some pocket change at her and walks away. Realizing that Oakland is now too dangerous for him to remain there, Goldie hugs Olinga goodbye and boards a charter bus leaving the city the same way he came.'] ['Street-smart white detective Danny Bassett  teams with educated black detective Sgt. Jesse Williams  to investigate a theft of $400,000 at a fund-raiser for Representative Aubrey Hale Clayton .<ref name9E06E0DB123BF93AA35753C1A96E958260 FILM REVIEW; Detective Buddies and Racial Boundaries.] New York Times'] ['Nino Brown  and his gang, the Cash Money Brothers, become the dominant drug ring within New York City when crack cocaine is introduced to the city streets during the mid and late 1980s. Meanwhile, Scotty Appleton  has a deal with stick-up kid Pookie . The deal goes wrong when Pookie takes the money and runs, causing Scotty into having a long chase and ends up wounding Pookie. He attempts to arrest him but the police let Pookie go. The CMB then convert an entire apartment complex  into a crack house, with assistance from his Nino\'s right hand man Gee Money  and enforcer Duh Duh Man . Scotty Appleton volunteers to go undercover into infiltrating Nino\'s gang and is partnered with Nick Peretti  as they try to convict the gang with evidence of the drug trafficking. On a mission they spy on the CMB, who are giving food to the poor, including Pookie. Scotty then recruits "Pookie" Robinson to work undercover at the Carter to help them gather incriminating evidence against Nino and the Cash Money Brothers. He then manages to get Pookie into recovery for his drug addiction and then to work for the CMB in a high-tech undercover mission. Pookie ends up relapsing and sneaking drugs. While high, Pookie is caught by Gee Money, who also realizes that Pookie is wired. When the cops realize their cover has been blown, the CMB abandon and burn the Carter complex including any evidence of their activities. Later, the cops tries to reach to Pookie but they find him killed with explosives on him. Nick manages to diffuse the bomb before it explodes. Nino discovers that Gee Money ordered the Carter to be destroyed, which makes Nino angry and threatens Gee Money. After Pookie\'s funeral, Scotty takes matters into his own hands by going undercover as a drug dealer who wants to get in with the CMB. Scotty infiltrates the CMB thanks in part to the ambitions  of Gee Money. On their first encounter, Nino tells Scotty a story of how he murdered a woman as a part of his initiation into the L.A. Boyz as a youth. When questioned by Scotty if the murder was personal or business, Nino explains this away by saying: "My brother, it\'s always business. Never personal." Scotty further gains the trust of Nino after "saving" him from a gun-toting old man and by revealing information about Gee Money\'s side-deal. Nino\'s megalomania separates the crime lord from his gang and is the catalyst for their downfall. Scotty\'s cover gets blown during another police sting of CMB operations when one of Nino\'s fellow gang members Karim ([[Christopher Williams  notices him from Pookie\'s wound situation, leading to a gruesome shootout and several police officers and Duh Duh Duh Man are killed in the shootout. On a boat, Nino confronts Gee Money for his act of betrayal and goes on the run, which Nino then regretfully shoots Gee Money in the head, killing him. After the gang\'s collapse, Nino holes up in an apartment and continues his crime empire solo. Eventually, Nino is caught by the undercover cops. Scotty goes right in the apartment as Nick clearly kills a bodyguard guarding Nino\'s apartment and Nino is beaten on a public street for his crimes against the community and as retribution for the mother\'s murder by Scotty. In rage, he says, "This ain\'t business, bitch, this is personal!" before pointing his gun at Nino to put an end to his nemesis. Nick convinces Scotty to let Nino live. Stone and Nino\'s ex-girlfriend arrive to take the severely injured Nino. Nino makes a remark that he will return before he is taken away. At Nino\'s trial, after turning state\'s evidence while on the stand, Nino Brown pleads guilty to a lesser charge . Nino claims he was forced to work for CMB because they threatened his mother, and points the finger at Kareem, whom he falsely claims was the actual leader of CMB. As Nino walks triumphantly out of the courthouse, he is shot in the chest and falls to his death  by an older man , who had earlier tried to convince the police of Nino\'s destruction of the community and had made an attempt on his life. Nick and Scotty happily leave as news reporters takes pictures of Nino\'s corpse.'] ["The plot centralizes around ex-Vietnam veteran and ex-Green Beret Captain, Slaughter . The film begins with a nicely-dressed African American couple being killed by a car bomb. It then is revealed that the man and woman were the parents of Slaughter, who subsequently is obsessed with avenging their murder. He learns that it was arranged by a Cleveland mafia gang, and starts to track down the mobster who was personally responsible, killing a mafia member in the process. The murderer, however, manages to escape. Slaughter gets arrested and charged with first degree murder, but the FBI offers to drop all charges if he agrees to go to Mexico in order to hunt down and kill the escaped mobster, a deal that Slaughter readily accepts. After arriving to Mexico he meets up with American law enforcement officials in charge of monitoring local crime bosses. It is revealed that the mobster responsible for the murder of Slaughter's parents is a man named Dominic Hoff. After many fights, gun battles and car chases, Slaughter succeeds in killing Hoff by incinerating him alive in his crashed car."] ['The film follows a group of intergalactic homosexual black men from the planet Anus, who discover the presence of female creatures on planet Earth. Using rayguns, they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth, eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population. Before leaving the planet, they leave behind a "Gay Ambassador" to educate the Earthlings about their new way of life.'] ['Priest  has retired from his former life as a cocaine hustler back in the streets of New York and now living comfortably in Rome, Italy with his lover Georgia (Frazier. Through a mutual associate he plays cards with, he comes into contact with Dr. Lamine Sonko . a native of a small African country. Dr. Sonko is a revolutionary living in Rome also and would like Priest to assist him with supplying guns for his fellow countrymen to defeat colonialism in his country. Priest is not interested at first but Dr. Sonko, having learned some things of his background, presses upon him he has an obligation to help African people. Having time to think and perhaps feeling a sense of guilt for his cocaine hustling days, Priest decides to visit Africa to see things for himself against the wishes of Georgia. Returning back to Rome from his visit, he decides to assist Dr. Sonoko. He is able to acquire the guns needed by winning at cards against an regular associate. Dr. Sonko needs him to get the guns into his country without detection, which Priest agrees to do. While arriving in the small fictional African nation, Priest is captured and detained by a few European officials representing the government. The officials suspect gun smuggling, but do not find any evidence when searching the wooden crates delivered. They question Priest on the whereabouts of the guns without getting answers, which leads them to beat and lock him in a dark room. Priest cleverly rigs an electric light switch in the room to kill one of the officials who guard him and ambushes a second to escape capture. Beaten and exhausted, he exits the dark room similar to a slave dungeon while entering the daylight of outside the Muslim call to prayer echoes all around. Priest has now fulfilled a certain sense of personal responsibility, and seems to be absolved from his past life. He returns to Rome and to Georgia as they embrace and walk away together in arms.'] ['Cleopatra "Cleo" Jones  is a strikingly beautiful black model with an array of flamboyant outfits. Modeling, however, is only a cover for her real job as a secret government agent. Cleo is a Bond-like heroine with power and influence; an object of awe for her flashy wardrobe, her ’73 silver and black Corvette Stingray  and her martial arts ability. While she evokes the glory of a funk goddess, she remains loyal to her drug-ravaged community and her lover, Reuben Masters, who runs B&S House .<ref name“Blaxploitation Films of the 1970s” |isbnNovotny Lawrence |publisher2008}} The film opens with Cleo overseeing the destruction of a poppy field in Turkey belonging to the evil drug lord, Mommy . When Cleo returns to LA to arrest the police responsible for the raid, she continues to take apart Mommy’s underworld drug business, thwarting her minions along the way.'] ['The movie opens to a narration detailing the poor economic state of a gang-ridden Gary. The narrator explains to the audience of how the city came into such a state. After the opening narrative, the scene switches to the base of operations for the Rebels, a local street gang, and a one-on-one basketball game between a Rebel gang member and a local boy named Kenny Thompson. Kenny humiliates the Rebel by winning and taking the gambled winnings for his own. After he leaves, Spyro, the current co-leader of the Rebels  is under the impression that Kenny\'s skills are something more than "something he picked up." He instructs his lieutenant, Kayo, to exact retribution on Kenny for being hustled. While Kenny and his friend Marcus are relaxing at a diner, Kenny decides to call his girlfriend. He enters a phone booth to make the call, but is subsequently shot by Kayo in a drive-by shooting; his mother, Laurie Thompson, alarmed by the gunshots, steps outside her home to discover her son murdered. One of the owners of the grocery store, Marvin Bookman, a well-respected member of the community by both the Rebels and local citizens, feels that justice should be brought to Kenny\'s murderer and discloses the license plate number of the shooter\'s vehicle. When the Rebels discover this, Spyro orders Kayo to dispose of the vehicle. Spyro and Damien then proceed to confront Marvin about his assistance to the investigators of Kenny\'s death; Marvin argues that Kenny was a good person and did not deserve to be shot. The co-leaders of the Rebels describe how they respected the Bookmans\' store and, while others around it were robbed and ransacked, their store was left alone; the fact that Marvin would "sell them out" expresses a high amount of disrespect to the Rebels, who then immediately seek revenge on Marvin. Eventually, Kayo and Bobby, with a group of fellow Rebels, attacks the grocery store, resulting in the near-fatal shooting of Marvin by Bobby. The attack on Marvin\'s life prompts his son, pro football coach and ex-Rebel John Bookman, to return to the impoverished Gary neighborhood to find Bobby the shooter. After seeing his father, John goes to save his father\'s shop and kicked all the Rebels fellows out of there. Then he goes to a local barbershop, where Kayo eventually turns up; trouble immediately brews, and John and the gang members fight. John has the upper hand, but is overpowered. Jake Trevor, another original Rebel, enters the fray and saves John. After the fight, the two converse, and it is revealed that Jake is here to bury his illegitimate son, Kenny Thompson. The next day, John and Jake attend Kenny\'s funeral, where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband. While talking, Laurie implores Jake to reconsider seeking vengeance upon his son\'s murderers, expressing her disdain by stating that he always wishes to resolve such issues by fighting, which "only makes things worse". Jake goes to visit "Slick", who reveals to Jake that his son was killed because he hustled the Rebels; Jake is astounded and enraged that his son was killed over money. After failed treaty negotiations, deception, and the rising of neighborhood gang violence, all of the original Rebels - John Bookman, Laurie, Jake, Slick and Bubba - with the help of Kenny\'s friend Marcus, decide to take justice into their own hands and attack the Rebels. They devise a plan to "lose" a trunk of weapons to the Rebels; when the Rebels tried to use said weapons, the guns malfunctioned and "exploded" in their faces, stunning many Rebels. In another area, Rebels are attempting to escape the battle, but are stopped by a group of community members, armed with bats and other improvised weapons. Eventually, Spyro and Damien fear they may lose the fight, and escape to the old steel mill; Jake and John follow. After an intense hand-to-hand fight between Jake and Spyro, Spyro is killed. After Spyro is taken down, the leader of a rival gang, Blood, along with a few cohorts, shoots a battered Damien; the leadership of the Rebels is destroyed. When Jake and John exit the steel mill, the police arrive; John states how "they always show up late." Jake retorts, "I know what you mean."'] ["Hot Potato begins in Chang Lan, a fictional country somewhere in east Asia. The villain Carter Rangoon  orchestrated the kidnapping of a U.S. senator's daughter a Ms. June Dunbar ([[Judith Brown . Rangoon's demands were to see aid to Chang Lan or Ms. Dunbar would be executed. The U.S. was in a difficult situation. They were not welcome in that area of the world and had little influence in the region. They sent in whom the general  described as their best man, Black Belt Jones . Jones assembled a small force of mercenaries to assist in the task at hand. Johnny Chicago , whose primary motivation in life was money, was the first the mercenaries introduced in the film. The duo of Jones and Chicago were joined by Pamala , a Chang Lan operative who was to act as the group's interpreter and guide. She quickly proved her usefulness as a skilled fighter as she took on several goons refusing assistance from Jones and Chicago. Finally the group joins up with Rhino  at a brothel. Rhino is a grotesque Italian from Texas with a passion for women and food. Rangoon's scheme was more diabolical than kidnapping and extortion. He also arranged for a prostitute named Leslie  to pose as the senator's daughter for the rescue party to free her. Leslie was concerned for her safety if she were discovered. So, to insure her safety she stole some letters from Rangoon's office. If the material in the letters were to get out it could spell the end of Rangoon. Jones and his team invade Rangoon's jungle fortress, symbolic of Hannabal Barba on the backs of elephants. After the rescue Rangoon discovers his letters are missing and dispatches his minions to follow them through the jungle. As the group make their way through the jungle they engage several groups of henchmen, all of whom fail. The plot begins to thicken as well. Romantic involvement begins to form as Chicago falls in love with Leslie. The group is also joined by a native woman and her son whom Rhino won in a wrestling match. Jones becomes suspicious of the impostor and at the opportune moment went looking in the purse she seemed to cherish more than life itself. He found the letters. The group attacked and Leslie was taken. Jones proposed a trade: the letters for the girl. Things did not go as planned and Leslie was killed. Jones then plans a covert attack on Rangoon's primary estate ending in a one-on-one fight scene between Rangoon and Jones as the senator's daughter hung over a pit of tigers."] ['Seeking to improve herself, Ivy Moore, an African-American maid, announces her decision to leave her job working for the Austin family and go to secretarial school. The Austins are desperate to keep her and the teenagers, Gena and Tim, hatch a scheme to do so. Tim Austin sets up Ivy with Jack Parks, a trucking company executive, to wine and dine Ivy Moore. He hopes that the introduction of excitement in her life will dissuade her from leaving the family. Tim Austin persuades a reluctant Jack Parks to date her by threatening to reveal his illegal gambling casino. Their initial meetings are awkward for the cosmopolitan Parks and the less sophisticated Moore. Eventually, however, romance blossoms, but when Moore learns that Parks was coerced into initially dating her, she breaks up with him. Parks overcomes his attachment to bachelorhood and asks Moore to marry him. She accepts.'] ['This relationship between the two parents in this movie , was parodied in a skit of the same name on the comedy series "In Living Color".'] ['Willie Dynamite is a fancy pimp that has his girls working in business conventions attracting the many businessmen that need a break from work. The film starts with the girls walking into the Business International Association convention where all eyes are turned on to the girls. Willie has seven women working the night, all dressed up with vibrant outfits. Many men take the girls to their hotel rooms and even the police are paying to have fun. Willie is first seen driving his "pimped" purple Cadillac on the streets of New York. The front license plate engraves the first part of his nickname, “Willie”, while the back license plate engraves the second part, “Dynamite”. Willie goes to the hotel to collect payment from his girls. Pashen is the newest hooker in the line of Willie. He gets mad at her for producing less than expected. Willie compares his business of hookers to that of a production line: "Seven girls out there, every ten minutes, one comes off the production line, like that...This is a business baby, a production line, and just like GM, Ford, Chrysler, Willie\'s comin\' through." He then explains his dreams of being number one, the top pimp in the city of New York. Bell, the current number one pimp, holds a pimp counsel, and explains that the heat is rising on them, meaning the police are cracking down on prostitution activities within the city. Bell proposes an idea that each pimp get his own turf to run instead of the pimps competing for territory. Everyone is for the idea except Willie. He argues that the new idea would hurt his business. He compares his women to the animals of the jungle, having the need to roam free and conquer all that can be controlled. Later, Willie soon learns that Pashen, the new girl, has been sent to jail. Cora, a social worker, comes and visits Pashen in jail. She tries to educate Pashen on the dangers of being a prostitute. Cora encourages Pashen to change her life, to become a model and get paid for it. Pashen, naïve, dislikes the idea and believes she can make more money as a hooker for Willie. Willie then comes to post bail and rescue Pashen. Cora makes an unexpected visit to Willie\'s while he is away and tells the girls they are being ripped off from Willie. They ponder the thought as she leaves the room. When Willie comes back, he learns that Pashen has gone to jail again and the girls are reluctant to work. Willie threatens to put them in shape if they decide to not work. Cora visits the jail and tries to persuade Pashen to change again. Pashen argues that she makes a lot of money and she feels like she is somebody important when she is working. Cora then reveals that she was once a prostitute on the streets. She then sneaks in to Willie’s place to find evidence of bank accounts that can prove his dirty doings. The evidence she took would not be able to hold in court. Pashen finally decides to pursue modeling. She takes a photo opportunity and gets paid. She tries to tell Willie that she wants out, but he tells her of dreams and hopes that she can’t refuse. Willie goes to the hotel convention, finding that his territory has been compromised and that his head hooker, Honey, has been killed after a territorial battle. His life is spiraling down as he finds all his bank accounts have been frozen and are under investigation by the Internal Revenue Service. Two detectives chase down Willie through New York. Willie’s seven hookers are sent to jail after the hotel riot and they cannot post bail. They are sent to a women’s detention center for holding. While in the detention center, Pashen’s face gets cut, and she gets traumatized by her loss of beauty. When Willie returns home, he is met by Bell and his men, and things get out of hand when Bell wishes for Willie to quit the game. Later Willie is caught by the two detectives for possession of narcotics. Willie is let off for evidence without a warrant. In the end, Willie thinks back on past events after his mother dies, leaves his car for good, and is seen walking happily on the streets.'] ['A reporter is bitten by a werewolf in Hungary and then becomes the press assistant to the president of the United States of America. When the reporter says he is a werewolf, no one believes him, and many think it is the work of maniacs or hippies.'] ["When he wanders into a union action by mistake, Leroy Jones is laid off from his job picking oranges. The only way he can find work to provide for his wife Annie Mae, their kids and his father Rufus is to leave them behind and go to Los Angeles, where more jobs are available. While he is away, Leroy becomes smitten with Vanetta, a beautiful labor organizer. Back home, meanwhile, the Rev. Lenox Thomas is not only watching out for Leroy's wife, he has gotten her pregnant. Leroy's juggling a lot of family affairs by the time he returns home."] ['The film is set in 1970\'s and follows the titular Black Dynamite, a Vietnam veteran and former CIA agent who vows to clean up the streets of drug dealers and gangsters after his younger brother Jimmy is killed by a shady organization. O\'Leary, Black Dynamite\'s former Army and CIA partner, reinstates him into the agency because they do not want him seeking vengeance by himself. While trying to get to the bottom of Jimmy\'s murder, he finds out that his brother was actually working undercover for the CIA. Black Dynamite also discovers the shady organization is filling the black orphanages with heroin. He declares war on local drug dealers and successfully cleans up the streets, earning him the affection of Gloria, a black power activist who works at the local orphanage. After discovering the government\'s involvement in the drug ring, Black Dynamite steals the ledger belonging to corrupt Congressman James which details illegal shipments to a warehouse. Black Dynamite and his team  storm the warehouse to capture a big shipment. They learn of a top secret operation called "Code Kansas", but there are no drugs in the warehouse; only "Anaconda" brand malt liquor, a government-produced brand that, according to the advertising slogan, "Gives You Ooooooo!". In a diner, they decipher the slogan and uncover "Code Kansas" as a plan to literally emasculate African-American men through Anaconda Malt Liquor, which is formulated to "give  a little dick". Returning to the warehouse, Black Dynamite finds O\'Leary is part of the evil plan, but is just following orders. He kills O\'Leary before acquiring his next lead to find the source of the "Code Kansas" plan. Black Dynamite heads to Kung Fu Island, where he discovers that his old nemesis, Fiendish Dr. Wu, is responsible for creating the secret formula found in Anaconda Malt Liquor. In a protracted battle which kills Saheed, the two militants, and Bullhorn, Black Dynamite discovers the true identity of the mastermind of the entire operation - the White House. Black Dynamite then travels to the White House  and confronts President Richard Nixon, who has been giving the orders from the beginning. When Black Dynamite defeats Nixon in a kung-fu battle and threatens to expose Nixon as the subject of a series of bondage and cross dressing photographs, the president begs to be killed but Black Dynamite refuses and has Nixon watch out for his people. The film concludes with a monologue from Black Dynamite on his quest for justice as Gloria and Pat Nixon watch on rapturously.'] ['{{plot}} Priest  is an up-and-coming successful cocaine dealer in New York City. On his way to a meeting point in Harlem early one morning he is mugged by two junkies. Priest beats one up and gives chase to the other where he gets his money back and kicks him in an apartment. Afterwards, Fat Freddie and Nate Adams  turn up at his apartment to make their payments. Fat Freddie is short and doesn\'t have his money. Priest warns him that either he is going to get his money by robbing someone or he will put his wife out on "whore\'s row". Priest gives them a gun and the pair go out to rob a Mafia member after they follow him to New Jersey. Priest then goes to meet his partner in crime, Eddie ([[Carl Lee , who is playing craps downtown, to discuss his future plans. The pair go back to Eddie\'s apartment where Priest tells Eddie he wants out of the business but wants to make one last big score and to make one million dollars in four months. Eddie, who tries to talk him out of it as he loves the lifestyle, reluctantly goes along with Priest\'s ambitions and the pair agree to make one last big score. Later that night, Priest and Eddie arrive at Scatter\'s restaurant. Scatter , is a retired drug dealer who was a mentor to Priest. After watching the band play , the two go into the kitchen to discuss business with Scatter. Priest tells Scatter his plans and that he needs him to provide him with 30 kilograms of coke.  Scatter, who has retired from the cocaine business, gets frustrated at them and tells them he cannot help. After Eddie angers Scatter, Scatter puts a gun to his head. Scatter then agrees to supply Priest the 30 keys. The trio agree to a meeting time and Priest and Eddie leave to meet Fat Freddie and Nate. Freddie has Priest\'s money from the successful holdup and the three of them talk over a beer. Priest accidentally reveals to Freddie and Nate that he is picking up one key of coke from Scatter. Priest then goes home to a romantic evening with his girlfriend, Georgia . The following day, Freddie is arrested in Harlem for assault and is questioned by narcotics detectives  who beat him into a confession. Freddie rats out Priest and Eddie and tells the police that there are around 50 family members  and that Priest and Eddie are picking up a key of coke that night from Scatter . Freddie is released but tries to escape outside the police precinct and is hit by a car and killed. Meanwhile Priest and Georgia are in Central Park discussing Priest\'s ambitions in getting out and leaving New York and taking her with him. Later that night, Priest and Eddie go to pick up one key of coke from Scatter but the detectives are waiting. Alerted, Priest walks away but one of the detectives follows him down a dark street where Priest is ambushed and held at gun point with Eddie who was already arrested. The detectives make a deal with the pair and tell them they can operate but must make payments of $10,000 a month. Priest obviously is uncomfortable with this but Eddie happily agrees saying that \'the man\' is on our side. The pair then goes on to sell a kilo of cocaine, which is shown in a classic photo montage scene with "Pusherman" playing. Priest and Eddie arrive in a bar in Harlem to meet a potential buyer. While they are waiting, three black activists approach them who are trying to shake Priest down for money for their cause. Priest demands they leave as he has a meeting and will not be lured into their scam. Their buyer arrives and samples the cocaine and agrees to make a deal and to \'get it on!\' Priest is at Cynthia\'s apartment . Priest is unsure about staying with her and the pair has an argument. Scatter arrives at the apartment with information about \'The Man\' and asks Priest for $20,000 in cash as he must leave town. After Scatter leaves, he is arrested by the narcotics detectives. The police no longer need Scatter and dispose of him in his Rolls Royce with a large dose of heroin to shut him up. Priest learns of this, and suspecting something is wrong, meets with two mafia contractors in a café to discuss business. Although words are not said, it is clear that Priest is asking them for a contract for murder. This is his insurance policy. Priest arrives at Eddie\'s apartment and discusses the murder of Scatter. Telling him the news that he was killed by the police, Priest suggests foul play and that the police were behind it in order to use him and Eddie to make larger buys and to stay in business. Priest demands his half of the money and wants to get out. Eddie tells him that he can\'t do anything else, especially pimpin\' as he doesn\'t have the \'stomach\' for it. Eddie gives him his share and then calls the detectives and tells them that Priest has left with a briefcase full of money. Priest then exchanges his briefcase in the elevator with Georgia who is in disguise. By the time he arrives to his car, the police have arrived. They detain him until the narcotics detectives come and then they all leave. Priest watches Georgia leave with his money knowing it\'s safe. Priest is then escorted to the waterfront where Deputy Commissioner Reardon  is waiting for him. Reardon, who is running the extortion racket, chastises Priest for wanting to leave the business and tells him he will be "nothing more than another two-bit black junkie." A fight breaks out and Priest uses his karate skills to overcome the detectives. Reardon then pulls his gun and the fighting stops. Priest then explains he has placed a murder contract on Reardon and his family if any harm comes to him from the police. He tells him that he\'s smarter than those other "niggers" and that he has contracted the best killers there are, "White ones, baby! White ones!" Reardon claims that Priest doesn\'t have any money for something like that as they open his briefcase. Dirty clothes fall out and Priest claims that doing his laundry will not help. Priest then hops into his customized Cadillac Eldorado and drives off, victorious.'] ['Three The Hard Way was released in 1974 and is considered one of the classic action movies of the Soul Cinema Classic genre. Directed by the acclaimed Gordon Parks Jr., son of Gordon Parks ([[Shaft  and director of the Soul Cinema Classic Super Fly , the film stars the three biggest black action stars of the era; Jim Brown (The Dirty Dozen, El Condor, [[Slaughter  as record producer Jimmy Lait, Fred Williamson (Black Caesar, [[Bucktown  as entrepreneur Jagger Daniels, and Jim Kelly  as martial arts master Mister Keyes. Jimmy Lait and his girlfriend, Wendy, come across Jimmy\'s friend, House, wounded and dying. Lait learns from House that he had escaped from a secret medical experimentation facility. Later in the hospital, a delirious House tells Lait that there is someone who aims to "kill us all" and that they have a way of doing it. However, Lait has to return to the studio to supervise a recording session with a group he\'s producing, The Impressions . He leaves Wendy  to watch over House in the hospital. While Wendy talks to Jimmy on the phone outside of the room, two men climb through the window and shoot House in cold blood. Wendy walks back in as this is happening and she\'s kidnapped by the assassins. After finding out about her kidnapping, Jimmy begins a quest to find the whereabouts of his girlfriend, but encounters many attackers trying to stop him. He soon realizes that the job is too much for one man, so he enlists the help of his friends Jagger Daniels and Mister Keyes , and the three start a rampage of gun fights, fist fights, and explosions to save their race. The three actions stars soon find out that they must defeat a worldwide plot of black genocide concocted by the evil, and nefarious Monroe Feather (Jay Robinson - Hawaii Five-0, [[Planet of the Apes . Monroe Feather is the leader of a secret neo-nazi, white supremacist organization whose chief scientist Dr. Fortrero, , has developed a serum that is lethal and only affects African Americans. The organization plans to deploy the serum into the water systems of Washington D.C., Detroit, and Los Angeles, and kill off the black populations. The movie continues through action scenes and explosions with the three protagonist easily killing and/or disposing of numerous henchmen of the racist organization. Two of the most memorable scenes are Mister Keyes’ New York City fight scene versus a group of crooked police and the interrogation of a captive white supremacist by the female friends of Jagger Daniels. In the former scene, Keyes is framed by NYPD officers placing cocaine in his car. Keyes is confronted by a street cop and upon realizing the officers intentions he engages in a series of martial art kicks, punches, and chops to foil a series of crooked police and get out of the situation. In this scene Jim Kelly shows off his trademark Bruce Lee-like fighting techniques that made him one of the most famous black actor martial-artist of all time. In the latter scene, the three are unable to make a captured man give up his secrets so Jagger Daniels makes a call to his three multi-cultural friends : The Countess , The Empress , and The Princess . These three feminine dominatrixes arrive in style. They are riding blue, red, and white Japanese racing motorcycles with matching leathers suits. The three women are all-business and "hungry" to inflict real damage to their captive in order to make him talk. Daniels shows the women much respect and warns Keyes to stay out of their way or he "might not survive". The dominatrixes, bearing their nude chest, approach the captive man who is in a room by himself. The man, seemingly unafraid at first, believes he is going to have sex with the three women because of their appearance at first. However, he soon finds out he is in for great amounts of pain and humiliation when the women open up their "equipment bags". After some time the women notify the three heroes that the man is ready to talk and they find him in a corner shaking in the fetal position. After the men hear what the captive has to say, the women return to continue their craft but upon seeing them once more the supremacist lets out a yelp and falls over, dead."THREE THE HARD WAY ." The Vault of Buncheness. Web. 15 Feb. 2011. <http://buncheness.blogspot.com/2010/02/three-hard-way-1974.html>.'] ['The film is a study of prejudice and discrimination. It tells the story of a black gang who run the streets of Watta and of Jim, a white man, who tries to befriend them. Prejudice stands in the way of any friendship and turns black against white in a mid \'70s, does much to show how society has progressed, but to some it may seem that "the more things change, the more they stay the same."'] ['Jack Spade  returns from the Army to his old neighborhood following the death of his brother, Junebug. The police determine Junebug\'s death to be the result of an "OG", or "Over Gold" — the victim has overdosed on gold chains. A brief image of Junebug is shown featuring him covered, head-to-toe, with gold chains. When not distracted by his old girlfriend and Junebug\'s wife Cheryl , Jack seeks revenge for his brother\'s death. He declares war on "Mr. Big", a powerful local crime lord, who is seen as the person responsible for putting gold chains on the streets of Jack\'s neighborhood. Jack enlists the help of John Slade  Jack\'s childhood idol, who fought bad guys in the 1970s. With John\'s help, Jack enlists an "army" consisting of Hammer  and Slammer , Flyguy , and Kung Fu Joe ([[Steve James . Together with his army, Jack sets out to eliminate the gold chain trade from the streets of his neighborhood and take down "Mr. Big".'] ['Pootie Tang , born in "a small city outside Gary, Indiana", is portrayed as a ladies\' man who is "too cool for words", even as a young child. His life is marked by the deaths of his mother "Momma Dee", and shortly thereafter his father "Daddy Tang" , who dies after being mauled by a gorilla during his shift at the steel mill . Just before Daddy Tang\'s death, Pootie inherits his father\'s belt and is told that  he can "whoop anyone\'s ass with just that belt." As a young adult, Pootie Tang rises to fame and becomes well known for a variety of reasons. He sings in night clubs, stars in public service announcements for children, produces top-of-the-charts music hits, and generally defeats wrongdoers with the power of his belt. Dick Lecter , the CEO of multi-industrial conglomerate LecterCorp, learns of Pootie Tang\'s positive influence on society — and his negative influence on LecterCorp\'s bottom line. After his henchmen and a vile villain named Dirty Dee  are sent away by Pootie\'s friends, Lecter encourages his right-hand lady, Ireenie , to seduce Pootie Tang into signing an agreement with LecterCorp that would stop Pootie Tang\'s influence on America\'s children. Pootie Tang falls for Ireenie\'s tricks and subsequently falls apart. His status as pop culture icon is destroyed, and he engages on a quest to "find [him]self". This journey is encouraged by Biggie Shortie , who promises to wait for Pootie to return to her and to the rest of society. Pootie moves to a farm where the local sheriff decides Pootie and his daughter should start dating. After his single corn stalk dies, he has a vision of Daddy Tang and Momma Dee. Daddy Tang reveals that there is nothing special about Pootie\'s belt; instead, Pootie must fight evil with the goodness that is inside him. After dealing with Dirty Dee and his henchman Froggy , Pootie realizes he must move back to the city and fight crime once again. Pootie Tang returns to the city just as Dick Lecter is unveiling the first of his new restaurant chain, Pootie\'s Bad Time Burgers. At a small news conference, Pootie confronts Lecter only to discover that Lecter has amassed dozens of "Pootie-alikes"  who will spread the message of LecterCorp around the nation. Pootie Tang, with the help of Biggie Shortie, defeats all of these henchmen and Lecter himself. Good triumphs over evil once again, and Biggie Shortie finally gets her man: she and Pootie Tang plan to get married now that Pootie is back. Elsewhere, Dick Lecter leaves corporate life and becomes an actor, Ireenie leaves him and becomes a counselor helping at-risk teenage prostitutes, and Dirty Dee is still dirty.'] ['When her government-agent boyfriend is shot down by members of a drug syndicate, Foxy Brown  seeks revenge. She links her boyfriend\'s murderers to a "modeling agency" run by Steve Elias ([[Peter Brown  and Miss Katherine . Foxy decides to pose as a prostitute to infiltrate the company, and helps save a fellow black woman from a life of drugs and sexual exploitation. This leads Foxy to a variety of revenge-themed setpieces &mdash; often violent and sexual &mdash; that range from cremating sex slave dealers to castrating a foe and presenting his severed genitals to his girlfriend.'] ['In the South, Sampson and the local Preacherman plan to bust out their friend Randy from prison. As they rush to the prison, the two are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police. Meanwhile, Randy and another cellmate named Pappy manage to escape from inside the prison and wait for Sampson and the Preacherman to help them get out. While waiting for them, Randy unwillingly listens to Pappy tell a story about three guys that resemble and Randy and his friends. Pappy\'s story is told in animation set against live-action background photos and footage. Brother Rabbit, Brother Bear, and Preacher Fox are forced to pack up and leave their Southern settings after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a man who turns it into a brothel. The trio moves to Harlem, "home to every black man". When they arrive, Rabbit, Bear, and Fox find that it isn\'t all that it\'s made out to be. They encounter a con man named Simple Savior, a phony revolutionary leader who purports to be the "cousin" of "Black Jesus", and that he gives his followers "the strength to kill whites". In a flashy stage performance in his "church", Savior acts out being brutalized by symbols of black oppression—represented by images of John Wayne, Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon, before asking his parishioners for "donations". When Rabbit attempts to turn the crowd, Savior tries to have him killed. After Rabbit tricks his would-be murderers , he and Bear kill Savior. This allows Rabbit to take over Savior\'s racket, putting him in line to become the head of all organized crime in Harlem. But first, he has to get rid of a few other opponents. Savior\'s former partners tell Rabbit that if he can\'t kill his opponents, then they\'ll kill him instead. Rabbit first goes up against Madigan, a virulently racist and homophobic white police officer and bagman for the Mafia, who demonstrates his contempt for African Americans in various ways, including a refusal to bathe before an anticipated encounter with them . When Madigan finds out that Rabbit has been taking his payoffs, he and his cohorts, Ruby and Bobby, are led to a nightclub called "The Cottontail". A black stripper distracts him while an LSD sugar cube is dropped into his drink. Madigan, while under the influence of his spiked drink, is then maneuvered into a sexual liaison with a stereotypically effeminate gay man, and then shoved into women\'s clothing representative of the mammy archetype, adorned in blackface, and finally shoved out the back of the club where he discovers that Ruby and Bobby are dead. Then, while recovering from his delirium of being drugged, shoots his gun around randomly, and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them.<ref nameJames |first |coauthorsThat\'s Blaxploitation!: Roots of the Baadasssss \'Tude  |year |location0-312-13192-5 |chapter117–123 }} Rabbit\'s final target is the Godfather who lives in the subway with his wife and gay sons. The contract for killing Rabbit is given to his only straight son Sonny. Showing up outside Rabbit\'s nightclub in blackface and clothing representative of minstrel show stereotypes, Sonny winds up shot multiple times by Rabbit before dying in an explosion caused by a car crash. His body is cremated and taken back home, where his mother weeps over his ashes. Bear becomes torn between staying with Rabbit, or starting a new, crime-free life. Bear decides to look for Fox in order to seek his advice. Upon arriving at Fox\'s newly acquired brothel, Bear is "married" to a girl he, Fox, and Rabbit met during the fight with Savior\'s men. Under the advisement of Fox, Bear becomes a boxer for the Mafia. During one of Bear\'s fights, Rabbit sets up a melting imitation of himself made out of tar. As the Mafiosos take turns stabbing at the "tar rabbit", they become stuck together. Rabbit, Bear, Fox and the opponent boxer rush out of the boxing arena as it blows up. The live-action story ends with Randy and Pappy escaping from the prison while being shot at by various white cops, but managing to make it out alive.'] ['At home in his New York City apartment, John Shaft is drugged with a tranquilizer dart, then kidnapped and persuaded by threats of physical force, the promise of money, and the lure of a pretty tutor to travel to Africa , assuming the identity of a native-speaking itinerant worker. His job is to help break a criminal ring that is smuggling immigrants into Europe then exploiting them. But the villains have heard that he is on his way. Shaft must pass a test before being hired for the job; the test involves him surviving in a small, overheated room without water, and a floor covered in deep sand, mimicking the supposed conditions of Africa. Shaft ingeniously covers himself with the sand, thereby avoiding heatstroke and winning the contract from his employer. Shaft must then embark upon a mission to infiltrate and destroy a human trafficking and slavery ring in West Africa and France.'] 