["Mary, an orphan lives in an orphanage run by nuns. She is good at studies and is artistically talented. Until her adulthood, her education was being sponsored by a philanthropist. Though she has never met her sponsor, an old man, but she gets to know of the fact that he is the sponsor through the nuns. Her sponsor one day passes away. As a result, her dreams of a college education are ruined. She struggles to get educated further. Mr. Robert Brown , who is now at the helm of affairs of his father's business, agrees to continue her sponsorship. Bob is a bachelor and Mary falls in love with Bob. She learns that love comes when you least expect it in this romantic drama. A new patron comes to her aid, but love threatens to get in the way of Mary's education. Anokha Rishta, perfectly harmonizing with its title, is the story of an unusual relationship between Mary  and Robert Brown . Teenager Mary is an orphan and lives in an orphanage run by nuns. Her education had been sponsored by Robert’s father in his lifetime. After the demise of his father, when Robert takes independent charge of the family business, he comes to know of this sponsorship. Being benevolent by nature, he decides to continue it in his father’s name itself. Mary has never met her sponsor and she even does not know him by name. For her, the identity of her sponsor is ’uncle’ only to whom she regularly writes letters and her uncle  always responds to them. A youth  loves her but she ignores his advances because of his image of an irresponsible and loafer boy. On the other hand, Robert has always been in love with Dr. Pramila  but due to following different religious faiths and their parents not allowing them to marry someone from a different religion, they could not marry. However being mature and true lovers, they chose not to marry somebody else too and decided to remain bachelors only. The twist in the tale comes with Mary coming across Robert in a party and despite himself being more than double of her age, falls in love with him. She expresses her feelings to him but he discourages her from making advances towards him in this way. On the other hand, maintaining a benevolent attitude and wanting her to lead a happy life, Robert helps Mary’s lover to come closer to her and guides him to grow up, besides giving him a job in his own office. Mary, being mad in Robert’s love without knowing that he only is her sponsor and 'her uncle’ whom she writes to and gets letters from, keeps on living in her dreamy world of a married life with Robert. Her problem is that she cannot share her feelings and mental agony  with ’her uncle’ because all the incoming and outgoing letters  of Mary are screened first by the head of the orphanage . Finally, when Robert breaks her heart , she decides to become a nun and writes a final letter to 'her uncle’ with a special and last request to the head of the orphanage to deliver it to ’her uncle’ without opening it and reading its content. Dr. Pramila, knowing all these developments, tries to stop Mary but she remains firm on her decision. Now her lover  also gets desperate upon knowing this decision of hers. Finally the onus falls on the shoulders of Robert only to do something to prevent Mary from taking this drastic step and that leads to the highly emotional and impressive climax."] ["Raghu Shukla lives with his wife Sarojini, sons Naresh  and Ramesh , an unmarried daughter Seema  and a nephew Prabhu . Naresh is married to Sudha  and Ramesh to Shobha . Seema stays away for studies in a hostel. When the family learns about Raghu's retirement, they are excited about getting his retirement benefits. When Raghu informs that he has cleared his debts with this amount and plans to depend on his sons, everyone is disappointed. Naresh informs his plans to shift to Bombay and he can accommodate his mother while Ramesh informs that he can accommodate father. Thus the parents are bound to live separately with the sons. In Bombay, Sarojini's life is confined within the house and is ill-treated. On the other hand, Raghu is dependent on his son's family. After visiting her parents, Seema decides to take an extreme step for their solace and to the surprise of her boyfriend Ajay  and the Shukla family. The rest of the film shows the changes that occur in the Shukla family on account of Seema's extreme step."] ["Priya Amal Raj  loses her mother at a very young age. She is friendly, outspoken, sensitive, yet precocious. Priya is brought up by her dad, Amal Raj  who is a clothing industrialist. Since her child hood priya is interested in singing, music and church. Thomas Thanga Durai , a polite, well mannered NRI business man, returns to India from America to look after his father's Thanga Durai's  business. Thanga Durai is a former associate in Amal Raj's business, and now establishes his own business empire in the same vicinity, opposite to Amal Raj's factory. He boasts of his sons achievements. However, Amal Raj dislikes Thanga Durai's ill mannered, clumsy and bizarre antics though Thomas and Priya have known each other in their child hood. Thomas, happens to meet Priya at her school when he goes to a woman's hostel to see his aunt, mother superior  a nun in that school church. Thomas takes Priya's help in surprising his aunt with a gift on her birthday. In the process, Thomas falls in love with priya but is unable to confess his love for her. Priya has been brought up in a convent school and wants to become a nun, much to the horror of Thomas and Priyas father. Thomas friend Shiva  takes him to hairstylist Deva  who is notorious at changing women's minds. Deva befriends priya to change her mind about being a nun. At one instance, priya performs singing at a Gala along with deva's troupe, which puts the troupe into the limelight of a recording theatre owner. Deva requests Priya to join his aspiring music troop as a singer and help them achieve the group's aspiration for a film audition and priya agrees to it. Deva with his musical troupe  play tricks to make Priya fall in love with Thomas, but fails to turn Priya's mind towards Thomas. Instead, Deva himself falls in love with Priya and she reciprocates. Complications arise when Priya falls in love with Deva instead, and at the same juncture, Thomas confesses his love to priya and reveals the shocking truth behind Deva's association with priya. Torn between the two men, a broken hearted Priya decides to vow for Nun trainee and fails to fulfill her promise for the group's music audition. Thomas realises this at the end and sacrifices his love. Thomas and his Aunt convince priya out of celibacy and marry Deva. Thomas becomes a church priest as he naturally leads a life of service to the poor, sacrifice and mental chastity."] ['The Afghan kingdom of Baharistan is ruled by a just and kind Sultan Ali Rizwan Mohhamad Dokeer Khan . All is well in the land except that the Sultan seemingly can\'t have children. An evil devil-worshipping Vazir  seeks to usurp the throne, revive his fauladi shaitan , and take over the world. The Vazir instructs his maids to strangle every child born to the Sultan. Finally, however, a spark of divine intervention  renders the next newborn son immune to the poisons and strangulations administered by the maids. This Shehezada  eventually becomes Ajooba . The Sultan and his wife Malika  kick off celebrations throughout the land. The good court magician Ameer Baba , recently returned from his travels to the "land of Hind" , presents a magic sword to the Sultan. The Sultan thrusts it into a pillar , and Ameer Baba pronounces that it may be drawn out of the stone again only by a member of the royal family . Soon after, the Sultan privately discusses "traitors" with Ameer Baba. The Vazir overhears, eventually tricks Ameer Baba, steals his Necklace of Immortality, throws him into the dungeons, attempts to murder the Sultan and his family and takeover the throne. The Sultan escapes with his wife and child. After a pitched battle involving magic carpets and storms and ships, the Sultan is missing, Malika is blinded, and the young Shehzada is washed ashore by a dolphin  to a blacksmith. This blacksmith adopts the kid, trains him in all the worldly and martial arts, and thus creates Ajooba. In the meantime, the Vazir blames Ameer Baba for the Sultan\'s murder, takes over the throne, and begins ravaging the land, always uttering his slogan Shaitan Zindabaad . Ajooba is a masked rider in black  who thwarts the Vazir\'s lackeys as they pillage the lands and harass the citizens. His plain self is Ali, an ordinary restaurateur, and his chum is Hasan . Together they foil the Vazir\'s evil schemes, raid his caravans, and woo their girls. Ajooba, as Ali, falls for Rukhsana , while Hasan\'s affections are for the Vazir\'s Shehzadi Henna . Ajooba inflicts constant pain upon the Vazir. The Vazir eventually raises his fauladi shaitan and plans an all-out attack. The Raja of Hind  brings his forces to aid Ajooba. The resulting war brings all the central characters together. Several questions are essentially resolved in the ensuing war. The climax is a panorama of demons, magical horses and donkeys, a full-scale combat between the Vazir\'s army and the Hind army, enchanted swords, and a final revelation about the true identity of Ajooba.'] ['Murari has dream of becoming an actor, but his dad , who runs a cloth shop, wants his help in the shop. Murari runs away from home and catches train to Mumbai. On his journey, he meets a teacher who says he knows Raj Kapoor. Murari comes to Mumbai, lives in a chawl, struggles bit and becomes a successful and rich actor. Then comes a twist in his life, he gets affixed in scandals, link up and his love lady  leaves Murari forever. Finally, he proves himself innocent and they happily marry.'] ["On the lookout for employment, Ashok  sees the photographs of beautiful Asha , and decides to accept employment as the estate's Manager. His expectations are short-lived as Asha turns out to be a rich, spoiled, conceited bratty young lady. To complicate matters further, Seema , Asha's sister is attracted to Ashok. Ashok and Asha do like and eventually end up in love with each other, but Ashok's dad  does not approve to their marriage as he knows of Asha's parentage, a father who is an escaped convict, in jail for murder, and a mother whose profession was: prostition. Ashok himself sees Asha in her true colors when she sings and dances at a party, overly intoxicated."] ["Thamizh Selvan ([[Prabhu , an orphan who works in a hospital, tries to discover the truth of his parentage. Though the head of his orphanage claims that a recently deceased nun was his mother, others deny it. So Thamizh teams up with a reporter , he meets at the nun's wake, and the two work to unearth the facts."] ['Achuthan Nair , an honest and sincere police constable, has a loving family consisting of his wife Ammu , two sons and two daughters. Achuthan Nair wants his elder son Sethumadhavan  to be a police inspector. He shares a cordial and amiable relation with his son. Sethu is engaged to Devi , the daughter of Krishnan Nair , his maternal uncle. One day, for charging a petty case against the son of MLA, Achuthan Nair is transferred to Ramapuram police station. The family shifts to Ramapuram. Keerikadan Jose , a hardcore criminal, rules the market of Ramapuram by extorting money from all traders. One day, Achuthan Nair tries to intervene in a scuffle and he is beaten brutally by Keerikadan. Sethu, who was in the market, witnesses it and to save his father by attacking Keerikadan and his goons. Keerikadan gets severely wounded and is admitted in hospital. The entire market celebrates the fall of Keerikadan and finds a new savior in Sethu. His friends misuse this opportunity by creating a brawl in the local pub. Achuthan Nair is deeply disturbed by this and accuses Sethu of slowly turning into a criminal. Though, tried to stay away from all chaos, gradually Sethu is dragged into issues. Haidrose , a local thug, claims to be a henchman of Sethu and starts collecting extortion money from the local traders. Even Ramanan , his brother-in-law, joins Haidrose. Sethu, on knowing this, beats up both in the market. But, Remanan on reaching home, twists the entire story; Achuthan Nair asks Sethu to leave the house and Sethu agrees. The local police inspector ([[Murali  arrests Sethu on a petty case and warns him not to create any more fracas. Keshu , his childhood friend, tries to pacify him; Sethu is broken down completely. In the meantime, Devi\'s parents fixes her marriage with another guy, which Devi is not ready for. Sethu meets Devi, explains his helplessness and asks her to follow her parents. She gets married, and he feels completely lonely. After getting discharged from hospital, Keerikadan Jose decides to avenge Sethu. He ransacks the entire house and manhandles his mother and sisters. Sethu is attacked by Parameshwaran , the lieutenant of Keerikadan. In a bid to save his life, Sethu vehemently and violently beats him with an iron rod. Parameshwaran gets seriously injured and is admitted in the hospital. Sethumadhavan is targeted again by Keerikadan and, in a bid to escape, kills Keerikkadan. Sethumadhavan is sentenced to prison for murdering Keerikkadan and hence is disqualified from being a police inspector. Head constable Achuthan Nair reads the Police Verification Report which cites Sethu as a "notorious criminal".'] ['Rahul Tiwari  is in love with Sandhya Patil  &mdash; and has been for the last four years &mdash; and he has not had the courage to tell her. He follows her everywhere, waits until the public bus she uses, and then boards it. Sandhya is not even aware of Rahul, leave alone his affection for her. One day Rahul finds out where Sandhya lives, and he finds out that her father is police inspector Raj Patil "Raja" , a cruel, sadistic, drunk, and abusive man, whose wife Rachna  and daughter live in fear, even when he is not around. Raj Patil has no respect for any human being, his superiors, his subordinates, nor members of the public to whom he is sworn to protect. When Raj finds out that Rahul is trying to enter the life of his daughter, he arrests him publicly, beats him up, and locks him in a cell in his police station. Rahul\'s brother Dr. Kamlakar Tiwari  arranges to get him out of the cell with the help of Raj\'s superiors. Kamlakar hopes that this would have taught Rahul a lesson, but it has not, and Rahul continues to be obsessed with Sandhya, even though Sandhya has clearly told him and his college friend, Neha  that she is only interested in pursuing her studies and not interested in Rahul at all. Raj tells his wife and daughter that they are to leave the city immediately and move to Hyderbad with his sister. Rahul finds out and he too leaves the city and goes to Hyderabad to seek Sandhya, not knowing these events are going to change his life and way of thinking forever.'] ["Belu  and Bhola  are left to the care of their wicked aunt Kamla  when their mother dies. She forces them to beg in the streets and grabs all the money they get. A bootlegger John Chacha  teaches them to lead a life of self-respect and work for a living instead of begging. They scrimp and save to buy a shoe-polish kit and start shining shoes. Kamla finds out about what they have been doing behind her back, beats them and throws them out of the house. Meanwhile John Chacha is arrested and the kids are left to fend for themselves. When it rains and people don't get their shoes polished any more, the children are in danger of starving. But Bhola believes that he will never beg anymore but on one rainy night, a man tosses him a coin and he rejects it, but Belu takes it as she is very hungry. Bhola slaps Belu for that and she drops the coin. Lastly, the police comes and is taking children with them. Belu rushes in an unknown train, but Bhola is arrested. In the train, Belu is adopted by a rich family and she mopes for her brother. Bhola after getting out tries to search for Belu but to no avail. Through a turn of events, he ends up in an orphanage which he doesn't like and runs away. Unable to find any work and extremely hungry, Bhola starts begging again. Bhola incidentally runs into Bhelu when he is begging at railway station where Bhelu along with her new family has come to onboard train for a vacation. Humiliated, Bhola runs away while his sister runs for him. John Chacha has also come to the station to say final good bye and he sees Bhelu following Bhola and he also runs after Bhola. But he falls while chasing Bhola and starts bleeding. Bhola stops running and Bhelu and Bhola are again united. And then the rich family adopt both of the siblings and live happily ever after."] ["It is believed that 'Media' is the fourth pillar of democracy. Journalism began as a mission, then a service and now merely a profession - a complete business where a struggle is not to get right news but rather to 'generate' one crammed with glamour and sensation. The film endeavors to uncover the darker side of the famous or infamous sting operations where a news correspondent  falls in the 'chakravyu' of the whole business and finally paves her way out to yet another 'chakravyu'. The film narrates the story of a girl who initially is acknowledged when she is one among the corrupt system and discarded and criticized when she starts rebelling. Vidya is a young, dynamic, self-motivated news correspondent, who has just come out of a journalism course and is all charged to take up confrontations of this profession. But, little did she know that it is not as effortless job as it is perceived. Vidya initially is covering the entertainment beat and is quiet contended with her piece of work. But due to certain shuffles she is forced to quit entertainment and cover crime, which she presumes as not her cup of tea. Gradually, she gets a knack of it and starts getting addicted to the thrill and ecstasy of the job. She gets a brilliant story for her channel all the way from Rajasthan along with her team mates which actually boosts the TRP ratings of the channel and also her morale. In the process, or rather, in the quest for the thrill, she even tries to fool around with the so called ethics and codes of journalism by creating situations to get a story for her channel. One day she receives a call, that later changes her overall approach towards this profession. It is a call from a girl, Sangeeta, from Pune, who is a victim of repeated sexual abuses by the high designators of the local Police. Vidya, with her team chalks out a plan for yet another sting and is ready to cover the event where the SP is assaulting Sangeeta. But unfortunately it is the DIG who falls prey to their sting. The whole episode of 'live rape' disconcerts Vidya and her cameraman Rafiq to an extent that they feel ashamed to be merely a spectator in this profession where they couldn't even save the victim. But this event is not less than a celebration to the news channel where this 'Breaking news' will be their USP. Vidya has promised Sangeeta that this footage will not be telecast but rather be kept for her defense in court. Unfortunately, Vidya is traumatized to see the telecast of the whole footage 'as it is' in her news channel irrespective of her caution to the editor. Bugged with the whole system, she leaves for her Uncle's place who had been insisting her to visit his small press. There she apprehends the genuine power and nuance of journalism and gets the spur to fight back the system. With her, is a close friend Bala , Rafiq  and Trishna  who differ in their ideologies and yet are together. This is the time when she gets emotionally attached to the whole ball game and decides to give the victim Justice. In her fight for justice she faces all the ups and downs but all in vain leaving Vidya in utter despair and gloom. The USP of the film is in exposing reality with certain humorous incidence that occurs within the news channels. From the agitated talk shows to shoving the mike in the mouth of a kissing couple in a park and asking 'what is your take on right to privacy' is being presented in a unique style."] ["This film is a love story of two youngsters who fall in love despite the status gaps between their families. Sunny , is a young, poor and happy guy who lives with his mother Sumitra  in his home-made town farm. Formerly, His father Avenash had been a big businessman, but he went bankrupt. For this reason, he committed suicide. Avenash was in close friends with Sardar Dinesh Singh Girji  who is one of the richest and most powerful men in the city. When Sardar reveals that Avenash has gone bankrupt, he turns his back to him. Sardar has one daughter called Roma . She is spoiled, snob and accustomed to have all the people who surround her beneath her. She was Sunny's childhood friend. Now, Sardar purchases a new horse farm out of the city in the town, which is nearby Sunny's farm. When Sunny accompanies his mother to the train station, he encounters Roma after many years they haven't seen each other. Sunny instantly recognizes her, but Roma doesn't. consequently, they coincidentally meet each other various times in the farm. They quarrel continually, but soon she comes to know that he is her childhood friend and they reconstruct their childhood love."] ["The film is based on Raj ([[Govinda  who has a girlfriend, supermodel Dolly , and a wife, Kiran . Raj fires Mangu , a cook, because he does not like him. To take revenge, Mangu takes a picture of Raj with Dolly and gives it to Kiran. Kiran gets suspicious but then Raj says that Dolly is not his girlfriend. He says that there are three people in the picture, Raj, Dolly and Govardhan . Raj tells Kiran that the guy, who came into the picture as he was walking by, is Dolly's boyfriend and tells Govardhan to live with Dolly for a couple of days so Kiran's suspicions will go away. Govardhan gets really troubled when Dolly's ex-boyfriend Diesel  shows up and threatens Govardhan that, when he finds out who Dolly's boyfriend is, Diesel will beat him up. Meanwhile, Kiran has a detective  follow Dolly and Govardhan. The twist in the story comes when Kiran tells Raj that she is going to Puna to meet her mom, when she's actually making a plan with the detective to catch Dolly and Raj red-handed. As soon as Kiran leaves, Raj calls and books the presidential suite at a hotel for Dolly and him, just like Kiran expected. While Dolly and Raj are enjoying themselves, Kiran's detective starts his job. But he gets crushed by the window as he is trying to climb into Raj and Dolly's room. When Raj and Dolly notice, they call Govardhan to help get rid of the body because they think he is dead. Just as Govardhan shows up, so does Dolly's ex, Diesel. While trying to get rid of the body, Raj's ex-cook, Mangu, shows up . The story takes a twist when they discover that the detective is alive. Lucky for them, he has lost him memory from the fall he suffered. Raj tells him he is John Matthews and he is married. Dolly tells him he is John Matthews and divorced. Govardhan tells him he is John Matthews, still a bachelor. Mangu tells him he is his friend and that he has a memory problem; under this pretense, he takes his watch and necklace saying that he forgot that Mangu actually gave it to him. Diesel runs into Govardhan and is about to beat him up when he tells him that Raj is her boyfriend. When Diesel runs into Raj, he tells him Govardhan is Dolly's boyfriend. Govardhan finds Dolly and tells her that instead of lying about love, she should be with the one who really loves her, Diesel. Dolly agrees and hugs Govardhan telling him he is a good guy. Unfortunately, Diesel mistakes the situation and starts to beat up Govardhan. Dolly saves Govardhan by telling Diesel that Govardhan convinced her to go back to him. Dolly leaves with Diesel. Govardhan goes back to his sick mother in the hospital.  He agrees to marry the woman of his mother's choice, Mala  the nurse taking care of her. And Raj convinces Kiran that nothing is going on and they go home as well. In the midst of all this, the detective gets his memory back and goes to Kiran with the proof of her husband's infidelity. As he gets there, Kiran and Raj are about to leave for a second honeymoon. When the detective sees the love between Kiran and Raj, he loses hope and throws the camera with the proof of Raj and Dolly's affair. The camera lands on Kiran's foot, and she sees the pictures. The story ends with Raj crying and living all alone."] ["Paramvir Singh  is a Non-resident Indian  living happily with his Canadian wife Mary  along with his two kids Karam and Veer and his mother  in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Dharam Singh , is Paramvir's long lost dad who had left them by taking Gajodhar Singh , Paramvir's younger brother with him to lead a criminal lifestyle. Once when an Indian woman and her husband, who's Canadian, comes to visit them, sees a picture of Dharam in their house. When Paramvir finds out that his father and brother are in Banaras, his mother sends him straight off to bring them back. When Paramvir reaches Banaras, he meets his brother and finds that he is a con man just like his father. Paramvir tracks Gajodhar in a bar where he also meets his dad, Dharam, who refuses to acknowledge him as his son. After this Gajodhar comes there, and a jeweller  shows up as well to take revenge on Gajodhar and Dharam for conning him. Paramvir backs them up, while Gajodhar goes on a date with Saheba , a Punjabi author. But when Saheba's brothers find out about her relationship with Gajodhar, they go violent and take Saheba with them back to Punjab. When Dharam sees that Gajodher is hopeless, he asks Paramvir to help, and acknowledges that he is his father but he shouldn't tell Gajodhar about that, after which Paramvir and Gajodher move to Punjab to get back his love. Saheba's elder brother Joginder Singh  and her other brothers want to marry her to an NRI. When they come to know that an NRI is coming they call him to their house. Actually these two NRI's are Paramvir and Gajodhar,who uses an alias as Karamvir. Joginder, after meeting both of them, decide that they would marry their sister to Paramvir, not to Gajodhar. After this Paramvir tries many ideas to get rejected by them, so that Saheba should get married to Gajodhar. Gajodhar tries to run with Saheba, many times, but always gets into a serious problem and all the plans get failed. Then Dharam shows up at the last moment with Parmavir's wife who mistakes him thinking he is re-marrying. One day Gajodhar learns Paramvir's kids are his nephews and Paramvir is his brother. Then they all plan to run away but Saheba's brothers find out that they ran. They reach an old storage place. Joginder's rival, Minty also reaches there. After Paramvir and Gajodhar save Saheba's familys life, they allow him to marry Saheba and they all go back to Canada with Paramvir and to his mother.At the end the entire family is reunited."] ["Emperor Chandragupta Maurya is taking a sanyasa. His grandson, prince Asoka, claims his grandfather's sword. The Emperor explains that the sword is in fact a demon that, whenever unsheathed, craves blood. A few years later, Prince Asoka , now a brave youth, is battling the chief of Takshila. He figures that his half-brother Susima  has deliberately withheld reinforcements from arriving, but defeats the enemy nevertheless. Asoka's mother, Queen Dharma, compels the prince to leave the kingdom to lead the life of a common man. The prince is disappointed, but leaves. In his travels, he meets a lovely maiden Kaurwaki  and falls in love with her. Soldiers from the kingdom of Kalinga are chasing her and her little brother Arya. They are on the run along with their faithful general Bheema . After saving their lives, Asoka introduces himself as Pawan, hiding his true identity. Kaurwaki and Arya are the princess and prince of Kalinga, who fled from their kingdom when the Prime Minister assassinated their parents. Asoka and Kaurwaki get married but Asoka receives word that his mother is unwell. He rushes back only to find that his mother is perfectly fine and is in a conspiracy to remove him from power. The King dispatches Asoka to quell a rebellion in Ujjain. Asoka obeys but first returns to find Kaurwaki. Unable to find her, and not knowing she has gone into hiding, he is informed by Bheema that they were slaughtered. A heartbroken Asoka attempts suicide, but is saved by Viraat , who swears to protect him. Mad with grief and anger, Asoka embarks on a violent campaign of conquest to seek death. Susima sends soldiers to assassinate him but Asoka is saved by Viraat and taken to a Buddhist monastery to recover. There, he meets a Buddhist maiden, Devi , who cares for him. Asoka marries Devi and returns in splendor to Magadha. Susima and his brothers are wild with anger from their futile attempts to eliminate Asoka. In their last political move, Queen Dharma is killed instead. Angered, Asoka kills Susima and is anointed Emperor. A few months later, Princess Kaurwaki and Prince Arya return to Kalinga with Bheema and have the Prime Minister executed for treason. Asoka declares war on the kingdom; Kaurwaki still does not know that Asoka is Pawan, and they prepare for war. A terrible war is fought in Kalinga. The Magadha army inflicts a cruel defeat on Kalinga. Not content with mere victory, Asoka's warriors butcher everyone in sight. Bheema is slain and Kaurwaki is wounded.  Asoka later visits the battlefield, where he discovers his horse, who was supposed to be in Kaurwaki's possession. With a surge of hope, he frantically searches for Kaurwaki and finds her. They have a heart-to-heart talk and he apologizes deeply for his actions. He is interrupted by Arya, who is dying after being inflicted with arrows. With Arya dying in his arms, Asoka suddenly realizes that his enemies, his family, and even Arya, are all dead, because of him. His grandfather's advice about the sword had been right. The film ends with Asoka throwing the sword at the same spot his grandfather had thrown it and embracing Buddhism. The final narrative describes how Asoka not only built a large empire, but spread Buddhism and the winds of peace through it."] ['This folktale story is set in a village where Roopa , lives with her father, the village priest. As a young child, Roopa\'s right cheek was burned by a pot of oil, leaving part of her face disfigured. Henceforth, Roopa keeps her right cheek hidden under the cover of her Sari. Despite the terrible accident, Roopa remains religious and goes to the village Hindu temple daily, singing hymns and devotional songs. The protagonist Rajeev , is a dashing engineer who arrives in the village to oversee the construction of a major dam. He suffers from a fear of ugliness. He hears Roopa\'s religious singing and meets her, but somehow doesn\'t pay attention to her disfigured side, and falls in love with her. He then asks her father permission to marry her. After the wedding, he discovers the truth, and thinks that he was cheated and forced to marry someone else, at which point he disowns Roopa and drives her out of the house. Roopa decides to meet him at night, using a veil to hide the charred side of her face. Rajeev spends his days hating his wife, and his nights loving his mistress, not knowing they are both the same woman - Roopa. During one of their nights together, they make love and Roopa gets pregnant. When Rajeev finds out that his wife is pregnant, he suspects her of infidelity and still refuses to believe this his "mistress" and wife are one and the same. In the movie\'s climax, a terrible storm ravages the village, breaking open the dam which Rajeev had come to build. In the swirling waters of the flood, Rajeev realises how shallow he had been, and saves Roopa from drowning.'] ['Kalu is a taxi-driver in Mumbai, India. He has two women who love him and would like to marry him. Kalu first wants to establish himself, and become rich, before he can even think of marriage. One of the women who loves him, has a father who is involved in gangster-type activities, and would like Kalu also to join him so that he can get rich son .imran has now to decide to become rich quick or sleep better. Kalu मुंबई, भारत में एक टैक्सी ड्राइवर है. वह दो महिलाओं को जो उसे प्यार करता हूँ और उससे शादी करना चाहते हैं. Kalu करने के लिए खुद को स्थापित करने के लिए, और अमीर हो, इससे पहले कि वह भी शादी के बारे में सोच सकते हैं चाहता है.महिलाओं को जो उससे प्यार करती है, एक पिता जो सरगना प्रकार की गतिविधियों में शामिल है, और Kalu भी करना चाहते हैं उसे तो शामिल है कि वह अमीर बेटे प्राप्त कर सकते हैं Kalu अब करने के लिए जल्दी अमीर बनने के लिए या बेहतर नींद का फैसला.'] ['Bittoo Sharma  is street-smart and fun-loving. The movie opens with Bittoo collecting money from others to gatecrash a wedding for tasty food. Intelligent and quirky, Shruti Kakkar , who assists the wedding coordinator, suspects that he is from neither the groom nor bride\'s side. However, Bittoo is successful in convincing her that he has a right to be there. After watching her dance at the wedding, Bittoo makes a video of her during the dance routine. After finding out her name and college, he tries to give her the DVD to impress her. She accepts it and tells him her dream of opening a wedding-planning company. When Bittoo\'s father comes to take him back to his village, Bittoo refuses and lies that he and Shruti are going into business together. He goes to Shruti with this idea and she initially refuses, but after seeing his persistence, finally agrees. They name the company "Shaadi Mubarak", and with the work equally split between the two, their enterprise becomes a success. Their first project is low-budget but very successful. The flamboyant duo then go on to plan many more small weddings. Later, they migrate to posh colonies of Delhi and get their first big client. After working night and day, their project becomes highly successful. At the night of the event, they dance to celebrate, and Shruti gets drunk. She falls for Bitto, and the two make love that night. The following morning, Bittoo realizes the mistake he has made, as he is not in love with Shruti, but does not want to hurt her feelings. While he acts strangely toward her, Shruti is extremely nice to him, which is unlike her, as she is usually sarcastic and snappy towards him. In an argument, Bittoo throws her own words back at her, that business and pleasure don\'t mix, and he does not love her. This creates a tense atmosphere between the two, and Bittoo leaves to create his own wedding-planning enterprise. Both of them attempt to prove themselves in the industry and provoke people to go against the other. However, both enterprises end up suffering huge losses. They finally get a contract in which they are asked to work together as a team. Both of them unwillingly take it up for the sake of recovering their own losses. After they start working for the wedding, Bittoo finds out that Shruti is engaged to a businessman in Dubai. Bittoo pesters Shruti, asking her whether her engagement was an attempt to make him jealous. Shruti answers that she is not doing it for revenge, but for her own security and her parents\' satisfaction to see her well-settled in life. She acknowledges that she did fall in love with Bittoo, but since he didn\'t feel the same, she had moved on. At the sudden thought of losing her forever, Bittoo realizes that he was always been in love with Shruti, but simply didn\'t know it. Finally, Bittoo and Shruti both acknowledge their love for each other with a passionate kiss. The film ends with both of them dancing at their own wedding, with their friends and family surrounding them.'] ["The story focuses on 99 con-men, Karan , Sam  and Lucky . The three make a plan along with Pooja  to find and steal a heist of missing diamonds. But they do not know that Karan's girlfriend Shania  also knows about the diamonds and is planning to steal them. While they are all on the run, lovers Angad  and Aditi  find the diamonds. Lucky starts thinking what he can do with all the money and wealth he can get and goes down to his local casino. He accidentally runs into Aditi and both their car keys fall on the floor. The keys get mixed up; Lucky takes Aditi's, and Aditi takes Lucky's. When Aditi finds out that Angad was cheating on her, she threatens to kill him, but Angad accidentally shoots and kills her. What he did not know was that the diamonds were in Aditi's car, but Lucky has the car now so it is nearly impossible for Angad to look for Aditi's car. However, Lucky runs back in to tell Sam, Karan and Pooja and when they go back outside, the car has disappeared. Karan, Sam, Lucky and Pooja chase after Angad to inherit the diamonds. Angad sends gangsters after them but the three survive and continue pursuing Angad. They shoot him and take the diamonds. Karan gets together with Shaniya, Lucky with Pooja, and Sam with Preeti ."] ['Fed up with being continuously bullied by his elder brother, Krishna sets fire to his brother\'s motor-bike, which lands him in big trouble with his mother. She takes him to the nearby Apollo Circus and tells him that he can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay for the damaged bike. Krishna agrees and finds a job with the circus, but one day his boss asks him to run an errand and when Krishna returns, he finds that the circus has packed up and left. Alone and with nowhere to turn, and unable to find the money to repay his mother, he decides to travel to the nearest big city - Mumbai . As soon as he arrives, he is robbed of all his meager possessions. He follows the thieves and befriends them, and ends up in the city\'s notorious red-light area of Falkland Road, near the Grant Road Railway Station. One of the thieves, Chillum, also a drug pusher and addict, helps Krishna get a job at the "Grant Road Tea Stall." Krishna gets a new name, "Chaipau," and learns to live with it. His goal is to get the money he needs to return home to his mother, but he soon finds out that saving money in his surroundings with the people near him is next to impossible. To make matters worse, he has a crush on a young prostitute named Sola Saal. He sets fire to her room and attempts to escape with her, but the two are caught. This gets Krishna a severe beating, and he loses his job. He works odd jobs to feed himself and look after Chillum, who can\'t live without his drugs. To get more money, Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man by breaking into his house in broad daylight. One night while returning home, the boys are apprehended by the police and taken to a juvenile home. Eventually, Krishna escapes and goes back to his world of drug-pushers, pimps and prostitutes, still nurturing his dream of one day returning to his mother.'] ["The story opens with a group of people travelling in a bus. The bus is stopped on its way and a bunch of hooligans board the bus and create a nuisance when a man tricks them into getting off the bus. Later the bus stops for a tea break and the hooligans arrive at the same time when suddenly a passing convoy is attacked and the assassins try to kill the man inside one of the cars. The man using his swiftness foils the attack and manages to nab and arrest one of the attackers while killing another. The rest manage to escape the scene. This man is Inspector Amar Damjee  and the person in the car turns out to be Chief Minister Vishwasrao Chowdhury  who was impressed with Amar and delegates to him the task of locating the people behind a multi-crore rupee international scandal to Amar. Amar promises to fulfill the job to the best of his ability. It is shown that Chaubey  was the one who committed the fraud and is trying to ensure that he is not caught and hence he had asked the assassins to attack the CM. Amar tries to break the back of crime and this starts irritating Chaubey who senses how close Amar is getting. Chaubey then frames Amar for the murder of the daughter of the Police Commissioner Mazumdar. Amar, after a long fight with the head assassin Raghu, escapes prison along with several others. He then plots a scheme to go undercover as a woman to find the man behind all of this. He finds Chaubey and recognizes him as the man who killed both his parents. Eventually, Chaubey's assassins take everyone hostage in a 12 story tower in attempt to attack the CM once again, but Amar slowly but surely rids of them all. As Chaubey tries to escape the scene via a helicopter on the terrace, Amar prevents him and eventually knocks him into a satellite dish, electrocuting Chaubey to death. Amar is congratulated by the CM and the Police Commissioner."] ["Sethumadhavan  is released after serving an imprisonment of seven years in central jail for murdering Keerikadan Jose, a hardcore criminal. Though it was an accident, which he did to save his life, the society is not ready to accept it. For them, he is now a hardcore criminal, who had killed someone who ruled the streets for long years. Up on release, Sethu visits the medical college to meet his younger brother who is doing a course in medicine. But his brother responds coldly and openly ask him not to make any visit as it may hurt his reputation. Sethu realizes that the world around him has undergone a severe change. At home, though his mother  is too happy to see him, his father Achuthan Nair  is not too keen to have him at home. Achuthan Nair, who always wanted Sethu to be a police inspector broke down completely after Sethu's conviction and has turned into an alcoholic. Remorseful Sethu looks forward to building up a life outside jail, but fails to find a job due to the tag of 'ex-convict' labelled on him. Sethu tries to catch up with his old friend Najeeb , who tells him about the present physical condition of Parameshwaran , whom Sethu had severely assaulted in a bid to save his own life. Fully paralysed, Parameshwaran now runs a cycle repair shop with the help of his wife and daughter. Sethu meets Parameshawaran, who, now is now a completed changed man. With the help of Parameshwaran, Sethu begins selling fish for a living. But the siblings of Keerikadan Jose, who were looking for a chance to revenge on Sethu, attack him violently. He is saved by a girl , who happens to be the daughter of Keerikadan. She expresses sympathy for him and encourages him to live a decent living. Once, in a bid to escape from the brothers of Keerikadan, Sethu beats them up. Achuthan Nair finds fault in Sethu and asks him to stay away from house, which he agrees to. But in no time, he realizes that for his surroundings, he is still a criminal. The local police officer warns Sethu for no reason and humiliates him which creates deep mental anguish to him. Sethu undergoes deep psychological torture, which slowly transforms him to another person. To counter the attacks from the Keerikadan family, Sethu becomes a thug of a local businessman. He slowly becomes a hardcore criminal and has several criminal cases pending in the police station, but overcomes them with the help of local politicians. With time, his relationship with the daughter of Keerikadan grows and he asks her mother  for her hand in marriage, which she refuses flatly citing that he is a criminal whose life has no guarantee. This incident strikes him deeply and he decides to change. In the meantime, Sethumadhavan shockingly finds out that his sister, under the veil of drama acting, is into prostitution, that too with their father acting as the pimp. This deals him a severe mental blow and he reacts violently to his father. Achuthan Nair, unable to face his son, commits suicide by hanging himself on the ceiling fan. Sethumadhavan now shifts back to his old village with the rest of his family and starts farming. Slowly, Keerikadan's wife agrees to get her daughter married to Sethu, but their teenager son maintains a bitter hatred towards Sethu. Karadi Antony, the younger brother of Keerikadan is now released from jail and is back to avenge his brother's death. He hunts down Sethu, but is killed by Sethu in an effort to save himself. But he is shocked when the younger son of Keerikadan at this crucial moment stabs Sethu, whereby he passes out. Sethu advises him to run away from the spot to save himself, else he too will end up as another criminal out of circumstances. Just watching him running away, Sethu closes his eyes for ever."] ["The movie follows the same plot as Woody Allen's Husbands and Wives. Set in contemporary Mumbai, the movie takes a close look at the evolving equations among urban couples and paints the metamorphosis amongst the relationships with a comic stroke. The film tracks the lives of two modern-day married couples &mdash; Samit  and Mita ; Rishi  and Simi  &mdash; caught in web of boredom, loss of love and temptation. The film starts with an announcement by Samit and Mita of their separation and follows the moral muddles and emotional crises of the couples over the next year and a half &mdash; as friends fight, separate, take lovers and, in a way, reconcile."] ['"Mitr, My Friend" is a film about the plight of women who sacrifice their life for the betterment of their family. It also describes the cultural differences experienced by a small town girl on moving to a transposed environment. The film opens with the marriage proceedings of a South Indian arranged marriage between Lakshmi  and Prithvi . Lakshmi is a typical South Indian girl from Chidambaram; Prithvi is a software engineer working in California. After the wedding, they move to the USA where Lakshmi gradually tries to fit into her new surroundings. The marriage is a happy union: Prithvi works hard at work, Lakshmi manages the home, and they grow to love one other deeply. Within a year, they are blessed with a baby girl Divya . The film flashes forward 17 years. Divya is a typical adolescent: she goes to school, plays soccer, and occasionally attends parties . Lakshmi does not take to the partying very well, and tensions rise between mother and daughter. Divya aspires independence, and expresses herself by sidelining Lakshmi; Lakshmi wants her to be responsible, and expresses this by checking up on Divya a bit too much for Divya to be comfortable. Prithvi understands both sides, and tries to cope with Divya\'s growing up, but not always with full cognizance of Lakshmi\'s feelings. Things escalate one evening when Divya kisses her boyfriend Robbie outside her home. Lakshmi is furious, because of the traditional way that she was brought up, and drives Robbie away; Divya is furious at this kind of interference. Divya moves out. Lakshmi is overwhelmed by this. Prithvi is angered because he finds out that Lakshmi had slapped Divya, and he is unable to do anything about it. He begins to drift away from Lakshmi. Amid this storm, Lakshmi seeks a shoulder in an Internet chat room, where she meets a "mitr" , with whom she is gradually able to share her thoughts and feelings. This connection yields another result: "mitr" points out Lakshmi is too committed to her family to indulge in herself. Lakshmi digests this and begins to explore her own interests in carpentry, dance, hairstyling, and thereby establishes a new identity and personality for herself. She becomes fast friends with her new neighbors Steve  and his kid brother Paul. Prithvi keeps his distance, however. And he is chagrined that the new Lakshmi is not the over-doting new wife: she is still affectionate, but has now learned the notions of space and tacit distance. But while he is inwardly glad she is growing, he discovers there is depleting room for him, particularly at a time when he is coping with his daughter\'s absence. Things come to a head when he overhears Lakshmi laughing with Steve, assumes the worst, and uses a convenient work related excuse to move out for a few days. The film takes a turn when Lakshmi, now alone at home, receives a call from the hospital. Divya has broken up with Robbie and is now hurt. Divya realizes the outcomes of her previous decisions and decides to return home. Mother and daughter spend some quality time and bond over Lakshmi"s narration of nostalgic stories about her arrival to a new life in the USA. She is in touch with her "mitr" all through. The film builds to its climax when she asks, at Divya\'s urging, "mitr" to meet in person at the Fisherman\'s Wharf in San Francisco. All is revealed when "mitr" turns out to be Prithvi.'] ['Kishen Verma is an industrialist who heads the Verma empire. His relatives are his mother , his uncle  and his cousin Bhanu. One day, he finds his cousin defrauding the company and banishes him from the house. To expand his business, Kishen decides to investigate prospects in a village. Here he meets a village belle named Radha . Besides his work, Kishen starts teaching English to Radha and some other people in village. Kishen and Radha slowly fall in love with each other. Unknown to Kishen, somebody is stalking him and reading his mails. Kishen leaves the village  and promises to come back. On reaching home, Kishen is surprised to see a mourning at his home. He is even more confused to see people looking astonishingly at him. But, he gets a shock of his life when he sees the portrait of his mother, signifying that his mother is dead. The real sucker punch comes when he sees his duplicate mourning next to his mother\'s portrait. When he tells that he is Kishen, his duplicate claims the same. When he prods the duplicate to tell something about real Kishen, the duplicate astonishes him by telling him about his life as well as about Radha. Kishen is unable to think as to how the duplicate could know about Radha, but he knows that his pet dog will identify the real master. When the dog, too, goes to the duplicate, Kishen is thrown out of his own home. Meanwhile Kishen learns about sudden death of one of his old servants, and he smells foul play. He somehow succeeds to infiltrate into his own office, which is now run by his duplicate. But, he gets arrested. Another servant tells Kishen about his mother\'s accident, which probably killed her. Kishen also notices that Chander is back in home. Meanwhile, Radha comes to meet Kishen in the city. But, when she sees "Kishen" partying with some girls, she thinks that Kishen has forgotten her. She turns to go back, but the real Kishen has escaped police custody. He stops her and explains the whole story. He, Radha and Goonga , a dumb convict who has escaped with Kishen, plan to set things straight. The trio hide themselves in a boat which takes them to Goa. Here, Kishen meets a girl who calls him Tony. Slowly, he comes to realize that his duplicate\'s name is Tony Breganza. Tony works as a saxophonist in a Goan club called Three Aces and has a girlfriend there. Kishen starts gathering all information about Tony. The trio return to Mumbai. Radha pretends to be a girl named Rita and gains access to Kishen\'s home. Kishen has identified key players by now: Chander, Tony and Inspector T.T. Dholak . He creates a rift between the trio. An enraged Tony threatens to expose his partners by what he calls his trump card. The angered partners take him to the real head behind the game, who is revealed to be Kishen\'s uncle. Now, Tony shows his trump card &mdash; he tells them that Kishen\'s mother is still alive and his men have kept her in captivity. She knows nothing about Tony or the events happening. Meanwhile, Kishen discovers the depth of the trio\'s planning. He finds that his dog could not identify him as it was not his dog. Like Kishen, his dog, too, had been replaced. Now, Kishen comes back, impersonating Tony and makes Tony\'s partners throw Tony out the same way Kishen was thrown. Tony comes to the place where he has hid Kishen\'s mother and convinces her that he is Kishen. Kishen arrives there, too. Kishen\'s mother tricks the duo and finds out who is her son. Just then, all the villains show up at Tony\'s den. Kishen\'s uncle goes on to explain that he never liked the way his dead brother left the entire estate to Kishen\'s mother. He explains that Chander was not the only one looting the money. When Chander was thrown out, he went till Goa to find him, where he met Tony. As the whole plot is explained, Kishen surprises by saying that he had anticipated this: The money he used to lure out the villains was fake. In another twist, Dholak comes out holding a trigger on Radha\'s head. Even Kishen is surprised when Goonga re-introduces himself as Inspector Bhende. He explains that he was sent undercover by the commissioner as even he smelled a rat. In a melee that ensues, the villains are overpowered and arrested. Tony surprises by acknowledging his true identity and saying that there can be only one Kishen. Kishen and Radha are united.'] ["Shriranga Deshmukh  is a frustrated man. His frustration is particularly towards the women in his life &mdash; his wife, his mother and particularly his ever-angry boss. He feels they are in control of his life. During a trip to his native village, Ranga participates in an annual festival. During this trip he discovers that he has now gained the ability to listen to women's thoughts. At first, he is confused. But soon, on being counseled by a female psychologist, he learns to look at his abilities as a gift instead of a curse. From that point onwards, the insight into the female mind helps him understand the women around him. It helps him see their frustrations and dilemmas brought on by everyday life. Being good at heart, he slowly starts using this understanding to improve his relationship with his wife, mother, grandmother, his boss and even his father. He is also able to solve some of their problems, making them happier than before. As an incentive, he saves the city by foiling the plans of a would-be female terrorist."] ["The film mainly is a about a tawaif , who accidentally enters the life of Dawood  who already has fallen in love with an upcoming writer . The situation becomes such that he has to claim that she  happens to be his wife. Soon the Tawaaif makes room in everybody's heart by her softness and intelligence, love and affection. It becomes difficult for Dawood as he cannot forget his first love , nor the Tawaaif  and also that he cannot tell the identity of Rati to anybody else. However, gradually all problems are solved, misunderstandings removed and Dawood willingly accepts Rati while Suleman Seth  who also loves Poonam, accepts her. The songs of the film were nicely written by Hassan Kamal and composed by Chopra's favourite Ravi. The song 'Tere Pyar Ki Tamanna' and 'Bahut De Kar Di' are very meaningful and ear-pleasing."] ['Chinku is a young impish kid who lives with his greedy uncle. His life changes when he finds an enchanted talking book at a curio stall. It transports him to the magical land of Alibaba and 41 thieves. Chinku also makes a diabolic and dangerous enemy - Abu Hasan - the wicked and brutal leader of the pack. As good crosses paths with evil, characters from the real world  and the fantasy world of Alibaba cross over, leading to an explosion of fun, action of fantasy.'] ["Mausam is a dramatic love story of Dr. Amarnath Gill, who falls for Chanda, the daughter of a local healer, Harihar Thapa, when visiting Darjeeling for his medical exams. Amarnath is called back and promises Chanda to return, though he never keeps his promise. Twenty-five years later, he returns as a wealthy man and searches for Chanda and her father. He learns that Harihar has died and that Chanda was married to a crippled old man. She gave birth to a daughter, became insane and died. Finding Chanda's daughter, Kajli, he sees that she closely resembles her mother and later discovers that after having been molested by her mother's brother-in-law, she ended up at a brothel. Amarnath had no choice but to buy her from the brothel and he takes Kajli home and tries to change her into well refined woman to make up for what he did to Chanda. Unaware that Amarnath is indirectly responsible for her mother's death, Kajli begins to fall for him."] ["Vicky  is a popular singer, who meets and falls in love with Preeti . He asks permission to marry her from her father, who instantly approves of him. Preeti is reluctant to get married but agrees for her father's sake. Soon, her father falls ill, and he makes her promise that she will not tell Vicky about her past life. A few years earlier, Preeti had fallen in love with and married Raja  against her father's wishes. Though the two were very happy together, they were cruelly separated when Raja got involved in an accident and disappeared. Preeti returned to her father's house, where she learnt that she was pregnant. She gave birth to a daughter; however, her father sent the baby to an orphanage. After marrying Vicky, Preeti is quite happy with him. She meets her daughter, Pinky, in the orphanage, and decides to legally adopt her. Vicky, who does not know about Preeti's connection to Pinky, opposes the adoption because he looks forward to having his own children some day. Preeti continues to meet Pinky. However, a mysterious stranger also contacts Preeti. She starts to receive phone calls from someone, and repeatedly lies to Vicky regarding her whereabouts. Convinced that Preeti is having an extramarital affair, Vicky follows her. It turns out she is being called by Raja, her first husband, who is alive and wants to adopt Pinky. Vicky goes out of his mind when he finds about this, but agrees to adopt Pinky when he learns the whole truth. This is followed by some action scenes, which result in Raja's death."] ['The film is based on the real-life events of the Chittisinghpura massacre on 20 March 2000, in which 37 Sikhs were massacred by Islamic Terrorists in Kashmir. The film revolves around two Sikh brothers, Kuldeep [played by Rahul Dev] and Jaideep [played by Rocky Khanna] whose parents were among the victims of the massacre. They migrate to Mumbai. The film contrasts the various ideological and religious movement in India that have extremist views, from Islamic Fundamentalism to Hindu Nationalism, which are often pitted against each other as adversaries. The film revolves around those Muslims who tacitly support Pakistan despite their residing in India.'] ["Poovalli Induchoodan  is sentenced for six years prison life for murdering his classmate. Induchoodan, the only son of Justice Maranchery Karunakara Menon  was framed in the case by Manapally Madhavan Nambiar  and his crony DYSP Sankaranarayanan  to take revenge on idealist judge Menon who had earlier given jail sentence to Manapally in a corruption case. Induchoodan, who had achieved top rank in Indian Civil Service loses the post and Manapally Sudheeran ([[Saikumar  enters the list of civil service trainees. We learn in flashback that it was Ramakrishnan  the son of Moopil Nair , who had actually killed his classmate. Six years passes by and Manapally Madhavan Nambiar, now a former state minister, is dead and Induchoodan, who is all rage at the gross injustice meted out to him - thus destroying his promising life, is released from prison. Induchoodan thwarts Manapally Pavithran  from performing the funeral rituals of Nambiar at Bharathapuzha. Many confrontations between Induchoodan and Manapally's henchmen follow. Induchoodan also falls in love with Anuradha ([[Aishwarya , the strong-willed and independent-minded daughter of Mooppil Nair. Justice Menon and his wife returns back to Kerala to stay with Induchoodan. There is an appearance of a girl named Indulekha ([[Kanaka , who claims to be the daughter of Justice Menon. Menon flatly refuses the claim and banishes her. Forced by circumstances and at the instigation and help of Manapally Pavithran, she reluctantly come out open with the claim. Induchoodan at first thrashes the protesters. But upon knowing the truth from Chandrabhanu his uncle, he accepts the task of her protection in the capacity as elder brother. Induchoodan decides to marry off Indulekha to his good friend Jayakrishnan . Induchoodan has a confrontation with his father and prods him to accept mistake and acknowledge the parentage of Indulekha. Menon ultimately regrets and goes on to confess to his daughter. The very next day, when Induchoodan returns to Poovally, Indulekha is found dead and Menon is accused of murdering her. The whole act was planned by Pavithran, who after killing Indulekha, forces Raman Nair  to testify against Menon in court. In court, Nandagopal Maarar , a close friend of Induchoodan and a famous supreme court lawyer, appears for Menon and manages to lay bare the murder plot and hidden intentions of other party . Menon is judged innocent of the crime by court. After confronting Pavithran and promising just retribution to the crime of killing Indulekha, Induchoodan returns to his father, who now shows remorse for all his actions including not believing in the innocence of his son. But while speaking to Induchoodan, Menon suffers a heart stroke and passes away. At Menon's funeral, Manapally Pavithran arrives to poke fun at Induchoodan and he also tries to carry out the postponed last rituals of his own father. Induchoodan interrupts the ritual and avenges for the death of his sister and father by severely injuring Pavithran. On his way back to peaceful life, Induchoodan accepts Anuradha as his life partner."] ["Dr. Roy  is an honest surgeon who works in a private hospital. He falls in love with his colleague Dr. Annie . When Annie discovers a frightening organ-smuggling operation in her hospital, she is murdered. Dr. Roy is framed for the crime due to circumstantial evidence. However, on his way to jail, he escapes. A fugitive from justice, he tries to discover the truth. He eventually finds aid in a police officer, Javed . Eventually, Dr. Roy is able to bring the perpetrators behind the kidney scam to justice and kill Ifti, , his wife's murderer."] ['Corporate centers around the power games between two industrialists, The Sehgal Group of Industries  owned by Vinay Sehgal  and the Marwah Group of Industries owned by Dharmesh Marwah . The two companies are traditional rivals in the food products business. Bipasha Basu plays Nishigandha Dasgupta aka Nishi, vice president of SGI, while Vinay Sehgal\'s brother-in-law Ritesh  joins in later as senior vice president. Ashwini, a politician backed by Sehgal, become the Union Finance Minister, which helps the Sehgal Group to enter a lucrative partnership with international food products giants Friscon. In a CII meeting, the state Finance Minister Gulabrao declares that a public sector unit  is for sale. Both the companies pounce into the competition using every tactic they have to outperform each other. But last-minute politicking by Marwah with Gulabrao leads to the PSU going to the Marwah Group, leaving Sehgal disappointed. However, Nishi charms Marwah Group\'s CEO Pervez, and is then able to steal critical information from his laptop computer: she finds out that Marwah had been misleading the media that they were planning to manufacture mineral water in the plant, whereas in reality they were planning to manufacture a mint-based soft drink. The Sehgal Group publicly announces that they will be launching their own mint-based soft drink, which they\'ve named "Just Chill", pre-empting the Marwah Group\'s planned launch. Marwah traces the leak to Pervez and fires him. Ten days before the launch of the drink Sehgal learns that the FDA has found the presence of a large amount of pesticides in the drink. But Sehgal, cold-heartedly, decides to launch the product by bribing the FDA agents. However CEO Naveen resigns from the SGI. The drink is a great success. However, another of SGI\'s executive is unhappy that Ritesh is being made the CEO, and he gives Marwah the information that SGI\'s product contains pesticides. Marwah along with Gulabrao blow up the issue in the media, leading to a raid on the SGI plants and a case on the Sehgals. Sehgal decides that the only solution is for an employee of SGI who is not a member of the Sehgal family to take the blame for the blunder. Nishi is chosen for that role. Ritesh is hesitant but Nishi agrees and is convicted. Meanwhile Friscon chief Steve meets with Ashwini and threatens to withdraw all investments from India. Ashwini contacts Gulabrao and both the politicians convince both the business giants to compromise and the ban on the soft drink is lifted. Sehgal had promised Ritesh that Nishi will be out of the Enquiry Commission soon but after the compromise he abandons her. Ritesh, angry about it, threatens to expose Sehgal in front of the media if Nishi is not released within 48 hours. The next day he is found dead, having fallen from the terrace of his apartment building. It is assumed to be suicide but some think otherwise. A few days later, SGI\'s product is back on the market. In the new elections Gulabrao becomes the Chief Minister. The movie ends with Nishi shown fighting the case. She also has a daughter sired by Ritesh.'] ['The movie deals with the Malabar rebellion, more popularly known as the Mappila Lahala. Mammootty plays the role of Kadhir, a leader of the rioters.'] ["The story is set around 1580, in the time of King Akbar. Biramdev  is the king of Medta, a province in Rajasthan. He has two daughters, Meera  and Krishna  and a son, Jaimal . Meera is in deep emotional love with Lord Krishna, so much so that she considers Lord Krishna to be her husband. Akbar  is becoming stronger day by day and hence other small provinces are trying to join against him. Medta, in one such political agreement, decides to join hands with Raja Vikramajit . As a part of this agreement Meera is married  to Vikramajit's son, Rana Bhojraj . But even after getting married her love for Lord Krishna remains the same and she follows her own ideals and way of living which are not very acceptable to Bhojraj and his family. One thing leads to another and one day Meera is declared as an outcast and traitor who failed to play a wife's duties towards her husband, a bride's duties towards her family, and a woman's duties towards society. She is jailed and a public trial is ordered to decide her fate. But Meera is still unshakable and her spirituality keeps her going. She is not even afraid of death. Finally she is given a death sentence and is ordered to drink a cup of venom in front of the public."] ["Sapna, the daughter of the Saigal family's driver, is a simple fun-loving girl, but she dreams about riches. Vijay and Vicky Saigal are both heirs to Saigal Industries. However, Vijay spends all his time working and Vicky is a flirt. Vicky doesn't notice Sapna until she becomes a successful model. But Sapna's success hasn't changed her status. She is still the driver's daughter and Mrs. Shanti Devi may overlook her son's affairs with rich girls but not with a driver's daughter. As Vijay tries to help, he finds himself falling in love with Sapna, too. Before it's too late Sapna falls in love with him, too, and Vijay decides for them to get married. On Vicky's birthday, Vijay comes back with Sapna and sees his brother's changes. The man who used to be a flirt now doesn't drink liquor, smoke cigarettes, or flirt with girls. The only one he sees in his heart is Sapna, because of her statement before she left to Bombay. The boys soon talk about getting married: Both want to marry Sapna. Unfortunately, Vicky thinks his brother is talking about his own relationship with her. No matter what they say, their mother  will not let them marry her because of her wealth status. One fine afternoon, Vicky goes out for lunch with Vijay and Sapna. In the middle of their journey, they have a flat tire, and Vijay tries to fix it. Instead, the jackbox breaks and Vicky offers to get it from a garage. Sapna finds out Vicky wants to marry her at that point and starts to cry, so Vijay tries to calm her down by giving her a hug. Just then, Vicky arrives and realizes the truth. He returns home drunk. Their mother has had enough and tells Sapna's father to tell her to go back to Bombay or get fired. Before getting any more humiliated, Sapna tells her aunt that the only reason she came back was because Vijay forced her so he could ask his mom if they could get married and she storms off with her dad, to the train station. When Vicky threatens to commit suicide if she doesn't accept Sapna as her daughter-in-law, his mother accepts. Sapna returns and Vicky sacrifices his love for his brother. Vicky is seen driving and comes across a girl . He instantly falls for her and decides to make her his life companion."] ["Twenty years ago Angar Chand  lived a wealthy lifestyle in a small town in India along with his wife, Parvati, and four sons, Balram , Kishan , Shakti ([[Arbaaz Khan  and Jai . Since Balram is of marriageable age, he arranges his marriage with the daughter of Laxmi Devi ([[Lakshmi , who decides to oppose this marriage. During the wedding ceremony, Laxmi Devi and her sons, Surajbhan, and Pratap forcibly remove their sister and accidentally kill Parvati. They subsequently get their sister married to Kashinath. An enraged Angar hacks Laxmi's husband to death, is arrested and sentenced to 14 years in prison. When he returns he makes it clear that women will not be permitted in his house, posting a sign on the front gate, and forbids his sons to ever marry. At the movie's beginning Angarchand and his sons prevent Anjali's marriage, , Laxmi's granddaughter. Jai humiliates Anjali when she returns to uday pratap Law College after her failed engagement. Laxmi convinces Anjali to trick Jai into falling in love with her to cause a rift in the family. Jai, meets with Anjali, who openly admits that she is attracted to him. Jai, at first rejects her, then decides to teach her and her family a lesson. Both feign their love for each other, but subsequently Anjali admits that she wanted to come close to Jai to extract vengeance, as well as Jai admitting his agenda. Both go their separate ways, but find that they are indeed in love with each other. In order to get wed, Jai must first convince his elder brothers to get married albeit in vain as none of them even want to consider this option. Then Lucky , Jai's friend, finds out that Kishan, a seemingly celibate Bhagwan Hanuman's devotee, is leading a dual life as Murari, who has been married to a woman, Gopi , from Gangapur, for 7 years and has two children, a son and a daughter. When Angar finds out he kicks Kishan and Jai out of his house because Jai supports Kishan's marriage. A marriage is finalized for Anjali with a son of advocate of Laxmi, but after Jai and Anjali acknowledge their love for each other to her family, Pratap and Surajbhan approach Angar to help them stop Jai from disrupting this marriage on one hand, while Laxmi tells Jai to marry Anjali - setting off confrontations between the estranged sons and father. Jai, Kishan and his wife Gopi, and Lucky sneak into the wedding festival with the help of Anjali's uncle Veeru. Jai is dressed as the bridegroom and successfully completes the wedding ceremony. Once Laxmi recognizes Jai in disguise, she confronts Angar to cut his own son's throat. Jai tells his father he won't go through with the wedding without his approval. Balram the oldest of the brothers finally tells Jai to place the wedding necklace on Anjali's neck which finalizes the wedding. The necklace is grabbed from Jai's hands and a race goes throughout the wedding hall chasing Jai to stop him, but in the end Jai succeeds and the marriage is completed. Anjali asks her grandmother to stop the feud their families and Jai asks his father for forgiveness. Angar leaves the wedding and contemplates all his sons actions on the way home. All brothers and the two wives arrive and the gate. Angar looks at his sons and takes the sign off the gate and finally welcomes women back into his family."] ["Shiv Charan Sharma, a farmer, moves to the city to make a life with his son Rohan, daughter Radha Seth and his wife. He meets Munna, an orphan. Shiv and Munna work hard in the underbelly of the city outside the law and go on to lead a syndicate of gangsters. Years pass by and Shiv Charan Sharma is shown to have become an untouchable ganglord. Aslam Pathan and Billa Singh Thakur, rival crime bosses, try to kill Shiv in hopes of overtaking his territory and get rid of the opposition he was proving to be in their plans to increase drug traffic within the city. Munna meanwhile falls in love with Razia, who is the daughter of Aslam Pathan. She elopes with Munna and gets married. Aslam Pathan attempts to get back at the father of the groom, by sending Gogia Advani to Shiv Charan Sharma with a drug proposition as he thinks that Shiv's acceptance of Gogia's offer would create dissent amongst the crime cirlces. Shiv Charan Sharma refuses, but Munna seems interested. Shiv Charan Sharma gets shot by goons hired by Pathan and Thakur. They think that Munna will follow up on the drug deal if the father is out of the picture. The father survives though. At this point Rohan enters the picture with girlfriend Neha.He has kept away from the family business till this point. Rohan then avenges his father's shooting by taking out Gogia Advani with Munna's help. Following the shooting, Rohan is on the run where he meets Ganga whom he falls for too. Four years later, Rohan becomes the crime boss. In the end, Sharad Joshi takes a killing contact from Aslam Pathan and Billa Singh Thakur to kill Shiv Charan Sharma and Munna. It is to be seen how Rohan protects his brother and his father."] ['Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story about a political marriage of convenience between a Mughal emperor, Akbar, and a Rajput princess, Jodhaa. Political success knew no bounds for Emperor Akbar . After having secured the Hindu Kush, his empire extends from Afghanistan to the Bay of Bengal, and from the Himalayas to the Narmada River. Through a shrewd blend of diplomacy, intimidation and brute force, Akbar won the allegiance of the Rajputs. This allegiance was not universal. Maharana Pratap and many other Rajputs always considered Akbar as a foreign invader. Maharana Pratap also banned inter marriages between Rajputs who had given their daughters to the Mughals and the ones who did not.But little did Akbar know that when he married Jodhaa , a fiery Rajput princess, in order to further strengthen his relations with the Rajputs, he would in turn be embarking upon a new journey – the journey of true love. The daughter of King Bharmal of Amer, Jodhaa resented being reduced to a mere political pawn in this marriage of alliance, and Akbar’s biggest challenge now lies in winning the love of Jodhaa – a love hidden deep below resentment and extreme prejudice.{{cite web}}'] ["Chashm-e-Buddoor features Deepti Naval, Farooq Shaikh and Saeed Jaffrey and has guest roles by Indian National TV and Film Industry artists like Vinod Nagpal, Amitabh Bachhan and Rekha. Siddharth , Omi  and Jomo  are close friends and room mates who are studying at Delhi University. Siddharth has completed M.A in Economics and is preparing for PhD. Siddharth is very studious and spends most of his time with books whereas Omi and Jai are busy in chasing girls, watching movies or dramas; only common thing among them is smoking. One day Omi and Jai see a girl  who is new to their neighborhood and tries to impress her by their tricks; they give up for her when both of them experience shameful events. After some days, Neha  shows up as Chamko washing powder salesgirl to their flat, upon seeing whom Jai and Omi hide quickly. Siddharth sees Neha for the first time and a love story begins. But when his two friends find out, they decide to put an end to their relationship as a revenge to the embarrassment inflicted upon them by the girl. Initially they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha but later on repent when they find that Siddharth lost his interest in work and study and also likely to end his life. Finally they decide to reunite both and accordingly Neha's grandmother is also accommodated in the plan by staging a fake kidnapping so that Siddharth could prove him by saving Neha from the kidnappers. The parallel plot runs between Omi, Jomo, Siddharth and Lallan Miyan. Lallan Miyan is the local shopkeeper who sells Cigarettes to Omi and Jomo on credit. But as students staying far away from their family spend money on other things and don't clear his debts. Lallan Miyan tires to follow-up with them to get their dues. A spate of kidnapping  has started in Delhi. One fine day Omi and his friends along with Neha's grandmother plan to stage a fake kidnapping and get married. But unfortunately she is kidnapped by the real gang and the duo leave in lurch. The latter part of the story revolves how they clear the confusion that she has been in fact kidnapped by real thugs and how she is rescued."] ["The story centres on the legacy of a dead Indian underworld don , who dies of a heart attack at the beginning of the film. He leaves diamonds worth $10bn at the New York Bank, to be distributed equally between his son Vikrant, his daughter Preeti, and Preeti's husband Guru Gulab Khatri. To claim the diamonds, all three benefactors must be present at the bank or, if dead, their death certificates must be presented. Shortly after the Don's death, Vikrant attempts to eliminate Guru by assassinating the Indian home minister in full view of television cameras while disguised as him. Guru flees to the US disguised as someone else to escape prosecution. Guru moves to the street where Anmol and his family live. Anmol recognizes him from the news. His mother-in-law forces him to go to India, along with his father-in-law, Manilal  to tell Vikrant about Guru and get the reward. But everything turns wrong when Vikrant doesn't give the reward and instead sends Anmol and Manilal back to the USA with his hired men, Yeda Anna  and Chota Chathri  to kill Guru. Later, they find out that Yeda Anna was a double agent: He was working for Guru the whole time because he offered more money. The group receive Vikrant and Preeti at the airport and drive to the hotel. At the hotel, Vikrant is kidnapped by a mysterious group of Chinese goons. Yeda Anna receives a phone call and finds out that the kidnapped Vikrant was a duplicate of the real one and the real one was going to come later by plane. They kill the second Vikrant and put his body in a car by the Brooklyn Bridge. With Vikrant's death, Preeti and Guru each get half of the diamonds. When they are outside the bank, a group of policemen arrest them and take them to an unknown desert area. It is revealed that Vikrant is still alive and the first Vikrant was kidnapped by Chinese goons. Vikrant gets the diamonds and tries to kill Guru. A fight occurs. At the end of the fight, Guru kills Vikrant. When it's all over, they ask each other to find out who has the diamonds. Anmol has them and says he will give them to Guru if he gives Preeti a divorce. Guru arrives at the location selected by Anmol and gets the diamonds, while giving Anmol the divorce papers. Yeda Anna betrays Guru and tries to steal the diamonds. Guru wins in a fight and gives the diamonds to Yeda Anna while hanging him to a bar and having him stand on Chota Chathri's shoulders. In the end, Anmol and his love, Preeti, are seen going to India. Anmol's ex-father-in-law gives him some diamonds that he received from Guru. Preeti comments that she didn't know that Guru was so nice."] ['The film opens in the year 1920 at Palampur, India. An architect arrives at a large haveli . The manager of the haveli, MK, discusses how the owner of the haveli wishes to have it torn down and have a hotel constructed in its place. Later that night, the architect hears strange sounds, and when he goes out to investigate, he is killed by a mysterious force. It turns out the architect who was engaged before him was killed in a similar manner some time ago. The film introduces another architect, Arjun Singh. Arjun is religious  and devoted to his family; but he is also in love with Lisa. This meets strong disapproval from his family because Lisa  is of mixed faith. Arjun decides to marry Lisa anyway. As he travels to Mumbai, his father and his brothers intercept his car, beat him up and try to burn Lisa alive. Arjun fights back and decides to disavow his faith  for Lisa. He ultimately becomes an atheist. The haveli project is handed to Arjun\'s firm, and Arjun and Lisa arrive at the haveli soon after. Strange things happen . Arjun is unaware of the events, but Lisa soon senses a malevolent alien presence. Lisa questions Balwant , but he feigns ignorance. He discusses the matter privately with MK, and earnestly pleads with MK to relieve Arjun and Lisa of the project for it will claim their lives just as it killed the others who came before them. The haveli does not wish to be destroyed, says Balwant, and that is why it reacts to anyone who wants to tear it down, including MK.  MK is aware of some evil presence, but he silences Balwant with a fat bribe. Arjun leaves for Delhi on a business trip. Lisa experiences stronger events, and confides in a local church priest. At Lisa\'s request, the priest arrives at the haveli, and immediately senses a strong evil presence in the main hall of the haveli. Later that evening, in his church rooms, he experiences an evil force, and wakes up to find a Baphomet, drawn in blood, on a wall in his room. He consults with the head priest and they quickly conclude that an evil spirit resides in the haveli and is specifically targeting Lisa. The priest returns to issue a stern warning for Lisa. Lisa is away, and Balwant takes the message, but does not mention it to Lisa. Lisa becomes ill, refuses food and water and takes to bed.  The priest returns and attempts to place a cross on Lisa. Lisa transforms into a diabolical personality and attacks the priest. Arjun engages a doctor but it turns out to be fruitless as Lisa\'s evil outbursts  simply overwhelm the hospital staff. Now convinced there is an alien force at work, Arjun storms into MK\'s office and demands the truth. MK reveals the name of the previous owner/occupant, Radhama, and Arjun visits her in Nawanagar. Radhama reveals how it started in 1857 , when she was a servant at the haveli. A wounded mutineer, Mohan Kant, sought cover at the haveli. He turned out to be a spy for the British forces. The owner\'s daughter, Gayatri, seduced him to buy time until her uncle arrived. Her uncle and his men hanged him. He vowed revenge with his dying breath, and his soul has remained in the haveli ever since.  Arjun returns to the haveli. The soul of the treasonous soldier has now completely possessed Lisa\'s body. The priest suggests an exorcism, and decides to perform it himself. The ritual begins well, but the evil soul is too powerful for the inexperienced priest, and the priest and Balwant are both killed. The evil spirit impels Lisa to slit her wrists  when the spirit can carry her soul with it to hell. Unable to physically restrain Lisa, Arjun is forced to reexamine his lost faith. Now, Lisa who is empowered by the evil soul, beats Arjun badly. After Arjun is beaten badly, a possessed Lisa now emotionally tortures Arjun. Soon Arjun feels that only God can save Lisa. Arjun rises up, he limps towards Lisa and embraces her. Arjun then embraces Lisa with full might and begins reciting the Hanuman Chalisa. The evil soul is now being tortured. He tries to run but Arjun holds Lisa\'s body with all his might. He then drags her into a small room while reciting the Hanuman Chalisa. After some time, the evil soul is in enough pain because of listening to the words. Arjun then says "Jai Bajrang Bali" and the evil soul is flushed out of Lisa\'s body. The evil soul runs out in extreme pain and is eventually destroyed.'] ["Sharda  and Nima  are sisters living with their widowed father. Sharda gets married to Balraj Kohli , a businessman, and they have a son, Sagar. Nima also marries a wealthy young man. But Nima's husband dies in an accident immediately after the marriage. Sharda, unable to see her sister as a widow, becomes mentally ill and is admitted to Pune Mental Hospital. After 14 years, an inmate strikes Sharda on her head, and she loses consciousness for several days. When she regains her senses, she remembers everything that happened 14 years ago, but is unable to recollect her life in the mental hospital. Her psychiatrist discharges her to the care of her husband and family. Sharda comes home and finds that everything is about the same, except that her son has grown up and is about to be engaged. She sees Nima still wearing a widow's garb. A few months later, Sharda sees Nima clad in a married woman's attire, and starts suspecting that everything is not what it seems. She then finds out that Balraj had married Nima and also had a son with her. As details come flooding back to Sharda, she experiences paranoia & is unable to trust anyone. She feels alone, lost, helpless, and distrustful in the midst of her loved ones, as no one is what they claim to be."] ['Orphaned and abused at a very young age, a young boy faces the harsh side of life as he struggles to make a living by slaving day and night working in the house of a wealthy man named Ramnath. Ramnath does not like him: it is later revealed that another orphan had taken advantage of his kindness in the past, hence his animosity. Ramnath\'s daughter Kaamna, however, empathizes with the boy and they form a friendship. Eventually he is adopted by a Muslim woman who also works for Ramnath, Fatima, who decides to name him Sikandar. On the occasion of Kaamna\'s birthday Sikandar, who had promised to replace one of her dolls which he\'d broken, steals an expensive doll from a shop to give as a gift. However, Ramnath refuses to let the boy attend the party, and when Sikandar breaks into Kaamna\'s room to deliver the doll he is caught and accused of trying to rob the house. He and his mother are banished from Ramnath\'s home. Shortly thereafter, Fatima dies, leaving young Sikandar with the responsibility of looking after her daughter, Mehroo. As Sikandar is crying in the graveyard, a fakir comes to him and asks him to embrace the woes of life and find happiness in sadness, for then he would become the conqueror of fate. The sequence cuts to a grown up Sikandar  zooming on his motorbike singing his favourite tune. It is then revealed that Sikandar has amassed a fortune by turning in smuggled goods to the police and receiving the reward payouts. With all his wealth he has managed to build an impressive house for himself along with setting up a profitable business. Sikandar still has not forgotten Kaamna  from his childhood. She and her father have fallen on hard times, and Sikandar is anonymously supporting them. Eventually he gets up the nerve to try to talk to Kaamna, but she still believes that he betrayed her family, and she snubs him. Sikandar is upset by the refusal and becomes a heavy drinker. He also visits Zohra Begam\'s  kotha on a regular basis. One night in the bar Sikandar meets up with Advocate Vishal  and a friendship is formed between them when Vishal risks his own life to save Sikandar from a bomb blast. Sikandar introduces Vishal to Ramnath and the two begin to work together. Zora Begam eventually falls in love with Sikandar, and this in turn angers Dilawar  a hard core criminal who loves Zohra and will kill any one who lays an eye on her. Upon finding that Sikandar is frequently visiting Zohra, Dilawar confronts Sikandar and in the ensuing fight is thrashed by him. He swears to kill Sikandar. Kaamna discovers Sikandar\'s kindness to her family and goes to thank him. Encouraged, Sikandar tries to profess his love to Kaamna through a love letter. Because Sikandar himself is illiterate, Vishal transcribes the letter for him, but the plan backfires when Kaamna mistakes the letter as actually being from Vishal. Vishal, unaware that Kaamna is the girl Sikandar loves, reciprocates her love, and the two begin to date. Sikandar, upon learning this, struggles with his emotions but decides he must sacrifice his love for the sake of his friendship with Vishal. Vishal and Kaamna plan to marry. Sikandar\'s visits to Zohra Begum have hampered his reputation, and his sister Mehroo\'s upcoming marriage is at risk of being cancelled because of this habit. Vishal then visits Zohra and offers to pay her for the rest of his life if she will leave Sikandar alone. Zohra, upon learning the reason, promises Vishal that she would sooner die than let Sikandar visit her again. Later, Sikandar arrives at Zohra\'s and she refuses to let him in. Sikandar demands entry, and when Zohra is unable to stop him she kills herself by swallowing a diamond, and dies in his arms. Dilawar in the meanwhile has formed an alliance with Sikandar\'s arch enemy, JD, and upon learning of Zohra\'s death hatches a plan to destroy Sikandar and his family. Kaamna and Mehroo are both preparing for their weddings; JD and his henchmen kidnap Sikandar\'s sister Mehroo but Vishal follows them and rescues her. Dilawar kidnaps Kaamna, but Sikandar follows him. He rescues Kaamna and sends her home while he battles Dilawar. In the final battle both Dilawar and Sikandar are mortally wounded, and Sikandar tells Dilawar that he never loved Zohra. A dying Sikandar reaches the wedding of Kaamna and Vishal. Just as the wedding ceremony is completed, Sikandar collapses. His dying words inadvertently reveal his love for Kaamna, and Vishal sings him his favourite song, "Life is going to betray you someday...Death is your true love as it\'ll take you along..." Sikandar\'s entire life flashes before him and he dies in Vishal\'s arms just as the song is completed.'] ["Vinod Kumar is an upright and honest man who runs a newspaper named Mashaal. Vinod exposes the ills in the society with help of his paper. Vinod's wife Sudha sees a vagabond named Raja and tries to instill some good ways in him. Vinod is sceptical about this, but Raja comes to regard Sudha as maternal figure. Finally, Vinod decides to help Raja by sending latter to complete his education and become a journalist. Meanwhile, Vinod finds that S.K. Vardhan, a respected man in the society, is behind many malpractices. Vinod starts exposing S.K's illicit business. In retaliation, S.K. tries to buy his silence. When Vinod decides to stand up to S.K., latter has him thrown out of his house by his landlord. Vinod's newspaper office, which used to be in the house, is destroyed. Sudha, who is ailing, dies on the road, leaving Vinod distraught. An disillusioned Vinod realizes that S.K. will always trump him, since people too support him. Instead of trying to expose S.K., Vinod now decides to follow S.K's footsteps. Vinod starts producing illicit liquor and doing other businesses. In short time, Vinod becomes a rich man. All this time, Raja is unaware of the developments. The only other person knowing the truth is Geeta, Raja's ladylove and another journalist. Vinod's business now stands as a threat to Vardhan's empire. Now, Raja returns after completing his education. He meets Vinod and is surprised to see that latter's lifestyle has changed, but doesn't know the truth. Raja starts working for Dinesh, another journalist. He meets Munna, an old friend, from whom he learns that a new crime lord has started making new businesses. Raja decides to expose this criminal, who unknown to him, is Vinod himself. Vinod is disturbed to learn that Raja is trying to dismantle his empire, but does not stop him. One day, however, Raja learns about Vinod's truth and confronts him. Vinod accepts the truth and tells him what happened. After pondering deeply, Raja decides that he will do what Vinod taught him, even if this means exposing his own mentor. Raja confesses to Vinod that he is still his mentor, upon which Vinod gives him his blessings. Here, Vinod and S.K's enmity reaches a head when Raja starts writing about both. Finally, S.K kidnaps Raja and threatens him. Vinod enters and saves Raja, before fighting with S.K. Vinod kills S.K by throwing him in printing press wheels. Keshav, a henchman of S.K, tries to shoot Raja, but Vinod comes in between and gets fatally shot. Keshav is arrested, while Vinod dies in Raja's arms, happy and finally content."] ["Ranjit Rai  and Harbanslal  are two wealthy business magnates who absolutely despise poor people. They think poor people are like insects who spread germs and disease and contaminate the earth with filthiness. They decide their children, Ajay  and Madhu , would marry wealthy spouses because they hate poor people. They also try to break their children's friendship with Raja  and Kajal  who are poor. One day Ajay spots Kajal and crashes into Madhu's car, creating chaos between Raja and Madhu. Ajay and Kajal fall in love and meet up in Ooty, where Ajay was supposed to go to see Madhu. Raja decides to go to Ooty too as he wanted to tease Madhu over there. There, Madhu put Raja and Ajay in a car with no brakes and Raja decided to get revenge by scaring Madhu into thinking they were dead and their ghosts were going to kill her. This upsets Madhu and she slaps Raja. An angry Raja decides to go back home but Madhu stops him and they kiss each other, eventually falling in love. The next day, their fathers are waiting for Madhu and Ajay . However, they find Ajay with Kajal and Madhu with Raja. This angers them and they try very hard to separate the couples. They try to bribe them and when that doesn't work they try to kill Kajal and Raja. They even deceivingly get Ajay and Madhu to sign a marriage certificate which indicates that they are lawfully married to each other. When the children realize what their fathers really did, they refuse to back down. Eventually, the parents play a nasty trick. They trick the lovers into believing that they have changed their ways and are ready for their children to get married to their lovers as they had wished. But at their engagement ceremony, the fathers show pictures of Raja and Kajal acting very intimate with each other. Raja and Kajal are willing to prove their innocence, but the fathers are determined to keep them away. To make matters worse, Kajal's uncle falsely testifies to the fabricated illicit affair between Raja and Kajal and says that she has also aborted his baby twice. In fact, Kajal's uncle was paid to lie in front of Ajay and Madhu. Ajay and Madhu break up with Kajal and Raja, thus their fathers' plan to separate the lovers and create a rift between Ajay and Raja succeeds. The situation worsens further when Ajay and Madhu think that Kajal is pregnant with Raja's child again as they saw them walking out of a maternity hospital. They go to Raja's house where they see Kajal lying on a bed and sarcastically tell her congrats about her pregnancy. They also tell Raja and Kajal that they are getting married. After hearing about this, Kajal tries to kill herself. But Raja stops her. He then goes to punish those people who caused them misery and ill-fate. He tries to rape Madhu, but Ajay stops him and the police come along with Ajay and Madhu's fathers and arrest him. The police beat Raja brutally and Kajal goes to plead for him to be released from jail. The fathers agree to let him go but on a condition that Kajal and Raja must leave the country for good. Kajal agrees to do so and Raja is set free. Raja refuses to leave the country but Kajal eventually convinces him to do so. Ajay and Madhu's wedding is about to start when Ajay's uncle suddenly shuts the light and shows them pictures which prove that Raja and Kajal are in fact innocent and that the fathers played the dirty trick in order to separate the lovers and get their children to marry each other. Kajal's uncle also testifies that he was paid by the fathers to lie about Raja and Kajal. Ajay tries to kill his father but his conscience stops him. He then tries to kill himself but Madhu stops him. She tells him that this is not the time to repent for their mistakes. This is the time to ask for forgiveness from Raja and Kajal. Ajay's uncle tells them that they should hurry because Raja and Kajal are about to leave the country. Ajay and Madhu rush to the shipyard but the crewman stops them. Ajay pleads his case to the crewman and the crewman agrees to let him go. Fortunately, Ajay and Madhu succeed to stop Raja and Kajal just in time and they ask for forgiveness. Raja and Kajal forgive them and they get back together. Then the fathers show up and ask for forgiveness. The lovers forgive them as they realize that this time indeed the fathers have realized their mistake and the film ends on a happy note."] ['The Terrorist focuses on a young 19 year old women named Malli, who joined a terrorist organization at a very young age after her brother was killed in the cause. She eventually volunteers herself to become a suicide bomber in an assassination mission. As the plot moves forward, she discovers the importance of human life, after realizing she is pregnant. This causes Malli to question her determination to complete the mission.'] ["The film begins with Captain Jacob Stephan Chacko, popularly known as Anakkattil Chackochi  along with his friend Karimbanal Sunny  going to Pollachi to meet Andupetti Veerapandi Thevar deal a spirit business. Thevar, though initially differs to negotiate, later after knowing that Chackochi is the son of Eappachan, his old friend agrees to help them. On way back to Kerala, they are stopped at check post by John Maruthnayagam, the police officer, who happened to be the colleague of Chackochi in army. Back at home, Anakattil Eappachan , his father is a famous liquor baron, who holds almost a monopoly over spirit business over Central and South Kerala. Eappachan is always at loggerheads with Kadayadi group, his business rivals. Popularly known as Kadayadi siblings - Kadayadi Raghavan , Kadayadi Thambiand Kadayadi Baby  enjoys a partnership with Kunnel Mathachan  and his son Kunnel Outha  in their business. Eappachan, who hails from a poor background has emerged in to such a position with his hard work and struggle and he had never forgotten his roots. But time to time, he had to clash with Kadayadi and Kunnel group over business. On the other side Chackochi is enjoying his life as a planter in the company of his buddies Hussein([[Siddique  and Oommachan . He also shares a passionate relation with Gowriparvathi ([[Kausalya , the RDO  and of royal lineage. In an attempt to regain the past glory in business, Kadayadi and Kunnel clans join with excise minister Balakrishnan  and Eappachan' lieutenant Kattithara Paappi  and kills Eappachan one day. Chackochi is now forced to take charge of the business an had to face several problems from both police and rivals. Jayasimhan , the police officer, who is investigating the murder of Eappachan is also a part of the Kadayadi syndicate, which makes Chackochi to investigate the case himself. The police presents a local criminal Keeri Vasu as the murderer of Eppachan, who, with the lack of evidence is granted bail at court. Chackochi is not ready to buy this argument and smells the hands of the Kadayadi and Kunnel families in it. He also decides to give up the liquor business by handing over the entire power to his employees which shocks his enemies and friends alike. Karimbanal Sunny, his close buddy and budding politician, who was aiming Chackochi's business empire joins with Kadayadi group a day before the auction of spirit. He sinisterly sell out Hussein, who is now under the custody of the Kadayadis. Hussein is beaten up brutally, but he never reveals the business secrets of Chackochi. Within short time Chackochi reaches to save Hussein, but is shocked to see Sunny among his enemies. In the following fight, Sunny gets killed. Chackochi kills Kadayadi Raghavan, Thampi, Baby and Kunnel Outha and successfully saves Hussein and Gowriparvathi."] ["Guddu and Charlie  are identical twins who have grown up in the streets of Mumbai. Both brothers have a speech impediment – Charlie has a lisp, while Guddu stutters in his speech. The film begins in medias res with a voice over narration by Charlie, who describes how he and his brother could never meet eye to eye, and Charlie's belief in taking shortcuts to fulfill his dream – to become a bookie at a horse racing course, where he currently works for three Bengali goon brothers in fixing races. He is especially close with the youngest of the three brothers, Mikhail , whom he considers to be even closer than his own biological brother. Charlie however, gets done in his quest to hit the big time when he bets Rs. 100,000 on a horse during a fixed race, only to be double-crossed by the jockey, losing all his savings in the process. He hunts down the jockey to an upscale hotel in the city and is craving to get his revenge. He refuses to heed his boss' orders to leave the hotel after delivering information of the jockey's whereabouts, and instead goes after the jockey himself. In a different room at the same hotel, two corrupt cop brothers – Lobo and Lele – kill three drug dealers and collect a guitar case containing Rs. 10 Crore worth of cocaine, to be delivered to drug lord Tashi . Charlie and his aide invade the jockey's hotel room, and start seizing his belongings and beating him up to make up for Charlie's lost money when the jockey's aide returns to hand him a gun, which sparks a gunfight and foot-chase that lasts all the way to the parking lot, where the two cops are now placing a guitar case in their van. Charlie and both of his aides seize the van in order to escape from the jockey's men, and soon realize that they have stolen a police vehicle. Charlie drives it to a remote location where he discovers the guitar case contains cocaine. Thinking of this as the shortcut that will lead to his dreams, he steals the guitar case, after an initial hesitation. The cops track down the van but discover that the guitar case is missing so they try to track Charlie down. Meanwhile, the happy, carefree life of young lovers Guddu and Sweety  comes to a halt when Sweety reveals that she is pregnant with Guddu's child. She also reveals that she is the sister of crooked mob politician Sunil Bhope, and must get married to Guddu immediately. Guddu reluctantly agrees and they are married later that night. Bhope gets wind of his sister's actions and sends his cronies to apprehend the lovers. Bhope's men crash the wedding celebrations and after beating up Guddu, they realize that he is a migrant to Mumbai from Uttar Pradesh. This enrages Bhope, whose political party supports Maharashtra for Marathis, and Bhope orders his men to kill Guddu and bring Sweety back to his house so he can arrange a marriage for her. Sweety however, fights off her brother's gangsters and escapes with Guddu. Charlie informs Mikhail about the discovered drugs and both of them are overjoyed at the money they would earn from the deal, but when Charlie goes back in order to retrieve the case for Mikhail, Bhope and his men sit waiting inside, with Bhope looking for Charlie to reveal Guddu's whereabouts, as one of Bhope's footsoldiers had recognized Guddu as Charlie's twin brother. A drunk Mikhail interrupts their conversation, and for all the talk, he is murdered by Bhope, so as to convince Charlie that he means business. On the way to the airport, Guddu and Sweety have a nasty argument after Guddu realizes that Sweety had not only faked her identity, but also her own stammering in order to get close to Guddu. They briefly part, and after being spotted by the cops at a petrol bunk, Guddu is mistaken for Charlie and is arrested. He is assaulted by the cops who refuse to believe that he is Charlie's twin brother until Guddu's mobile rings. The call is from Charlie's number, where Bhope is on the line. The crooked cops and Bhope strike an exchange deal – Charlie in exchange for Guddu and Sweety. The deal is executed on a train. Guddu and Sweety are brought back to Bhope's house, where Bhope reveals that a local builder will pay him Rs.5 crores if he marries Sweety off to the builder's son, and he needs the money for the election. Guddu, remembering that the whole fracas is about the guitar case containing Rs. 10 crores worth of drugs, bargains with Bhope – Guddu will get Sweety if Guddu retrieves the guitar case for Bhope. Bhope sends Guddu and his men to retrieve the guitar case from Charlie's house. Charlie is assaulted by the two crooked cops who are desperate to find out about the guitar case, or else Tashi will be going after their heads. Realizing that they are in as much trouble as he himself is in, Charlie refuses to budge. However, in a freak accident, one of the cops accidentally shoots himself in the thigh, and Charlie uses the distraction to pick up a gun and make both cops his hostages. He makes a deal with Tashi – the guitar case for a payment of Rs.10 lakhs. He sends the injured cop and his aide to Tashi to deliver the details of the exchange, and heads back to his house to retrieve the guitar. Guddu arrives there with Bhope's men, totally unaware that Bhope has ordered his men to kill Guddu once the guitar case is obtained. Sweety hears about this double-cross and opens fire on the members of her household. When Guddu finally finds the guitar case he enters a fight with his brother in which they discuss the death of their father. Charlie lets Guddu go, and Guddu then goes to the police with the cocaine and is wired with electronic listening devices so the police can get evidence of Bhope's criminal acts. Guddu arrives at the Bhope residence about the same time as Tashi and his gang do too, with Charlie in their custody. Sunil Bhope and Tashi begin negotiating a trade for the drugs, but in a dramatic standoff, Charlie snatches the guitar case and threatens to destroy it if Guddu and Sweety aren't released. The two lovers escape just as the police arrive, leading to a melee of shooting in which the cocaine is all destroyed. Charlie's bosses show up looking for vengeance over the murder of their younger brother but are gunned down, along with Bhope and his men, Tashi and his gang. However, Charlie is also shot and wounded in the midst of the attack by one of the Africans. The film ends with Sweety giving birth to Guddu's twins and Charlie opening up his own bookie counter at the course, with his friend Mikhail's name. An elegant woman named Sophia, featured in Charlie's dream at the beginning of the movie, is now his fiancee and is wearing a diamond ring."] ["Om Prakash Makhija is a junior artiste in the 1970s Bollywood film industry. He and his friend Pappu are trying to succeed as leading actors. Om's mother, Bela Makhija, herself a junior artiste, inspires and encourages her son to succeed. He is in love with film actress Shanti Priya. One evening, Om views the premiere of Shanti's film Dreamy Girl, posing as Manoj Kumar. Later that night, Om becomes drunk and describes his vision of himself as a famous, wealthy film star to Pappu and some local children. While shooting of a film wherein Om is acting as a scene-extra, he notices Shanti trapped in the middle of a fire scene where the fire has escaped control. He saves her and they become friends. One day, he accidentally overhears the conversation between Shanti and Mukesh Mehra, a film producer. Om is brutally shocked to learn that Mukesh and Shanti had married secretly and that Shanti is about to have his baby. Mehra promises to do something. One night, Om notices Mukesh escorting Shanti to the set of their soon-to-be-made film Om Shanti Om. Inside, Mukesh tells Shanti that he will cancel the film, reveal their marriage to the public, and have a grand wedding on the spectacular set. Shanti is pleased, while Om returns back, happy for her. However, now it is revealed that Mukesh has no intentions of fulfilling his promise. He traps Shanti on the set and sets it on fire. Om sees the studio burning and attempts to rescue Shanti, but one of Mukesh's guards attack him, making him fall down from the hill. Om is hit by a car owned by Rajesh Kapoor, a well-known actor who is taking his wife to the hospital as she is in labour. Rajesh takes Om too, but Om succumbs to his injuries in the hospital itself. Moments later, a son is born to Lovely and Rajesh, who is named Om, and implied to be Om Prakash's reincarnation. The film then cuts to Om Kapoor's adulthood. Nicknamed O.K., he is a popular movie star and lives an extravagant, luxurious life that Om Prakash dreamt of. He experiences pyrophobia and it is shown through some scenes that he subconsciously inherits Om Prakash's memories. When making a speech of acceptance for an award, O.K. unexpectedly recalls the drunken speech that Om Prakash had made to Pappu, and delivers the same to the assembly who have awarded him. Pappu listens O.K.'s speech on television and is convinced that his friend has returned. At a celebration of his award, O.K. is introduced by his father to Mukesh Mehra, who has been producing films in Hollywood for the last twenty five years. Upon seeing him, O.K. recalls everything. He later reunites with Bela and Pappu and conspires to avenge Shanti's death by making Mukesh confess his sin. O.K. convinces Mukesh to restart shooting of Om Shanti Om. Pappu and O.K. start a hunt for a girl who can pass of as Shanti. The plan is to convince Mukesh that Shanti is haunting the set and scare him, so that he will confess. O.K. finds Sandhya aka Sandy, a complete doppelganger of Shanti. Sandy is accordingly trained and the plan is finally put into action. Throughout the film shooting, O.K. and his friends arrange incidents to remind Mukesh of his crime, mostly by giving him startling glimpses of Sandy. However, Mukesh decides to go back to Hollywood. Realizing that Mukesh might try to make a run for it, O.K. tells him that the music launch is going to take place that night. Mukesh reluctantly stays, while O.K. has to make it look real to Mukesh. However, O.K.'s plan hits a snag when Mukesh examines the film reels and notices that something is wrong. During the music launch of the film, O.K. taunts Mukesh by revealing, through song, the extent to which he knows the story of Shanti's death. Mukesh sees Sandy again, but this time he pursues her. Sandy bleeds after being scratched, thus confirming Mukesh's suspicions. Just as Mukesh is about to walk out, the chandelier nearly collapses on him. After some time, it is revealed that the chandelier didn't fall down fully. O.K. and Mukesh confront each other with their knowledge of each other's actions. An emboldened Mukesh tells O.K. that the charade is over. Mukesh also tells him that to prove that Shanti was murdered, her dead body has to be recovered. Here, Pappu who is listening the conversation from the studio, tries to run to the set, but gets stuck in the studio itself. Meanwhile, O.K. sees Sandy making an entrance on the stage and confronting Mukesh. O.K. tries to stop her, but she seemed to ignore him, revealing that Mukesh came back after the fire extinguished naturally that night. She also tells him that she was still alive when he found her, and buried her in the studio right under where the chandelier is facing now. Mukesh realizes that only Shanti could have known this and attacks her in panic. O.K. enters in a scuffle with him, resulting in a fire on the studio. O.K. somehow fights his pyrophobia and shoots Mukesh in his leg. Just as he is about to kill Mukesh, Sandy stops him. She tells him that Mukesh will pay, but not through his hands. She looks at the chandelier, dangling precariously. The chandelier falls on Mukesh, killing him instantly. At the same instant, the studio door opens forcefully. O.K. looks back to see Pappu, and Sandy. O.K. finally recognizes that the figure who challenged Mukesh is actually the real Shanti Priya's ghost. This also explains some supernatural incidents that O.K. and his friends had not set up. O.K. raises his hand to wave at the love of his past life; among the flames, Shanti smiles at him, with a tear at her eye. Sandy then goes to Om, apologizing. While Om hugs Sandy he looks at Shanti who goes up the stairs and disappears into the light and is gone forever. The ends credits come up as a film premiere."] ["Inspired by the incredible true story of Lucky Singh, an extremely charismatic and fearless confident man and thief who socialized with the rich, famous and influential of Delhi society and then proceeded to rob them blind. He was the bête noire of the police and had stolen millions by the time he was caught. A modern day Robin Hood with a twist, he robbed both the rich and the poor without prejudice. Nothing was too big nor was anything too insignificant to escape his attention. The film opens with his trial and charts his rise from the projects of crime ridden suburban Delhi to the very heart of the corridors of power. Along the way he makes lifelong friends, falls in love an manages to outwit the entire law and order machinery. Arrested by Special Crime Branch Inspector Devender Singh, Lovinder Singh reflects upon his life: his childhood, his father's second marriage, his siblings; his entry into crime and association with Gogi Arora; his romance with and subsequent marriage with the lovely Sonal; and his subsequent betrayal by his buddy and a business partner. Meanwhile the media speculates on how he got away with stealing 140 TV sets, 212 Video cassette recorders, 475 shirts, 90 music systems, 50 jewellery boxes, 2 dogs, and a greeting card - in a spree of burglaries that included households in Bangalore, Chandigarh, Mumbai, and other cities in India."] ['Sachein  is a carefree and happy go lucky guy college student, who comes across the beautiful Shalini  on college campus and falls in love with her but she doesn\'t love him. Arnold aka Ayyasamy  has repeated the same class every year for nine consecutive years. He claims this is because he wants to be grateful to his teachers and Santhanam . Also, Arnold and Santhanam love Shalini. Shaliini doesn\'t take kindly to Sachein\'s smitten behaviour. Sachein is able to befriend Shalini through presistance. Shalini grows fond of Sachein. Santhanam, jealous of Sachein\'s relationship with Shalini, writes graffiti on the school wall. The graffiti read "Sachein loves Shalini". Shalini confronts Sachein, and demands an explanation. Sachein pleas his innocence, and Shalini believes him. However, Sachein tells Shalini that even though he didn\'t write the graffiti, he really does love Shalini. Shalini bashes Sachein, telling him that he does not know the true meaning of love, and tells him she does not love him. The next day, Sachein meets Shalini and tells her that she will fall for him. Shalini takes on Sachein\'s bet and gives him a total of one month to try and make her fall in love. Shalini though is a good friend of Sachein until Manju  runs behind Sachein with skimpy costumes and makes Shalini go green with envy. Shalini\'s parents have arranged her wedding with an industrialist\'s son in Canada, yet Sachein pushes on. Days pass, and yet Sachein is not able to presuade Shalini. On the last day of their bet, Sachein decides to bid goodbye to Shalini and even apologies for running behind her so long. Shalini develops a soft corner for Sachein and decides to express her love to him until his dad  who is a multi millionaire comes to meet him. Shalini doesn\'t express her love because then he will think that she loves him only for the money. Sachein plans on leaving India, and goes to the airport. When Sachein was about to take the plane home Shalini expresses her love to him and they are united.'] ["Just after the election, K.G. Ramachandran , popularly known as KGR is elected as the new Chief Minister. A young Turk with a clean image, KGR overshadowed Kazhuthumuttam , another strong aspirant for CM's chair. Just after the meeting, Kazhuthumuttam joins with Eranjoly Aboobakkar  and Mathai Chacko Pappachan  at a hotel room, to plan out the next move. Vishwanathan, commonly referred as Vishwam , a high profile business tycoon and political lobbyist joins them at the hotel. Vishwam, the political sponsor of Kazhuthumuttam is now in deep trouble as he has several business ambitions in the state. Vishwam has collected several million rupees from several businessmen, whom he had also given promises. If KGR continues in power, his plans would be tarnished. KGR, on the other hand leads a simple life along with his wife Vatsala, a home maker. He brings out several revolutionary changes in the state, including dismissal of corrupt officers and changes in liquor policy of the state. Even Kaimal ([[Janardhanan , his party president finds him too arrogant to tame. The popularity of KGR is on sudden rise. It was then, Vishwan, decides to assassinate KGR. He puts out the plan in front of his friends, who also agrees. Vishwan contacts Muniyandi Thevar, a Malaysian based businessman and smuggler in Madras, who introduces him to a professional hit man . But after the payment of the amount is done, Kazhuthumuttam feels cheated as again, he has been denied the CM's post. Kazhuthumuttam, in a state of intoxication, calls up Gopu , a journalist and spits out the information that 'the Chief Minister will be assassinated shortly', but without committing his identity. Even though the caller does not give his name, the journalist identifies him as Kazhuthumuttam. He therefore passes the information to a friend of his, Perumal , a police officer . Perumal doesn't seem to take this serious at first, and since the identification of the voice of the caller by the journalist is not positive, they conclude it is a prank call. Still they convey the message to the higher officials. Th IG of Police, still not thoroughly convinced, orders a routine investigation into the matter. Perumal is assigned the case and he begins his investigation by arresting Vishwam. But Vishwam couldn't give them any further details as he was also unaware about the whereabouts or name of the killer, except that the killer has introduced himself as Gomes, a fake name. Perumal reaches Madras, from where, he arrests Thevar and brings him to Kerala. According to an eyewitness, Perumal issues a sketch of the killer and gets it broadcast on TV, but he skips from police miraculously. On the day of August 15, when the CM is checking the guard of honor, Perumal waits eagerly with all police facilities to grab the killer. While scanning the CCTV feeds, Perumal observes Gomes among the police in uniform, in the line for the guard of honour. . Perumal sprints from the Control room and shoots down Gomes, before he can hit the CM, thereby saving KGR. The final scene shows the burial of the assassin Gomes, where a deputy questions Perumal how he knew he was a Christian. Perumal replies that he doesn't and actually he is an unknown man , but he is paying respect to the assassin going by the last name he was known to Perumal, subtly implying that the assassin had earned some grudging respect from him, possibly for his determination."] [" This film is about the blind, in particular about the lives and feelings of blind children and the principal of their school. Sparsh refers to the sensation and feeling of touch upon which blind people rely in the absence of sight. The film opens with Anirudh Parmar  as the principal of Navjivan Andhvidyalay, a school for the blind that educates about 200 blind children. Anirudh has a dark and lonely existence for the most part. One day, while on his way to the doctor, he hears a lovely song and ends up, mesmerized, at the songstress' door instead of the doctor. The voice belongs to Kavita Prasad , a young woman recently widowed after 3 years of marriage. Kavita, too, prefers a secluded existence. Her childhood friend Manju  is about the only friend she has.  Manju throws a small party where Kavita and Anirudh meet again. He recognizes her from her voice. During the conversation, he mentions that the school is looking for volunteers to read to, sing to, teach handicrafts and spend time with the children. Kavita is reluctant but she is urged by Manju and her husband Suresh to strongly consider it. Kavita decides to volunteer. As Kavita spends more time at the school, she begins forming a friendship with Anirudh. The friendship grows stronger over time and they become engaged. But their personalities and feelings are different. Anirudh is of strong character: he firmly believes that the blind need help but not pity or charity.  Kavita, recently bereaved, looks to the school  as a way towards an ideal, one of sacrificial service. Anirudh gets wind of this, and assumes Kavita is simply seeking to fill the void in her life with this form of service. He assumes she accepted the proposal not out of love but as a sacrifice towards a way out of her dark life. During this time, Anirudh's fellow blind friend Dubey  laments that his recently deceased wife was not happy in the marriage either. Anirudh is shaken, confused and disturbed by all this. He breaks off the engagement . She accepts his decision. Yet Kavita, now a salaried employee of the school, continues to help the children. The initial coldness between her and Anirudh gives way to friction and eventually, over a series of events at the school, brings up the feelings they were not able to discuss before. The situation spirals downward and one of them must leave the school. The movie ends with Anirudh and Kavita being touched by the depth of their feelings for one another and finally seeing a way out."] ["Dashing Rahul Khanna  and tomboy Anjali Sharma  are best friends in St. Xavier's College, and are extremely close. The college principal, Mr. Malhotra's  daughter Tina  comes to St. Xavier's to finish her degree, and quickly becomes friends with Rahul and Anjali. When Anjali realizes that she is in love with Rahul, she is encouraged by her motherly housekeeper Rifat Bi  to tell him so. Instead, Anjali is left heartbroken when Rahul tells her he loves Tina. She decides to leave college and shares a tearful goodbye with Rahul, going away from Rahul and Tina's lives forever. Tina then realizes that she came between two best friends, two lovers. After college, Rahul marries Tina and, in a year of marriage, they give birth to a baby girl. Tina had complications in her pregnancy and has little time left so she writes eight letters to her daughter&nbsp;— one for each of her first eight birthdays, so that she will know her mother. Before dying, Tina asks Rahul to name their daughter Anjali in memory of Anjali Sharma. Eight years pass; Rahul is a single parent living with his daughter and loving mother . On her eighth birthday, little Anjali Khanna  reads the last and most important letter her mother left her, which tells the story of Anjali Sharma and how Anjali was always Rahul's true love. Anjali Khanna is given the mission of reuniting Rahul with Anjali Sharma and bringing back Rahul's lost love. Anjali Sharma is no longer the tomboy she was in college; she is now more feminine, and is engaged to Aman Mehra . However, she explains to her mother  that she does not really love him and is marrying him as a compromise as she feels she can never love again after losing Rahul. Anjali Khanna and her grandmother search for Anjali Sharma and soon learn that she is going to be working at a summer camp&nbsp;— they travel there, and Anjali Khanna meets her for the first time. That night, Anjali Sharma realizes she has met her best friend's daughter, and that Tina is dead. Rahul arrives at summer camp, where he and Anjali are surprised and delighted to see each other again, sharing an sweet reunion. Throughout the days spent at the camp, Rahul and Anjali feel themselves falling in love. However, Anjali remembers that she is engaged and feels guilty. Aman arrives and tells Rahul that he is Anjali's fiancee. Rahul is heartbroken but congratualtes Anjali. She takes this as him rejecting her again so she leaves summer camp and decides to get married to Aman as soon as possible. Rahul and his family arrive at Anjali's wedding, where Rahul silently confesses to Anjali that he loves her, and watches in tears as she is brought forth for the wedding. Realizing this, Anjali is hesitant to go on with the marriage, weeping. Aman notices the tears in her eyes and realizes that she has always been in love with Rahul. He releases Anjali from the engagement and tells her to marry Rahul. Rahul and Anjali have an emotional hug and as the two marry, the little Anjali has a vision of Tina smiling and giving her the thumbs up."] ["The story revolves around the relationship of a mother and her son, set in Kodaikanal. The movie commences with Rama Krishna  and his mother Saradha , a school teacher, lying in a pool of blood; The police find Raam is still alive and arrest him on charges of murdering his mother. Police inspector Umar ([[Rahman  works on the case. The story is narrated in flashback. Rama Krishna is an apparently mentally affected teenager , living dependent on his mother Saradha . His overcompulsive adoration for his mother lands her in various problems. Raam is provoked easily and tolerates little wrongdoing around him. Next door lives Karthika , daughter of a Police Sub-Inspector Malaichamy ([[Murali . She falls for Raam, but upon telling him how she feels, gets a blunt response from him. One day, Saradha is found brutally murdered. Umar, interrogating various personalities for the case, grills each and every person possibly connected to Raam and the teacher. Every possible motive that Raam might have for murdering his mother is explored. Furthermore Raam's neighbours, the sub-inspector Malaichamy and his children are summoned by Umar for interrogation, much to their irritation. The police eventually find out that it was Karthika's brother , who committed the murder, in fear that Saradha would tell his parents about his drug addiction habits. When Umar confronts him and forces him to surrender, Karthika's brother fatally wounds him and escapes, injuring his father in the process as well. He kidnaps Karthika and takes her to a desolate location. However, Raam, seeking vengeance as well as seeking to save Karthika, follows the killer to the hideout. A brutal fight occurs between the two, and at the end, Raam kills Karthika's brother. The film ends as the police find the hideout, while Raam is meditating on the dilapadated roof."] ["Allegedly based on a true incident reported on page 7 of a local newspaper, the film was a scathing satire on the corruption in the judicial system and the victimization of the underprivileged by the able and the powerful.a study of Aakrosh at filmreference Aakrosh forms a part of the series of works, based around explorations in violence, written by noted playwright Vijay Tendulkar, who had earlier written Shyam Benegal's Nishant  and went to write Govind Nihalani's next surprise breakaway hit, Ardh Satya . Here the victim is shown so traumatized by excessive oppression and violation of his humanity, that he does not utter a single word almost for the length of the film and only bears a stunned look,Om Puri at freshnews though later he uses the same violence as a tool to express his own sense of violation and rage.Ashis Nandy on Violence in Vijay Tendulkar's works Basically, the story is of a peasant who is oppressed by landowners and his foremen while trying to eke out a living as a daily laborer. His comely wife, played by Smita Patil, is raped by the foreman who then has him arrested to hide his own crime. His wife commits suicide out of shame. The police bring him to the funeral grounds in manacles and shackles to complete the Last Rites of his dead wife by lighting the funeral pyre &mdash; which in the Hindu religion only the husband has the right to. Standing beside the burning funeral pyre, he sees the foreman looking at his pre-pubescent sister with lustful eyes. Divining the fate that is in store for her, he grabs an axe and chops off his sister's head to forestall her dire future as perpetual victim, as he sees it. Upon completion of this hapless act of a desperate and downtrodden man, he raises his face towards the skies and screams, and screams and screams &mdash; the second time that we hear his voice in the movie  &mdash; a device similar to Andrei Tarkovsky's showing of the icons in brilliant color at the end of his three-hour black-and-white film Andrei Rublev."] ['Manu Krishnan ([[Dileep  is a male nurse in a reputed hospital. He is the Son of Ratheesh Kumar, a film junior artist. He has a special relationship with Dr. Priya , but is also in love with Leena , the star contestant in the popular music reality show. Manu later in search of a job goes to an Agraharam to take care of a mentally ill patient and a girl from the Agraharam, Bhama  falls in love with him. Now the three girls want to marry Manu but none of their parents want to have Manu as son-in-law. The rest of the movie is about the trouble Manu has to take when the three meet and whom does he marry. He ends up with Dr. Priya.'] ['Murli Prasad Sharma, nicknamed "Munna Bhai"  is a bhai or gunda: a crime don in the Mumbai underworld. Given that his father had wished him to be a medical doctor, he creates the faux Sri Hari Prasad Sharma Charitable Hospital  and pretends to live in accordance with this wish whenever his father  and mother  visit him in Mumbai. One year, however, Munna\'s plan goes awry when his father meets an old acquaintance, Dr. Asthana  and the two older men decide to marry Munna to Asthana\'s daughter, Dr. Suman "Chinki" . At this point the truth about Munna is revealed. Asthana insults Munna\'s parents and calls them "fools" for being ignorant of Munna\'s real life. Munna\'s father and mother, aghast and later heartbroken, leave for their village. Munna, in grief and despair, decides that the only way to redeem himself and to gain revenge for the humiliation suffered by his father at the hands of the spiteful Ashthana is to become a doctor. He decides to go to a medical college to obtain an M.B.B.S. degree, the graduate medical degree in South Asia. With the help of his right-hand man Circuit and others, Munna "gains admission" to the Imperial Institute of Medical Sciences, where he again encounters Dr. Asthana, who is the dean. His success there becomes dependent upon the  help of faculty member Dr. Rustam Pavri .  While Munna Bhai\'s skills as a medical doctor are minimal, he transforms those around him with the "Jadoo Ki Jhappi"  &mdash; a method of comfort taught to Munna by his mother &mdash; and the compassion he shows towards those in need. Despite the school\'s emphasis on mechanical, Cartesian, impersonal, often bureaucratic relationships between doctors and patients, Munna constantly seeks to impose a more empathetic, almost holistic, regimen. To this end, he defies all convention by treating a brain-dead man called "Anand bhai" as if the man were able to perceive and understand normally; interacts on familiar but autocratic terms with patients; humiliates school bullies; effusively thanks a hitherto-underappreciated janitor; and encourages the patients themselves to make changes in their lives, so that they do not need drugs or surgery. Dr. Asthana, who perceives all this as symptoms of chaos, is unable to prevent it from expanding and gaining ground at his college. He becomes increasingly irrational, almost to the point of insanity. Repeatedly, this near-dementia is shown when he receives unwelcome tidings and he begins laughing in a way that implies that he has gone mad. This behavior is explained early on as an attempt to practice laughter therapy, an attempt that seems to have backfired &mdash; Asthana\'s laughing serves more to convey his anger than diffuse it. Meanwhile, his daughter becomes increasingly fond of Munna, who in his turn becomes unreservedly infatuated with her. Some comedy appears here, because Munna is unaware that Dr. Suman and his childhood friend "Chinki" are one and the same; an ignorance that Suman hilariously exploits. Asthana tries several times to expel Munna but is often thwarted by Munna\'s wit or the affection with which the others at the college regard Munna, having gained superior self-esteem by his methods. Eventually, Munna is shamed into leaving the college: His guilt for not being able to help a dying friend gets the better of him. In the moments immediately following Munna\'s departure, Anand miraculously awakens from his vegetative state; at this point Suman gives a heartfelt speech wherein she criticizes her father for having banished Munna, saying that to do so is to banish hope, compassion, love, and happiness, etc. from the college. Asthana eventually realizes his folly. Munna later marries Dr. Suman, learning for the first time that she is "Chinki". The medical college &mdash; under Rustam Pavri\'s management since Asthana\'s retirement &mdash; begins to imitate Munna\'s radical methods of treatment. Munna and Suman open a hospital in Munna\'s home village, where they implement Munna\'s ideas daily. This, in addition to the birth of their offspring, earns Munna the nickname "Munnabhai – M.B.B.S. - Miya Biwi Bachhon Samet" . Munna\'s parents reconcile with him. His sidekick Circuit marries and has a son, who is nicknamed "Short Circuit". As the film concludes, Anand, restored to normal mental health, narrates the story to children.'] ['Anand Narayan comes from a poor family, which consists of his wife, Gayetri, daughter, Kamla, and two sons Madhu and Govind. Through hard work, Anand starts on his way to success. He meets with Nekiram, who becomes his business partner, and also his samdhi  as his daughter is in love with Madhu. Both get married in a simple ceremony. After this marriage, both Nekiram, and Anand and his family work hard at preparing food in a small sweet shop. Lord Krishna then appears to Anand who asks the Lord for material success, After this meeting Anands Dhaba grows into a restaurant, then a larger fancier restaurant, finally a five star hotel. Now Anand and his family are all wealthy and live in a palatial home. Bhagwan Shri Krishna regularly visits him and asks about him and his family. Anand proudly takes all the credit, and asks Krishna to accompany him to see his success and his hotel. Bhagwan Krishna declines, but agrees do so later. Things don\'t go quite as well for Anand, when he finds out that lakiram has been cheating him. lakiram leaves the house, but Madhu accompanies him. Then Anand finds that Govind has been squandering money and time on women and alcohol; and to top his disappointment Kamla gets pregnant. When Bhagwan Krishna comes to visit Anand again, he admits that he is a failure, his health is poor, and his family are all strangers to him. Lord Krishna advises Anand that this is his life and he must learn from the Mahabharata, and that every life is a struggle, which is confused by relations and near and dear ones, and also by one\'s ego. Once the ego is removed, then only one can see clearly. But will Anand be able to understand and carry out what Lord Krishna is asking him to? Or will end up taking the blame, like he took the credit, upon himself? One song from this movie, "Pyar Ka Badla" written by lyricist Anand Bakshi and sung by Kishore Kumar aptly sums up Anand\'s situation.'] ['Uday , a criminal don, takes it upon himself to get his kindhearted sister, Sanjana  married, but he is unsuccessful since no one wants to be associated with a crime family. Dr. Ghunghroo  has also been trying to get his nephew, Rajiv , married but due to his condition—the alliance must be with a purely decent family—he is also unsuccessful. When Rajiv jumps into a burning building to save Sanjana, he is smitten by her. Uday and Majnu , Uday\'s brother, hatch a plan for an alliance with Dr. Ghunghroo. The plan works and Dr. Ghunghroo confirms the alliance, thinking that Uday is a very decent man. But when he is later told that Uday and Majnu are mobsters, he quickly takes his family and flees to Sun City, South Africa to escape. However, Majnu and Sanjana have come to Sun City as well. Rajiv meets Sanjana again and the two fall in love. Dr. Ghunghroo reconciles with Uday and Majnu and finally agrees to the alliance. Uday and Majnu invite a powerful don of the underworld, RDX  to the engagement. At the party, a girl named Ishika  arrives, claiming to be Rajiv\'s childhood betrothed. Ishika is actually a friend that Dr. Ghunghroo asked to come and try to break off the engagement. Ishika manages to do so, leaving Rajiv and Sanjana heartbroken. Dr. Ghunghroo reveals that he did this for Rajiv\'s mother, who had married into a crime family and was harassed and tortured, thus telling Dr. Ghunghroo to raise Rajiv away from crime when he was born. Dr. Ghunghroo decides he will agree to the marriage only if Uday and Majnu give up their life of crime. Rajiv and Sanjana do this by reawakening Uday\'s love for acting and encouraging Majnu to pursue his love for painting. With these things keeping them busy, Uday and Majnu have no time for crime anymore. Rajiv\'s actions anger RDX\'s son, Lucky, who attempts to shoot Rajiv. Sanjana gets hold of the gun and fires a shot that hits Lucky, causing him to go unconscious. RDX is informed of his son\'s death and comes to attend the cremation. However Lucky, who is still alive, escapes, trying to show his father that he\'s actually alive. RDX sets the pile of wood on fire, believing he is cremating his son\'s body. However Lucky, who had been hiding under the wood, jumps out upon realizing the wood is on fire, and the truth is revealed to RDX. Rajiv, Ghunghroo, his wife, Ishika, Uday, Majnu and Sanjana are captured by RDX and brought to a cabin set next to a cliff. The frightened group is forced to play "Hot Potato" with a globe—but the one who ends up with the globe must jump off the cliff. When Rajiv refuses to pass the globe to Sanjana, Lucky angrily yanks it out of his hands, just as the music stops. Now that his son has the globe, RDX figures the only way he can maintain his image is by killing everyone. Before he can, several government brokers sneak up and cut the footings of the cabin, causing the house to start falling over the cliff, with everyone trapped inside. However, the cabin is suspended by only one column. Hilarious chaos ensues as the group tries to balance the cabin together and keep it from falling off the cliff. Rajiv finds a rope and the group uses it to get back onto stable ground. But to everyone\'s shock, the floor broke and Lucky was hanging on the edge of the cabin. While Rajiv is trying to rescue him, Sanjana reveal the truth to everyone that she was the one who shooted Lucky, but Rajiv blamed himself so that Sanjana won\'t get in trouble. After Rajiv rescued Lucky, the cabin he is standing on fell off a cliff. Sanjana kept crying for him thinking he is dead. However, Rajiv survived the event and is reunited with Sanjana and his family. Lucky and RDX are grateful to Rajiv for saving their lives and RDX gives up his life of crime, allowing Rajiv and Sanjana to finally get married.'] ['Pati Patni Aur Tawaif is the Story of Vijay Saxena , a well-known Bollywood actor and his relationship with a prostitute, Gauri . The Third angle is played by Prince Kumar , a wealthy movie financier. Vijay Saxena is caught between Gauri and his wife Shanti .'] ["Lucky Kapoor  lives in Australia and has no interest in taking over his father's business in India. Saba Karim Khan  has a great interest in the property, but Mr. Kapoor has no interest in selling the business to Khan. So Khan has Mr. Kapoor killed, making it look like an accident. Jessica Periera , a childhood sweetheart of Lucky, has proof that Mr. Kapoor's death was not an accident--but she keeps it to herself. When Karim Khan meets with Lucky to renegotiate, he finds that Lucky is willing to sell--but he also discovers that Lucky bears a striking resemblance to Karim Khan's own dead son. Although Karim Khan will do anything to make Lucky heir to his own wealth and properties, Lucky is not willing to do so."] ["Abhay  and Vasundhara  are neighbors who are in love. Due to strong opposition from their parents, they decide to elope to Goa. Meanwhile, Chief Minister Arjun Patil  has his Deputy Chief Minister Praveen Deshpande  murdered, planning of which is audio-taped by his assistant Bihari. Bihari then decides to blackmail the Chief Minister , whose men eventually kill Bihari but not before he drops the tape in Abhay and Vasundhara's car. This leads to the couple being chased by CM's goons and Inspector Nagesh Rao , who wants to get hold of the tape in order to exhort money from the CM."] ['The story begins with a happy lower-middle-class family &mdash; Arun Verma  an 8-year-old boy, his sister Komal Verma  a 5-year-old girl, his mother  and his father  &mdash; living a peaceful life. Arun\'s parents teach their children through the famous title song "Zingadi Har Kadam Ek Nayi Jung Hai, Jeet Jayenge Hum, Jeet Jayenge Hum Tu Agar Sang Hai" which means that life is full of problems at every step and still we will overcome all these if we are together. Arun\'s father is trapped in a murder case. A famous criminal lawyer G.D. Thakral  proves him guilty, and he is sentenced to be hanged by the court. Pleas by Arun\'s mother fail to convince Thakral to be truthful and spare her husband. Thakral asks her to give evidence for his innocence, to which she sadly quotes "Jiske paas koi sabut, koi gavanh nahi hote kya we begunah nahin hote" . Takral was adamant to let her husband be hanged. He was hanged as per court\'s decision. His mother becomes mentally unstable from shock and is sent to a mental institution. Arun\'s house and all his property is auctioned off by the court. Arun and his sister are not offered help. He grows up with the seeds of revenge in his heart. He becomes a successful defense lawyer and keenly follows every case of Thakral so that some day he can stand up in court against the unbeaten Thakral and beat him. One day Geeta Mathur  comes to him and asks him to fight the case of her sister, Dr. Asha Mathur  who is accused of killing a patient on duty with her medicine, which she gave from her purse. Arun refuses saying that if she can produce even an iota of evidence of her sister being innocent he will fight for her. Geeta replies coincidentally the same sentence "Jiske paas koi sabut, koi gavanh nahi hote kya we begunah nahin hote." Arun is instantly reminded of his mother’s pleadings before Thakral. Geeta storms out of his office, but Arun is convinced to take the case. He meets Asha Mathur in police custody. He learns from her that on that fateful night she got a call from her ward assistant that her patient is in the ICU and needs her. She stops on the way , and she impatiently moves out of car her to ask the reason. Meanwhile somebody replaces the medicine bottle with the look-alike bottle of poison from her purse. On arrival in the hospital, she gives the liquid from that bottle to stabilize the patient. This resulted in the patient\'s death. It is shown that Asha Mathur\'s husband, Dr. Dinesh Mathur , had gone to meet Thakral and had asked him to fight his wife\'s case. Thakral says no claiming he is very busy at the moment but later tells his assistant that there is no way that this case could be won. Arun meets Dinesh Mathur and informs him that he will fight the case. He asked him about the nature of poison and for how long a person can sustain the poison; he learns that poison if might result in death within 2 to 15 minutes depending on the body resistance. The case begins with the prosecution lawyer recounting the events of that fateful day and telling that the medicine given to the patient was actually poison. Arun defends the case says that the patient did not die of this medicine. To prove himself right he drinks the medicine in court and refutes the claim. The court declares Geeta\'s sister not guilty. Just after the judgement Dr. Mathur rushes Arun to hospital. It is revealed that the medicine contained poison, and Arun is saved in the nick of time. Geeta calls him on a beach to appreciate his efforts and kindness at the canteen. They fall in love. Thakral\'s son Vikram Thakral , a spoilt brat, not knowing anything about Arun, passes bad comments at the couple and teases Geeta, which irritates the couple. Soon things take an ugly turn. He beats Vikram and his friends. Dr. Mathur wants to appreciate and compensate Arun for the risky effort he took to save his wife. He calls him for a get-together in his mansion. Dr. Mathur gives Arun a blank cheque. Arun rejects the offers politely and says he did for his self-satisfaction. He then finds the same piano with the sticker of Bhagwat Geeta of Krishna which his father used to play and was auctioned. His memories are refreshed again and with the emotional request he tells Dr. Mathur that this piano is very significant to him and asks for it. Dr. Mathur very happily gives the piano and asks him the reason for accepting this small fees. He tells the Mathur family his tragic story. He says that his mother was never seen after his father’s death, and he assumes that she is dead. Vikram plans to trap Arun\'s sister Komal and learns she studies in the same college. He tries to impress her by his charms, dancing skills, and ways of flattering people. The plan works. Komal falls for him and he convinces her to run away with him . At the planned moment, when one of Vikram\'s ex-girlfriends shows up and tells Komal of Vikram\'s evil intentions. In the ensuing argument, Vikram murders his girlfriend which is witnessed by the Dr. Mathur\'s family. The Mathurs arrive at Arun\'s house to narrate the incident. Mrs. Mathur sees a photo of his mother hanging in the wall. She immediately recognizes the face with the patient she is handling for mental disorders. Arun and his sister request them to take to her. In the mental hospital they see their mother. Her memories had stopped on the day of the incident; she feels that their children are eight and five, staying with father. Arun brings her mother to his house and tries to make her come back to normal; she resumes her memory on hearing the song "Zingadi Har Kadam..." Arun had been waiting for this moment to take revenge on Thakral. He steps in as the prosecutor against Thakral who is defending his son. The case moves to and fro and, in the end, Arun has the upper hand. Thakral kidnaps Arun\'s mother and attempts to blackmail him. Arun goes to save his mother and is beaten up by Thakral\'s goons. Even though severely injured, Arun fights back. In an attempt to shoot Arun, Thakral shoots his friend\'s son and is jailed. He is unsuccessful in saving his son, who is given a death sentence. Thakral becomes a mentally unstable person. Arun and his family are happy again and sing the famous "Zingadi Har Kadam Ek Nayi Jung Hai" song.'] ["Kamla  lives a poor lifestyle in a small town in Uttar Pradesh along with her widowed dad, Dinanath, who works as an accountant, and two younger brothers, Kumar and Kishore. Her father's biggest dream is to get Kamla married to her lover, a wealthy man named Prem , and ensure that Kumar and Kishore get properly educated. As Dinanath's eyesight becomes very weak, the quality of his work deteriorates and he loses his job. However, his employer, Laxmidas , promises to hire Dinanath's son Kumar once he completes his education. On the day of the results, Kumar tragically passes away in an accident. Devastated and desperate, Dinanath tries to commit suicide, but he is hospitalised. Later he recovers but loses his vision completely. Kamla's wedding is consequently cancelled, and Prem reluctantly gets married to a woman named Shyama. Kamla starts working and takes it upon herself to look after her dad and Kishore. Years pass by, Kishore  has grown up, graduates, gets a job and marries a young girl named Tara , who happens ro be the niece of Kashiram, Prem's friend. The family settles down to a fairly harmonious relationship which is shattered when Kishore and Tara accuse Kamla of stealing household items; following this incident, Kamla and her dad leave the house, and Kamla soon gets a job as a nurse for a sick Shyama, while her husband Prem is absent, without knowing that she is actually her ex-lover's wife."] ["The story focuses on Kishen , a well-to-do businessman, who is unhappily married to Mala . They have a grown-up son, Bunty , who does not want to get married because of the loveless relationship between his parents. Bunty's girlfriend, Tanya , keeps proposing to him but he always rejects. On their 35th anniversary, Kishen and Mala get in an argument because of her friend Kundan . Kundan had been in love with Mala for 30 years and still dislikes Kishen. This leads to a fight between Kishen and Kundan. After the fight, Tanya takes Bunty to her grandfather, Anthony Gonsalves , who happens to be a scientist and he is working on a time machine. Anthony asks Bunty why he refuses to get married. Bunty says that he is scared of marriage because his parents seem so unhappy with theirs. When Bunty returns home, Kishen and Mala are fighting again. But this time it goes too far and they decide to get a divorce. When Bunty hears this, he runs back to Anthony's lab to use the time machine and go back in time, so that he can make his parents fall in love. Without Anthony's supervision, Bunty enters the time machine and goes back to a time before his parents got married. He finds his grandfather's house, where he sees Kishen. Bunty realizes that the younger Kishen is a nerd. Then he sees the younger Mala and notices that she is attractive as well as spirited. Mala keeps making fun of Kishen. Bunty makes Kishen over into a 'cool dude' with the help of Mala's friend Mona . While helping them, Mona falls in love with Bunty. Bunty creates a plan to help Mala realize her love for Kishen. He tells Kishen to ignore Mala, while she is becoming friendlier towards him. The plan succeeds in awakening Mala's feelings and she realizes her love for Kishen. She tells Mona about her feelings. However, Kishen and Mala's parents are against love marriages and, therefore, do not accept their relationship. So the lovers, helped by Bunty, decide to elope. Kundan takes Mala's mother Bholi Devi  and servant Bhikhu , along with Kishen's father Rai Bahdur , to chase the love birds. At the end of the chase, Kishen slaps Kundan for his bad behavior. Their parents accept Kishen and Mala's relationship. Mona proposes to Bunty but he tells her that he loves another woman, who is waiting for him. Bunty then uses the time machine to return to the future. As expected, his parents are deeply in love with each other. But, unexpectedly, Mona and Kundan are also married to each other. Bunty then takes Tanya aside, proposes to her, and is accepted."] ["Paglu , Abhi  and Amrita 'Amu'  are best friends since childhood. Abhi's father  is a very rich businessman, and his only son has no interest in work. Abhi has had many girlfriends, but none of them loved him. Paglu and Abhi's father tells Amu to marry Abhi because they know each other very well. One day Abhi comes and tells Amu that he loves someone that is his childhood friend; Amu thinks that she is the girl whom Abhi loves and she, too, falls in love with him. Abhi later reveals that Kartika  is whom he loves.. Karthika is actually after his money. Amu is heartbroken. Amu and Paglu start hating her and try to get them separated. Abhi gets angry with them and decides to marry her in another country. At the airport Amu hits Kartika and she falls unconscious. Amu and Paglu kidnap Kartika and force her to write a letter to Abhi saying that she doesn't love him. Paglu tells Abhi that Amu is the right girl for her, and Abhi falls in love with her. Paglu, with Karthika still kidnapped, finds out that her name is Anjali, not Karthika. She is not in love with Abhi but with his money, and she has a history of cheating people. Paglu frees her and she tells Abhi about the kidnapping. Abhi is unhappy hearing this and decides to marry Karthika anyway. On the wedding day, Paglu tries to stop them from getting them married by bringing all the people she cheated; Abhi gets angry and tells Paglu and Amu to get out. The next day, Abhi comes back, apologizes to them and says that he isn't married. He tells them that yesterday when they left Anjali told him that she has learned a lot from the time Paglu and Amu kept her in captivity. She apologizes that she can't marry him and that Amu is the right girl for him. Abhi proposes to Amu. Later, Paglu ends up with the changed Anjali."] ['Akash "Akki" ([[John Abraham  and his wife Maya  are doctors. When malaria strikes India on the Burmese border, Maya rushes over to help, despite Akki\'s disapproval. Akash soon receives the news of her death caused by a bus crash. The bus crashed into water at heavy rains. Akash cannot accept Maya\'s passing away and believes strongly that she did not die. Akash himself has paranormal experiences where he feels that Maya\'s ghost is trying to communicate with him. He tries to communicate with her through the hospital patients who have suffered a near-death experience. Every patient draws a strange symbol, and one corpse starts talking to Akash when he is alone. Tanya , a close friend of Maya, tries to console Akash, because when her lover died in an accident it was Akash who treated her. Now, she believes it is her turn, and she believes he is hallucinating. With the help of a nun called Sister Martha and clues, Akash decides to go back to where it all began — the border. There, with the help of a guide, he tries to find out about Maya but it is not very successful, following which Akash jumps off a waterfall near the crash site and finds the sunken bus. He sees Maya\'s spirit beckoning him who shows him her accidents and incidents that follow. He goes to the nearby village tribe and asks if they saved Maya. They say she died, but they saved her soul. They take Akash inside and show him a surprise — though Maya died, while dying she gave birth to their daughter. Akash thus realises that Maya made him sure about trust because their baby survived among the tribe without any medical attention, despite being premature. He also realizes that Maya\'s ghost was trying to reach him so that he brings their daughter home. He takes their child home and lives happily ever after.'] ["The movie is a lesson on how to live life, taking up the lives of Hari  and Aarthi  who are deaf and mute. They meet, fall in love, get married, have a child who they bring up to be well educated and who gets married to a girl similar to his parents. All they have to help them is their hope, confidence and some kindness in the society along with Uncle Narayan who is blind. Tragedy strikes their lives as well when they lose their first child thanks to Kanu's greed. But they never give up hope on life and not in one instance during the entire movie do they think about ending it. They live life, fight it and succeed in it at a bigger scale than any normal person."] ["Srinivasan  escapes from jail and hitches a ride on a truck to meet his love Thulasi . He reveals his flashback to the lorry driver, telling him of the disputes between his ambitious father and himself. When the parents leave home for a week, Srinivasan is left in the maid's care. Soon, he meets the maid's daughter, Thulasi, his childhood playmate and they fall in love. As expected, his father objects to his son falling in love with the servant's daughter. One day, Srinivasan and his friends land up in prison for crashing their car on a police vehicle. While at the police station, Srinivasan locks horns with an inmate in jail and when he pushes him in a fit of rage, he sustains a serious head injury subsequently killing him. Eventually Srinivasan gets convicted for 10-year-rigorous imprisonment. His mother dies; Thulasi's family goes bankrupt and leaves to their native village in Ooty. A dejected Srinivasan escapes from prison to meet Thulasi. Whether the two join together forms the rest of the story."] ["Dil  is getting engaged to Abhay Thakur against he wish. Suddenly she feels pain in her heart and it is discovered she has a hole in her heart. Abhay's uncle who is from London decides to send Dil to London for her treatment. There she meets Jeet and after a few meetings, they fall in love with each other. Later during a party,where Dil and Jeet are, Abhay Thakur comes there and Abhay's uncle announces that Abhay and Dil are engaged. Jeet becomes heratbroken. Abhay takes Dil back to India and start getting ready for the wedding. Jeet's father says go to India and get my daughter-in-law. Jeet's father sends a letter with Jeet to give to a woman. The woman was Jeet's real mother and she gave her son to the couple that lives in London because Abhay's father had misunderstandings with her. Jeet finds out and he then introduces Dil to her. Abhay's father warns Jeet's real mother to tell her son to stay away from Dil as she is getting married to his son. Jeet still goes and meets Dil. On the day of the wedding Jeet and Dil run away to get married in a temple where Jeet's London parents are there too. Unfortunately, Abhay and his father reach there and stop the wedding. Later when the Thankur is about to shoot Jeet, Thakur's sister-in-law comes in front and clears out the misunderstanding between everyone. Everone there present watches Dil and Jeet get married."] ["The film is about a spoiled rich kid, Ajay ,who is a problem child and is sent away to a boarding school by his grandfather. The board school is run by Shekhar . Shekhar tries to instill good values in the students using unorthodox teaching methods. He gains the students' trust and educates them about the heritage of their country and encourages them to become model citizens. At the boarding school, Ajay continues his ways and gets into trouble all the time, including with Shekhar. Meanwhile, Ajay meets and befriends a crippled boy named Shakti  whose character is the opposite of Ajay. Shakti tries very hard to help Ajay change his ways, but Ajay's stubborn nature gets in the way. Finally one day, Ajay attempts to leave the hostel and Shakti finds out. Shakti tries to go after him and stop him but his handicap slows him down and his earnestness to get Ajay back causes him to lose track of the heavy traffic on the road. That is when Shakti is run over in a horrific accident. This was the triggering moment in Ajay, realizing that it was because of his stubbornness, Shakti died. This moves him to change and become a better person. He goes on to excel in academics and sports. Meanwhile, Shekhar's method of teaching wins approval by the education board in the end. He decides to leave the boarding school to spread his message elsewhere through his unorthodox but successful ways."] ["The film tells the story of Armaan Ali , a Muslim driver working in Mumbai, who takes a one month leave from his employer to find a groom for his daughter Muskaan , who lives in a village, distant from Hyderabad. Armaan does not turn up for three months, and his employer makes the difficult decision to sack him, but he asks his boss to listen to why he could not come. Getting soft, his employer allows him to drive to Pune where he has a meeting. Armaan starts the story from here. In Armaan's village, many problems include a rising drought situation and financial difficulties due to the antics of his twin brother, who has a bad reputation for debt addiction and theft. In the opening, a man named Arif demands 500 rupees from Armaan. Eventually, Muskaan pays the debt to Arif and Armaan's brother is arrested, later on released. To solve the drought problem, he goes to a government office to build a well, with a friend. There, he goes through stages such as explaining what he wants and even having his photo taken. Muskaan, on the other hand falls, in love with a man called Arif, of which Armaan does not approve at first but later is pleased with. Armaan does not receive the well he wanted and sits in despair. He and Muskaan try to tell the police inspector about the well that was 'stolen', but the inspector finds the story rather silly and is even stubborn enough to not listen to what they have to say. Disturbed, Armaan and Muskaan launch a protest with several villagers against the police inspector, later on to the justice minister, where the minister punishes the inspector for his slack behaviour. The inspector, realising his mistakes and behaviour, then starts to approach the people in a more orthodox way. The justice minister then allows the government people to build the well for the villagers and punishes them all for not doing what they are supposed to do. With the drought problem solved, Armaan decides that Muskaan should marry an Arab sheikh. Muskaan does not accept her father's offer and even has an argument about this. The issue is even more heated when she receives a letter from her friend, Sakina, which involved her getting beat up by her sheikh husband and getting kicked out, shocking Armaan and Sakina's mother. Disturbed, Armaan then decides that Muskaan should marry Arif, much to her delight. With the two of Armaan's problems solved, he ends his story at an awards ceremony, which in his perspective was a 'big drama', as the stage literally collapsed, delighting people. With his employer convinced, he then allows Armaan to work for him again."] ["Raja , a good for nothing trying to get rich, impersonates Parimal Chaturvedi, a school professor and involves into a school of beautiful rich woman. He falls for rich girl Pooja . Then he wins her heart. Trouble comes when Pooja's dad Prakash  mistakes Raja for Rocky , who is a lookalike of Raja and is a ruthless and merciless criminal who blackmails people for money or threatens to kill them. Prakash is also on Rocky's payroll. Prakash asks Raja for help, so Raja impersonates Rocky to get his secrets and Prakash's money. But tables are turned when Rocky finds out about Raja. When Raja wakes up finds himself to be in Rocky's mansion, he escapes. Rocky now plans to marry Pooja posing as Raja. Meanwhile, Rocky kidnaps his girlfriend, with whose help he was conning Prakash and hides her somewhere safe so she can not tell anybody about his plan. As Rocky and Pooja are about to get married, Raja crashes the wedding where Rocky's girlfriend tells the truth before dying. Rocky drives to a multi-story building, where Raja follows him into and they start fighting. Raja pushes Rocky off the building, and he dies. Raja and Pooja then get married."] ["Chutki  is an enormous fan of Bollywood film star Madhuri Dixit and pines for the chance to follow in her idol's footsteps. As she makes her wishes known to her parents, she learns that her parents have other plans for her that include an arranged marriage. Fortunately, Chutki's best friend Raja  shares her dreams and offers to marry her so that the two can work together on Chutki's acting career. Just as soon as the two small-town innocents arrive in Mumbai, they learn some serious lessons about the hardships of the profession, as well as discover the numerous wannabes that are in direct competition with Chutki."] ["Sangeeta  is a young, strong and idealistic girl. She is 25 years old, but unlike her contemporaries, she is still not married. The reason for this is her being a member of a poor family. Her father left the family; Her mother is an old homemaker; Her elder sister is a young widow; Her nephews have to go to school while their father, Her brother is an inebriated and unemployed man. All the members of this family live in one little house. She is the only one who takes care of them. She is the only one who works to support the family. She is concerned for her nephews' future and makes her best to bring them up and educate them. However, secretly, she dreams of the day when she could also have her own family, husband and children. Will this day come ever?"] ["Ishaan Nandkishore Awasthi  is an eight-year-old boy who dislikes school and fails every test or exam. He finds all subjects difficult, and is belittled by his teachers and classmates. But Ishaan's internal world is rich with wonders that he is unable to convey to others, magical lands filled with colour and animated animals. He is an artist whose talent is unrecognised. Ishaan's father, Nandkishore Awasthi , is a successful executive who expects his children to excel. His mother, housewife Maya Awasthi , is frustrated by her inability to educate her son. Ishaan's elder brother, Yohaan , is an exemplary scholar and athlete, which Ishaan is frequently reminded of. After receiving a particularly poor academic report, Ishaan's parents send him to a boarding school. There he sinks into a state of fear and depression, despite being befriended by Rajan , physically disabled and one of the top students in his class. Ishaan's situation changes when a new art teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh , joins the school's faculty. An instructor at the Tulips School for young children with developmental disabilities, Nikumbh's teaching style is markedly different from that of his strict predecessor, and he quickly observes that Ishaan is unhappy and contributes little to class activities. He reviews Ishaan's work and concludes that his academic shortcomings are indicative of dyslexia. On his day off, Nikumbh visits Ishaan's parents and asks if he can see more of their son's work. He is stunned by the sophistication of one of Ishaan's paintings, and tells his parents that Ishaan is a bright child who processes information differently from other children in his class, but Ishaan's father is suspicious that the explanation is simply an excuse for his son's poor performance. Nikumbh demands that he read some Japanese text on a box and berates him when he cannot, giving him a glimpse into Ishaan's experience of school. Nikumbh describes dyslexia to them and explains that it is not a sign of low intelligence. He tells them he can provide extra tutoring that will help Ishaan, highlighting the boy's artistic ability evident in his many paintings and other creative works. Nikumbh subsequently brings up the topic of dyslexia in class, and offers a list of famous people who are considered dyslexic. As the students are leaving the classroom, Nikumbh asks Ishaan to remain behind and reveals to him that he too experienced the same difficulties with dyslexia. Nikumbh then visits the school's principal and obtains his permission to become Ishaan's tutor. He attempts to improve Ishaan's reading and writing by using remedial techniques developed by dyslexia specialists; Ishaan soon develops an interest in language and mathematics, and his grades improve. Towards the end of the school year Nikumbh organises an art fair for the staff and students. The competition is judged by artist Lalita Lajmi. Ishaan, with his strikingly creative style, is declared the winner and Nikumbh, who paints Ishaan's portrait, the runner-up. The principal announces that Nikumbh has been hired as the school's permanent art teacher. When Ishaan's parents meet his teachers on the last day of school they are left speechless by the transformation they see in him. Overcome with emotion, Ishaan's father thanks Nikumbh. As Ishaan is getting into the car to leave with his parents, he turns around and runs toward Nikumbh. The film ends with a freeze frame shot of Nikumbh tossing Ishaan into the air."] ["It is the story of rebirth of millionaire child Deepak Rai who accidentally shoots his friend, Suraj Prakash  at the age of 10 and believing him to be dead, runs away from home. 14 years later, Deepak discovers that Suraj Prakash is not dead and decides to go back home with friend Kewal Sharma. On discovering that Deepak is a millionnaire, Kewal Sharma kills Deepak on the train journey to Deepak's home city  and starts living Deepak's life. Meanwhile, the real Deepak Rai  is reborn as Rekha's  brother. 5 years later, Kewal Sharma marries Rekha, who is Suraj Prakash's girlfriend. On discovering that Rekha's husband is a drunkard and a womaniser, Rekha's father dies of a heart attack and Rekha's brother  comes to stay in Deepak Rai's house. Doby, aged 5 by now, knows all about the house and the estate, although he has never been there before in his present life. Suraj Prakash and friend, Inspector Darshan  figure out the mystery behind Doby's familiarity of the place and decide to collect enough evidence against Kewal Sharma to prove him guilty of his crime of murder and deceit. The movie has whatever a Hindi movie of 1970s needed to have - good and glamorous actors, good locations and songs, a totally corrupt villain, a suffering woman, some thrill and a happy ending. Although the movie is a good entertainer, The story is really good and main theme is well scripted but due to poor editing could not make its required impact over viewers."] ["Aks is a supernatural thriller centering on two characters &mdash; Manu Verma, the cop, and Raghavan, the shadowy killer. Raghavan is caught and, as he is about to be executed by hanging, his spirit goes into Manu Verma's body and starts to manipulate the cop into performing acts that Raghavan wanted to perform. But he couldnt save himself. He goes to another town but is not able to find peace."] ["Pratap meets a young woman named Varuna. He falls in love with her and soon they get married. He later finds Varuna at midnight in a night-club, where she sings, dances and gets drunk. When he demands an explanation from Varuna's part, she denies ever doing such things. Then Pratap meets a young man - Dilip, who claims to be Varuna's lover, and states that she is actually his girlfriend Peggy. It later reveals that Varuna has a multiple personality disorder."] ["Although Karan and Kishan have been friends for years, they have grown apart and have little in common. The widower Karan is a poor mechanic who lives in a humble house in the countryside. Kishan is a rich man with a vast business empire and little time for old friends. However, when Karan prepares to work abroad and earn more money, he turns to Kishan to solve a problem. Will Kishan let Karan's daughter Suman  stay at his house? Kishan cannot turn down his old friend's request and Suman comes to live with his family. At first, country girl Suman is ill at ease in the huge mansion. She is befriended by Kishan's son Prem , who assures her that he has no romantic interest in her and that a boy and a girl can be platonic friends. The pair share outings and confidences and all seems to be going well. Then Prem takes Suman to a party, organized by some of his rich friends. They humiliate Suman and accuse her of scheming to marry Prem. Suman leaves in tears and distances herself from Prem. At that point, Prem suddenly realizes that he has fallen in love with her. With the aid of his mother  and his comic friend Manohar, Prem sets out to win Suman's heart. He succeeds, but Kishan balks at the romance, as he does not want his son to marry a poor nobody. He prepares to send Suman home in disgrace. At this unfortunate moment, Karan returns from overseas. Kishan accuses him of plotting to match Prem and Suman. Karan and Kishan quarrel, and Karan and Suman return to their village humiliated. Prem refuses to accept the separation. He defies his father and is disinherited. He goes to Suman's village and begs to be allowed to marry her. Karan, angered by Kishan's accusations, says that he will allow the marriage on one condition: Prem must prove that he can support his wife by his own efforts. Prem then works as a truck driver and laborer in the nearby quarry. At the end of the month, when Prem is ready with the required money and comes to win over his lady's father, he is ambushed by his enemies. They nearly succeed in killing him, but he survives. Karan harshly dismisses Prem's efforts, but his stoic determination melts Karan's heart, and he agrees to let Suman marry Prem. By the end of the movie, the estrangement between Karan and Kishan has ended, too. Prem and Suman live happily ever after."] ["This is the story of three couples. First couple is that of Tripathi  and his wife Mary. Second one is that of Geeta  and romeo Vinod  while the jealous and possessive Shobha  and Vicky Kapoor  forms the third one. The first couple is happily married one. The second couple stays with Vinod's mother . Vinod spends lot of time with Leena  and attending late night parties while Geeta patiently awaits husband every night. Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha , assumes they have an affair and pesters Vicky about it. When Vicky defers her, she leaves him. On the other hand Vinod decides to leave house. At this juncture, Tripathi steps in to mend the two couples. The events that follow is a hilarious sequence. Whether Tripathi is successful in mending these couples forms the rest of the story."] ["The story opens in the island village of Mandwa. A school teacher, Dinanath Chauhan ; highly respected by the villagers tries to dissuade them from giving away their lands on lease to Kancha Cheena , the son of the village head who plans to start a drug mafia. Knowing this, Kancha decides to get rid of the school teacher. He ambushes and murders a young girl inside the school, framing Chauhan for the murder. With the support of the villagers, Kancha then kills Chauhan by hanging him to death from a tree which is witnessed by young Vijay Chauhan , the son of the teacher. Vijay Chauhan along with his pregnant mother Suhasini Chauhan  leave the village. Destitute, they find shelter in the city of Mumbai but Vijay harbors intentions to go back to Mandwa and kill Kancha. While in Mumbai, Vijay's mother delivers a baby girl named Shiksha. Vijay is attracted to Rauf Lala , a local girl-trafficker and importantly an enemy of Kancha and wants to get into his company. He earns his favor and joins his gang. Meanwhile, his mother along with his baby sister leave Vijay's side as he resorts to violence. A grown-up Vijay  now works for Rauf Lala and finds himself as his trusted wing-man. Once inspector and now commissioner, Gaitonde  acts as a silent guardian for Vijay and tries to eliminate crime in Mumbai. During the time when Rauf's influence over the drug business in Mumbai is falling, Kancha decides to grow his influence as a drug lord in the city and sends his aid, Shantaram  over to Mumbai for the process. Vijay with the help of the commissioner disrupts this plan and is lauded by Lala. He further gains the trust of Lala by taking a bullet shot which was aimed for Lala's son, Mazhar ; but is later revealed as a conspiracy involving Vijay and Shantaram to eliminate Mazhar. After murdering both Mazhar and Shantaram, Vijay brings Mazhar's corpse to Lala, who falls sick and is admitted into a hospital. In the meantime, Vijay takes over Lala's empire and stops all the crimes committed by Lala's gang. He is then contacted by Kancha and offers to go to Mandwa for a business agreement. While in Mandwa, Vijay tries to strike a deal with Kancha to hand over the drug business in Mumbai over to Kancha and in return taking Mandwa. Though Kancha initially suspects this deal, he later agrees on the condition that Gaitonde must be killed. Meanwhile back in Mumbai, Lala regains health and finds out the truth behind Mazhar's death. He gets hold of Vijay's sister Shiksha  and tries to sell her off. Vijay is notified of this by Kancha and he flees back to Mumbai and kills Lala. Soon after, Kancha sends a man to assassinate Gaitonde. This man identifies Vijay to be the son of the teacher killed by Kancha and reports this to Kancha. However, while he tries to assassinate Gaitonde, he is killed by Vijay. Vijay, meanwhile marries his love interest Kaali Gawde , who is killed right after during a shooting spree by Kancha's men. Vijay leaves for Mandwa to avenge the death of his father and his wife and after an intense battle with Kancha, kills him by hanging him from the same tree in which his father was hanged. However, Vijay succumbs to his injuries and breaths his last in the hands of his mother, who forgives him of his sins."] ["Kajal  is the daughter of Prof. Sidhant Sharma . Karan  is a criminal working for Gajraj Chaudhry  who falls in love with Kajal and follows her everywhere. Initially she dislikes him. But gradually they fall in love and Karan leaves the world of crime to return to a normal life. Rajeev aka Raju  comes back from America and is to be married to Kajal. Kajal leaves Karan which breaks his heart and he starts visiting Tulsibai ([[Tabu , a tawaif . Raju learns that his Dad  and Uncle Gajraj are into illegal activities. He tries to destroy their business. So Karan is given the contract of killing Raju. Karan finds out that Raju is Kajal's husband. And what does he do? Does he decide to kill his lover's husband to unite with her?"] ['Vijay Choudhury lives with his wife, Laxmi, and step-brother, Ravi. Even after several years of being married, Vijay and Laxmi have no children. So Laxmi is taunted for her supposed barrenness by her fellow villagers, even though Vijay is the headman of the village. Ravi falls in love with Lalita, daughter of Milawatram and Bandharlekha. They get married and Lalita proves to be an ideal sister-in-law for Laxmi and Vijay. Soon, both Lalita and Laxmi get pregnant and give birth at the same time. However, the family goes through a traumatic experience as only one of the babies survives. What happens next forms the climax of the film.'] ["Rahul , Priyanka , Qateel , Bagani  and Vishaka  are medical college students with carefree attitudes. Rahul and Priyanka's failed relationship is shown in flashbacks. The group goes to a village in rural Maharashtra that is struck by farmer suicide. There they work as medical interns in the village hospital. The group plans a vacation to Goa until they are awoken to the plight of the poverty-ridden villagers by the village doctor, Mukya . In addition to their torment, a cruel zamindar  and his son  trouble the villagers with excessive interest rates. As a solution, a reformed criminal  offers monetary aid to the oppressed in form of microcredit loans. This comes as an able ally to students who vow to help the villagers. However, naxalites and corrupt politicians complicate their efforts. How these socially-awakened students rise above these problems forms the rest of the story."] [' The movie tells the story of two brothers, Vijay and Ravi Verma, who follow different career paths: Vijay is a smuggler and Ravi the policeman who is asked to hunt Vijay down. Vijay Verma  and Ravi Verma  are the sons of a trade unionist, Anand Verma , who was defeated and disgraced by the management of his firm using his family as bait. Unable to bear the public disgrace father deserts the family, and the sons are raised by their mother  who brings them to Bombay City, who suffers the trials and tribulations of a poor single mother. Vijay Verma, the elder brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father\'s humiliation and is victimized for his father\'s supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth, becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.{{multiple image |directionright |width |image1Shashi Kapoor as Inspector Ravi, the honest of the two brothers, as a police officer.{{cite web}} |image2Amitabh Bachchan as Vijay, the dishonest of the two brothers. The glare of a building in the glasses symbolize his hunger for wealth.<ref nameLal|firstOf Cricket, Guinness, and Gandhi: Essays on Indian History and Culture|yearSeagull Books|isbnhttp://www.alibris.com/booksearch?qisbn7718656#search-anchor|authorDetails The film opens with the strong leadership of trade unionist, Anand Verma , who works hard to enhance the lives of struggling laborers. He lives in a modest home with his wife, Sumitra Devi , and their two young sons, Vijay Verma  and Ravi Verma . Anand, however, is blackmailed by a corrupt businessman who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his activities. Forced into compliance, Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers who once supported him. His family is also persecuted by the angry workers who brand young Vijay\'s arm with the words: "Mera baap chor hai" in Hindi translated into "My Father Is A Thief." Anand then runs away forcing his wife and two children into destitute poverty. Not knowing what else to do, Sumitra Devi brings her children to Mumbai and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless boys. Vijay, the elder brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father\'s failure and is victimized for his father\'s supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth, becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld. He also sacrifices his own education so his brother Ravi can study. Ravi is an excellent student and grows up to become an upright police officer. He is also dating Veera , the daughter of a senior police officer.On the Commissioner\'s suggestion, Ravi applies for employment with the police, and is sent for training. Several months later, he is accepted by the police, and has a rank of Sub-Inspector. Vijay, on the other hand, becomes involved with Anita , a woman whom he meets at a bar. When Anita becomes pregnant, Vijay decides to abandon his life in the underworld, marry her, and confess his sins. He also hopes to seek forgiveness from his mother and brother.When Ravi returns home, he finds that Vijay has become a businessman overnight, has accumulated wealth, and a palatial home. When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth by crime, he decides to move out along with his mom.One of his first assignments is to be apprehend and arrest some of Bombay\'s hardcore criminals and smugglers which includes his brother, Vijay - much to his shock, as he had never associated his very own brother of having any criminal background. Ravi must now decide to proceed on with apprehending Vijay, or quit from the police force. However, when Anita is brutally murdered by rival members of the underworld, Vijay loses all sense of rational behavior and brutally murders his rivals in revenge for Anita\'s death, leading him to be branded a criminal forever. Their mother, who had sided with Ravi despite the fact that Vijay was her favorite, is tormented by Vijay\'s decisions and rejects him. When the two brothers meet for a final clash, however, it is Vijay who dies in his mother\'s arms seeking forgiveness and Ravi who is awarded for pursuing justice.'] ["Chandrashekhar  or Shekhar as he is called now, belongs to an aristrocratic family, who believe laughter is a sign of belonging to the lower class, and as a result laughter is not encouraged in the household, run by Shekhar's domineering mother . In this household the only one who dares to laugh and enjoy life is Shekhar's sister Mala , who also dares to love Jeevan . Things change when their mother finds out about Mala's indiscretions, and she asks Shekhar to take her away from their home, to distant and scenic Kashmir, for a while. She also instructs Shekhar to arrange to get married to a girl from a princely family. When Shekhar escorts Mala out of town, and on reaching Kashmir, he meets up with beautiful Rajkumari , and after being stranded with her for a night during a snowstorm, he realizes what he has been missing, and becomes a care-free man in love. This change is welcomed by Mala, but not by his mother. To make matters worse, Rajkumari does not belong to a princely family, and Shekhar knows that his mother will never approve of his marriage with Rajkumari."] ["Pyarelal , a simple-minded and extremely naive young man, who was orphaned at birth, and now lives with Fatima , a Muslim landlady who treats him like her son. Once, he sets on a journey and meets a young woman with whom he falls in love, Kamini Gupta . Sarmoyadhar , the person who brought her up happens to be Pyarelal's real father. All of a sudden, Pyarelal is arrested on the charge of murder. No one believes that a harmless man like him could commit a crime, let alone kill. However, Pyarelal openly admits in court that he is indeed guilty, and demands capital punishment for it. The reason he does that unveild several secrets later on."] ['A woman discovers that, becoming attracted to the wrong man can have deadly consequences in this taut and tense thriller. Janvi  is a woman whose life would seem ideal on the surface: she runs a thriving business and is married to Dr Adi Merchant , a psychiatrist. But a faint air of discontent has begun to creep into her relationship, when Aryan , joins Janvi’s company. Aryan himself has issues as an angry outburst leads him to accidentally kill his cheating girlfriend. Janvi impulsively gets drawn into a relationship with Aryan to keep her sanity. But after her issues with her husband are resolved, she tries to break off the affair. Aryan, however, is not willing to give her up so easily, and his attraction to her soon becomes a dangerous obsession.'] ['Karan  is a 13 year old orphan boy who lives in a dilapidated orphanage owned by a stern, uncouth warden, John "Hitler" Kakkad . Karan has two dreams: one is to have parents and the other is to be a big cricketer. His inspiration is Kapil Dev since he has been brought up on the motivating stories of India\'s \'83 World Cup win by the orphanage caretaker, Bholu Dada  who is a loving and a gentle old man. Karan\'s best buddy in the orphanage is Daboo  who often lends his gentle ears to the aspirations which Karan lives on. His dreams take a turn when one day, he lays his hands on an old cricket bat which Karan is convinced is the bat that Kapil Dev used to win the \'83 World Cup; for him, the bat becomes a magic bat. One day by a stroke of luck, the coach of the Indian cricket team spots Karan and is highly impressed by his batting skill. This happens at a time when the Indian cricket team is going through a rough patch. Karan and his magical bat are inducted into the Indian cricket team as the opening batsman along with the captain, Varun . When the little boy marches onto the pitch and wins the match for India Karan soon becomes the nation\'s heartthrob. Although he was formerly rejected by adopting couples, he is now the most sought after kid in the country. However, Raghav  the orphanage bully hates him and feels that if Karan did not have the magic bat he would have never made it to the cricket team. Raghav now wants the magic bat at any cost. Karan and Varun develop a strong emotional bond deeper than fellow cricketers. Karan has no parents and Varun has parents, but is estranged with his father and does not want to accept him. Karan strongly believes that parents are the best gift endowed by God and succeeds in uniting Varun with his father. At the final 5th one day match between India and Pakistan, events spiral out of control and Karan\'s magic bat is destroyed by Raghav. Karan is a nervous wreck, but Varun makes him realize that faith in oneself counts beyond anything else. With Karan\'s help, India wins the match. Karan decides to stop playing for now and rejoin the team when he is older. Varun and his girlfriend decide to adopt Karan.'] ['Chiranjeevi plays the dual roles of a Mumbai-based auto driver, Johnny, and an industrialist, Kalyan, who because he was interfering with the plans of the villains, led by Kota Srinivasa Rao, is first temporarily replaced by Johnny, and then framed for the murder of Kalyan\'s trusted employee, Shobana. Johnny realizes that he ruined the life of a good man and joins forces with Kalyan. They pretend to be each other, in order to save Kalyan. After the villains prove in court that Kalyan was the killer by replacing the rod of the murder weapon with one that has his finger prints on it, Johnny captures the villains and saves Kalyan. This is one of the biggest hits of chiranjeevi and commercially a huge success. Still the re-releases of the film is attracted by huge crowds although the film is telecasted many times on the national media. Chiranjeevi and Bappilahiri\'s combination was always created magic.The songs were huge hit and chiru\'s comedy timing is best as ever.Ever Beautiful Divya bharati is an asset for this flick. Chiranjeevi\'s dance in the song "Amalapuram Bulloda" was exceptional.'] ['Jeevan Yudh is an Action flick from Mithun-Partho Ghosh team. The film was announced after the Super Success of Dalaal, but failed to live up to the expectations. The Bengali version had a Moderate run.'] ["Mann Kapoor  lives a middle-class lifestyle in India. He wants to be a singer but is unable to secure any firm to back him up. He would like to be represented by Umesh Jumani , the Managing Director of a recording company, and in order to do this he successfully woos his attractive daughter, Radha , gets her to fall in love with him, and in this way secures a contract to make an album with her dad's company. His friends arrange for a bachelor party in scenic Goa, and while partying he meets with and falls head over heels over love with Roma Fernandes , also an upcoming singer and dancer. Roma also falls in love with him, but is heart-broken when she finds out that he is to wed Radha. Torn between his love for Roma and the commitment he made with Radha, a lovelorn Mann returns home - not knowing that fate will disrupt his life when Radha and Umesh eventually finds out that he has been two-timing Radha, and a confrontation with an underworld don, Chappu Bhai , who wants to ensure that Mann keeps his promise to Roma and weds her at any and all costs."] ['Zooni Ali Beg  is a blind Kashmiri girl who travels without her parents for the first time with a dance troupe to Delhi to perform in a ceremony for Independence Day. On her journey, she meets Rehan Khan , a Casanova tour guide who flirts with her. Although her friends warn Zooni about him, she cannot resist falling in love. He takes her on a private tour of New Delhi. They both share a their first and last date where both share a romantic song and slip into bed together with no strings attached. The next day Rehan wakes up to realise he slept with Zooni and feels guilty but Zooni explains to Rehan that she does not have any regrets of having pre-marital sex. She also tells Rehan that she doesnt expect anything from him. However, as soon as the train departs, Rehan slips into the train and, with the blessing of her friends, carries Zooni away, seemingly signifying the beginning of their life together. With Rehan\'s encouragement, Zooni undergoes surgery to reverse her blindness. Rehan leaves to pick up Zooni\'s parents from the train station, promising to be there when she opens her eyes. When Zooni does come out of surgery, her parents are there, but Rehan is missing. A terrible accident has occurred, seemingly orchestrated by a terrorist group fighting for a separate Kashmiri state. The police bring her a scrap of cloth, which she recognizes as a sweater she\'d made for Rehan, discovered amongst the debris. Rehan is presumed dead, and the mourning, guilt-ridden Zooni returns to Kashmir. It is revealed that Rehan is actually an agent working for the terrorist group and is to begin a new mission, vowing never to see Zooni again because their relationship can bring her nothing but heartbreak. Seven years later, the terrorists are about to pull off a huge strike as a part of their plan. With parts stolen from India, Pakistan and Russia, they hope to build a nuclear explosive device. This device is capable of destroying a whole city and they plan to use it pressure India and Pakistan into leaving Kashmir. A critical part is missing though: the detonator or electronic trigger device. A still-living Rehan, who had faked his death to cover up his tracks after the accident , is to bring in this trigger. Rehan has infiltrated the Indian army unit that is taking the trigger back to Delhi to safeguard it from theft by the insurgents. During a helicopter transport in a remote area, he drugs his colleagues, steals the trigger, destroys the helicopter with a hand grenade and escapes by parachute. A key intelligence operative named Malini Tyagi ([[Tabu  realizes who he is and deploys forces to stop him. He is nearly killed by the troops but escapes. Tyagi orders a communications blackout in the area so that he will not be able to contact the IKF. Exhausted, wounded, and incommunicado with a storm building, Rehan seeks shelter in a remote house. He is shocked to find that the house belongs to Zooni, her father, and Zooni\'s young son, whom she has named Rehan after his supposedly deceased father. Zooni has never seen Rehan, as she was blind when they met, and her father had never met him, having not come to Delhi until the day of Rehan\'s supposed death, so neither of them recognizes him. The child Rehan is very taken with the man, whom he calls "the dead man" , and the adult Rehan likewise develops an affection for the little boy. Later, Rehan admits to his identity, though he cannot explain what he has done for the seven years since they parted, or why he played dead. Nevertheless, he still loves Zooni and she eventually realizes that she too loves him, and they marry in a simple ceremony performed by her father. Soon afterward, through a TV broadcast, Zooni and her father separately discover that Rehan is the terrorist for whom a manhunt is in progress. Zooni\'s father drives Rehan to an Army friend\'s house. supposedly so Rehan can contact the army, but when they arrive he tries to arrest Rehan. They struggle and Zooni\'s father falls off a cliff to his death. Rehan uses the radio to contact the IKF who tell him they will send a pick-up helicopter the next morning. When the army officer discovers Rehan in his home, Rehan kills him too. Zooni finds her father dead, floating by under the ice in the river near which Zooni and her son are playing. When Rehan returns home, and tells her that her father is at the army officer\'s house drinking rum, she suspects that Rehan killed him. She takes the trigger and young Rehan to the army friend\'s house, and upon finding the army officer dead, radios the army. Tyagi apprises her of the seriousness of the danger, and the risk to millions of lives should the IKF get the device. She tells Zooni she will send an army helicopter to pick her up in the morning. When morning comes, before the army or the terrorists arrive, Rehan appears, having walked all night from Zooni\'s house. He tries to convince Zooni to give him the trigger, saying that the terrorists will torture and kill young Rehan if they don\'t get it. Finally he takes the trigger, promising her that no one will actually set off the bomb  and that this is the only way they can have a happy future together. Grieved, but determined to stop him, Zooni runs out of the house after him and shoots him, crying "I love you, Rehan". Rehan\'s grandfather, witnessing the event from a helicopter, trains his gun on Zooni, but Tyagi arrives in time in another helicopter and shoots the terrorist leader and the helicopter down. Rehan dies in Zooni\'s arms as Tyagi lands. The final scene shows Zooni and little Rehan laying flowers on the graves of Rehan  and Mr. Ali Beg. Rehan asks if his father was a bad man, and Zooni tells him that he was doing what he felt was right. Rehan kisses his father\'s grave and tells him that he loves him. Zooni tells her son, "It is easy to choose between right and wrong. But to choose the greater of two goods or the lesser of two evils... those are the choices of our life," recalling a line quoted by her father near the beginning of the film.'] ['The Police Commissioner, Advocate Sinha and Police Inspector Vikram Singh arrive at the Central Mental Hospital to speak with an inmate, Arun Saxena. They hope to get Vikram to befriend Arun so that they could unravel the mystery as to why Arun ended up romancing wealthy Sapna, then getting involved with Jyoti, and subsequently killing her. Arun is arrested, confesses to the homicide and is sentenced to be hanged. This news unsettles Arun to such an extend that he becomes mentally unstable and is institutionalized.'] ["Avantika Ahuja  who lives in the United States returns to Delhi after her father has a cardiac arrest. While in Delhi she meets Ehsaan Khan , a University professor from Mumbai. Being in the same career field at the same place, love blossoms between the two. Meanwhile Avantika gets a call from New York asking her to rejoin her job. She breaks this news to Ehsaan and expresses her desire to work in the US, Ehsaan agrees and joins her but before that Avantika's father has some reservations about his daughter marrying a Muslim. However he gives in as the couple has decided to get married. Eventually they get married and move to the USA. Avantika helps Ehsaan in getting a job at the same university where she teaches and Ehsaan is appointed as a professor to teach Islam and the Modern World. Avantika's life changes when her neighbor Salma  informs her about her house arrest and requests Avantika to help her by contacting her friend Rihana , a TV reporter. Avantika meets Rihana and tells her about Salma's problem and meanwhile she meets Riyaz , Rihana's boyfriend and colleague who takes Salma's problem as a case of domestic violence. Unfortunately, Rihana has to fly out of the city before meeting Salma and she gets her flight information when Avantika is still at her office. Avantika becomes pregnant and waits at her house to share this with Ehsaan but when she hears voices coming from their neighbor's house, she investigates and finds out that her neighbors Bhaijaan  and the others are planning to send Tahir and blast the flight in which Rihana is traveling, and expose them. Her neighbors see her and chase her to her house where she meets Ehsaan who consoles her but soon reveals that he is also a part of the terrorist group. Bhaijaan ask Ehsaan to kill her in order to make their operation successful, however Ehsaan denies after learning that Avantika is pregnant. Ehsaan keeps Avantika in house arrest and threatens to kill her father in India if she tries to inform anyone. Avantika realizes that she is a pawn in Ehsaan’s game. It turns out he married her to legitimately obtain Social Security Cards and a new identity in the USA. Avantika calls Rihana and leaves a voice message on her office number to stop her from boarding the flight. Unfortunately, the plane explodes killing Rihana. Riyaz, heartbroken and revengeful finds Avantika's voice message for Rihana and begins a mission to uncover the real culprits behind the flight bombings. Riyaz also joins Ehsaan's lectures and soon befriends him. Ehsaan finds him to be a perfect replacement for one of his group member Aqeel  who was killed by Ehsaan while they were taking out Salma's body to bury it. Ehsaan introduces Riyaz to Bhaijaan who becomes suspicious of Riyaz's thoughts to fight against the Americans. Ehsaan makes Riyaz a part of their next mission to bomb several subway stations in New York. Riyaz tries to spoil the plan with the help of Avantika. Time starts running out for Riyaz & Avantika and they become helpless when Bhaijaan advances the mission by 3 days. While carrying bombs in the subway Riyaz's colleague bumps into him and tells Ehsaan & Bhaijaan about his real identity. Riyaz tries to escape and in the chaos, shoots Bhaijaan. While taking his last breath, Bhaijaan informs Ehsaan that there are 3 more bombs placed in the bags of 2 wives of the terrorists involved and one of it placed in Avantika's bag which is being escorted by Aapa . He has a change of heart to save his love and child and doesn't kill Riyaz when he corners him and instead they both make a plan to stop all the other terrorists. Riyaz tries to save the people at the train stations but 2 bombs explode killing Hamid and another terrorist. Ehsaan kills Aapa while saving Avantika. Ultimately he sacrifices himself at the end to save the innocent Avantika."] ['The movie starts with Raju  being released from jail, and then the story runs in flashback. Raju was a freelance guide, who earned his living by taking tourists to historic sites. One day, a wealthy and aging archaeologist, Marco  comes to the city with his young wife Rosie , the daughter of a courtesan. Marco wants to do some research on the caves outside the city and hires Raju as his guide. He discovers a new cave and ignores Rosie. While Marco devotes himself to the discovery of the cave, Raju takes Rosie on a tour and appreciates her dancing ability and innocence. He learns about Rosie\'s background as a daughter of a prostitute and how Rosie has achieved respectability as the wife of Marco but at a terrible cost. She had to give up her passion of dancing since it was unacceptable to Marco. Meanwhile, Rosie tries to commit suicide by consuming poison. Marco, upon knowing the incidence returns from the caves to see Rosie and is furious with Rosie after seeing her alive. He tells her that her act of committing suicide was a drama, otherwise she would have consumed more sleeping pills so that she could really have died. Upon returning to the caves which were discovered, Rosie learns that Marco is spending time and enjoying the company of a native tribal girl. She is enraged at Marco and both indulge in a serious heated discussion, which conclude with Rosie leaving the caves, and she once again wants to end her life. Raju calms her down by saying that committing suicide is a sin, and that she should live to pursue her dream. She finally says good-bye to the relation of being the wife of Marco. Now, she needs support and a home. Raju gives her shelter. Rosie is considered a prostitute too, by Raju\'s community , which leads to many problems, including his mother and her brother insisting that Rosie be kicked out. Raju refuses and his mother leaves him. His friend and driver also falls out with him over Rosie. Raju loses his business and the entire town turns against him. Undeterred by these setbacks, Raju helps Rosie embark on a singing and dancing career and Rosie becomes a star. As she rises as a star, Raju becomes dissolute — gambling and drinking. Marco comes back on the scene. Trying to win Rosie back, he brings flowers and has his agent ask Rosie to release some jewelry which is in a safe deposit box. Raju, a bit jealous, does not want Marco to have contact with Rosie and forges Rosie\'s name on the release of the jewels. Meanwhile, Rosie and Raju drift apart due to Rosie\'s incomprehensible behaviour when she tortures Raju by not obliging him a caring hug even and asks him to leave her room else she says she will have to go out. Before this, they also had a discussion about how a man should live when Rosie remembers Marco and tells Raju that Marco was probably correct when he used to say that a man should not live on a woman\'s earnings. Raju retorts by saying that she is under a misunderstanding that she has become a star on her own and it was only because of Raju\'s efforts that she became famous. Later, Rosie learns of the forgery release. Raju is convicted of forgery, resulting in a two year sentence. Rosie does not understand why Raju indulged in forgery, when he could have easily asked her for money. It was not money, it was the loving fascination for Rosie which urged Raju not to reveal Marco\'s visit to Rosie so that she doesn\'t remember him again and to eliminate the probability of Rosie and Marco\'s togetherness, if at all, there was any little chance. On the day of his release, his mother and Rosie come to pick him up but they are told that he was released six months ago because of his good behaviour. Upon his release Raju wanders alone. Despair, poverty, rags, hunger, loneliness engulf him until he finds a wandering group of sadhus  with whom he spends a night at a derelict temple in a small town. He sleeps and one of the itinerant holy men places a shawl upon him. The holy men leave. The next morning, a farmer, Bhola, finds Raju sleeping under the orange shawl. Bhola thinks Raju is a holy man. Bhola is having a problem with his sister because she refuses to marry. Raju impresses the woman with the logic in taking a husband and she submits, which convinces Bhola that Raju is a swami . Impressed by this, Bhola spreads the news through the village. Raju is taken as a holy man by the village. The farmers bring gifts for him and start consulting him with their problems. Raju assumes the role of village holy man  and engages in skirmishes with the local pandits. In telling a childhood story, Raju speaks of a holy man whose 12 day fast resulted in God\'s bringing rain to end a drought. A drought and ensuing famine hit the region hard. Through miscommunication of a village fool, Raju\'s words are interpreted by villagers that he will fast for 12 days to end the drought. He finds himself trapped by villagers\' belief. At first Raju opposes the idea, going as far as telling Bhola that he is just a human like any one of them and even worse a convict who has undergone trial and served a jail sentence over a woman. But even the confession was not enough for the villagers to give up on their belief who quote the story of dacoit Ratnakar who became Valmiki. He reluctantly begins the fast, although he does not believe that there is any relation between a man\'s hunger and rain. With the fast, Raju undergoes a spiritual transformation. As the fast goes on, his fame spreads. People by the thousands come to see him and take his blessings. An American journalist asks him whether he truly believes that his fast would bring rain, he smiles and says "These people have faith in me, and I have faith in their faith". Upon hearing about his fame Rosie pays him a visit, so does his mother and his friend Gaffoor, who is Muslim. Bhola does not allow him to enter the temple on the grounds that he is of a different religion. Raju comes out and asks Bhola what is his religion. He tells Bhola that humanity, love and helping the others is his religion. Bhola begs excuse and sees them hugging each other sentimentally and his eyes becomes wet. Raju understands that he now has everything he has lost a long time back. His health starts falling, and he thinks about the meaning of his life. On one side there is Rosie, his Mother and a chance to get back to his past life and on the other side there is a noble cause to fast and hope for the rain. He gets enlightened by the concept that his past sins are washed away by his anguish and the Guide Raju he knew has died. And now the only thing that remains is the spiritual Raju, which is indestructible. He is reconciled with his mother, Rosie and the driver during his ordeal. He transcends this life. Amidst thunder claps and heavy downpour, his soul departs this earth while the crowd rejoices and his beloveds cry. The climax also teaches the Bhagavad Gita\'s principles: "Man does not die it is only body which dies. Soul remains forever."'] ["The film focused on two friends  and how Somu tries to infiltrate the trade union of his friends. Amitabh Bachchan plays a rich man's son, Vicky, who has a fight with a union leader and later sends his best friend Somu  to grow bigger than the previous union leader. Rajesh starts getting influenced by the ideals of workers which leads to the confrontation between two friends. This story concentrates on the rise of unions with the backdrop of Mumbai's textile mills and inflation in the early '70s."] ['The film starts by introduction of Shanti Niwas & its residents by Amitabh Bachchan, who is the narrator here. He points out that Shanti Niwas is a pot of ironies: Even though its name means "Home of Peace", there is no peace here. The home, which houses the Sharma family, has members who hate each other for reasons unknown. Even a servant cannot withstand the Sharma\'s for more than a month. After every month, the search for a new servant has to start. Then, suddenly a servant named Raghu comes in. Even though nobody remembers asking for some Raghu, they hire him. But Raghu has his own surprises in store for him. Gradually, the whole home comes to know that Raghu is not only an accompolished chef, but also a singer & expert in dancing. Raghu tells his masters that he worked for reputed veterans of given fields, who taught him something or the other. Gradually, many aces start falling out of his sleeves, causing the Sharma\'s to develop an attraction to him. Even Daduji, the disgruntled patriarch of the family, develops love for Raghu. The family puts so much trust in Raghu that they even unwittingly show him the box containing the family jewels. Krishna is the recluse daughter of Daduji\'s dead son & daughter-in-law. On learning this, Raghu tutors her & brings her talents to the fore. He also helps in clearing up the misunderstandings & calling truces between the family members. Daduji cannot help but think that Raghu is actually a saviour sent by god. Meanwhile, nobody notices that Raghu is suspiciously eyeing the jewel box the whole time. Meanwhile, Raghu learns that Krishna loves a boy, but the Sharma\'s are strictly against the union of Krishna with him. The boy also loves Krishna, but is helpless before Krishna\'s relatives as well. Between all the tangle, Raghu suddenly disappears. The Sharma\'s are also aghast to know that the box is missing as well. It does not take the Sharma\'s to put two & two together. At the same time, Krishna\'s love interest shows up. The people are already angered at the turn of events & the boys arrival, but they receive a shock when he shows them the jewelry box. He explains that he saw Raghu in a suspicious condition with the box. When he asked Raghu about the box, Raghu tried to run away. He tried to stop Raghu, even beat him up, but Raghu somehow managed to escape. Stunned by this unexpected turn of events, the attitude of Sharma\'s towards the boy changes & they agree to get him married with Krishna out of gratitude. Krishna, however, refuses to buy the story. When Sharma\'s start abusing Raghu, Krishna\'s lover cannot take it anymore and tells them what really happened. He tells them that he met Raghu at his own wrestling ground. He had a little friendly match with Raghu, where he suffered minor injuries from Raghu. He saw the box & asked Raghu about it. Raghu said that the box was the real reason he came there. Raghu told the boy that his real name was professor Raghunandan Verma, but he took the fake name of Raghu. He had seen many families like the Sharma\'s which were on the brink of breaking up & hence decided to use his knowledge to stop this. Raghu explained him that if he lies about the box & what happened between him & Raghu, the boy will be able to marry Krishna. Raghu had promised the boy to secrecy, but latter couldn\'t stand up the abuse to Raghu. A stunned Sharma family has to accept that Raghu went out of his way to save several homes like Shanti Niwas. Krishna manages to stop Raghu in time from going somewhere else. Raghu tells her that this is his life mission now & he has to go. Krishna requests him to stop until her marriage, as she regards him as her brother. Raghu obliges & leaves Shanti Niwas after her marriage. The film ends with a scene of him travelling to a new destination & narration from Amitabh Bachchan that "Raghu is going to a new home. Let\'s hope it is not yours." The movie was a hit. It was the 8th highest grossing film of the year'] ["17-year-old Rohan is expelled from the reputed Bishop Cotton School, Shimla boarding school along with three friends Vikram, Benoy and Maninder when they are caught by their warden watching an adult movie off campus . Rohan returns home to Jamshedpur to a stern and abusive father and a 6-year-old half-brother, Arjun , not knowing what's in store for him. His father forces him to attend engineering classes at the local university and work at his metal works factory. His father's disappointment takes the form of verbal and physical abuse and constant humiliation. His kind uncle supports Rohan's ambition of being a writer, but his father will have none of it. One night he sneaks out of the house, takes his father's car and goes to a local bar. There he meets some seniors from his college who try to rag him but later become his friends. Then he does this regularly, taking his father's car and drinking at the bar. An uninterested Rohan deliberately fails the exam so that his father will give up on him, leaving him free to pursue his dream of becoming a writer. At exactly the same time, his father is summoned immediately to school to take Arjun away because of something he has done. This causes his father to lose an important contract. Rohan comes home to a scene where Arjun is being rushed to the hospital for some unknown reason. His father says that Arjun fell down the stairs. Fearful of complicating matters, Rohan lies to his father and says that he passed his exams. His father then goes to Calcutta on an urgent business trip leaving Rohan to take care of Arjun in the hospital. In the hospital, Rohan impresses a lot of people including doctors and nurses with his stories and poems. He finds out that Arjun was beaten by his father after losing a contract worth millions of rupees. While he befriends Arjun he gets to know that Arjun had a fight with his schoolmate and had hurt a couple of them. Then his father comes back from Calcutta and finds out he has failed the exams. He has a fight with his father and is assaulted by him in the night and next day his father apologies to him. A somewhat hopeful Rohan feels that maybe his father has realised the error of his ways. His father then stuns Rohan by declaring that he is going to marry again and decides to send Arjun to a boarding school while Rohan is supposed to work full-time at the factory. His father has a fight with his uncle and calls him a 'loser' when his uncle desires to keep Arjun with him. Rohan pleads with his uncle to take him away. Furious about this, his father burns Rohan's diary where he has written all his poems. Rohan calls Maninder who tells him that he, Vikram and Benoy are now working at Vikram's restaurant in Mumbai and Maninder invites him too. One day, Rohan takes all his frustration out on his father's car and some policemen happen to see him in the act. He spends a night in prison after his father knows about the car and leaves him there. When he goes home, his to-be stepmother and her relatives are there. He takes a bath, packs his things to leave home. As a dejected Arjun watches him sadly, Rohan asks him when he will be leaving for boarding school. Arjun says he would be leaving the next day. Rohan simply wishes him luck and prepares to leave. On his way out, Rohan exchanges some words with his father,causing his to-be-stepmother to realise what his fathers real nature is, and when confronted, punches his father and runs away. He spends the night in his uncle's house and the next morning he suddenly realises that he cannot leave his brother at the mercy of the same circumstances that he left. He goes to his home and takes Arjun with him to Mumbai leaving a note behind warning his father to stay away from them. The movie ends with Rohan and Arjun walking away holding hands."] ['Sunil Arora and his wife Malti with their son Avi lead a typical middleclass life in Mumbai metro. Having completed 10 years of marriage, Sunil feels he is getting old and is not able to satisfy his wife\'s advances in bedroom. Sammy and Vinay Vinay Pathak are Sunil\'s colleagues in his office and they share their domestic issues as a pastime. Things take a turn when a friend of Sunil\'s returns from USA and mentions about Swinging and how it has kept him visibly younger. After this Sunil gets obsessed with the concept and starts planning to take a "swing". Malti is upset with Sunil\'s obsession and does not give into his new found love. Still, Sunil starts connecting to possible swingers by responding to magazine ads and finally gets hold of Mr. Vinod Khanna and they agree to meet once to get everybody\'s consensus.'] ['Suman  and Amit  love each other and plan to marry soon. Amit lives with his younger brother, Raju , and Raju already calls Suman "Bhabhi". Amit teaches in college, but Raju is unemployed and a little bit spoiled by Amit and Suman\'s pamperings. Raju gets into bad company, and as a result in trouble. When Amit comes to help Raju, he gets killed. Suman dons the garb of a widow and does not plan to marry again. Then one day a look-alike of Amit, named Shankar enters Suman and Raju\'s life. Guilt-ridden Raju thinks that he has gotten his brother back, and tries to make amends by hiring Shankar, not knowing that Shankar is a wanted criminal, and is looking for an escape route from the authorities. Raju\'s guilty unconditional support and love along with the, for obvious reasons, confusing for both, but electric attraction between Shankar and Suman eventually wins Shankar over from his past evil ways. Nevertheless Shankar can not so easily escape his past. Suman is kidnapped in order to force Shankar to aid a kingpin by using an international car rally championship as cover to smuggle diamonds. With Raju\'s help, of course, good prevails over evil and symbolically, Shanker is wounded protecting Suman and as they role free of the shooting and explosions and come to rest, it is seen that Suman\'s forehead has been marked crimson by the blood of her soul mate. Raju has learnt a heart-crushing lesson in the dangers or excess and frivolity but in the end, there is hope and greater wisdom. Neetu Singh also had a small role as the fiancee of Raju . Amjad Khan was the main villain while Vijayendra Ghatge played the role of the killer of Amit. The film\'s songs \'aati rahengi baharen\'. \'mile jo kadi kadi, ek zanjeer bane\' and the title song had become very popular. The tunes are still hummable.'] ['Vaastav opens with a family performing the annual rites of a dead person on the beach. When the young son of the deceased asks his grandmother all about the deceased, she begins to narrate the story. As the film opens, Raghunath Namdev Shivalkar or "Raghu"  and his best friend Dedh Footiya   struggle to find work in Mumbai. Raghu lives in the Mumbai suburbs with his retired father , mother and banker brother . They decide to run a pav bhaji stall. But fate steps in when Raghu and Dedh Footiya accidentally kill a customer who turns out to be the brother of a notorious gangster, Fracture Bandya. Now on the run, the two of them soon end up killing Fracture Bandya and his men also, when the latter tries to find them and kill them both treacherously by arranging a meeting through Suleiman Bhai, a middle man in the Mumbai underworld. Raghu and Dedh footiya now end up in the Mumbai underworld. Vitthal Kaanya , a rival gang lord, offers Raghunath  and Dedh Footiya protection and later hires them both as hitmen. Raghunath becomes a respected hit man, with Dedh Footiya as his accomplice. With Raghunath in his gang, Vitthal Kaanya hits a peak in the Mumbai underworld. Later Raghunath is approached by the home minister Babban Rao  and who asks Raghunath to work for him and uses Raghunath for his needs. Raghu agrees, much against the wishes of Assistant Inspector Kishore Kadam , a good friend of Raghu,who continues to help him by advising him and providing inside info. Vitthal Kaanya is soon killed by rival gangsters. While Babban Rao relies on Raghunath, there are some others who despise Raghunath and are waiting in the sidelines to see when he makes an error. Raghunath does so: Babban Rao is soon under serious pressure from the public and government. He issues a shoot-to-kill warrant for Raghunath. Dedh Footiya gets killed in an encounter. Then Raghu comes to know from Kishore that the police have been ordered to kill him in an "encounter." Raghu is now on the run, both from the police and Babban Rao\'s men. Raghunath knows now that he must protect his wife, parents, and family, as they too are in danger.He realizes that there is no escape from this harsh reality. He arranges to meet Babban Rao with the help of Suleman Bhai  and kills Babban Rao as he would spoil others\' lives like his, in the future. In the process, Suleiman Bhai also gets killed. Unable to save himself from the police, Raghu comes back to his home and tells his mother to save him. He apparently has become crazy and starts hallucinating. His mom takes him away to safety. She remembers how Raghu had once taught her how to use a gun; she pulls the trigger and kills him. As the film ends, we see the family fulfilling the annual rites of Raghu on the Mumbai beach,as the film had begun, with Raghu\'s mother explaining all that happened to his young son.'] ["J.K.  is a Hotel Manager. One day he gallantly comes to the rescue of a politician's drunk daughter, Aarti . Aarti falls in love with J.K. and both get married in a small ceremony. Few years into marriage, differences arise to such an extent that they decide to separate. Years later, J.K. and Aarti meet again when she is an established politician. They both feel the closeness between them but she does not want her name to be tarnished and jeopardize her career."] ['Manoj Kumar played a village man \'Bharat\', who sacrifices everything to get his brother educated. His brother  goes abroad and comes back a selfish man wanting his share of the property. But when war of 1965 between India and Pakistan breaks out, Bharat is off to the war; while his selfish brother, with the help of his greedy uncle ,Charandas and some partners, tries to gain profit by selling drugs and blackmarketering in the market. In the end, Bharat returns as a war hero defeating the demon designs of the enemy and his brother repents as he is caught by the police . Hence, he vows to be a good & hardworking brother just like his Indo-Pak war veteran brother Bharat. The movie also stars Asha Parekh as a doctor promoting family planning, Kamini Kaushal and Pran in his first positive character role. The film won the top spot at the box office in 1967. Madan Puri played the main villain with ease, full ability and command. This is one of his best films. Audience has not seen such a villain till date. Box office The film won several major awards. Many years later, Manoj Kumar said that one of the most beautiful screen images that stuck in his mind was a "half-lit Asha Parekh" in this film.http://75.125.77.246/columns/2004/aug/90040.htm'] ["The film tells the story in a non-linear fashion, with two timelines being depicted simultaneously. Rahul Bose has a dysfunctional marriage with Sameera Reddy who has an extra-marital affair. Rahul tries to reconnect with his long-lost father , while Sameera dreams of breaking free of her stifling domestic life. Rahul is considered as a failure both in professional and personal lives. However, an honest and simple man, he clings to simple joys of life and memories of his childhood. The back-and-forth movement of the story between two timelines  and the arrangement of the sequences make Mithun a mystery man—he could be dead, alive, or, just a figment of Rahul's imagination.  The film begins as Mithun follows Rahul as the later returns home from a day's work. Rahul is shown to be a doting father, but a failed husband. Mithun then starts to tell his own story. He had a happy family with wife  and the adolescent son Sumanata. A past flame of Mithun, played by Sudipta Chakraborty, incidentally arrives in the village  and meets Mithun. At one unrestrained moment, she tries to seduce Mithun. Mithun tries to resist. However, Mithun's wife, Laboni, sees a glimpse of them in a compromising situation. Laboni, pained by the betrayal, decides to leave Mithun, with their son in tow. While a devastated Mithun becomes a footloose traveller, their son bears the scar for the rest of his life. Back to the present, father and son come face to face to heal old wounds. Battling the brunts of a society that defines success too materialistically, Rahul also continues to relive his childhood memories. His wife, Sameera, meanwhile flies to the United States to spend an extended holiday with her brother's family settled there. She writes several travelogues. Rahul suddenly meets his father one day in a Calcutta street. He spends a memorable day with his father, reliving their memories, as well as discussing many aspects of life. Suddenly, Mithun disappears. Rahul's wife returns from USA, and tells him that she has been in an extra-marital relationship for long, and their children are actually not fathered by Rahul. Rahul says he knows everything, and still love their children. Soon, Sameera leaves Rahul. Rahul continues to live with their children. Towards the end of the film, Rahul again has a talk with his father, Mithun. Mithun tells him that many things in life remain unsaid, untouched. Mithun goes on to tell that after Mithun's wife, Laboni, left him, he wandered off to many places, finally one day, committing suicide. So, at the end, viewers understand that their suspicion was true that Mithun and all the talks between Rahul and Mithun were nothing but the imagination of Rahul's sensitive mind. Rahul continues to be a doting father. The film has several fantasy-like characters appearing several times. The old flute-seller, Idrish, and his son, Abdul, are such a pair of characters. Rahul once met them in his childhood. However, the duo appears several times in the film, especially in the moments when there is a voice-over of Mithun, or when Rahul is reliving some old memories. Masked troupes of village dancers also make several appearances."] ["Terrorists kill Malayali-born Officer of Home Ministry of India Rajan Varma's nephew. Anti-terrorism police led by Shyam  is appointed to protect Rajan's sister Usha Varma ([[Sharada  and her daughter Manasi  without informing them about Unni's death. Shyam kills Manasi's boyfriend when he was trying to trespass her home and so they starts hating Shyam. Manasi does not know that her boyfriend was a terrorist and was trying to kill her and her mom. The terrorists later kidnap Manasi and she understands the truth. They wants to stop Usha Varma who is a Judge to read a verdict in a recent case against a terrorist. Usha Varma requests Shyam's help to keep her alive until she reads the verdict in court. Shyam rescues Manasi from the terrorists.The movie became a super hit,suresh gopi is considered to be as a trend setter,macho hero in that time."] ['Rock On begins in Mumbai, with the rock band "Magik" in 1998. Aditya Shroff  is the lead singer who rebelled against his well to-do family to play music. Joseph  Mascarhenas  is the lead guitarist who feels he has to prove his worth as a musician. Rob Nancy  and Kedar Zaveri or KD/"Killer Drummer"  comprise the remainder of the band. They are in their early twenties, young, wild and carefree, and only think about succeeding in the music business. After a competition is announced, specifically for Indian rock bands, to be organised by Channel V, they decide to enter it as the winner will be offered a contract for an album and at least one music video. While they win the competition, they must make a number of compromises when signing the contract. This creates tension within the band. Joe feels the most slighted as his song is not included . In addition, his girlfriend, Debbie , an aspiring fashion designer, is rejected as the band\'s stylist. Later, when the cameramen focus solely on Aditya during the filming of the music video, Joe becomes furious and lashes out at Aditya before marching out of the studio with Debbie. Aditya, who had failed to notice anything was amiss, is shocked and decides to leave as well. He packs his stuff, writes a note breaking up with his girlfriend Tania , and leaves for Delhi. "Magik" thus disbands and its members, once the closest of friends, become estranged from each other. Ten years later, the four meet again through a series of coincidences. Aditya is now a high-powered executive with an investment banking firm. He has become cold and unfeeling. His wife Sakshi  feels hurt and confused by his behavior. Hoping to make him happy, she decides to plan a party for his birthday. While buying a watch, K.D.  overhears Sakshi talking about Aditya and wonders if it is his now estranged friend. He introduces himself and leaves his name with her. Sakshi later conveys the meeting to Aditya who denies knowing K.D. When Sakshi finds a box filled with "Magik" photos, she realizes Aditya was lying and invites K.D. to the birthday party. K.D. meets up with Rob  and they go together to invite Joe. Joe is largely unemployed, performing occasionally at weddings. He has an eight-year-old son, and the family is largely supported by Debbie, whom he has married, and who runs his family\'s fish business. Debbie  sends K.D. and Rob away and discourages Joe from staying in touch with them. K.D. and Rob thus attend the party without Joe, greatly surprising Aditya who is shocked to see them there. Aditya is angered by their presence and chastises Sakshi for inviting them. She retorts by telling him that all she wanted was to see him happy, especially now that they are having a child . She leaves for her mother\'s house, saying that she cannot have a relationship anymore with a man who won\'t let her in. The next day, Aditya goes to Sakshi\'s friend, Devika , for advice. She tells him to stop running away from his past, so he decides to meet his ex-bandmates at the basement. Joe is also there. He shakes hands with Aditya, wishes him a belated birthday and the band\'s differences seem to have been resolved. They start practising regularly at Aditya\'s house. Learning about this, Sakshi also returns home. Soon, another contest hosted by Channel V is announced, and at Rob\'s insistence, they enter themselves. Debbie, who is adamant that Joe get a regular job, arranges for him a guitar-playing job on a cruise liner, but the ship is to sail on the same day as the contest. When it is discovered that Rob has a brain tumour and his last wish is to perform with "Magik" one last time, Joe\'s choice becomes very difficult. Debbie insists that he go for the job, especially as their financial situation is so bad and they have a son to bring up. The contest is aired on the radio, and while Joe is in the taxi on the way to the airport with his family, he hears "Magik" play the song he wrote for Debbie so long ago, and dedicate it to him. He leaves the taxi and goes to the concert, reaching just as the song ends. On seeing him, the band immediately perform another song, which turns out to be their last together onstage. The short epilogue reveals that Sakshi gives birth to a baby boy, named "Rob" as a memorial to their friend who died two months after Magik\'s final performance. Devika is dating K.D., who starts a record company with Joe. Debbie becomes a successful stylist. The band members and their families meet at least once a week.'] ["Shyam works for Mr. Choudhry, and lives in a small village in India with his mother. Ranjeet, Shyam's childhood friend, returns from overseas, and all are overjoyed to see him back. Ranjeet and Shyam have a lot in common: Both are handsome, dedicated, pleasant and polite; Both share the same date of birth; and both also love the same woman, Barkha. It is the last similarity that causes friction between the two, so much so that Shyam is accused of impregnanting another woman, Roopa, and charged with stealing money."] [" Ashfaque  is a small town boy aspiring to be a film star in the Hindi film industry. He joins a street theatre group run by a reformed dacoit Sidhu  who uses street theatre as a medium to bring about an awakening in the masses. Ashfaque struggles to give a creative vent to the actor in him in order to realize his dreams. Ashfaque's determined struggle pays off and he gets a break in films. He gets a new screen name - Sameer Khan. With the passage of time, he moves up the success ladder in a very short time. Soon, he becomes Sameer Khan the superstar - one who can enact any role with finesse, get under the skin of any and every character with ease and walk away with audience applause. Sadly, amidst all adulation and applause, he slowly loses his own identity. He forgets his real self and imbibes all characteristics of the various roles essayed by him on screen. Corruption takes over his entire system, alienating him from all loved ones, including his wife Sneha . A shocking incident at a party changes everything, rocking Sameer Khan's lifestyle. He gets caught between his human self on one side and his corrupted superstar image on the other. Whether the conflict within him gives way to good sense and whether he is able to discard his corrupted image and emerge as a true life hero, becomes an integral part of this true life cinema."] ["Vijaykamal  is a son of a rich Thakur Suraj Singh but has lost his mind. He sees his lover Sapna marry his neighbour Bihari  and then commit suicide on the night of the Diwali party hosted by Bihari. This incident puts Vijay in shock. Thakur believes that if he be married, he would turn well. He hence approaches a tawaif Chand (played by [[Mumtaz  to pretend to be Vijay's wife and then help him be normal. But Chand is given cold treatment by Vijay's mother and his elder brother Kishore. Vijay treats Chand badly by also once sexually assaulting her. But later Chand becomes very friendly with Vijay and that starts improving his condition. Bihari who wishes to have Chand for himself also tries to persuade Vijay's young sister Radha. He promises Radha to make her actress in Bollywood and asks her to run away with money and gold. But Chand does not let Bihari's plan work. Vijay's younger brother Mohan  also falls in love with noble Chand but then suddenly leaves the home when he find that she is pregnant and is carrying Vijay's child. In a fight between Vijay and Bihari, Bihari falls off the terrace and this shocks Vijay making him normal again. But then Vijay is unable to recall Chand. She is then humiliated by the family and is thrown out of house. Then Mohan comes and accuses everyone for treating her like a toy and only using her when needed. He rescues her and tells the truth of how she did not let Bihari's plan work and save Radha. It is also revealed that Chand was actually born in a noble family and was only raised as a tawaif as she was found alone after a train accident. The family thus accepts Chand and all sets well."] ["Ajay Shastri  is an unemployed, honest graduate who dreams of joining the police force. His father, Raghuvansh Shastri  is a highly principled and moralistic man. An ex-schoolteacher and Gandhi follower, now a social activist, Prof. Shastri expects his son to follow in his steps and believe in his ideals and values. When his father's ideals start clashing with Ajay's dreams of becoming a police officer, a rift between father and son emerges. Ajay bribes higher officials to get his name on the police force list and, with his friend , he gets Rs. 5 lakh loan as well. When things go awry, Ajay and his friend decide to kidnap a government official to repay the amount. Despite all this, Ajay loves Megha , a smart and educated young woman, who is also in love with him, but their worlds are far apart. The kidnap goes wrong at the last minute. It turns out the official is under protection of Gaya Singh, one of Tabrez Alam's  lieutenants. Tabrez Alam is a powerful and influential minority leader. Tabrez runs a parallel government: an empire that lives off money and fear and one which Tabrez has under his thumb with the help of his right-hand man, Gaya Singh . Murders, extortion, bribery and, above all, kidnappings are just some of his illegal activities. Ajay and his friends are brought to jail under police custody. It is in jail that they are tortured by Gaya Singh and his men, who runs the kidnapping business shuffling between jail and hospital. Ajay pleads with DSP Shukla to save him and promises to do anything for him and to be of a great use in future. DSP saves him as he is pissed off with Gaya Singh for not getting his share of trading and creating pressure for his transfer. Ajay then kidnaps Sooraj Mal, one of the leading businessman and rising figure in local politics. This infuriates Tabrez as he had previously ordered Gaya Singh to kidnap Sooraj Mal to make his power felt by other businessmen but failed because of his high security. Gaya Singh goes frantic upon hearing the kidnapping and goes to kill the person upon information provided by DSP Shukla. He is surprised to find Ajay as the kidnapper who kills him after humiliating him avenging his own humiliation in jail by the hands of Daya Singh. He surrenders himself to Tabrez, and requests him to take him into his gang. Tabrez sees potential in Ajay and soon Ajay starts running Tabrez's entire empire. He takes Ajay in like a son and places him higher than his own brother Usmaan . Swimming in power, Ajay becomes the state's most powerful gangster and, under Tabrez's authority, the head of Bihar's most successful kidnapping trade, which Ajay consolidates by killing smaller player and removing all competitors. The state's home minister's wife is caught on camera taking money and the scandal becomes the hottest news. The home minister offers Ajay to join him and leave Tabrez Alam; Ajay refuses. He then provides the taped conversation between him and Ajay to Tabrez to make a rift between them. Meanwhile, news correspondent Akash Ranjan calls a press conference to clarify the scandal involving the home minister inviting a discussion. Tabrez sends Ajay to kill Akash so that he would bring a no-confidence motion against the government, bringing its fall. He would come to power by taking advantage of the political instability. Ajay is contacted by SP Anwar Khan who makes him aware of Tabrez's real motive. Ajay reaches the press conference venue only to find that the real person behind the ongoing debate of bribery scandal is his father. He leaves without killing Akash Ranjan and is confronted by DSP Shukla sent by Tabrez to kill him. Ajay surrenders himself to SP Khan and gives his statement revealing everything after killing DSP Shukla. This report is presented to the home minister by the commissioner of police citing Tabrez Alam's arrest warrant. The home minister makes a deal with Tabrez Alam, citing the evidence against him and both join hands to form new government in the state with the help of their respective MLA support. SP Khan is sorry for Ajay as all his efforts are ruined by the political upheaval. Ajay goes home one last time with the help from SP Khan where he watches his father reminiscing about him and make amends with him after knowing how much he loved him. He goes back to prison where Tabrez comes to meet him after becoming the new home minister of the state. He gloats in front of Ajay at the jail, but Ajay has a gun. He shoots Tabrez after they converse for a while. In return, Tabrez's men shoot Ajay and the film ends."] ['Mukund  is hard working and intelligent young man, who is unable to find a job. He faces a lot of issues in his day to day life for the things which he has to depend on. Every public officer he meets like at electricity board, pension office etc. ask him for bribe to carry out the work. Enraged by this behavior and the corrupt political system he decides to fight against the system. He is helped by his girlfriend Lekha  and few friends. Based upon this help he applies for a government scheme in which the person is entitled for loan approval on getting a well dug. By bribing all the officers in the loop, he manages to get the loan approved without even digging the well. At the climax he files a case in the police station and court about his well getting stolen. At first he is held as a mad man, because a well, a solid structure can\'t be stolen. But then Mukund presents the proofs on the paper about the well being dug. The court has to accept the proof and declare that the well was indeed stolen. Mukund wins the Lawsuit. However Mukund rejects the decision by himself and explain the people the real situation and warns them about the current state of corruption in the country. The film ends on the note that "Today a well is proven to be stolen, Don\'t let the country to be proved stolen" as addressed by Mukund to the people.'] ["Tara , an aspiring actress and singer, and Nikhil play, a young professional in an advertising firm have been in a relationship since a few years. Kulbhushan Kharbanda is a taxi driver. Tara wants to cement their relationship by having him meet her parents as a commitment to a marriage. But Nikhil, who is workaholic and professionally ambitious, is always pre-occupied with his work. Saying that he is happy with the way things are between the two of them, he stashes away her proposal for marriage. Trouble brews between them when Nikhil constantly forgets little things about her and their relationship. He begins to take Tara, her family and friends for granted. When Tara cannot take this behavior of Nikhil anymore, she decides to take matters in her own hand. That's when a strange magical, mystical force intervenes, and what happens next forms the rest of the story."] ['Amarkant "Amar" Varma , an All-India Radio program executive living in Delhi, India, is dispatched to the troubled North-Eastern region of India to report from there on the situation pertaining to the approaching 50th Anniversary of Indian independence. There, he interviews a terrorist leader on his group\'s motivation and ethics. He then comes across Meghna  at a railway station and chats up with her. He excuses himself for a while, offering to get her a cup of tea, only to find her gone already on a train with three mysterious men. A few weeks after that meeting, he spots her again in a street and confronts her, but she resists and pretends not to recognise him. Amar then resorts to stalking and seeks her out near her place of dwelling and tells her he loves her "dil se" . To discourage him, Meghna tells him that she is married, and leaves. Amar feels embarrassed for flirting with a married woman, and sincerely wishes to apologize to her. He arranges a meeting with her to do so, but she brings two mysterious men with her, who subsequently take Amar away and beat him. This harsh experience invigorates Amar to find Meghna again. After finding out her plans to visit Ladakh, he follows her with the convenient excuse of reporting on the local festivities and she gives him the slip there too. As Amar heads home, he finds her on the same bus. He starts flirting with her and mocking her for having her supposed husbands beat him up. Then a security guard intercepts them and asks Amar his purpose for visiting Ladakh, and Amar tells him he was reporting on the festivities there. When it is Meghna\'s turn to answer, she tells him that she and Amar are together. The bus breaks down and the passengers are forced to walk a two-day journey to their destination. Amar nearly loses Meghna again but manages to get hold of her and confronts her, angered about the fact she had used him, before proceeding to accuse her of being a morally loose tease. She tells him her name and that the two men who beat him up were her brothers. Amar tries to aggressively force himself up on Meghna, which causes her a painful anxiety attack. During the pair\'s two day walk they have a whirlwind adventure through the desert. Though the two fall for each other, Meghna leaves Amar to return to the safety of Delhi alone. Upon his return, he finds that his family wants him to meet Preeti Nair , a potential bride. Amar and Preeti both agree to get married. Then Meghna shows up at Amar\'s house, on the day he is to be engaged to Preeti, and asks for a place to stay. Amar and his family let her stay at their house, and Amar arranges for a job for her at the radio station. It is later revealed that Meghna is a member of the terrorist/revolutionist group who are in to Delhi to assassinate the President at the Republic Day parade. Amar finds out about the plan and confronts her, Meghna\'s past is revealed in this confrontation as flash-backs of her parents being killed by Indian Army firing and her sister and her 12-year old self getting raped afterwards by members of Indian forces, these events drove her to become a part of the terrorist/revolutionary group, after this revelation she manages to escape again. Amar continues to pursue her, despite getting arrested by the police and getting beaten up repeatedly by her men. In the end, he finds Meghna and pleads her to not carry out the attack. She warns him to stay away from her, as she is afraid that he might activate the bomb in her vest. He then whispers in her ear, "If you won\'t come with me, take me with you." Meghna\'s intense inner struggle subsides; she embraces Amar and the bomb detonates, killing the two.'] ['The film opens with Munna Bhai , a dreaded Mumbai-streeted goon, on the chase to Pillai . Munna Bhai catches him, and Pillai tries to escape into Komal\'s  dancing class. Komal stops Munna from beating him up and makes him say sorry to Pillai. Munna straight-away falls in love with her without realizing that he is in love. Noticing that Munna Bhai seems to be ill, his sidekick takes him to Dr. Malhotra , whose diagnosis is that Munna Bhai is suffering from the "love virus" which can only be cured with love. He advises Munna Bhai to try to woo the girl with whom he is smitten. What Dr. Malhotra and Munna Bhai do not realize is that this girl is none other than the doctor\'s younger sister. Malhotra takes Komal abroad to get her married, unaware she is in love with Raja . Raja, in disguise fools Malhotra, and follows them abroad. Munna Bhai is then on gun-point by Pillai, and Raja saves him. Unaware of knowing they both love the same girl, Malhotra makes a torn between them, which ends up getting Raja beat up. Munna Bhai gets his gun out, but before Malhotra realizes what he has done, Komal jumps in to save Raja and is shot. Munna Bhai realizing his mistake, surrenders, and gives up the crime world, while Dr. Malhotra also realizes his mistake and lets Komal marry Raja.'] ['Moti  is a "gur"  trader who trades in the seasonal Gur made of Khajur" . During the off season, he meets a girl Phoolbanu, and falls in love with her. Moti approaches PhoolBanu\'s father, who asks for mehar which he does not have. Mejuben  a widow who is Moti\'s business associate prepares the Gur for him to sell. Her Gur  is very famous and people always prefer to buy from Moti. Moti decides to get married to Mejuben so that he does not have to pay her, and hence can save more and sooner. Mejuben, unaware of Moti\'s ulterior motive, is first surprised by the proposal but later accepts it. At the end of the season, Moti saves enough for the meher, and divorces Mejuben. This incident shocks Mejuben and people of the community. Moti meets Phoolbanu\'s father and asks again for his daughter\'s hand. Satisfied with the meher,he marries off his daughter to Moti. All is fine till the Gur season arrives. Phulbanu is terrible at making Gur, and Moti\'s customers stop buying from his shop. Meanwhile a fish trader asked Mejuben to marry him. He is honest with her to say that he has small children and wants Mejuben look after them. He always treats her with curtsy. It is almost the end of the Gur season, and Moti does not make good profit that year. He finally is left with no other option than to request Mejuben to make a few vats of Gur for him to sell. He takes two cans of date-nectar and approaches Mejuben at her husband\'s house to request her to make him some Gur to sell. He is followed by Phulbanu. At first Mejuben is very angry on seeing Moti but understands that he is in a pitiful condition. She also sees Phulbanu listening to everything from behind a fence. As the eyes of the two ladies meet they start weeping and hug each other. The movie ends with this scene leaving it unclear whether Mejuben prepared gur for Moti or whether she teaches Phulbanu how to prepare tasty gur. The second proposition seems plausible as in the end of the film Phulbanu had called Mejuben as \'Apa"  which was accepted by Mejuben and it is very possible that the whole issue got resolved and relations between Moti and Mejuben became better .Saudagar Synopsis, Review'] ["Jaiprakash Paswan aka Jai  and Janki Paswan ([[Tabu  are fighting a divorce case. Janki is the only daughter of Durgaprasad Bharadwaj , a staunch Brahmin businessman. Jaiprakash is an assistant dance director in films. The duo fell in love and married against the will of Durgaprasad. However, Janki buckled under the pressure of a middle-class life. Other differences cropped up between the couple and Janki walked out. The court grants the divorce. Jai is allowed to meet his beloved daughter Bharti  once a week. But when he sneaks into the Bharadwaj house to steal Bharti, he loses visitation rights. Meanwhile, Durgaprasad puts ads in local newspapers for a nanny for Bharti. Jai sees this as an opportunity and calls Durgaprasad. Impersonating a female, he introduces himself as 'Laxmi Godbole' and applies for the position. With the help of a drunkard makeup artist Joseph ([[Johnny Walker , Jai undergoes a complete transformation into Laxmi, a dignified elderly woman. He goes to the interview, where he is generally viewed as the last pick. But Bharti has an accident, and Laxmi acts promptly to give first aid. Laxmi gets the job and the respect of the Bharadwaj family. Jai begins the job, but creates plausible stories so that his real work schedule does not clash with the job in Bharadwaj's home. Apart from Joseph, only Bharti  knows the real identity of Laxmi. Jai learns that Durgaprasad's secretary Banwari  is not exactly thrilled at Laxmi's entry. The reasons are various, such as Banwari's womanizing nature  and his desire to siphon off Durgaprasad's money via friendly maids. Meanwhile, Durgaprasad decides to get Janki remarried to Dr. Rohit , her childhood friend. One day, when Janki and Rohit get attacked by goons in the market, the doctor scampers. Laxmi saves Janki's life and modesty. Later, Durgaprasad tells Laxmi that he has changed his mind about the marriage on learning of Rohit's cowardice. Laxmi also exposes the thefts committed by the maid in the Bharadwaj house. The maid is fired. Banwari has no other option but to let a male cook be appointed instead. Jai runs into his old friend Siraj , a Muslim restaurant chef who is now doing menial jobs. Laxmi introduces Siraj to the Bharadwaj household as Pandit Shivraj Sharma, a mute Brahmin cook. Interestingly, even Siraj does not know that Laxmi and Jai are the same person. Jai learns that although Janki likes Laxmi, who by now has earned the affectionate title of Chachi , she still loathes Jai. Meanwhile, Jai has other problems in his own home. His landlord Haribhai  is after him for his rent. After he sees Laxmi, Haribhai falls for her. As if that is not enough, a struggler named Ratna  tries to cozy up to Jai. Meanwhile, Durgaprasad also falls for Laxmi and goes to the extent of proposing to her. Jai, as Laxmi, buys time by telling Durgaprasad that 'she' is married but 'her' husband has left 'her' and got converted into a Christian named Joseph. Laxmi also convinces Durgaprasad that 'she' is still waiting for 'her' husband. On the other hand, Jai tells Haribhai that Banwari is Laxmi's husband Durgaprasad. He also tells Haribhai to harbour no feelings for Laxmi. At same time, Jai tells Banwari that Laxmi's husband has converted and calls himself Haribhai. Banwari intensifies his efforts to discredit Laxmi in the eyes of Durgaprasad and Janki but in vain. Meanwhile, Janki and Durgaprasad realize that they have punished Jai too hard for all the things he has done. Banwari gets a small victory when he blows Siraj's cover. But Laxmi makes Durgaprasad see sense that religion and caste do not matter. Durgaprasad shows mercy on Siraj, giving a verdict that the cook can stay and need not put up his act anymore. However, now Durgaprasad ends up hurting Janki's feelings. Banwari and Janki see that there is something fishy about Laxmi. Meanwhile, Siraj tries to force Laxmi to marry Durgaprasad. Siraj threatens 'her' by covering himself in kerosene, which forces Jai to reveal himself. But, owing to a misunderstanding about this scene, Banwari is able to convince Janki that Laxmi Chachi is a promiscuous woman who is seducing the cook as well as Durgaprasad. Janki, who is very hurt by the turn of events, leaves her father's home and goes to reconcile with Jai. But on seeing Ratna waiting for him, and Laxmi Chachi's clothes strewn about his home, Janki gets the wrong idea that her husband is also promiscuous. Janki goes to commit suicide. Jai/Laxmi follows on a motorcycle and jumps into the river to save her. There, Jai/Laxmi reveals his/'her' true self. Janki hears the whole story and reconciles with him. They come up with a story that Laxmi died trying to save Janki. To tie up other loose ends, they convince Banwari that Laxmi is dead. They threaten and blackmail Banwari with his secrets to ensure his silence. They tell Haribhai to let it go. Joseph almost accidentally betrays some part of the truth, but Jai hushes up the matter by saying that Laxmi will always remain alive in the hearts of everybody who knew her."] ["Ramachandramoorthy or Ram.C.M alias Ram  is a pilot based in Canada and an irredeemable skirt-chaser. In course of a midair hijack situation, he meets Mythili ([[Simran . Mythiil and Ram thwart the hijack and save the plane. They fall in love and get married. After marriage Ram quits his playboy character and remain faithful to his wife. Ram's four closest buddies Ayyappan Nair , Vedantham  Iyer , Ganesh Hegde  and Hanumanth Reddy ([[Sriman  are present at the wedding — minus their wives. One day, when Ram helps Nirmala   from abstaining her from suicide, Mythili misinterprets and presumes that he is two-timing her, and flies off to India to her parents' home. And Ram goes chasing after. Further misunderstanding occurs when he goes to meet Mythilli, drunk and in the middle of the night goes to another house downstairs of Mythili's house. To take his mind off Mythili for a while, his four friends drive him down to Bangalore and fix him up in a room, complete with call girl Maragadavalli alias Maggi . Ram won't have any of it. He gets into a fight with Maggi, then dashes over to his friends' room. To salvage the situation, Iyer hurries off to Ram's room and finds Maggi dead. Panicking, Nair, Iyer, Hegde and Reddy decide to get rid of the body in spite of Ram’s pleas to call the police. They manage to roll the dead body in a blanket and carry it over to their car. A mysterious ‘Sardar’  watches over this. The friends dispose of the body in a dry river and drive over to Chennai to lead their normal lives. Ram discovers a cache of diamonds inside the dead girl's cell phone and spoils the plans of the Sardar to steal them. Meanwhile, Mythili is goaded by her parents to give Ram one more chance and she arrives at Ram’s house. In the tussle with the Sardar, Ram removes the Sardars hat and mythili mistakes the Sardars long hair for a girl and leaves Ram once again. The Sardar manages to escape. The friends get very nervous when they learn of a news article regarding the discovery of a dead body in the same area that they disposed off their dead body. A traditional festival  has the wives of the four friends plan a party. While planning, Mythili overhears a conversation among them regarding their husband’s friends Ram’s fight with a Sardar and how his wife thought that it was a girl he was having an affair with. Mythili reveals her identity to the wives and gets invited to the party to be rejoined with Ram. As everyone is present in the party, a twist comes when the supposedly 'dead Maggi' lands up, demanding her diamonds back. She then reveals the truth. The diamonds belongs to her diamond smuggling boss  and she had stolen it from him. She saw an opportunity to make everyone believe she is dead when Ram’s friend mistakes ketchup to be blood and thinks that she was dead. The dead body belonged is of her boss's girlfriend that she killed and managed to get into the blanket when the friends weren’t looking. Ram with help from his friends, and the Sardar, who happens to be an undercover police officer trying to find the diamonds, saves everyone from Maggi and her boss. Mythilli, promises to change her over suspicious ways and both get back together. The movie ends with Ram asking if he could get the same attention his son is getting."] [" A young couple, Ganga  and Nakulan , arrives at the ancestral home tharavadu called Madampalli of the latter. Hailing from a family that follows tradition and superstitions, Nakulan's uncle Thampi  objects to the couple's idea of moving into the allegedly haunted mansion, which Nakulan ignores. The couple moves in anyway following which seemingly supernatural events begin to happen. The mansion that Nakulan and Ganga are living in was occupied in ancient times by Sankaran Thampi, a cruel ancestor and karanavar  of the tharavadu. In his heydays, he had imprisoned a famous Bharatnatyam dancer Nagavalli, from Tamil Nadu. She was in love with Ramanathan, a dancer. Learning of their affair and their plan to elope Sanakran Thampi murders Nagavalli in her room at the mansion. Legend has it that on the eighth day of the Durgashtami , Nagavalli returned as a blood-thirsty spirit, intent on killing the chieftain and to drink his blood. With the aid of sorcerers Thampi somehow escaped from wrath of Nagavalli and her spirit was locked up in a section at the mansion . Sankaran Thampi also commits suicide and his spirit is also locked up in the Thekkini. Both spirits are believed to be haunting the Thekkini where they are locked up by means of an ornate enchanted lock called . After moving in and mostly out of curiosity, Ganga manages to unlock the Thekkini, only to find ancient valuables such as jewellery, etc. Upon learning about the unlocking of the Thekkini, fearing the spirits are on the loose, Nakulan's uncle Thampi and family move in to the mansion to try and re-seal the Thekkini lock, while also looking out for Nakulan and Ganga. However, various unclear sightings of a woman are witnessed around the mansion, along with attempted attacks on various people at the mansion, including Nakulan and Ganga. While most of the family including Thampi believe that Nagavalli's ghost roams the mansion, Nakulan, disapproving of supernatural theories, suspects Sreedevi of being mentally ill, hence orchestrating the incidents at the mansion. Hearing of this, Thampi and the family fear that Sreedevi might be possessed by Nagavalli's spirit. Sreedevi , Nakulan's cousin and Thampi's daughter, according to tradition, was to be married to Nakulan; however, after finding that Sreedevi had an ominous horoscope, Nakulan's mother withdrew from this proposal, and got Nakulan married to Ganga; later, Sreedevi entered a marriage which was short-lived. Sreedevi's tragic history, along with her perceived gloominess, and her being the only person present during an attack on Ganga, lays cause for suspicion of her. Dr. Sunny Joseph , a brilliant yet frolicsome Psychiatrist and Nakulan's close friend is called in to investigate. Soon enough Sunny finds out that Nakulan's conclusions are not as obvious and he uncovers a plan to commit a murder during the upcoming Durgashtami Festival. Sunny's trained psychiatric mind begins to suspect that Ganga could well be the Ghost of Madampilly. He investigates Ganga's history. Ganga grew up in a highly superstitious family and had partaken in various religious rituals. She was unable to come to grips with the fact that her parents were moving the family to Calcutta and chose to stay in the ancestral house, instead. It was a period of great emotional and psychological turmoil for her, and she became afflicted with multiple personality disorder. Madampilly with its share of superstitions and dark tales evokes memories of the olden days in her, and she slowly develops the personality of Nagavalli after having sympathised with her. Meanwhile, Thampi, having lost faith in Sunny, calls in renowned tantric expert Brahmadattan Namboothiripad  to rid his family of the supernatural menace. As fate has it, both the Namboothirippad and Sunny are old acquaintances and mutually admire each others' expertise in their respective fields. At his own risk, Sunny reveals the secret to Nakulan and Ramanathan. In one of the more memorable scenes of the movie, Ganga also gets to know about her illness during a manifestation of her hidden personality, that of Nagavalli. Sunny, with help of the Namboothirippad, plans an elaborate Tantric ceremony to invoke Ganga's Nagavalli persona and make it believe that it will kill Sankaran Thampi. The plan is put into action and in a fiery climax, the blood thirsty Nagavalli exacts revenge on the cruel Karanavar. Ganga wakes up from her hypnotic sleep and learns that she is completely cured of the illness. Sunny expresses his intent to marry Sridevi, and they all drive off happily."] ['The movie is about an average police officer who mistakenly believes he has a fatal disease and is about to die soon. He eyes the insurance payout his family would get if he dies in action and embarks on impossible missions to get himself killed in action. Little does he know that the diagnosis is wrong and he is in fact healthy. The movie comically chronicles his new found bravado.'] ["6 Alvarez House in Bandra, Mumbai, is the residence of myopic, widowed, devout Hindu, Satyabol Shashtri , who lives there with his daughter, Shivani . Shivani is in love with her Christian neighbor, Arjun Fernandes , who is a mechanic and lives with his wanna-be singer sister, Julie , and a younger ailing sister, Titli. Satyabol disapproves of Arjun and wants his daughter to get married to Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale's son. Other than Satyabol chasing Badshah, the pet dog of Arjun, and ending up in the woman's bathroom, the area is fairly peaceful. Then arjun and his friends try to think of a plan to stop sarju from marrying his son to shivani but cannot so arjun calls his cousin Kishan To help them. Kishan comes in the disguise of sarju maharaj banaraswale by tricking the real sarju into getting of the and as soon as he gets of the train some goons who think he is a relative of kishan catch him and take him to find out where kishan is. Meanwhile kishan becomes sarju and convinces satyabol shashtri that his  son is not good for his daughter by dancing in the bar and kissing Julie who was in the act then shashtri says to the fake sarju that he does not want to marry his daughter to sarju's son and that he can go now so having finished his mission kishan prepares to leave when arjun tells him to stay back as he loves julie but kishan refuses saying that he is not destined for julie then after arjun goes and Rana turns up with the real sarju but when kishan says that all the is with sarju they leave kishan and run after sarju while kishan escaped, disguised himself as a woman named sunaina and said 'she' was arjun's aunty and soon shashtri falls into love with her.Then in the neighbourhood also comes Matha prasad who runs a dairy farm And moonlights as the hit man Of Bangkok based underworld Don, Carlos. And the once honest cop mane  Team up with carlo's girlfriend sania Is on the lookout for hidden diamonds And facing bankruptcy - Carlos himself - As they face off in One of the most hilarious stand-offs to seek wealth and to fulfill their individual dreams."] ["Desperate to earn money to support his extended family, Mohan becomes entangled in a web of deceit when he tells a lie in order to obtain a secretarial job in the city with the wealthy Mr Rai. He says he isn't married, but he is. Mr Rai has a daughter with a heart condition. In the beginning of the film she uses a wheelchair, but Mohan has more than a mild therapeutic effect on her. She is soon up and running - running after him. Meanwhile, back in the village, the money he has been sending home is being filched by his greedy sister. Soon, mother, wife and a flock of children come looking for him and Mohan finds himself leading a double life in an increasingly desperate effort to avoid all parties learning the truth."] ["Raja Saab  is an aged powerful and greedy owner of a coal mine. He treats the miners very poorly. He prefers to eat diamonds, for which he punishes Raja's father and steal diamonds from his father. Raja comes across the beautiful Gauri  and intends to marry her. He sends her a marriage proposal along with a picture of his mute slave Shankar . Gauri falls in love with Shankar's picture and starts dreaming of her life as his bride. On the wedding day, she discovers that she is marrying Raja and faints. Raja takes her to his room and tries to have sex with her but she refuses and Raja locks her away. Gauri attempts to commit suicide but is stopped by Shankar - she is angry with him at this point as she believes he was part of Raja's plan. One night Raja's secretary Bindya  is raped by Raja's brother Brijwa but Shankar rescues her and Brijwa informs Raja that Shankar tried to rape her. Bindya is sold to a brothel. Gauri's brother comes to rescue Gauri but is murdered by Raja - before dying he asks Shankar to run away with his sister. Shankar and Gauri escape to the mountains and Raja and his men go in search of them. When they find them, Raja pushes Shankar off a cliff and sells Gauri to the brothel with Bindya. Shankar survives his fall and is operated on by a doctor who finds Shankar is not mute by birth. Shankar reveals that when he was a child, two men killed his parents in front of him and when he threatened to expose them, someone came behind him and stuffed coal in his throat, thereby depriving him of his voice. Shankar returns to the town to find Gauri. He sees her being sold to two men who he recognises as the men who killed his parents. He runs into Brijwa and murders him. He is then able to kill the two men who have taken Gauri but not before discovering that Raja had in fact sent them to murder his parents. Shankar finds Raja the next day and sets him on fire, killing him. Shankar and Gauri then reconcile."] ["Vijay  and Ravi  are best friends who do not question each other about their careers. Vijay is a police officer and Ravi is a lawyer; while the former catches criminals, the latter bails those criminals out and is employed by Daaga . One day, both Vijay and Ravi meet Sheetal  at different places and times, and both fall in love with her. Vijay's love is more serious. Ravi admits his love for Sheetal to Vijay who is devastated but decides to sacrifice his love for Ravi's sake. However, there is a misunderstanding when Daaga decides to stir up Vijay and Ravi's friendship by showing Ravi a photo of Vijay and Sheetal. Vijay and Ravi become rivals for the first time. The rest of the movie looks at the conflict between the trio."] ["Padmini is a rich girl who falls in love with a middle class photographer Mithun. Her parents initially disagree for the marriage but the daughter manages to make them ready for the marriage. Padmini's father Danny Dengzongpa makes Mithun a top class photographer and his salary gets an increment. Later Mithun discovers that Danny has made his promotion and this has hurt his self-respect. Padmini and Mithun separate. Padmini and Mithun both still love each other, but Danny makes them have a divorce due to misunderstandings caused by him. Padmini is then found to be pregnant with Mithun's child. Danny doesn't tell this to Mithun, Danny takes Padmini to the Shimla for the delivery so that nobody finds that she gave birth to a baby. There in hospital Danny meets Mithun and tells him about the baby, Danny agrees to give the baby to Mithun but later refuses and keeps the baby in an orphanage. Mithun follows him there and takes his baby from the orphanage. The story moves forward for some years and Padmini doesn't believe that her baby is dead and goes mad due to this, she is seeming a doll as a baby. Her parents get worried, and Padmini shows improvement when she sees a photograph which she clicked in shimla when she was with Mithun. So the parents take her to Shimla for some time. Mithun lives in Shimla and has brought up his child. The child sees Padmini and identifies her as his mother. He goes to her and brings her to Mithun and they solve their misunderstandings. Both live happily with their child."] ["After her husband Raj  is murdered, Kamlesh  receives a shock and doesn't speak for days. The cause of this is that she indeed witnessed her husband's murder. But who did murder Raj? Was it really the politician Somnath  who fell in love with Kamlesh and wanted to marry her? Was it a plot created by Somnath's rival candidate Mohanbhai  to win the elections? Or was it Kamlesh herself who wanted to leave Raj and run off with Somnath? It's up to CBI Inspector Kumar  to find out."] ["Two friends, Arjun Singh  and Pyare Mohan , are in the police force. Arjun's sister Seema  is in love with Pyare. Arjun has no female companion and some petty comments are made about his age. The villain Zorawar  runs a business smuggling arms and diamonds, under a cover of being a statue maker. Zorawar appears terrified of the police, but the mood seems to come and go: When it comes to snuffing one out, he has no problem doing so. Once, in a hotel, he discovers that he is being spied upon and along with the cop spying on him, he also gets rid of an eyewitness, played by Divya Dutta . But there's another: Neha , a friend of the first eyewitness, who happens to see her friend die. Scared, and with the gangsters after her, she calls the police station and asks for Pyare, but since he is not there, Arjun is asked to go to her, and masquerade as Pyare, who had been described as a very good person to Neha by her dead friend. In a considerable amount of confusion, he takes her to Pyare's house and even ges to the extent of asking Pyare to masquerade as Arjun Singh. As Arjun and Pyare exchange places and get busy trying to protect Neha, a hilarious riot starts when in pop two petty thieves who look exactly like Arjun and Pyare.. They call themselves Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan. Arjun and Pyare are blamed for every crime the crooks commit and things aren't helped when Shyamlal, Anupam Kher, the police commissioner, is also thrashed by the doubles. Also, Arjun and Pyare are blamed for stealing a diamond from a bank and even messing up a security operation for Madhuri Dixit , all of these acts having been committed by Bade and Chote Miyan, masquerading as Arjun Singh and Pyare Mohan. Matters are not helped when even Bade and Chote are mistaken for Arjun and Pyare by Seema and Neha, thus completing the confusion. Further trouble arrives when Zorawar kidnaps Seema and asks for the diamond and Neha in return. Arjun and Pyare, who have been arrested, are saved by the arrival of Bade Miyan and Chote Miyan who explain their acts of theft and conning and promise to get Neha and Seema back. They then, along with the commissioner stage a dance program at Zorawar's hideout. When Arjun and Pyare don't arrive on their call, they are asked to dance continuously at gunpoint by Zorawar and nearly pass out doing so, when Arjun and Pyare arrive and everyone at the hideout is arrested. The crooks leave after apologising to Neha and Seema for the confusion However, some of Zorawar's men, hijack the police van which is to take Zorawar and his associates to jail. They are stopped on the way by Bade and Chote, asking for a lift. The latter realise who really is in the van and proceed to badly thrash Zorawar and his men and return him to jail. Arjun and Pyare are badly criticised for their mistake regarding the hijacking of the van and the two crooks are given a job in the police force by the commissioner himself. The film ends with Arjun and Pyare ending up being demoted to the post of traffic police officers and Bade and Chote Miyan taking their place as police inspectors. {{cite web}}"] ["Priya  is a movie star, who is exploited by her producer Janardhan . Janardhan has such a tight control over Priya's financial and personal affairs that he even refuses to let her get married to her boyfriend Bharat . Just before she flies off to Singapore  for a film shoot, Priya seeks the help of Lawyer Ganesh  to assist her in getting rid of Janardhan. How Ganesh helps Priya overcome her problems accounts for the rest of this movie, which includes a side story of Ganesh falling in love with a Malay-Indian girl."] ["Vaidehi  lives with her husband Raghu . On the outside, she lives a sophisticated life, but behind closed doors, her husband is abusive and has extramarital affairs. When she takes a stand for herself, she is banished from the household. She goes back to her parents' house in but they too reject her. Vaidehi soon finds out that she is pregnant. Raghu gets into a car accident, which results in him being unable to father a child. When he discovers that Vaidehi is pregnant, he calls her, faking remorse, and asks for her to return. Vaidehi agrees, thinking Raghu has amended himself. Raghu and his father plot for the child to become their heir and if Vaidehi intervenes, she will be killed. Meanwhile,Vaidehi is informed by a friend about Raghu's true intentions, and so,she escapes from his henchmen. She is helped by Raju , a petty, but, kindhearted thief. He hears Vaidehi's story and gives her money from his heist to help. To hide from Raghu and his henchmen, Vaidehi gatecrashes a wedding procession. At the wedding, she meets Maithili , a bride-to-be from a middle-class family. Maithili is marrying a man who hails from a rich background. The two women witness Maithili's father being hassled by demands for an opulent wedding,which he cannot afford, and is forced to pay dowry. Vaidehi tries to convince Raju to give his money from the heist. He initially refuses but changing his mind, he returns to give his heist money to Vaidehi. The groom's friend attempts rape on Maithili. Having tolerated enough, she degrades the groom's family and they flee from the wedding. Meanwhile, Vaidehi is found by Raghu, and forced into going with him. On the way, they encounter a protest mob. Raghu gets out of the car, which gives Vaidehi the chance to escape. She arrives in Haripur, a small town, where she meets Janki, a theatre actress in love with her colleague. Janki is pregnant, but not married. She doesn't care for society's norms. She is lusted after by the theatre director, Puroshottam , an older man who keeps his wife, Lata , confined to their house. Puroshottam talks against janaki to her lover, which creates a rift between them. Janki is outraged messes up a scene, during a performance of the Ramayan. This leads to an outcry from the audience, and she is assaulted by the audience, leading her to have a miscarriage. Vaidehi confronts Puroshottam, who threatens to call her husband. However, Lata intervenes and takes Vaidehi to the station and puts her on a train. The train is robbed by bandits but the passengers are saved by Bulwa , a local dacoit. Vaidehi faints at the sight of blood, and Bulwa takes her to the local midwife, Ramdulaari . Ramdulaari bravely opposes the village leaders Virendra  and Gajendra  who exploit innocent women, young and old. When her educated son, who is trying to educate the villagers against the wishes of Virendra and Gajendra, falls in love with Gajendra's daughter, all hell breaks loose. Gajendra, slyly, locks Ramdulaari in her house and sets out to find her son. When her son runs away with Sushma , Virendra and Gajendra, along with their goons, rape Ramdulaari and burn her alive. In a fit of rage, Bhulva and his goons, kill virendra and his goons. Vaidehi escapes with Sushma and Ramdulaari's son. Gajendra is making a move into politics, so when he is applauded by the local authorities, Vaidehi intervenes and exposes Gajendra as a rapist and fraud through a heart-wrenching speech, which drives all the woman in the audience to assault Gajendra, who is later killed by Bhulva. the speech changes Raghu's attitude towards Vaidehi and he decides to mend his ways. The two return to New York as a proper married couple. Vaidehi gives birth to a daughter who is named Ramdulaari. She meets Raju again, who is now a taxi driver and married to Maithili. She invites him to a charity dance show with Janki in the main role, wherein, all the money from her shows goes to fund women's organizations in India."] ['Ever since his son died in a car accident six years ago, Dr. Ranveer  has been very protective of his daughter Ria . While walking home on a rainy night from college, Ria gets frightened as a gang of motorists zoom by her, making her drop her umbrella. She yells at them until they stop feet away and when one of the men ([[John Abraham  removes his helmet and walks over to Ria, helping her picks up her wet notebooks. On another day Ria and her friends go to a club and the man who had helped Ria approaches her while at the bar. She is surprised to meet him again and is stunned when he tells her that he has been thinking about her ever since that rainy night. He forces her to dance, and there she feels something for him then but she does not want to admit it. Dr. Ranveer shows up asking for Ria. The man introduces himself as Aryan before she leaves. Dr. Ranveer wants to take Ria home. Aryan goes with his friends to a brothel where a prostitute named Saira teases Aryan and angers him when she asks him to sleep with her to which he refuses. He takes her in a dark room where she thinks they are going to have sex, but Aryan brutally beats her up. Dr. Ranveer is called to the hospital to treat her. The next morning, Aryan walks into Ria\'s class and takes her to his place where he shows her a portrait he made of her the first night they met. When she tells him it\'s beautiful, more beautiful than her, he lights it on fire and tells her that there\'s nothing in the world that is better than her. She runs out of his apartment terrified, but realizes that she\'s fallen in love with him. They begin to spend time together and he asks her if they can meet the next day. Ria walks into her house joyous and totally in love where she learns that her parents have planned a surprise vacation to a cabin they rented for four days. Ria tells her parents that she does not want to miss out on any school, but they assure her she will not. They go to the cabin and Ria thinks about Aryan, who is at his house looking gradually at the clock as hours pass by waiting for Ria. He then smashes his clock in rage. Ria cleans around the cabin and looks out the window to see Aryan. She rushes outside to look for him but does not see him, until he strangles her saying that she deceived him and was trying to get away from him. He lets her go and she explains she left for her father\'s happiness and explains the horrific day of the car accident six years ago that hospitalized Dr. Ranveer for six months but killed her brother. Aryan apologizes and tells her that her father only has a place in her heart and that he has everything else. They spend the next three days together and Dr. Ranveer spots them together at Aryan\'s place. He takes Ria home and tells her to call him over for tea. She is thrilled and when Aryan comes over, he makes a good impression on her mother , but not her father and Aryan tells Ria that he sensed that. Dr. Ranveer tells his wife that he\'s seen Aryan somewhere before and that it is something disturbing. Aryan tries to steal a car with his friends so that they can sell it for money. But one of his friends gets injured in the process. They take him to the hospital. Dr. Ranveer tells the prostitute Saira that her wounds will heal eventually and then she spots Aryan, who is stunned to see Dr. Ranveer treating Saira, but he does not see Aryan. Saira tries to tell Dr. Ranveer that Aryan beat her, but Dr. Ranveer does not see Aryan\'s face. One day while trying to find a colleague\'s phone number, Dr. Ranveer finds an old article about Aryan saying that he killed his own father and he shows Ria and his wife. Ria confronts Aryan about this, and he tells her that he did kill his father for the sake of his mother. His father used to drink and beat Aryan\'s mother everyday and one day from college he finds out that his mother had died. So he burnt his father alive. Ria apologizes and they make up. She tries to explain to her father, but he refuses to believe Aryan\'s innocence, pointing that he was still a killer. Ria then yells at her father saying that he\'s so over-protective just because his son died, and that he\'s making everyone miserable and Ria\'s mother slaps her and Ria tells them that she hates them. Dr. Ranveer decides to dig deeper and finds out that Aryan\'s mother is alive and the reason Aryan killed his father was because Aryan was in love with his college teacher named Sanjana. She was leaving the city and getting married when Aryan goes to her house and tries to kill. His father intervenes with the police and Aryan is locked up in his room. Sanjana stops by his house to thank his father and she leaves, and Aryan snaps. The parents see a fire starting inside Aryan\'s room. His father busts through the door where Aryan hurls him into the fire. Dr. Ranveer devises a plan to lure Aryan into believing that Sanjana is back to warn Ria about Aryan and he finds out that it was just a trick to show Ria his true self. Ria feels horrible that she trusted and loved someone like him and Aryan gets dragged away by the police for attempting to kill "Sanjana", who was really Ria\'s friend. A while later, Dr. Ranveer gets a call saying that Aryan has escaped from prison. Ria tells her parents that he knows they are at the factory and will come and get her and if she refuses to leave with him, he will kill her. Aryan arrives with his friends and breaks into the factory. Aryan sends his men to look for the family, kill the parents and bring Ria to him so that he could kill her himself. Dr. Ranveer kills the men one by one and when he confronts Aryan, Dr. Ranveer and Aryan fight until Aryan knocks him unconscious. Aryan goes after Ria & her mother. He is about to hit Ria when Dr. Ranveer comes from behind and attacks Aryan. Aryan breaks off a plank of wood and hits Dr. Ranveer and then goes after Ria and her mother. Dr. Ranveer pulls an anchor attached to a rope which goes through Aryan, killing him. The next morning Dr. Ranveer drops Ria off at college and tells her that she needs to be strong and not think of this again. She runs into her friends who joke and laugh with her as Dr. Ranveer looks at his daughter smiling and he wipes away a tear from his eye, knowing that everything is back to normal.'] ['Darna Mana Hai interweaves six stories into one film. Seven friends get stuck in the middle of a forest when their car breaks down, and they find refuge in an abandoned house. To keep each other amused, they tell each other horror and supernatural stories that they have heard over a bonfire. Shruti  is the bravest of the lot and seems unafraid of any of the stories that are told.  The first story revolves around a married couple, Karan  and Anjali , who get stuck in the middle of a forest. After their car suddenly stops, Karan gets out to investigate the problem. After his disappearance and his constant cries for help from the desolated forest, Anjali gets out and runs into the forest to rescue him. She finds Karan\'s torch covered in blood and is stalked by an unseen person or supernatural being. Panicking, Anjali runs around and finds a hand reaching out of a swamp. She then becomes terrified to find that the hand is wearing a watch identical to her husband\'s. After failed attempts to rescue him, the hand disappears. Someone creeps up on her and as Anjali screams, it turns out to be Karan. Karan seems completely normal and fine while Anjali, whimpering, attempts to tell him that she heard him screaming. However, Karan tells her that he heard her screams from the forest when he went to retrieve water. She looks at the torch she found, which is suddenly clean of the blood it was covered in. She then hurries back to the car with Karan, telling him to get them both out of there. After quickly fixing the car problem with the water, Karan and the panicked Anjali climb into the car and drive off. After seeing Anjali\'s anxious and worried state, Karan puts his arm around her as she leans on him and closes her eyes. He then smirks and looks into the rearview mirror of the car, in which his reflection is not visible and Anjali seems to be leaning on nothing. This conveys that he did die in the swamp and is now a ghost. After this story, one of the friends around the bonfire go into the forest.  The second story is about a photographer, Anil , who checks into an inn while on his way to Mumbai. The manager and owner  of the lodge is a strange and eccentric man who insists that smoking is strongly prohibited in his inn. When Anil tries to go outside for a smoke, the man restricts him, telling him about the diseases that come along with smoking. The owner then locks Anil inside the lodge and tells him that in a matter of months, he can cure his smoking addiction. The owner takes Anil to a basement of sort and shows him piles of dead bodies, telling him that he tried to prevent them but these people would not stop smoking. After a few months, Anil is now seen working at the lodge, acting strange and eccentric himself. When a customer walks in smoking and asks him for a room, Anil tells him that smoking is strongly prohibited and then proceeds to shoot the man with a gun. The story ends with Anil and the owner sitting together, smiling and watching T.V., when an ad against smoking runs as a commercial. This story is similar to the story sung in The Eagles\' Hotel, California. It also shares many thematic elements with Alfred Hitchcock\'s thriller Psycho. After this story, a second friend in the group around the bonfire goes into the forest.  The third story is that of a school teacher, . He confronts a strange student, Pramila, who is always punished for not completing her homework. Later, she suddenly becomes a bright student and starts doing her homework regularly. But ironically, on her homework, the teacher sees that she has drawn an , depicting the sign of God. This disturbs him and causes him to act strangely. After a few weeks, he decides to go to Pramila\'s house. Pramila\'s mother confronts him and he explains that he once murdered a bright classmate in jealousy and thinks Pramila is a reincarnation of that classmate. He says that she drew the Om sign to prove it. By the end of the story, the teacher loses his sanity. After this story is told, the third friend in the group also enters the forest.  The fourth story centers on a housewife , who buys mysterious apples from a strange vendor . When she gets home, her husband  eats one of the apples and finds it very tasty. The wife worries that something might happen to him after eating the apples, as she finds the vendor very suspicious. The next morning, when she wakes up, she is shocked to find an apple next to her instead of her husband. She is even more shocked when she realizes that her husband has turned into an apple after eating it. She runs outside and is astonished to see apples everywhere on the ground, after every person who has eaten them turned into them. The vendor then appears with an evil look, offering her his last apple for free.  In the fifth story an elderly man named John  is standing at a graveyard. A young man in sunglasses, Amar , drives by and gives John a lift. Amar asks John why he was at the graveyard, as he thinks that John\'s wife is dead so he might have come to visit her grave. But John says that it is actually he who is dead. Amar dismisses it as a joke. After some more conversation, Amar gets irritated by John\'s strange behavior. Amar then stops the car, gets out and asks John to get out. John then explains that he works for MTV Bakra  and Amar is the first person not to get scared. Amar says that he was not scared because he knew beforehand that John was not a ghost. He says that he knew this because he himself is a ghost. John thinks that Amar is now trying to play a prank to get back at him. Amar then takes off his sunglasses, revealing that his eyes are hollow. When John sees this, he dies of shock. Back to the friends around the bonfire, one by one, each friend had gone into the forest after each story was told. After the fifth story, only two friends are left, as none of the five have returned. The two of them start talking about other things when a man suddenly appears, sitting at a corner. The strange man  approaches the two and tells them that he has heard the five stories. He asks the boy out of the two friends to tell a story and narrates the following.  The sixth and final story is about a young student, Purab , and his love interest, Abhilasha . Purab contemplates suicide because Abhilasha rejects his advances and nobody else in his college likes him either. He sadly rants about not being special in front of an idol. Later, he discovers that he has developed an extraordinary ability - he can immobilize a particular person just by saying “Stop” to them. Purab uses his ability to freeze Abhilasha, and later imitates it to her by immobilizing a number of students in their college. Abhilasha, frightened of Purab\'s power, agrees to date him. Thereafter, Purab goes to his house and uses his power on his father on the way to his room. In his room, he, in delight of his ability, starts making plans to use his power. As he looks into the mirror, he says "Stop", which freezes him on the spot. His father finds him like that in his room, with a victorious smile frozen on his face. He is immediately rushed to the hospital but nothing can be done for him now.  The strange man tells the two friends that it is his turn now to tell a story. He tells them a story that they are partly familiar with. His story is the following: A group of seven friends are travelling when their car breaks down one night. They seek shelter under a ruined shack and start telling stories to each other to kill time. After each story, one friend in the group  goes out into the forest and gets killed, one by one, until only two are left. The two friends that are left stop telling stories to each other and the killer, who is now bored, comes out to them. The killer appears to be the very same strange man that is narrating this story. He says that his only reason for the murders is fear because he cannot stand it and would kill anyone who is scared. The man then kills the boy. The girl, Shruti , runs into the forest as fast as she can but the killer catches up with her and stabs her. She manages to kill the man before falling unconscious. When day breaks, Shruti awakes and walks up to the main road to find that the place is swarming with police and her friends\' bodies are being taken into ambulances. Then she sees the killer standing by a car, smiling. Shruti points at the man and tries to tell the police that he is the murderer, but the police take no notice of her and appear not to hear her. The killer then points at a body, which she shockingly discovers to be her own. She realizes that she too is dead and is now a ghost, and watches their bodies being taken away with tears in her eyes. As she is watching, she is soon joined by the ghosts of her friends and the killer.'] ["Ray Acharya , a struggling photographer has nothing going for him… until he inherits a very ‘special’ camera from his grandfather who was a scientist. Then his life changes in a way that he could not have imagined in his wildest dreams. The photographs produced by the camera predict the future. Ray uses the camera to obtain winning lottery numbers, winning horses, and also stock prices. His life becomes one big roller coaster ride that takes him from rags to riches and also helps him meet the love of his life, Simi , an exciting DJ with a mind of her own. However Captain  finds out and chases Ray to get the camera for himself. Security authorities also chase Ray as they are aware that Ray's grandfather was trying to create a camera that can predict the future. The chase leads them to Bangkok where the climax was shot.{{cite web}}"] ["The story revolves around two childhood friends Arjun  and Mannu  who have some music lineage in their family history. Arjun dreams of being on stage as a performer in the music industry, to live up to his grandfather's unfulfilled ambitions. Mannu however has little interest in his music tutor father's instruments and is content with remaining a child at heart with a simpleton attitude. Through the course of the film, Arjun diligently pursues his dream, at one point almost leaving an uncle who is his only family. He finally makes it to London where he believes he can succeed. Arjun creates a fledgling band with Zoheb and Wasim , two brothers who duped their relatives in Pakistan to travel to London in pursuit of their musical aspirations. He also brings aboard Priya , a music enthusiast from a conservative South Indian family. The other protagonist of the movie, Mannu, is shown to be trying to make his livelihood by playing as a wedding band performer at the village back in India. Arjun eventually invites Mannu to London to complete his band contrary to his own belief that the latter could create competition within the band. Upon forming the band, Mannu is shown to have musical talent and the qualities of an entertainer. He therefore becomes popular with the audiences with his unique style of performing. This is in contrast to the earlier part of the film where Arjun struggles to captivate the attention of the crowd despite the music. Arjun starts feeling envious of the rising success of Mannu. As a further extension of the jealousy, Arjun who is starting a budding relationship with Priya starts sensing that she is now smitten by Mannu. While the latter now starts a relationship with Priya, he does become the target of Arjun's frustrations who seeks to sabotage Mannu's career. Zoheb, who doesn't like Mannu, decides to help Arjun. The band embarks on a three-city tour spanning Paris, Rome and Amsterdam. Here Arjun deceives a naive Mannu into a rollercoaster ride of promiscuous sex and illicit drugs. He tricks him, gets him addicted to drugs, and then gets him arrested in a car full of them. While pretending to help Mannu, Arjun leaks the drug story to the press. As the three-city tour concludes, the band heads to London to perform at Wembley Stadium in front of an audience estimated at 90,000 . Knowing how important this is for Arjun, Mannu tries to give up drugs. But Arjun decides that his success and Mannu's total failure are related. He pays a girl to have sex with Mannu, which makes Priya break up with Mannu. In this fragile state, Zoheb pushes Mannu toward drugs again so that he can't come on stage. In the moments leading up to the stage entrance, Mannu comes to senses and chooses the righteous path and runs to support his mate. But Arjun, who has become incensed with the crowd chanting Mannu's name, confesses his envy of Mannu's talent and what he did to finish Mannu off. The audience boos Arjun, the band breaks up and a sad Mannu goes back to his village. Arjun's uncle , advises him to apologize to Mannu. Then it is revealed that after knowing the truth Priya and Mannu reconcile. Also, she marries Mannu and lives with him in his village. In the village, however, Mannu tells him not to apologize saying that it was his fault that he didn't see Arjun's sorrow and Priya also pardons Arjun for his wrong deeds. They get back together and London Dreams becomes a successful band again."] ['Shanmugam , a veterinary doctor, lives in the city with his wife Valarmati and their two children. In school, Shanmugam was in love with his classmate Dhanalakshmi but fate had forced them to go their separate ways, with Dhanalakshmi  being forced to wed her brother-in-law. One day, Shanmugam spots Dhanalakshmi, who, having lost her husband, now lives a life of poverty on the platforms with her son, Balu. After an unsuccessful attempt to find her a job in a friend\'s house, he hires her as their servant-maid. However, memories of the past starts to create a tension between Shanmugam and Dhanam, despite their attempts to maintain a distance. One day, Valarmati finds out from Shanmugam\'s old classmates how they both were in love when they were young and she starts fearing that Shanmugam will leave her and her children for Dhanam. Valarmati becomes so distraught that she even humiliates Dhanam at a party organized by one of their friends. When they return home, Valarmati confronts Shanmugam and an argument ensues. Unfortunately, Dhanam overhears their argument and silently goes to bed. The next morning, Dhanam and Balu are nowhere to be found. When Shanmugam searches the house, he finds a letter written by Dhanam saying that she wants Valarmati and Shanmugam to be happy and that she doesn\'t want to interfere. Soon, Valarmati realises the truth and wants to bring Dhanam back home and ask her for her forgiveness. Shanmugam searches high and low for them and at last finds Balu in an orphanage. The matron informs them that his mother had left instructions that her son should remain at the orphanage till her return. However, when the matron questions Balu, he replies that he wants to go with Shanmugam and stay in their house and to tell his mother that she is there when she returns. The matron agrees and lets him go. At the beginning of the movie, it is mentioned that Balu has been adopted by Shanmugam but still continues to call him "Sir" and never "Father or "Dad". As Parthiban leaves for home from the orphanage, he mentions that he is still searching for the whereabouts of Dhanalakshmi to this day.'] ['After her parents pass away, teenager Gauri goes to live with her paternal uncle, Kashinath, and his wife. She is ill-treated there, made to do all the housework, and abused by her aunt. She is also asked to work as a servant for meager wages in another household, and her earnings are taken away by her aunt. One day, Kashinath is summoned to the Police Station where he is told that since Gauri has been convicted of stealing a necklace from her employer, she is placed under his care for 12 months. Kashinath undertakes to look after her, but she manages to escape, and beats up Bankelal, who had originally accused her of stealing the necklace. The Police are summoned again, and this time Gauri is placed with Shree Satyanand Anarthalaya, an orphanage run by a compassionate Manager, Ashok. Gauri revolts against all the rules imposed upon her and she is placed in solitary, where she ends up breaking all the windows and furniture. Then one day she escapes, beats up Bankelal severely, and returns back. She is once again placed in solitary. Then Ashok and his associate Murlidhar find out that Bankelal had framed Gauri, and they inform the Police, who make Bankelal confess. In this way, Gauri gets a pardon, and is asked to leave the orphanage, but she refuses to do so and stays on after promising that she will always obey Ashok. When Ashok has a heart attack, she proposes to stay and look after him, but Ashok wants her to leave and get married to Murlidhar. The question remains, will Gauri disobey Ashok or keep her promise and get married to Murlidhar?'] ["Prem  is a Love Guru who solves the love issues of his clients. He meets Bhaskar Diwakar Chaudhary ([[Govinda  who comes to Prem for help in his love life. Bhaskar loves his boss Priya Jaisingh  but is unable to express his love to her as she is the daughter of a wealthy businessman. Prem initially refuses to help Bhaskar and goes to Phuket, Thailand. Bhaskar follows him there and convinces him to help him. After coming back from Thailand, Prem meets Naina , a photo journalist who was running from some gangsters led by Chhota Don , who mimicks Shahrukh Khan in Don. Prem saves her and falls in love with her. Meanwhile he starts teaching Bhaskar how to impress Priya. But Bhaskar uses his own simplicity and non-sense acts to impress Priya. Priya finally falls in love with Bhaskar but does not disclose it to him. Prem comes to know from Bhaskar that Priya is getting married to someone according to her father's will. They both come to Priya's wedding ceremony with Naina, and Priya's father is convinced by Bhaskar's acts. Priya now gets ready to marry Bhaskar. Meanwhile a spoiled brat named Neil comes to Prem for love help and he asks Prem to convince a girl for a one night stand. Prem gets angry with Neil and tells him that he does not help people with such bad intentions. Neil somehow manages to get his one night stand and then ditches her, telling her the love guru gave him advice to do so. Unfortunately the girl turns out to be Naina's friend Nikki. Naina then sets out to expose the Love Guru and finds out it's Prem. Naina hates Prem for what she thought he did to her friend and publishes a front page article claiming that Prem can set anyone up with the girl they want using the Priya/Bhaskar relationship as an example. Prem thinks that Bhaskar may commit suicide without Priya and goes to her to tell her what really happened. Priya realizes that all the things she liked about Bhaskar are what Prem wanted Bhaskar to hide from her and Priya is ready to take Bhaskar back. Prem makes up with Naina by making her hear the truth about him not helping Neil, and they get back together. On both couple's honeymoon night Bhaskar again asks Prem for help but this time they both get mingled with their respective wives."] ["Shibnath  is a freedom fighter in the Indian independence movement. The film starts when, following the independence of India, Shibnath is released from prison after eleven years of incarceration for murdering a British officer. Shibnath spent a part of his term in the prison asylum. In the journey back home, Shibnath is accompanied by one of his comrades, Bipin —now a successful businessman and an aspiring politician. Shibnath experiences the aftermath of Partition of India , with his own family becoming refugees, and his old village now belonging to a separate nation. Once cutting a formidable figure as a virile and courageous freedom fighter crusading for a united and independent Bengal to drive away the British, Shibnath now stands in stark contrast: a fragile, fragmented shell of his former self as he awkwardly hobbles along an unpaved road through the countryside, stopping frequently along the way to relieve himself in the woods, unable to control even his own bodily functions . Shibnath's wife, Hemangini, urges him to make ally with Bipin who is willing to capitalize on Shibnath's legendary reputation for patriotism, by asking to accompany him in electoral campaigns. In exchange, Bipin is ready to arrange Shibnath the job of a school master. However, Shibnath remains disillusioned and mystified by the life that now lies before him away from his beloved—and irretrievably lost—homeland. Unable to abandon his crushed idealism and put his devastated past behind him, he withdraws further away from family and former colleagues, retreating into the tenuous company of his own fractured and haunted memories."] ["Professor Sukesh Dutt ([[Vijay Anand  and Archana Gupta  meet each other in a chance encounter while traveling by BEST bus service in Bombay. Their meeting again results in formal introduction to each other. Both get attracted to each other and get married. Archana's mother does not like Sukesh due to his modest income. She makes up stories about their affluence, which offends Sukesh. This results in acrimony between Archana and Sukesh, and they decide to separate. Archana goes to live with her parents, while Sukesh relocates. Archana's family asks her to forget Sukesh, and re-marry, which Archana finds difficult since she still has feelings for Sukesh."] ["Khanna plays Shekhar Varma, a Mumbai police inspector. He is happily married to Meena  and they have a school-age daughter. One day, Shekhar's police department receives a call saying that an editor, Ritesh Nandy, has come across incriminating evidence that could expose the wrongdoings of some very influential people. Ritesh is assigned police protection, but gets killed. The stunningly beautiful Geeta Sarabhai  presents herself as a witness to Ritesh's death, but cannot identify his killer. When her life is threatened, Shekhar and another inspector, Pramod Kadam, are assigned to protect her. In the process, Shekhar and Geeta fall in love, and Shekhar's wife Meena begins to suspect her husband is having an affair. She manages to wring a confession out of him, then promptly leaves the house and moves in with her father. In the meantime, Pramod is wounded trying to protect Geeta and is hospitalized. Shekhar discovers that Ritesh's murder is the handiwork of high-ranking police officials."] ["In the dead of the night, a young woman's dead body is recovered by the police. All leads point to Jimmy . A mechanical engineer by day and a dancing sensation by night, Jimmy works as a DJ in the local discothèque to pay off the debts left behind by his late father. While everybody is shocked, Jimmy owns up to the murder and is sentenced to death. Why would a young man on the threshold of life commit such a heinous crime? Only Jimmy knows the truth. In a sudden twist of fate, Jimmy realizes in jail that he has been drawn in to a vicious conspiracy. But it is too late... or is it? What follows is a spine-chilling suspense travesty that unfolds in this fast-paced saga of crime, deceit and murder."] ["Aitraaz is a film about Raj Malhotra , Priya Malhotra née Saxena , and Sonia Roy . Raj and Priya accidentally meet each other and fall in love. One day Priya gets pregnant and the couple is very happy. Raj even buys a bungalow for the couple. They are very happy with their new lives. Raj is expecting a promotion to C.E.O. on the annual company day. The chairman  arrives with his new wife, Sonia Roy. Sonia Roy sees Raj and goes to the stage. She discusses something with the chairman and then announces the promotions. The post that Raj was expecting was given to his friend Rakesh . To Raj's surprise, he was included in the list of Board of Directors. They had a party that night and Priya also comes with Raj and they all enjoy. Sonia starts flirting with Raj even in front of Priya. Priya doesn't like Sonia's behavior and warns Raj to watch out for her. Raj agrees. The next day, Rakesh tells Raj that they have a defect in their new mobile handsets and its production needs to stop. The defect is that the call goes to two people at once, the one we are trying to call, and another in the phone book contact list. He needs the permission of Sonia to do this work. Raj thus goes to Sonia's home.  Sonia there tells that she has got a chance to meet him after long years and thus she is very aroused. She hugs him from the back all of a sudden while he was talking to his friend in Bangkok. She tries to seduce him but Raj denies her and goes home. Sonia is angry with Raj and tells her husband, Mr. Roy that he tried to rape her and exploit her. Roy becomes angry and gives Raj his resignation notice. Raj decides to fight against Sonia. Raj requests his lawyer friend, Barrister Ram Chauthrani  fight his case and he agrees. In the meantime, Sonia and Mr. Roy have hired Lawyer Patel . They fight a lot but Lawyer Patel discloses that Raj was the one who raped her. When it looks like there is no hope, Raj's friend who was in Bangkok returns and hands him over a tape in which their talk in Sonia's house was recorded. He gives it to the lawyer and the lawyer tests it in a forensic lab and concludes that it is real, but he is run over while returning by a person deployed by Sonia. At the moment his assistant takes the cassette and puts a destroyed cassette in its place and hands it over to the person who ran over his senior. It is handed over to Sonia. Priya asks Raj why he called the bank manager at Sonia's house, and Raj realizes he didn't call the manager, but Rakesh, and the defect in the mobile connected the line to the bank manager, as well. Priya, who is also a lawyer, now fights the case due to the accident of Raj's previous lawyer, Mr. Chauthrani. Priya uses Rakesh's mobile as evidence against Sonia along with the fact that Sonia met Raj in South Africa eight years ago. Their infatuation for each other led to Sonia being pregnant with Raj's child. However, Sonia and Raj split as Sonia wanted to abort their child, for she lusted for money, status, luxury and power. The baby was a wall between her dreams of becoming rich. After Raj left her, Sonia aborted their child and bumped into Roy. Seeing her chance, Sonia hit the jackpot, and married Roy, who was much older than her. However, Roy wasn't able to give Sonia any sexual pleasure, so Sonia tried to seduce Raj, but being the loyal husband, Raj rejected her sexual advances. As a result, Priya wins the case and Roy leaves Sonia. Feeling humialiated and guilty, Sonia is unable to bear the shame and commits suicide by jumping from the top of a building. The film ends with a song, showing that Raj and Priya have a baby boy and live together happily ever after."] ['The story is set in Lahore in the time period directly before and during the partition of India in 1947. A young girl with polio, Lenny , narrates the story through the voice of her adult self . She is from a wealthy Parsi family who hopes to remain neutral to the rising tensions between Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims in the area. She is adored and protected by her parents, Bunty  and Rustom  and is cared for by her Ayah, a beautiful Hindu woman, Shanta . Both Dil Navaz, the Ice-Candy Man  and Hassan, the Masseur  are Muslim and in love with Shanta. Shanta, Dil, and Hassan are part of a small group of friends from different faiths  who spend their days together in the park. With partition, however, this once unified group of friends becomes divided and tragedy ensues.'] ["Jai  is a fashion photographer, happily married to Geeta . He meets Ria  in Goa. He takes photos of her without permission and publishes them in the magazine. The magazine becomes a huge hit because of those pictures. Vispy wants Ria to model for their magazine but she refuses because she is angry at Jai for publishing her pictures without asking her. Jai manages to convince her to model for their magazine. Ria begins to fall in love with Jai. Her father  is really happy that her daughter is finally in love . Ria, to talk to Jai about marriage, goes to his house and gets a shocking surprise that Jai is married to Geeta. Stubborn and always having her way, she can't believe that the guy she loved is married. When a shaken Geeta asks for a breakup, Jai promises to change his ways. On the other hand, Ria is very possessive about Jai. She makes a suicide attempt, calls him in the middle of the night, visits Geeta in the hospital after injuring her and spins lies to sow the seed of doubt in Geeta's mind. Jai, meanwhile, tries to hold on to his sanity and marriage. Geeta tries not to let the doubts and suspicions creep in.{{Citation}} Jai finally decides to move out of the city with Geeta to pursue a peaceful life. Ria realizes this and asks him to meet her one last time. He agrees and goes to her house to talk to her father about her. Ria uses this opportunity to visit Jai's house and tries to kill Geeta. When Jai reaches Ria's place, he discovers that Mr. Jaiswal is not home and waits for him. While waiting he calls Geeta and hears her shouting. Immediately he rushes home and finds Ria trying to kill her. To protect Geeta, he lies to Ria that he is ready to divorce his wife and start a new life with Ria. He assures her that he really loved her all this time, only he did not realize it. Ria believes him and comes to him; Jai smacks her hard. She falls to the floor bleeding. Her father arrives and, after clearing all misunderstandings, takes Ria home. Six months later, Geeta and Jai are happy with their life while Ria is housed at a mental hospital."] ['Rakesh Trivedi  comes from a small village. His father is a ticket collector on the train, and wants him to get into a similar occupation as well. However, Rakesh has big dreams; he is forever coming up with new business plans and is convinced he will make it big one day. He adamantly refuses any notion that he will one day work in a 9-to-5 environment. Vimmi Saluja  is the daughter of a Punjabi family in another small village; she spends her hours watching films and studying supermodels, and dreams of becoming Miss India one day. One day Vimmi\'s parents tell her they have arranged her marriage to a young man with a decent job. At the same time Rakesh\'s father gives him an ultimatum – go to the interview for the job his father has arranged for him, or get out of the house. Rakesh and Vimmi both pack their bags in their respective homes and sneak out in the dark of the night. They bump into each other at a train station, and become friends after realizing their stories are similar. Both support and encourage each other to achieve their dreams: Vimmi tries to enter herself in the Miss India contest but gets thrown out after an argument, and Rakesh tries to sell his ideas for an investment scheme, but a businessman turns him away. In fact, a man he had met at a restaurant stole ideas from Rakesh\'s presentation file and when he enters the office, the interviewer states someone before him came in with the same idea. After finding out that the businessman who Rakesh had approached has used his idea to make money for himself, he and Vimmi con him and take money they believe is rightly theirs. Once they realize how easy it is to con people, they decide to run some more scams in order to raise money to make it to Bombay. Unfortunately for India, they find the lifestyle too exciting to give up. Adopting the fake names of \'Bunty\' and \'Babli\', they successfully pull off scam after scam, looting and conning rich people dressed as local guides, religious priests, health inspectors, business partners, etc. Their flamboyant antics make them famous in newspapers nationwide. Soon their friendship leads to romance and they decide to continue scamming the rich as husband and wife. Little do Rakesh and Vimmi know that ACP Dashrath Singh  is catching up with their scams and pranks, getting closer each time. He relentlessly pursues them across India in the hopes of putting them behind bars. To complicate matters, Rakesh and Vimmi have a child, and after a very close call eluding Dashrath they decide to quit conning for their child\'s sake. Ironically, this decision leads to their capture by Dashrath. While in custody, their heartfelt confessions and conversation soften the detective\'s heart and he lets them go, certain he has destroyed Bunty and Babli\'s career as criminals. Years later, Dashrath rescues them from their mundane and domestic lives to work for the nation thwarting the activities of other scammers. The plot, although it draws on the idea of two rather lovable crooks, does not contain much violence. In fact each of the adventures of Bunty and Babli are thoroughly Indianised, like the fake selling of the Taj Mahal. It draws comparisons to the American classic "Bonnie and Clyde", however there are no dark elements to the film. In fact, as stated above, there is minimal violence and the characters do not die a bloody death, unlike their American counterparts. The robberies done were usually to teach a lesson or exact revenge for some previous altercation.'] ["Harpreet Singh Bedi , a Sikh B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. His idealistic vision of the working world shatters quickly. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back. Harpreet is aghast and files a complaint. But his honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company in Rocket Sales Corporation. Other disgruntled employees find their way to Rocket Sales — a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. After multiple attempts at contact, he finally calls and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring as Rocket Sales was being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him and hands him his final pay of Rs. 1. However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Rs. 1. He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages. The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that eventually honesty and hard work is a sound business decision."] ['Preparing to leave for Delhi, Purushan bids his mother goodbye, promising to write to her regularly. In the thinly populated forest area of Wayanad in the north-east of Kerala, the jeep in which he is travelling is stopped by the Police, who take possession of it to carry a dead body found hanging on the wayside tree. The dead man\'s face looks familiar to Purushan. He becomes restless and is seized with a pathological obsession to find out the identity of the deceased. Against the wishes of his girl friend, he abandons his trip to Delhi and sets out to seek his friends who may have some clue. Purushan meets journalist friends, doctors, and finally a veteran comrade, fondly addressed as Balettan who identifies the dead as the fellow musician who accompanied Satyajit, the guitarist. Satyajit confirms the deceased is his friend Hari, the tabla player. Together they decide to inform Hari\'s mother who stays in Cochin. They set out on a long eventful journey from the northern highlands of Wayanad to the Southern port city of Cochin. As they move from Calicut to, Beypore, Kodungalloor, Thrissur, Kottapuram, Vypin, and finally to Fort Kochi , the group swells as they meet many mothers and their sons and relatives who have known Hari; some had known him as a tabla player, some as Tony, the jazz drummer and others as a silent political activist, a victim of police brutality, and a loner. And for others he was a drug addict and one who used to drown his sorrow and pain in his music. Through their recollections, Hari\'s rather diffused identity unfolds. His classmates remember Hari as an introvert, weak and indecisive. His worker comrades identify him as a staunch revolutionary with a strong resistance and will power. But then what went wrong? The colonial past of the places, what they took from us and what they left behind as well as the peoples protests and uprisings, the region witnesses and their heroes and victims are integrated into the narrative, by way of information as well as critiquing. While reporting to his mother about Hari and his friends and their mothers on his southbound journey, John also reconstructs the history of the land through a series of class struggles, student protests, and workers union clashes that took place in the region where Purushan traversed. Starting with the medical students agitation against commercialization of medical education, to a short dialogue with Karuppuswamy, the unfortunate victim who had lost both his legs in a colliery workers struggle for better wages and human dignity, in Kottapuram, to Vypin island where several mazdoors  either died or lost their eyesight in the man-made hooch tragedy, to the Citizens group\'s forcible taking over of rice and sugar hoarded by unscrupulous black marketer traders and distributing to ordinary people at fair prices and giving back the money collected to the traders, to the manipulated fight between workers of two feuding unions in a Mattanchery street in Fort Kochi, where four fishermen had died, and also some targeted working class leaders in a fake Police encounter, an abortive factory workers strike extending solidarity to the retrenched women workers in Fort Kochi, are some of the long list of peoples protests and struggles reported with deep concern and feeling by Purushan in a long letter to his Mother. As Purushan and his group wait for Hari\'s mother to come out of the Baptism ceremony from the church, they analyse their own past, note the emerging debate focusing on the romantic evasions and tragic failures of the extremist movement. When Hari s mother finally turns up and faces the youth congregation, she asks "Suicide wasn\'t it?" The film ends with Purushan\'s mother watching Hari\'s mother wiping her tear.'] ["Aloo Chaat is the story of Nikhil  who returns to his Punjabi household in Lajpat Nagar, Delhi from America after completing his education. His family consists of his orthodox father Purushottam , his grandmother Beeji , his confused mother Seeto  and an always suspicious uncle Chhadami Mama ([[Sanjay Mishra . Nikhil refuses to marry any girl his parents show him, which has them worried about their son's orientation. In reality, Nikhil is in love with Aamna , a Muslim girl living in America. Nikhil knows that his orthodox father will never allow him to marry a girl from another religion. With the help of a family friend who is a sexologist by occupation Hakim , he devises a plan of telling his father that he wants to marry an American girl Nikki  who is hired by them with the help of a celebrity singer Sukha Paji who happens to be a patient of Hakim. This way they will introduce both Nikki and Aamna to the house. On one hand Nikki will exhibit all bad qualities and on the other Aamna will show all her good habits and thus impress his family. But things go haywire when Chhadami Mama starts suspecting them. Thus starts a comedy of errors woven in a love story. Things become just as spicy as Aloo Chaat."] ["Deepak  is accused of killing a courtesan Munnibhai and a trial take place in court. His lover Seema  appears against him as public prosecutor and gets him life imprisonment. Seema remembers her days with Deepak three years ago where both were ardent lovers and how she loved him. Both consider themselves as married and united by their souls. Deepak wants to meet Seema and she unwillingly meets him in jail. Deepak explains to her how fate brought him in jail. Deepak is a lawyer and looks for good oppourtunities in his career. He has a sister Sushma  the only family he has left in this world. Seema introduces Deepak to her father who dislikes their relationship but pretends to accept them. Seema's father urges her to pursue her law in America but she refuses as she does not want to leave Deepak for three years. Deepak pesuades her to go ahead and Seema obeys him hoping to get married after three years. After Seema has left Seema's father shows Deepak his real face and orders Deepak to go away from Seema and Deepak does not accept. Deepak's sister Sushma has got engaged with a man named Ajit and Deepak arranges for their marriage. Ajit initially behaves well, understanding Deepak's financial position, but turns evil when Seema's father tempts him with money to ask for dowry during their marriage and Ajit does so. Unable to get that much money which Ajit asked for, Deepak goes to Seema's father for help. Seema's father agrees to help him on a condition that he should get married to another girl and go away from Seema forever. Unwillingly Deepak accepts for his sister's sake and marries another woman. But his wife dies in a year after giving birth to their son Vicky. Left alone with his child Deepak's misfortune chases him when Ajit kills a courtesan Munnibhai. Deepak takes blame on himself and lands in jail. Seema understands her father's role behind everything and wants to make appeal on the verdict but Deepak stops her. He requests her to take care of his child Vicky and accept him as her son to which Seema promises. Seema becomes mother of Vicky and raises him and Deepak spends his life in jail. As years passed Vicky  returns from America after completing his studies and Deepak gets released from prison. He does not want Vicky to know that he is his father as he is very unlucky man and his misfortunes should not affect his son. Vicky brings his lover Poonam  and introduces to his mother. Deepak gets a job of gardener in Poonam's house and Vicky becomes a successful lawyer replacing his mother Seema as public prosecutor. Deepak feels happy on seeing his son whenever he visits Poonam's home. Poonam and Vicky get engaged and everything goes smooth until arrival of Ajit who is now an evil drunkard. Ajit blackmails Seema that he wishes to meet Vicky and tell about Deepak to him. Seema yields to his blackmail as she does not want to break promise made to Deepak about exposing the father-son relationship to Vicky. On a due course Ajit is killed and Deepak is accused for killing him. Vicky appears as public prosecutor against him without knowing that he his father and demands imprisonment for Deepak. Seema appears in defence for Deepak. Seema struggles hard to keep up the promise given to Deepak but Vicky tests her patience like anything."] ["Karthik  is an introvert who lacks confidence and feels trapped in his average job at a construction company. He is continuously troubled by an incident from his childhood: His older brother, Kumar, used to torture him, but whenever he complained to his parents, they did not believe him. One day, Kumar took Karthik to a well and tried to throw him in it, but Karthik escaped. Kumar accidentally fell inside the well and died. Karthik has thought himself responsible for his brother's death ever since. Shonali Mukherjee  is a co-worker at Karthik's company, whom Karthik is secretly in love with, though she remains unaware of his existence, much less his feelings. After being derided by his boss yet again, Karthik figures his life can’t get any better and decides to commit suicide. Just as he is about to, a stranger with the same, exact voice as him calls and says that he is also Karthik, convincing him that he has the ability to change his life. These phone calls become Karthik's life guide. His chats take place every morning at 5:00 a.m. and the caller provides advice on Karthik's problems, guiding him to become a successful man, win Shonali's heart, and bring color to his otherwise dreary life. However, when Karthik tells Shonali and his psychiatrist about the phone calls, despite being warned not to, the mysterious caller gets angry and tells Karthik that if he could bring him up, he could also throw him down. As per his word, things start going downhill. Karthik's boss throws him out and Shonali leaves him. Karthik decides that if he goes somewhere he does not know, then the caller wouldn't know where he is either and stop calling him. Karthik travels to an unknown place, takes shelter in a small hotel, and asks the receptionist to remove the telephone and room number plate. After a few months, Karthik is comfortably living in Cochin with a decent job. His life is back to normal except for the fact that he refuses to have a phone line. Upon his boss's request, he is forced to purchase a landline. He goes to great lengths to ensure that he himself is unaware of the phone number. However, one day at exactly 5 a.m, he receives a call from the mysterious caller, who threatens to kill him. Meanwhile, Shonali is contacted by Dr. Kapadia, who reveals the twist: Karthik is actually schizophrenic. He has an alter-ego that is more assertive and advises him on how to live life. All this time, the strange caller was Karthik himself. He has been dealing with this condition from a young age, when he created a fake brother named Kumar. Karthik's phone has the capacity to record messages and act as a playback feature at a certain time. Karthik would wake up in the middle of the night, leave himself messages as his alter ego, and return to sleep, where he would awake once again at 5am to take his own calls. Eventually, Karthik becomes so disturbed that he attempts to commit suicide again. Shonali, realizing the truth, arrives at the right time to save him. They reconcile and she stands by him, helping him with his condition. After a few months, Karthik is in the process of dealing with his schizophrenia and lives a happy and rehabilitated life with Shonali by his side."] ["Widowed Govindi  lives a poor lifestyle in Haripur along with two sons, Gungaram and Jumna. Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family. While Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork. While Jumna is studious, Gungaram is the opposite, but has a good heart and decides to use his earnings to ensure his brother gets a decent education. After her employer, Hariram, accuses Govindi of theft, their house is searched, evidence is found, she is arrested, the entire village bails her out, but the shock kills her. After their mother passes, Ganga pledges himself to supporting his younger brother as they grow to adulthood. The adult Ganga  is a spirited and hardworking fellow, unafraid to take on the zamindar when necessary, while his brother Jumna  is more measured and cautious. Ganga sends Jumna to the city to study, and supports him with funds that he earns driving an oxcart and making deliveries for the zamindar. But things get complicated when Ganga saves a local girl, Dhanno , from the zamindar's lecherous assault. The zamindar  gets his revenge by trumping up a robbery charge against Ganga, landing him in prison. Upon his release, Ganga learns that his brother has become destitute, and attacks and robs the zamindar in a rage. Soon Ganga finds himself an outlaw, and, with Dhanno at his side, he joins a gang of bandits camping out in the wilderness. In the meantime, Jumna meets a fatherly police officer  and becomes a police officer himself. It isn't long before Jumna's professional wanderings take him back to the village of his birth, where he must square off against his outlaw brother, in a showdown between duty and family."] ["Rajinikanth and Raghuvaran are close friends like their fathers, in spite if their difference in caste Hindu and Christian. But a villan kills family except Rajinikanth, Raghuvaran and Raghuvaran's mother, one twist is Raghuvaran doesnot knows that Rajinikanth and his mother was alive and vice versa.Years run, flim opens after 20 years. Rajinikanth falls in love with Shobana. He marries her. Then Raghuvaran is a hired goon will do only good deeds. Raghuvaran is hired to kill Rajinikanth and during the fight both gots injured and finally they came to know that both was them friends. Finally both of them units and fight the bad guy who killed their family"] ['Pushpa comes from a poor family, and is a good dancer and singer. She would like to assist a puppeteer with his makeshift dolls and puppet act. Unfortunately, he meets with an accident, and is hospitalized. Some of his puppets were also damaged during this accident. Pushpa approaches Loknath for work, and he gets her to work on stage, and would like her to become a movie star. Will Pushpa give up her simple life, and take on the glamorous route?'] ["The story takes place in Delhi. The film begins when a girl is murdered by an unseen killer. It is learnt that the killer was her fiancee & had acquired evidence about her infidelity. Then, the story shifts to life of Sehar , a voiceover artist. Sehar, who lives alone in a flat, has a friend named Ritu , who is a fashion designer. Sehar has a rare disorder - her memory blanks out, leaving her clueless about events that took place in a certain time period. Hence, she rarely socializes. But Ritu forcefully takes her to a nightclub. Sehar had previously met ACP Rajveer Randhawa , a corrupt cop. Unknown to both, their mothers are old friends and want them to get married. Sehar has rejected Rajveer after knowing his truth, but he is smitten. Here, Sehar wakes up in her flat and apparently nothing wrong has happened. But she soon learns that she has missed one whole day. Also, she is being followed by a stranger . She runs into two characters, Ballu , a taxi driver asking her a trip fare about which she knows nothing & Kumar , a wannabe actor, who mistakes her for a ghost. But the plot thickens when Sehar hears some suspicious messages on her answering machine, making her realize that something sinister has happened during the missing Sunday, the day she recalls nothing about. Rajveer comes to rescue, but he comes to the same conclusion as hers. Tests show that Sehar was roofied - most probably in the night club, causing the whole problem. Ballu & Kumar turn out to be red herrings. Rajveer finds the boys who roofied Sehar, but nothing concrete is found. Just as he is about to accept that Sehar might have killed someone, Sehar is attacked by some goons. The goons fail to kill her, but Rajveer realizes that Sehar might have witnessed a murder. After reconstructing the events at the night out with Ritu, Rajveer finds out that Ballu had left her near a place where a youth was murdered. Rajveer realizes the implications and sets a trap for the goons. With help of Ballu & Kumar, the goons are finally nabbed & Rajveer learns the truth. He arrests the son of Khurana, a minister, for a double murder. An enraged Khurana demands an explanation. It is revealed that the girl murdered earlier was killed by Khurana's son. After killing her, he waited for few days before killing his own friend, with whom the girl was cheating him. Unfortunately, Sehar was left nearby by Ballu. Khurana's son assumed that she saw the second murder, hence he sent the goons to kill her. Khurana's son protests until brought face to face with the goons. Khurana has his son arrested. With Sehar safe, the people are still clueless about Sehar's stalker - until the stalker shows up himself. He reveals himself to be a taxi driver. It is revealed that after Khurana's son had seen Sehar, it was this taxi driver who saw Sehar. He realized that she was drugged and managed to get her back to her flat after finding her address. With this final mystery solved, Kumar narrates what happened with everybody, Rajveer and Sehar got married, Ballu now owns a car company, owning hundreds of cars and trucks, and Kumar has become a south-Indian superstar, showing that the story ended on a happy note."] ["Jeevana Chaitra tracks the life and times of Vishwanath, from his youth, through the days of his jodi inamathi- when he becomes Jodidar Vishwanatha Raya to his end. Being an ideal son, he expresses his interest in Meenakshi  as his life partner, and presents the case before his parents. Though Meenakshi is enamoured towards Vishwanath, she fears that she is too poor to join ranks of Jodidar's. However, Vishwanath's father is more than satisfied with his son's choice and accepts the marriage proposal. Meenakshi and Vishwanath get married. Vishwanath takes over the mantle of Jodidar of Simhaadri and other 8 villages from his father and tries to better the lives of the people of his 8 villages. He fights illiteracy, the illicit liquor racket and other social evils, in order to help villagers. They are blessed with 3 children. The parallel comedy track of the movie is handled by Putta Joisa, who joins as the priest of the family-entrusted main temple. Caught when trying to steal gold from Jodidar's home, he pleads guilty. Vishwanath, the generous man he is, gives him money and asks to leave the village. He reasons that if the villagers learn he has robbed the Jodidar, they are sure to kill him. Putta Joisa leaves in tears, knowing that he does not deserve to be with Jodidar's. The rift at home begins, when their children come of age. The elder son, a doctor, falls for his classmate, the daughter of a liquor baron , who had been thrown out of the village by Vishwanath for brewing illicit liquor during their younger days. Toogudeepa creates a rift between father and son, and verbally insults Vishwanath, when he approaches Vishwanath to discuss the marriage proposal. The real bone of contention is the hospital that Vishwanath has envisioned for the village, which he wants his son Gurudutt and daughter-in-law, both doctors to oversee and maintain for the well-being of the community. However, Toogudeepa berates him for his short-sightedness in presuming that his well-educated and sophisticated daughter-in-law would stay back in a lowly village. Vishwanath is firm, and he insists that if Toogudeepa's daughter is to marry his son, she will have to stay with her husband in their village. Toogudeepa walks away threatening Gurudutt that he can choose either his father's village or his love. Gurudutt fights with his father and leaves home. This comes as a first blow to Vishwanatha Raya. Abhijit, the second son, gets married but his wife is not very happy staying in the village and serving her in-laws. Meenakshi pleads with her brother to allow her niece Lakshmi  to stay with her for a few days. Bubbly, chirpy and sprightly Lakshmi fills the home with happiness. Vishwanath and Meenakshi plan to get her married to their last son Narahari . Narahari, who has a secret love affair, wastes no time in marrying his love and brings her home, once he learns of his parents' plan. Meenakshi and Vishwanath are shocked to see Narahari and his wife. Meenakshi sinks into despair thinking about the heartbreak this would cause her brother, who is delighted to have his child become a bride of the Jodidar household. The burden is too much for Meenakshi and she dies, while welcoming her daughter-in-law. Vishwanath feels lonely and goes on a theertha yaatre, has an accident and loses memory. He wanders around and is shown visiting Badri, Rishikesh, Kedara and Varanasi. When he finds the beauty of Himalaya, he is spellbound by nature and sings his heart out. Putta Joisa finds his old employer, clothed in rags and singing on a Ghaat. He helps Vishwanath regain memory. Meanwhile, Toogudeepa sweet-talks Vishwanath's three sons into handing over the ancestral property, and takes over Vishwanath's property. The 3 sons, who have by now become addicted to sloth and a luxurious life style, even throw their Granny out. Vishwanath returns, only to find his home turned from a temple to a tavern. He single-handedly beats the daylights out of drunkards gathered over there and questions his sons about his mother. Learning that she is passing days in a lonely hut, he visits his mother. Pandari Bhai is filled with joy to find her son alive. She pleads his son to take cudgels against the liquor baron Toogudeepa. Life comes a full-circle to Vishwanath. He once again starts the task of fighting liquor racket, gambling and other evils. He ends up on a winning note, as the gamblers den is made into a primary school and the liquor factory is closed down. His children too learn their lesson and join hands with him. A happy man, Vishwanath creates a will dividing his assets among his sons and leaves to a higher calling. The last scene shows Vishwanath ascending a hill, far away from Simhaadri."] ["Abhay Gulati ([[Imran Khan  and Aaliya Khan  have been friends since childhood. Aaliya has always loved acting, since her mother is an actress. Her father left her and her mother. Abhay likes cooking but his father wants him to take care of his business. Eventually Abhay and Aaliya start dating but Aaliya does not want to marry. An opportunity comes for Aaliya to go to Australia for acting school which she takes. She goes to Australia where she has to live with her strict aunt. She then moves into a bungalow where a bunch of young people live for cheap. Abhay gets paranoid and comes to Australia, annoying Aaliya because she feels he doesn't trust her and they break up. Abhay opens a restaurant and it becomes a big hit. Aaliya and Abhay slowly become friends again. Aaliya finishes acting school and Abhay's father finds out about his restaurant. Abhay and Aaliya's mother, Ayesha  come for Aaliya's graduation. Aaliya gets an opportunity to work in a movie and signs the contract without telling her mother, thereby enraging her. Soon Abhay leaves Aaliya too, because she is selfish. Realizing she is wrong and that she can't go on without her mother's support,she quits the movie and rushes back to India to get back things on track with her mother.Soon, her mother realizes that Aaliya is strong to face the world and can come to terms with her mistakes rather easily than her mother herself was capable of, so she allows her to act in the movie and sends her back again. However,soon she return to the same Australian city for shooting her movie,and meets Abhay, who tells her he still hasn't moved on.She,apparently, convinces him to move on and get married.However,she is stunned when she comes to know from another friend that Abhay is going to be married. Puzzled as to why he didn't tell her first about the news, Aaliya rushes to Abhay's house and finds him getting ready to get married. Aaliya begs him to re-think his decision, proposing to him with the very ring he was considering for her once upon a time. She confesses her love to him and tells him that she is really in love with him. Abhay, realizing Aaliya's regret and love for him, shows her his wedding invitation which has her name, implying he intended to marry her all along. She is happy and they embrace, making up. The end credits show that the two have married, and have a baby girl named Sara."] ["Fateh Singh ,a mad villager is crazy about marrying a Canadian girl to get the citizenship of Canada while on the other side Pooja  a classy modern girl wants to go to Canada to study fashion designing. They both first meet at the passport office where Fateh asks Pooja to fill his form because his hand was injured which he was pretending because of his lack of English. They both again meet at the airport while travelling to Canada. Pooja starts hating Fateh and Fateh starts hating Pooja and they always have fight due to this. Pooja looks for a nice accommodation where she finds a nice house and while getting money out of the ATM, she gets robbed by two thugs. Unfortunately, Pooja has to look for cheaper place where she meets Fateh again and has to share that apartment with him. A day arrives when Jenny a Canadian caucasian girl, arrives to the house where Pooja and Fateh are living as she is the step-daughter of the house owner. Pooja asks Fateh to propose Jenny and they both start making plans how to get Jenny for Fateh, but when fateh comes to know that Jenny is going to Africa for social service, he ditches her and poor Jenny is left heartbroken. The owner of the house throws both of them out and they work at two different Apna Chula restaurants that are run by wife and husband, who are not together now. Fateh and Pooja soon come to know that the Apna Chula is going to be re-possessed by the bank because of 6 unpaid property payments for the loan. Fateh and Pooja work out the process of re-joining the husband and wife together so that the loan could be paid off. Slowly, Fateh and Pooja start falling for each other but both of them don't want to admit it. Fateh realizes that he loves Pooja when Pooja's fiancé, Yuvraj comes to take Pooja with her to India for their marriage. Finally Fateh leaves for India with a hope to bring Pooja back to his life but after watching Pooja has been married he is left heart broken. After a while, he meets Yuvraj who tells him that Pooja is still single and Fateh runs to propose Pooja and they live happily ever after."] ["Tamanna Sahni  is a dedicated staff member of a top advertising agency, her ideas and designs have mainly contributed to the success of the agency. She leaves for a college reunion and meets her college sweetheart Rohit Manchanda . They rekindle their love for each other and share some intimate moments together. Eventually Rohit leaves and Tamanna settles back into her normal daily routine. When her sister, Tanya , has an accident she decides to give her own blood to replace the blood used to save Tanya. However her doctor, Dr. Raisingh , tells her that she has been tested positive for HIV. Tamanna's world turns upside down and she desperately tries to get into contact with Rohit but in vain. Her situation is soon spread around the office and she loses her job. Angered by her unfair dismissal she searches for a lawyer to fight her case. Eventually Tarun Anand  agrees to represent her."] ["The movie tells the story of Raj Malhotra , his wife Pooja  and their four sons Ajay , Sanjay , Rohit , and Karan . Raj and Pooja have provided their children with everything they wanted, often at the cost of Raj and Pooja's own requirements. The Malhotras also have an adopted son Alok , who is in love with Arpita  . Alok was an orphan and Raj had provided him with money and education, bringing him up as his own son. Now a successful man, Alok worships Raj because of all his help and thinks him as his own father which he never had. Raj has a flourishing job but, once he retires, he is no longer able to support himself and has to vacate the house he and Pooja have shared for years. They decide to live with their kids to get their love and affection. However, their kids do not want them, as they think looking after their parents will be a hassle. The children decide to split the parents up, each parent going to live with one of the sons for the next 6 months. The story shows how the aged parents endure this separation as well as horrible treatment from their children after all they have sacrificed for them during their lifetime. Saddened by the treatment he has received from his children and their families, Raj writes down all his feelings regarding how he fulfilled all his children's dreams and in return how they treat him, as well as his love for his wife, and how much pain their separation has caused, his writing eventually becoming a novel. While changing their trains after 6 months, Raj and Pooja spend some time together in Mumbai, when they suddenly meet Alok, who takes them to his home and gives them the importance and care which their real sons did not give them. Raj then finds out that his writing has become a published book named Baghban. This book becomes a big hit, selling the first copies immediately. Raj, as a result, gains the money he needs to support himself and Pooja in their old age. It is now that their four sons come back to their parents, asking for their forgiveness. However, they hold an ulterior motive: to get a hold of their parents' money. Raj is honored for his work, and the four sons attend with their wives. When they ask Raj to forgive them, he refuses and instead disowns them. Not even Pooja will forgive her children for the pain they have put them through. Raj stays with Pooja in their home, near Alok and Arpita, and enjoy the company of their grandchildren, Rahul and Payal, while disowning their sons and daughters-in-law."] ["Raj Goyal , a young and successful criminal lawyer, famous for never having lost a case, is introduced to popular singer Sargam  by music magnate Ashwin Mehta . The following day, Ashwin is brutally murdered in his own house. The murderer, Taran Bharadwaj  who is Sargam's childhood friend and current mentor, is caught red-handed at the crime scene. He claims he is innocent and Sargam, who believes in Taran's innocence, approaches Raj to defend him, which he accepts after meeting Taran. Raj finds out that Taran suffers from split personality disorders and wins Tarang's case by proving the same. Immediately after Taran is acquitted, Raj discovers that the split personality was an act put up by Taran. Raj wants to put Taran behind the bars by re-opening the case."] ['In the opening scene, Siddhant Dheer , the head of the Anti-Terrorist Cell , narrates how rampant terrorism has become in the world and goes on to tell the story of 7 hardest days in his life. The ATC has a tip off about an impending terrorist attack on the 10th May, targeting 20-25 thousand people. The man behind the plan is one Jamwaal, a Keyser Söze who is feared by politicos and the law alike. The only piece of information, known about the impending attack is the codeword "JEET". Siddharth starts an unofficial investigation against Jamwaal. A goon named Altaf is arrested in connection to the case. Later, a woman is shot dead in her own home by an unknown assailant. Siddhant gets a tip from Neha, an undercover officer stationed by him in Canada, that an aide of Jamwaal named Himmat Mehendi has been arrested by the Canadian police. He sends his brother Shashank  and another colleague, Aditya  to grab Himmat, take him to a safe location pointed out by Neha and extract information from him about Jamwaal. After attending his sister Anu\'s  wedding, Shashank and Aditya head to Canada on the same day. At the same time, Anu and her husband are kidnapped in lieu of Altaaf\'s release. Siddhant, then realizes that there is a mole in the ATC itself. Meanwhile, in Canada, Aditya and Shashank team up with Neha  and a local cop named Dan  and kidnap Himmat, who, at first, claims to them that he is "JD", but breaks down and tells them that everybody working for Jamwaal is a pawn who doesn\'t know his identity. He claims that he does not know anything else and the quartet realize that Himmat is too scared of Jamwaal to be entirely plausible. They then stage an attempt on Himmat\'s life and a scared Himmat informs them that the only people who pose any real danger to Jamwaal are Aasif and Irfan, his once friends turned foes, who betrayed him to foil his plans. Himmat tells them that he knows where Aasif might be. The quartet turn up at a disco, Irfan\'s supposed hideout, with Himmat and question Aasif. Aasif merely gives them Irfan\'s whereabouts and commits suicide. This leads the group to realize that Irfan himself is Jamwaal. They confront Irfan, and after killing his goons, kill him too. In India, Siddhant prepares a trap to rescue Anu. Anu\'s husband dies, but Anu is saved and the mole, Roy, is detained and commits suicide instead of suffering the indignity of going to prison. An enraged Siddhant learns from Altaf that the latter had been hired by Jamwaal to kill Aasif and Irfan in Canada before his arrest since they were the only people who could foil Jamwaal\'s plans for the 10th of May. Siddhant decides to go to Canada, while his colleague and love interest, Aditi  decides to use Altaf as a bait to track down people in league with Jamwaal. As a result, many high profile individuals and politicians are exposed. In Canada, Himmat is set free. Shashank decides to propose to Neha and goes to her house along with Dan and Aditya. However, they find the house suspiciously empty and dark. Suddenly, they hear the footsteps of an intruder and confront him. They are shocked to find that the intruder is Siddhant, who tells them that Neha had been murdered a long time back. Now, it is revealed that the woman who was shot to death earlier was actually Neha. Siddhant explains that Jamwaal had Neha killed and replaced a fake Neha, since he had had prior information to Aditya and Shashank\'s arrival in Canada . The day Altaf was arrested, Jamwaal suffered an accident and was arrested in a "drunk and driving case". The real Neha, who had been following them at that point, only knew the real Himmat Mehendi, who had been killed by Irfan shortly after that event. Further more, Jamwaal had wanted to kill his former friends as they could foil his still unknown plans. But when Altaf, his hired gun, was arrested by ATC, and even he was arrested while being assumed to be Himmat Mehendi, he kept the misunderstanding going and conned Aditya, Shashank and Dan to do what he had wanted Altaaf to do, thus making his coast clear. This leads to one shocking reality- The person that the group had assumed to be Himmat Mehendi was the real Jamwaal and that he had made four officers from two nations dance to his tune. Still clueless about Jamwaal\'s plans, the quartet, once again, focuses on "JEET". Siddhant realizes that every letter in the word had something to do with its position in the English alphabet . Dan gives him information that on the 10th of May, a football match was going to take place at a nearby stadium, the chief guest of which was the Prime Minister of India himself. Realizing that this stadium will be bombed on the fateful day at 5 o\'clock, the quartet turns up at the stadium and splits up. Siddhant is captured by the guards, who were in on the plan. Aditya finds the bomb on a car whose registration number ends with the number 20, thus explaining the meaning of the letter T in the word JEET. He drives the car outside the stadium while. Shashank finds another bomb of the same size and takes it to a nearby flying club, where he runs into the fake Neha, who confesses that she has fallen in love with him. They load the bombs into a small plane, with Shashank deciding to dispose the bomb off at a deserted area, away from city limits. Dan enters the stadium by another route, only to end up being taken hostage along with his estranged wife and some school children. Dan somehow rescues his wife and the children, while Siddhant manages to escape and kill some goons despite being temporarily blinded. As both head to different directions to find Jamwaal, the latter is informed by his men that both the bombs have been taken away and that the mission has failed. Jamwaal tries to escape from the building, only to run into Siddhant. As Siddhant doesn\'t know him, Jamwaal nearly succeeds in escaping by pretending to be someone else, but Siddhant calls him on his bluff. Here, Shashank realizes that he has too little time to dispose off the bomb safely and decides to crash the plane along with himself and the fake Neha, much to Siddhant\'s anguish. He bids an emotional farewell to the others and then crashes the plane into a nearby lake. Meanwhile, Aditya also faces the same plight. Siddhant is distraught by the turn of events. Dan has called for help, with which he succeeds in rescuing Aditya just moments before the jeep explodes in a valley. Jamwaal tries to escape, but is tracked down and shot dead by Siddhant in an elevator. The film ends as Shashank\'s ashes are immersed in the river. Siddhant surmises that everything had returned to normal after those 7 days, which were the most difficult days in his life. But he had lost his brother forever, somewhere in the sands of time.'] ['The story opens with the kidnapping of Panna Barve , the daughter of Chief Minister Malti Barve . The responsible gang\'s demand is that one of their members be released from police custody. While in captivity, Panna reminisces about her childhood, where she had to struggle to grow up with a power hungry and inconsiderate mother and a simple, quiet, and spineless father . Panna\'s mother had also been carrying on a rather open affair with party co-member Sawantrao Gadre . Flashback over and Panna soon meets the man behind her kidnapping - Aditya Patel  - who Panna knows from before. Via second flashback, we learn that Panna and "Adi" were lovers once upon a time. Their closeness stemmed from the fact that he also was struggling with a corrupt parent in the form of businessman father, P.N. Patel . Panna and Adi both find solace in a poor basti with the company of Adi\'s old teacher Joshi Master and in the philosophy of poet Bhau , much to the dismay of the couple\'s respective parents. Bhau even goes to the extent of becoming Malti\'s most vociferous opponent. Due to a sudden car accident, however, Adi is presumed dead and Panna loses Adi\'s out-of-wedlock baby before it can be born. Thus ends the second flashback. Getting back to the kidnapping, Adi and Panna reunite after quite some time. They talk to each other and piece together the events that have occurred since their separation. Just then, the missing gang member is sent back to Adi. It is none other than Bhau, who is returned to the gang with his brain destroyed by electric shock. News also comes that Joshi Master is killed in jail and it is portrayed as a suicide. Panna and Adi then decide what the best form of poetic justice will be for their parents. They both sneak into an election campaign of Malti Bave and P.N. Patel , and explode bombs attached to them, thus destroying everything. The film ends with Panna \'s father working as headmaster in a school. Gulzar suggests that although we have already ruined the world for Generation X, we should focus our efforts into the protection and education of our school children. If we shield them from this corruption, they will become the leaders of tomorrow, and they will run the country the way it should be.'] ["Born to East Indian parents, Rashmi Mehra lives a wealthy and care-free life in England, often overspends money, leading her dad to question her closely. On one such occasion, she manages to convince him that she can earn as much as £5000 in one month. He accepts her challenge and she sets out to find work. She soon finds out that it is not easy to get any job, especially without using her dad's name & any job skills. She does manage to convince the owner of 'Suno' FM Radio to let her con a young man in falling in love with her, while she ditches him on a reality show. The young man, Rashmi has in mind is Raj, who also uses the alias of CBI Officer R.B. Mathur, who has come all the way from India to nab a gang of drug-dealers. She will soon find out that Raj, too, has an agenda in falling for her, as he wants to convince his to-be father-in-law, Talwar, that he is married, and Rashmi is his fresh-from-India bride. Things get complicated when the underworld get word of original R.B. Mathur([[Arbaaz Khan  and kidnaps Rashmi mistaken as his bride."] ['Shankar loses his first wife ([[Nanda in an accident.She was died while saving her son  .Due to the incident Deepak loses his voice.Shankar wants to hear Deepak but it is only possible by a operation.So, Shankar tries hard to collect money for the operation.After so much struggle Shankar gets the money for the operation.The Operation gets started ,and becomes successful .After one day of the completition of the operation Shankar asks the doctor to meet Deepak but the doctor suggests him to meet Deepak a day later.To pass the time Shankar goes to factory,where in the excitement to meet Deepak he loses his control and got injured due to which he loses his hearing power. The father who only lives to hear his son ,becomes deaf when his son gets voice.'] ['Yaadon Ki Kasam is an action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Zeenat Aman along with Shakti Kapoor and Asrani, supported by Madan Puri.'] ['Prem  is a happy-go-lucky person who resides with his parents in his small town and runs "Happy Club" &mdash; a club that aims at making people happy. Prem meets Jenny  through a misunderstanding and the two become friends. He is immediately besotted with Jenny and tries to impress her in numerous ways. Jenny is a sweet and simple young woman, who was adopted and brought up by indifferent and uncaring parents. Falling in love with Jenny makes Prem turn over a new leaf. For him, Jenny\'s happiness becomes everything in life. As for Jenny, she is in love with her college friend Rahul . Though heartbroken, Prem still loves her and, for the sake of her happiness, he helps unite her with Rahul when her parents try to force her to get married to someone else for their own benefit. Prem\'s efforts to unite Jenny and Rahul lead to many unusual and comedic adventures, through which Prem is always at Jenny\'s side. However, on Jenny and Rahul\'s wedding day, Jenny realizes that she made a mistake. She realizes that she truly loves Prem and that Rahul and his family are actually very selfish. She is united with Prem and the two happily get married.'] ["Aditya  and his friends are searching for Aditya's wife Suhani . She has been missing for hours a few days after having a fight with Aditya, due to their failing marriage. But Aditya now realizes that he loves her more than anything and is devastated that he can't find her. The film goes into a flashback, where it is seen that Aditya and Suhani meet each other at a wedding. Aditya immediately falls in love with her and pursues her. Suhani at first believes that he is simply flirting with her but later, both realize that they love each other. However Aditya's rich lifestyle and Suhani's middle-class lifestyle creates a rift between their parents. Aditya and Suhani elope and get married in a small ceremony. At first, they live in their respective homes and keep their marriage a secret. However when a proposal comes for Suhani's elder sister, the truth comes out. Aditya and Suhani then move to a dilapidated house and start their married life together. Soon, marital problems threaten to drive them apart. A misunderstanding causes Suhani to think Aditya is having an affair and they both get into a major argument. Suhani then gets involved in a car accident. As she is crossing the street, a car hits her, almost fatally injuring her. Aditya has no idea of this and waits for her to return home, happily thinking that they will patch up. Meanwhile, Suhani is in the hospital, on the verge of death. The film returns to the present, where Aditya has realized that Suhani is missing and is frantically looking for her. It is revealed that IAS officer Yeshwant Rao's  wife, Savitri ([[Tabu  was the one who hit Suhani with her car, although her husband Yeshwant takes the blame. When Aditiya finds out what happened, he threatens Yeshwant that if anything happens to his Suhani, he will not let him live. Savitri then tells Aditiya that the accident was her fault and Aditya makes up with Yeshwant. When Suhani regains consciousness, Aditya runs in and expresses the pain and suffering he went through in the hours of separation. Suhani also expresses her own love and feelings for him. The film ends as Aditya and Suhani finally make up and hug each other on the hospital bed."] ['Dhanakpur village farmer Thakur Jaswant Singh  and Dhanraj Singh  are brothers. They have a younger sister Madhumati, who was used, made pregnant and ditched by Ratan Singh, the son of Thakur Raghuveer Singh from a big Rajput family. The family refuses Jawant Singh\'s request to get his sister married to Ratan. Ratan\'s family refuses to accept that he is guilty, as they are interested in their status. Insulted, Jaswant decides to leave the village. Unable to tolerate the events, Madhumati commits suicide. Frustrated, Dhanraj kills Ratan at his wedding and gets imprisoned. The two families are now bitter enemies. Jaswant moves to Delhi, develops his business, and reaches good status; he also raises Dhanraj\'s kids. Years later, Dhanraj gets released from the prison. Upon release, Dhanraj receives a letter from his son, Raj , an ardent music-lover, who completes his education in Rajput College. An emotional Dhanraj sneaks into Raj\'s college farewell party and is glad to see his son fulfill his dreams. In a twist of fate, Raj and his buddy go to Dhanakpur to clear his family\'s land deal. While returning home, Raj falls for Rashmi , a relative of Raghuveer Singh. Raj sneaks into Rashmi\'s birthday bash. The two meet again at a holiday spot. They become lost in the forest and fall in love while finding a way out together. Raj finds out about Rashmi\'s family but is unable to tell her the truth. When Randhir Singh, Rashmi\'s father, finds out about the affair, he immediately arranges Rashmi\'s wedding. The two lovers take on their families and elope, dreaming of an idyllic life together. Furious, Randhir hires a contract killer to kill Raj. The lovers have a brief interval of happiness. They stay in a deserted fort, happy in their own paradise. When Randhir gets to know their whereabouts, he goes there to bring Rashmi home and ensure that Raj is killed. Randhir\'s mother does not wish for this so she goes to Dhanraj and tells him to save them. Raj leaves the fort to bring some wood for their house. While Raj is away, Randhir meets with Rashmi and tells her to come home; he has "accepted their love". Rashmi is overjoyed at her father\'s words, not knowing the truth. In the forest, Raj is chased by the henchmen. Dhanraj reaches the fort and repeatedly asks him about his son\'s whereabouts. They get in a fight and a gunshot is heard. Rashmi leaves the scene to make sure that Raj is okay. He is just about to be shot, but on seeing Rashmi, the henchman shoots her instead. She is shot twice and rolls down the hill. Raj overpowers the henchman and reaches Rashmi\'s side, crying. They promise never to leave each other. On saying this, Rashmi breathes her last in Raj\'s arms. A grief-stricken Raj is devastated by Rashmi\'s death, and says that nothing can separate them. He commits suicide with a dagger given to him by Rashmi, and dies with his head on Rashmi\'s chest. The final scene is both families running toward them; the lovers are together, never to be separated, as the sun sets behind them.'] ["Deven Yuvvraaj  is a struggling singer who signs an agreement with his girlfriend Anushka’s  father Dr. Banton  to become a billionaire in 40 days. To acquire this wealth, he has to go through an emotional roller coaster journey of joy and pain with his two estranged brothers, Gyanesh Yuvvraaj  and Danny Yuvvraaj , who he meets after 12 years. On meeting them, he realizes that they are two individuals who are completely opposite to each other, which makes his task all the more difficult. He goes to his house to meet his brother and to get his share; but after reaching home, he finds out that, according to his father's will, only Gyanesh Yuvvraaj will be the heir of the entire property."] ['Saraswati is indifferently raised by his step mother and yet he grows up and becomes a compassionate person who has lofty ideas and decides to do without his personal happiness without informing his father, who fixes his marriage to Kumud an educated girl from a rich family. Saraswati decides to cancel the engagement and writes to Kumud to inform her. But soon she replies and soon the two keep on exchanging letters. Soon Saraswati decides to defy the customs and pays a visit to his fiancée. The two soon serenade and a short lived romance takes place and soon Saraswati returns home after promising Kumud and her family that he would return. However, on his return a family feud takes place and Saraswati writes to Kumud that he is not able to marry her.'] ["Rajinikanth is an auto mechanic and brother of Vijayakumar who works in Jaishankar's estate as a clerk. The movie portrays the events dealing with the clash between Rajini and Jaishankar. Radha is the love interest of Rajini and Y.G.Mahendran provides the comic relief."] ['Shree 420 is the tale of a country boy, Raj , from Allahabad, who travels to the big city, Bombay, by walking, to earn a living. He falls in love with the poor but virtuous Vidya , but is soon seduced by the riches of a freewheeling and unethical lifestyle presented to him by an unscrupulous and dishonest businessman, Seth Sonachand Dharmanand  and the sultry temptress Maya ([[Nadira . He eventually becomes a confidence trickster, or "420," who even cheats in card gambling. Vidya tries hard to make Raj a good man but fails. Meanwhile, Sonachand comes up with another scheme to exploit poor people, whereby he promises permanent homes to them at just Rs. 100. The scheme pays off, as people start hoarding money for a home, even at the cost of other important things. Vidya\'s contempt for Raj increases even more. Raj becomes wealthy, but soon realizes that he paid a very high price for it. When Raj discovers that Sonachand has no plans to fulfill his promises, he decides to make wrongs right. Raj takes all the bond papers of the people\'s homes and tries to flee Sonachand\'s home, only to be caught by Sonachand and his cronies. In a scuffle that occurs, Sonachand shoots Raj dead. When people hear the shooting, they come and see Raj dead. Sonachand tells police that Raj was trying to flee after stealing money from his safe, hence Sonachand shot him. Upon this, the \'dead\' Raj springs back to life and using pure logic, proves Sonachand\'s guilt. Sonachand and his partners are arrested, while Vidya happily forgives Raj. The film ends with Raj saying "Yeh 420 nahin, shree 420 hain".'] ['When a smuggler kills his sister, a mentally impaired man  vows to deliver justice and joins a martial arts school. He trains hard there to become a master fighter, honing his fighting skills. Taking on a new identity, Paayum Puli , he sets off for revenge, but a beautiful woman  soon puts a hitch in his plans. Manorama, Silk Smitha and Jaishankar also star in this action-packed movie.'] ["Anju and Manju are twins separated when babies thanks to their mentally retarded nanny. An evil uncle Tribhuvan gets their parents killed in a car accident. He brings up Anju as coy and easily frightened girl. Manju grows up in a basti as a happy-go-lucky stage dancer. After a lot of terrifying days in Anju's life, one day she runs away from home. On that very day, Manju has a fight with her childhood companion and neighbor Jaggu, a friendly beer drinking taxi driver. With twist of fate, their paths cross but they never meet. They somehow end up at each others place. Sooraj is in love with Manju."] [' The movie\'s plot shares a lot in common with Ghajini, an A.R. Murugadoss film. The major elements of the plot, a man out to revenge a wrong by murdering the culprit, is identical. Shakti  is a young man from a village, with no job but tons of ambition and dreams. As he sees his life pass him by, stuck in a rut in his hometown, he decides that he will try his fortunes elsewhere. Chennai beckons him and off goes Shakti, to join his uncle Kirikalam , who has a stall of magic tricks at an exhibition. No, Kirikalam is not really a magician, but is posing as one and his amateurish tricks don\'t exactly bring in big crowds. Next door to Shakti and Kirikalam\'s stall though, is ever-populated with visitors. The reason: it\'s an all-girls stand, with mermaid costumes as the theme! Velli  is the \'head mermaid\' at this stall run by her sister, and bitter quarrels between Shakti and Velli ensue, when Shakti feels that Velli and her team are unfairly taking their customers away and Velli has this impression of Shakti being an unsavoury character. We see this misunderstanding at different occasions where Velli and Madhavan just happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time - be it when Shakti gets off the bus from his village, asks for directions and is told to follow Velli, walking in the distance  or when Shakti finally catches up with a miscreant who had picked his pocket and demands his money back....only Velli walks into the scene only at the demanding part! This whole collage of scenes is animated, with Kirikalam and Shakti trying to woo customers back to their stall, Shakti and Velli getting into arguments and a general state of "fun" ruckus. Of course, love has been brewing as an undercurrent between the two young people... Manivannan plays the character of the owner of the exhibition grounds and keeps harassing Velli under some pretext or the other, like the rent not being paid on time. In fact, he has a soft spot for Velli, feelings thoroughly rejected by her. He finally abducts her, but Shakti rescues Velli. Similarly, Velli\'s plight is repeated when her "mora maapillai"  enters the scene and tries to force her to be with him; and Shakti steps in once again to save and protect Velli. The undercurrents of love blow up into a full-fledged torrent and Velli and Shakti make up for all of their lost time professing their love for each other and romancing their way happily through the exhibition. Meanwhile, we see a series of murders in different towns of the state and two perpetrators of these crimes slinking away from each. Not every time is it foolproof though, and at one crime scene, a witness spots the main culprit. He is instructed by the police to sketch and give them a pictorial description of the murderer, when it comes to the police\'s knowledge that both the criminals have been seen at Kumbakonam some time ago. Going thru various fact files, the police comes across the incident of a bad fire at a marriage hall in Kumbakonam and as the officer in charge of the investigation  flips through the picture files of the deceased, Kannan\'s  face is shown and the witness jumps! He tells the police he doesn\'t need to sketch anything when the face of the main murderer itself is staring them in the eye - he points to the photo of Kannan - it is the face of Shakti, only this one has light eyes... Investigations into the murder lead the police to Chennai and as luck would have it, Shakti is spotted, recognized and arrested. Kannan, on the other hand follows the murder investigation and is upset to find that an innocent man has been captured for crimes he has committed. He meets Kirikalam and Velli and plots to help Shakti get out. And so he does, and Shakti and he escape by the skin of their teeth. After much chase-and-hide, Kannan tells the story of what led him to murder all those people - flashback time.... Kannan, his elder brother and his father were renowned caterers and were commissioned to cook for a marriage function in Kumbakonam. The host was Kannan\'s father\'s friend and this gentleman\'s daughter was getting married in a joyous ceremony. There, Kannan meets Jyoti  and falls in love instantly. At first he panics that Jyoti is the bride at the function but is vastly relieved when he finds out she is not. She really likes Kannan too and it all seems like Wonderland. Unfortunately, the groom creates trouble at the wedding and walks out, leaving the family distraught and desperate. Suddenly Kannan makes a suggestion: Father, this is our friend\'s wedding and the bride is a wonderful girl. Why can\'t Anna  marry her? A brilliant idea and it is decided... only fate has to fell her axe right then, when all hell breaks loose and a raging fire attacks the marriage house. The father of the bride is a good man, and a dignitary in the town of Kumbakonam. He comes to know that a bunch of powerful thugs and gang leaders have sold a large piece of government property to a north Indian businessman, completely illegally at exorbitant prices, with no gain for the townspeople themselves! He strongly opposes them and all their mischief comes to public notice and foils their plans. They want his blood as revenge. They set fire to the building of the wedding and kill every single inmate inside - but two people escape, Kannan and his friend. Kannan, whose light eyes are a result of the fire  is heartbroken and devastated at the loss of his entire family and lady love at what was to be a joyous, happy occasion. He vows retribution on the villains and sets about cold- bloodedly fulfilling this. Shakti decides to help Kannan achieve his revenge. At the end, however, Kannan sacrifices his own life to kill the final baddie, and he reunites with his family and lady love in heaven.'] ['A Child born of Illegitimate Relationship is named Heera after the name of a Dog by a Drunkard who makes him work Hard for Liquor. After knowing that he is a Laawaris , he leaves home looking for a job with Ranjeet. Fate brings Heera and his Biological Father together. Will they ever know about the Relation between them ? What happens if they know ? is the Theme of Laawaris'] ["Nandini  is the daughter of Pandit Darbar , renowned proponent of Indian classical music, living in the Rann of Kutch. Nandini has been brought up with more freedom and education than her siblings, as she is the most beloved of Pandit Darbar. Into this carefree life enters Sameer , a boy of Indo-Italian parentage who wants to learn Indian classical music from Pandit Darbar. Sameer stays with the Darbar family, and Nandini is asked to vacate her room to give the guest the nicest room in the manor. Nandini takes a dislike to Sameer, and the two keep playing pranks on each other, but soon realise they are in love. Their love blossoms in the Darbar household around weddings, festivals and family get-togethers. One day the pair are caught rehearsing their wedding vows and dreaming of their future together by Pandit Darbar, who becomes furious with them. He has already planned Nandini's wedding. Sameer is kicked out of the house and asked never to contact Nandini again. Sameer does not leave India immediately. He stays in town and writes letters to Nandini asking her to join him, but his letters do not reach her in time. Nandini's parents have arranged to get her married to Vanraj &nbsp;— who had fallen in love with Nandini during her cousin's wedding. On the wedding night, Vanraj realises that Nandini is not herself and tries to ask her why she is not responding to his love. He asks her for the truth, promising he will help her no matter what. Nandini stays quiet but is later caught reading Sameer's letters. Vanraj is very angry at first as all he had asked was the truth from her. When he realises that his wife is in love with another man, he shows the ultimate love by taking Nandini to Italy and help her search for Sameer, to the initial dislike--but eventual approval--of his own parents. Nandini and Vanraj arrive in Italy and start searching for Sameer but always come up against dead ends. During their search, they face many problems and dilemmas and slowly Nandini gets to see what Vanraj really is like. She sees Vanraj selflessly devoting himself to caring for her during her stay in hospital after an incident. Eventually they get news about Sameer through his mother (played by [[Helen , and Vanraj arranges for Nandini to meet Sameer on the night of his debut concert. His job done, Vanraj says goodbye to Nandini and walks away. Nandini and Sameer meet, but the matured Nandini's feelings for him have changed. She reflects on the unwavering love and devotion that Vanraj showed her throughout their whole relationship, and realises that Vanraj was her true soul mate. She leaves Sameer and catches up with Vanraj."] ["Circumstances have made Shaka a career criminal. When plague empties a town of its inhabitants, he takes the opportunity to burgle a house. He finds nothing except Shanti, a widowed daughter-in-law who has been left to die by her cruel relatives. Shaka nurses her back to health. When her relatives return they are not pleased to find her alive and even less pleased to discover that someone has tried to rob them. Shanti gets the blame and a beating. Shaka saves her from worse, at the hands of brother-in-law, and the pair flee. They set up home in Shaka's house, much to the displeasure of the respectable neighbours who are all too ready to think the worst. Shanti's relatives are dismayed when a lawyer arrives to announce that Shanti has been left a legacy. They hatch a plot to get her back. Meanwhile, Shaka's rehabilitation is proceeding - much to the chagrin of his former criminal associates. Fire and redemption for some, death and handcuffs for others is what fate has in store."] [' Dil Dosti Etc explores the ambiguities of the youth years. The movie is about coming of age of Apurv , a rich, aimless and cynical 18 year old young man, who has just entered college in Delhi. Juxtaposed against the aimlessness of Apurv is also the story of Sanjay Mishra , an ambitious Bihari student & politician with limited means. They represent two divergent world views—the liberal versus the conservative, the no-strings attached versus the committed, the elite versus the middle-class. Directionless and laidback, Apurv searches for meaning in life through amorous escapades with different girls, including a sex-worker Vaishali  and a school girl Kintu . Meanwhile Sanjay works single-mindedly to win the college Presidential elections, and yet catches the attention of a rich model Prerna . Dil Dosti Etc is woven together with an ensemble of other characters, who have their own stories to tell. Set against all these is a silly wager that the two protagonists engage in. Sanjay will win the elections and Apurv will manage to have sex with three women in a day. As the film moves towards a volatile climax, you get to test the film’s premise, when you’re young, you believe the possibilities are endless.'] ["Set against the backdrop of rural Bengal during feudal times, Devdas is the story of a doomed love affair between Devdas , son of the local zamindar , a high-caste Brahmin, and Parvati , the daughter of their neighbour, also a Brahmin, but belonging to a slightly lower status in terms of caste, affluence and status. They grow up as childhood sweethearts. When they decide to marry, Devdas' father puts his foot down, packing his younger son off to Calcutta for higher studies. Parvati's marriage is finalized with a wealthy zamindar, a widower with children older than his young second wife. Learning about Parvati's marriage, Devdas rushes back to his village and tries to stop it, in vain. Parvati is prepared to elope with him: Devdas refuses and Parvati leaves his room in the middle of the night, castigating him for his cowardice.  In Calcutta, Chunilal  introduces him to an attractive and strong-willed courtesan, Chandramukhi , and initiates Devdas into the darker corridors of the city. Devdas finds an easy escape in drink and though he insists that he hates Chandramukhi, he keeps coming back to her for moral support. Chandramukhi falls in love with him. He meets Parvati once more, when he returns to the village to perform the last rites of his father. He bequeaths his share of the family wealth to his older brother, ear-marking a part of it for his mother during her lifetime. Parvati pleads with him to give up drinking. He evades a direct reply and instead promises to see her at least one last time before he dies. Back to the city, he drowns himself in drink. Chandramukhi gives up the life of a professional courtesan and concentrates on nursing Devdas back to health. He gives up drinking for some time and is advised to go on a holiday. He embarks on a train journey across the country, destination unknown. He stealthily runs away one night, leaving his faithful family retinue Dharamdas in the train when he chances upon a junction station that will take him to Manikpur where Parvati lives. He treks along in a bullock cart to see Parvati one last time. He dies a tragic and painful death under a tree outside her house before Parvati can see him."] ["The main character is journalist named Digu Tipnis  who uncovers network of telephone tapping, relations between trade unions and politicians etc. The plot addresses Maharashtra's political corruption linked with Mumbai's enterpreneurial sector.{{cite web}}"] ["Valluvanar  is an upright political leader in Tamil Nadu much respected for his honesty and uprightness. And he refuses to compromise on this trait even when his only son Kamban  finds himself in jail for no fault of his. The opposition party takes advantage of the situation and bails out Kamban, who joins this party much to his father's embarrassment. The media laps it up sensationalizing it further. Then Kamban decides to leave the country until things cool down. Only his mother Vasuki with whom he is close is aware of this plan. Kamban arrives at Sri Lanka where he be-friend's Banerjee, a Bengali and Kamban stays with him. One day he finds a Tamil literary book on the beach which he traces to Shilpa the owner of the book. Shilpa  is a college student preparing for the civil services examination. The film juggles between reality and fiction, where Theepori, the fictitious father image of Kamban advises him to fall in love. That sets in rolling the love story as Kamban persists in wooing Shilpa. She is staying with her brother's family. Shilpa is keen on realizing her ambitions and feels that love and marriage often comes in the way of women's career. The rest of the story is about the emotional conflict between her career and love."] ["Chandni , a lower class talented night club singer and dancer, who happens to be religious, and well mannered, lives an unfortunate life with her three aunts, who dominate her life, and with a weak maternal grandmother. She dances for a living because it is the only way she can support her poor family and she hopes to give her nieces an education. One night while singing, she meets Rahul , a young wealthy womanizer, and falls in love with him. Rahul feels attracted to her but he does not take her seriously. He intends to treat her just like any of his other girlfriends, and only wants to have a short affair. They get into fights all the time, only to become friends again. In one scene, she rejects his gift, which was a reparation for trying to kiss her. She feels as if he keeps following her. Later on, she is stuck alone in London, being chased by an old Indian pervert who tricked her into getting in to his car since she was stuck outside the Indian embassy. She runs out of the car after the old man tries molesting her and is coincidentally saved by Rahul. Rahul invites her to stay at his rather luxurious hotel. One day, however, his Dadaji , mentions that he wants to see Rahul married to Chandni. In order to fool him, Rahul asks Chandni to pretend to be his wife, which she accepts. After Dadaji leaves, Rahul and Chandni have a big fight, where Rahul slaps Chandni, and both decide to go their separate ways . However, Rahul realizes that he has fallen in love with her. He follows her back to India from London. He goes to her home and asks to speak to her, but she refuses to listen to him. So he yells out his apologies in front of her house and states that he loves her, while a crowd gathers. His ex-friend arrives there with a gang and they get into a fight. When Rahul is almost about to murder his ex friend, Chandni comes out and tells him to not ruin his life by killing Harry. Rahul then proposes to her, and Chandni wants to accept, except that she had previously promised her cold-blooded manager that she would move to another city and open a bar with him. The manager feels as if he has witnessed true love and kindly lets Chandni go. Chandni then accepts Rahul's proposal and the movie ends with them embracing each other."] ["Anjooran , and his four sons Balaraman , Swaminathan ([[Innocent , Premachandran  and Ramabhadran ([[Mukesh  are in severe enmity with Anappara family for past decades. Anjooran never fails any chance to belittle Anappara Achama . Anjooran and his sons also have a bitter hatred against women and the entry of women is prohibited into their house. While, the three elder brothers are ventured into business, Ramabhadran is a law student. At college, he along with his friend Mayin Kutty , tries all ways to humiliate Malu ([[Kanaka , the grand daughter of Anappara Achama, who is also his classmate. Malu gets engaged to a state minister, but the minister withdraws from the relation as Anjooran intervenes and threatens him of political consequences. Anappara Achamma hatches a plan to divide Anjooran's family. She advises Malu to act as if she is in love with Ramabhadran and makes him turn against his father. As per the advise of her grand mother she expresses her her feelings to Ramabhadran. With the encouragement of Mayin Kutty, Ramabhadran too acts as if he is in love with her. But with time, both develops a liking with each other. In meantime, both Ramabhadran and Mayin Kutty find out that Swaminathan is already married to Kochammini , a dance teacher and also has two kids. Swaminathan promises Ramabhadran that he will help in uniting him and Malu. Upon knowing about marriage Anjooran brutally beats Swaminathan. He throws out both Swaminathan and Ramabhadran out of the house for ever. Anappara Achamma is shocked to know that Malu is really in love with Ramabhadran. She along with her sons decides to get her married to Dr. Balakrishnan, son of their advocate. She sends her sons to Anjooran asking him to offer security at the marriage ceremony to stop Ramabhadran from marrying Malu, which Anjooran agrees. At the same time, she also approaches Ramabhadran informing him that she is willing to get Malu married to him. In reality, she was planning to get both Anjooran and Ramabhadran fight each other. But on the day of marriage, Ramabhadran, Swaminathan, Mayin Kutty and Kochammini dupes all and enters the marriage hall. They also successfully escapes from the clutches of goons and Ramabhadran enters on the podium. He, but refuses to marry Malu, saying that he needs his father's permisiion to do that. He also makes Anjooran realizes about the wicked plan of Achamma to separate him with his father. Anjooran agrees for the marriage and blesses the couple. He then takes all to his house and throws away the board that denied entry of women to his house."] ["The film revolves around the character of Shalu  and her relationships with her mother, Saritaji , and sister, Nimmi . Unknown to the two girls, Shalu and Nimmi are only half-sisters, as Shalu is the daughter of Saritaji's late husband with the woman he had been having an affair with. Wounded in a car accident with the other woman, he begged Saritaji on his death bed to accept Shalu. Although Saritaji adopted Shalu, she has given her none of the love that she has shown to her real daughter, Nimmi; Shalu's hidden parentage is the main factor that causes Saritaji to openly pay more affection to her own daughter while ignoring Shalu. Shalu, on the other hand, loves Saritaji, whom she believes is her own mother. She constantly craves her mother's affection but does not get it, so she retaliates by being rebellious, as that is the only way to get her mother's attention. Unlike their mother, Nimmi loves her sister very much, and constantly stands up for Shalu, though she refuses to think ill will of Saritaji. Eventually a young man named Dev Khanna  enters both their lives. Dev and Shalu initially do not get along but soon fall in love. However, circumstances make Nimmi believe that Dev is in love with her, not Shalu. Her mother, only aware of Nimmi's side of the story, offers a marriage proposal to Dev's father  on Nimmi's behalf. When Saritaji sees Dev and Shalu being affectionate, she jumps to the conclusion that Shalu has stolen Dev from Nimmi, just as Shalu's mother stole Saritaji's husband from her. Saritaji confronts Shalu in anger and reveals her true heritage in front of Nimmi.  Shalu, who has long craved her mother's love, decides to sacrifice Dev in order to make her beloved mother and sister happy. When Dev learns of this situation from Shalu, he is confused and dismayed, but agrees to marry Nimmi in order to make Shalu happy. When Nimmi notices that something is wrong with Shalu, Shalu deflects the question by saying that she has fallen in love with Samir , her childhood best friend who has been in love with her for years. On the engagement day, Saritaji's political rivals try to use Shalu's secret illegitimate heritage to threaten Nimmi's marriage to Dev, who is in a prominent family. Shalu takes matters into her own hands, and she rushes to Dev's house where she publicly announces to Dev's entire family that she is illegitimate, arguing that it is proof of Saritaji's kindness and generosity that Shalu was adopted into her family, and it would be an injustice if the marriage were cancelled solely because of her. Dev's father is impressed with Shalu's courage, and promises that nothing will stop this marriage from taking place. Saritaji secretly witnesses Shalu's confession and is deeply touched. She is ashamed of how she has treated Shalu in the past, and they share their first hug together. Saritaji tells her that she will ask Nimmi to step aside if Shalu and Dev are really in love, but Shalu stops her from doing so, saying that now she has her mother's love and acceptance, she does not want anything else. Nimmi is very happy that her mother has accepted Shalu but she still feels that something is not quite right with her sister. She soon learns from Samir of the whole ruse, and gladly steps aside in order for Shalu and Dev to be together."] ["My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves starts with a gangster and killer, Sikander , murdering someone with his gang; they bury him and flee. Then the story line drops to a young man, Anthony Gonsalves , who accepts Sikander for his father, guru, everything, since Sikander adopted Anthony when he was a young child living on the streets. He didn't exactly adopt him, since he says that his real father is the town priest . Anthony's big dream is to become a famous and wealthy actor and be as kind as Sikander&mdash;he doesn't know that Sikander is a murderer. Sikander never told him because he wanted Anthony to be a kind and nice gentleman, unlike himself. Anthony has big dreams, like living with high society peoples, meeting his idols, Priyanka Chopra, etc. One day when Anthony is practicing film dialogues with a couple of street gangsters, he meets Riya , a woman who has no more family, is an orphan, who lives a middle-class lifestyle in Mumbai and works as an assistant director for a movie producer, Bharucha . Anthony introduces himself as the son of Jeffrey, who died in 1986, and works as a waiter in Jimmy's Pub, Bandra. She meets him again in the studios when he comes to audition for the part of Mark Anthony in a re-make of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. Both are attracted to each other and continue to meet. Little does Riya know that Anthony has lied to her, as he never had a father by the name of Jeffrey. When he gets the role of Mark Anthony, he goes to tell Sikander and he sees him murdering a person. Anthony now knows the true side of Sikander. Anthony doesn't tell, but somehow how police inspector Khan  finds out and goes to alert for Sikander, for which he needs the help of Anthony. He gets Anthony on his side, but Anthony is a man on his word and blames all the murders on Sikander's boss . To make it look real, Anthony does fake stunts, like blowing Murtaza's factory up and acting dead. In the climax, Anthony, Sikander, and the priest who raised Anthony, get together to kill Sikander's boss; that's when the police enter. Sikander gets arrested. Anthony marries Riya and becomes a big hero, a superstar, and his dreams come true."] ['Tony, a village orphan marries his sweetheart but loses her in childbirth. He showers all his love and devotion on his child Mary. Mary falls in love with a playboy and when he refuses to marry her, Tony goes to meet him but finds him dead. Subsequently, Tony is arrested and sentenced for life but he flees from custody. Years later, when Tony returns as Tarun Kumar Gupta, Mary is delighted and relieved. Unfortunately for Tony, he must now decide whether to run away again or face arrest and impirsonment.'] ["Ratnapuri is a small kingdom besieged by manifold troubles. The King’s only daughter Ratna  is kidnapped and the King dies without naming any successors. Marthandan , a member of the royal family is chosen by the majority of the imperial council, including the ministers and the commander-in-chief, to be the new ruler. However, the Rajaguru  has a different idea. Unknown to anyone, he has the princess Ratna in his custody in an island. Ratna has grown up completely unaware of her ancestry. Meanwhile, the Rajaguru plans to do get rid of Marthandan and put up his stooge Pingalan  as the King. He then plans to marry Ratna himself, get rid of Pingalan, and declare himself the ruler. Meanwhile, Veerabagu , the loyal bodyguard of the erstwhile King, and his gang of committed people, including his son Bhoopathi and daughter Madana  are furious at an outsider ascending the throne. Elsewhere in the kingdom, people are far from happy. Shortage of food and unemployment are rampant all around. Violent protests erupt all over the kingdom, and the protesters led by the revolutionary Veerangan , an activist for a democratic government, march to the palace condemning the monarchy and demanding democracy. Veerangan is arrested and imprisoned. Madana is also incarcerated in the same prison on a similar charge. They are pardoned and released on the occasion of the coronation of Marthandan. They travel together from Naganathapuram to Ratnapuri. Sharing the same ideals and revolutionary thoughts, they find themselves falling in love. In the meantime Marthandan arrives at Ratnapuri, but the Rajaguru asks him to stay in an isolated palace in the outskirts and should not meet his consort Queen Manohari  until the coronation, citing the inauspicious placement of the stars. The twist in the tale comes when we come to know that Marthandan and Veerangan are look-alikes. Veerangan is mistaken for Marthandan in a few tight situations and finally they get to meet each other. Veeran  on the run from monarchists ends up in the room of his lookalike prince Marthandan. Veerangan speaks of the pathetic state of the poor and the oppressed and the noble Marthandan agrees to set right the ills as soon as he takes charge. However, on the eve of the coronation, the Rajaguru arranges Marthandan to be poisoned so with help of the royal advisor Karmegam  that he could then seat Pingalan on the throne. Marthandan swoons after drinking a few sips of the poisoned beverage. The hastily summoned doctor does the needful and saves Marthandan. However, Marthandan is still unconscious and apparently would remain so for the next few days. An assassination attempt leaves the prince incapacitated, and Veeran has to take his place at the coronation. The commander  and minister persuade Veerangan to take Marthandan’s place to ensure that the coronation takes place as scheduled. A reluctant Veerangan agrees to do so in the interests of the state, and arrives in the assembly just in time for the coronation. The Rajaguru is taken aback and sends his men to investigate. The villains find the unconscious Marthandan and take him to their hideout and later to the same island where the Ratna has been living all along. With Marthandan’s sudden disappearance, Veerangan now finds himself saddled with the role of the King for much more than just the couple of days that he had initially bargained for. The replacement King starts a series of 'people oriented' reforms which cause a political upheaval among the elite. He puts the opportunity to good use, and enacts several measures for the uplift of the poor. He is however troubled by the fact that he is deceiving the Queen Manohari who believes him to be her husband Marthandan. At one stage he is forced to reveal the truth to Manohari and perceiving his noble character, she accepts him as her brother. In the meantime Madana is killed by Pingalan’s men, and a grief-stricken Veerangan vows to avenge her death. Then it comes to light that the original heir to the throne had been kidnapped and the prince has also been kidnapped to an island. Madana’s father gets to know of Marthandan’s whereabouts and passes on the information to Veerangan. The rescuing of the real heir and the prince forms the rest of the story. Veerangan sails to the island and comes across Ratna. He identifies her by her unique birthmark and rescues her from Pingalan’s clutches. They travel to the cave atop a hill where Marthandan is held captive, and Veerangan succeeds in bringing him out. And at the end of the thrilling climax, replete with snakes, sword fights, flooding waters, collapsing rope-bridge and what not, the Rajaguru meets a watery death. All is well that ends well - Veerangan weds Ratna, and Marthandan issues a proclamation pronouncing Ratnapuri to be a democratic nation."] ["Ballu  is a gangster who is arrested by Inspector Ram . Ram shows compassion to Ballu while trying to get him to provide information that would lead to capture of Ballu's boss and mentor Roshida. Ballu does not speak, and he promises to escape from the jail. Ballu escapes from jail while Ram is visiting his girlfriend Ganga  who is also a police officer. When news of this breaks out, Ram's reputation is in tatters as the media portrays Ram as an officer who has neglected his duty. Ganga, in an attempt to restore Ram's reputation, secretly goes undercover as a street-girl. Ganga realises that Ballu is a good-hearted person who turned to crime due to poverty and circumstances. Ganga tries to rehabilitate Ballu while on the run. Meanwhile Ballu begins to fall in love with Ganga. He becomes enraged when he finds out she doesn't love him and is a police officer. Ganga continues to help Ballu as she has seen the good in him and tries to prove that she is truly trying to help him. Meanwhile Ram approaches Ballu's mother for help and realises that Ballu is in fact his childhood friend. Ballu's mother / Ballu then tell Ram / Ganga the story of how Rosida used their poverty to corrupt Ballu. Roshida killed Ballu's sister, blaming the police. Ballu kills the officer he believes to be behind this and from then on spirals into a life of crime. Ganga, afraid that police will kill Ballu,stops the police from shooting him, allowing him to escape. She is hence arrested for aiding a criminal and is accused of being in a relationship with Ballu this destroying her police and personal reputation. Ballu's mother finds Ballu, however she is followed by Ram. In the following confrontation Ballu's mother takes Ram's side trying to convince Ballu to give himself up. Ballu seeing Ganga's picture in Ram's wallet realises that this is who she loves. Ballu manages to escape to Roshida's base where Roshida promises to help Ballu escape but betrays him and attempts to kill him and his mother. The police, led by Ram attack Roshida's lair. In the ensuing conflict Ballu finds out that Roshida killed his sister. Ram kills Roshida and Ballu escapes. Following Roshida's death Ballu installs himself as the new boss - but his girlfriend informs him that Ganga is about to go on trial for aiding him. Having a change of heart, Ballu appears to attack the court but then surrenders himself and swears that Ganga is innocent, thereby restoring her reputation and reconciling her and Ram."] ["The film begins with a baby taking his first steps on a beach supported by his father. The narrator  states that, it is right for a father to support his child in his infancy, but questions whether the father should continue to hold the child's hand even after he is 24 years old. As the credits roll, a visibly angry Siddharth Siddhu Addala  begins verbally abuseing all the fathers in the world. When queried about his disgust, he says that his father, Aravind , gives him more than what he asks for. He cites instances where his choices of dressing, hairstyle, and many others are overruled by his father's. However, he vows that his career and the woman he marries will be his own choice. Post-credits, Satti ([[Sunil , Addala household's dutiful servant wakes up Siddhu in the morning. In the background, Siddhu's mother, Lakshmi , is seen singing a devotional Telugu song while cooking. At the dining table, Aravind, Managing Director of their construction company, asks if Siddhu will join their office. When Siddhu deliberates, his father becomes impatient and plans for his marriage despite Siddhu's silent protest. The next week, Siddhu returns home to realize that he is going to get engaged to Subbulakshmi  against his wishes. He speaks with her only to realize that she is a daddy's girl  and does not take a liking to her. However, with Aravind's final say, they eventually get engaged. While contemplating on his options in a temple, Siddhu accidentally meets Hasini , an engineering student. Siddhu is attracted by her cheerful nature and energy, and the couple begin to meet on a regular basis. As the days go by, Siddhu grows to admire the ever-friendly Hasini as someone who does what she loves, and he discovers many small things which make him happy to be in her company; he realizes that he has fallen in love with her. Alongside this, Siddhu applies for a bank loan to start his construction company. When his love for Hasini deepens, he wishes to propose to her. He confesses to her that he is engaged to Subbulakshmi against his wishes, but who he really wants is her. On learning of his engagement, Hasini gets dejected, but comes back a few days later and asks him to do what he wishes for and accepts his proposal. At this juncture, the ecstatic Siddhu is seen by a furious Arvind. Siddhu is admonished back home and he expresses his disinterest in marrying Subbulakshmi. When asked for his reason to like Hasini, Siddhu replies that if Hasini can stay with their family for a week, then all their questions shall be answered. He convinces Hasini to stay at his house after lying to her father, Kanaka Rao  that she is going on a college tour. When Hasini is introduced to Siddhu's family, she gets a lukewarm welcome. As she settles down in the house, the other family members begin to like her. Even though getting used to the living habits of the authoritarian Arvind's household is difficult, Hasini stays for Siddhu's sake. In the meanwhile, Arvind reprimands Siddhu when he finds out about his bank loan and his career plans, only to further enrage Siddhu. One day, the entire family along with Hasini attends a marriage ceremony. A cheerful Hasini cheers up the ceremony with her playful nature. Coincidentally, Kanaka Rao who happens to be around, recognizes Siddhu as the drunken young man whom he encountered on an earlier occasion. Hasini realizes her father's presence and quickly exits to avoid his attention. After saving their face, Siddhu admonishes Hasini for her antics at the marriage. A sad and angry Hasini moves out of the house saying that she does not find Siddhu the same and that she cannot put on an act if she stays in their house. After getting back to her house, she rebuilds the trust her father has in her while Siddhu is left forlorn. Lakshmi confronts Arvind on Siddhu's choices and wants. In the process, Siddhu opens up his heart, leaving Arvind to repent on his over-protectiveness. Siddhu requests Subbulakshmi and her parents to call off the marriage. While they relent, Arvind manages to convince Kanaka Rao about Siddhu and Hasini's love. When Kanaka Rao disagrees to get the two lovers married, Aravid suggests letting Siddhu stay with them for a week and the story returns to the pre-credits scene. The viewers are left to assume that the two lovers have a happy union."] ["Kamal Kishore Khosla  is a middle-class man living in New Delhi. He is a simple man with simple tastes. The film begins with a dream sequence where Khosla sees his death, the irony being that nobody really cares about his demise; instead his children and neighbours are more occupied with banal small talk. Waking up from this nightmare, Khosla goes to visit a site where he has purchased a plot of land to build a house. He is accompanied by his family — wife, elder son Balwant a.k.a. Bunty , younger son Chironji Lal a.k.a. Cherry  , and his daughter. Kamal Kishore has invested all of his savings  into buying the plot; Cherry is not too interested in his father's future plans of settling together in the new house. He is a software engineer and, although a source of pride for his father, he finds his current lifestyle too drab and has planned to shift to the US by taking up a job there. However, he has not let his family in on his plans. The only person Cherry discusses his plan with are Asif Iqbal , the agent helping him with his passport and visa paperwork. Much later, he shares this with his close friend Meghna  — who has a very visible romantic interest in him  — she, however, feels hurt and angered by his choice to desert her and his family. Just when Cherry reveals his migration plans to his family, who are all disturbed by it, during a routine family visit to their land, they find the plot encroached upon by someone. Probing further reveals that the squatters are part of a property usurping nexus headed by the corrupt and powerful Kishan Khurana . Upon being urged so by the property dealer who had facilitated the purchase of the plot, Kamal Kishore and Bunty visit Khurana. Khurana places before them, a demand for Rs. 15 lacs  to vacate the plot, an amount which Khosla neither has nor agrees to pay. Kamal Kishore appeals to authorities and agencies, including the police, lawyers, political parties, NGOs and social activists for help. None of them offers more than to get the amount demanded by Khurana reduced by a few lacs, in exchange for a hefty commission for mediating, of course. Spurred by his father's helplessness, Bunty gets help from a gang of local strongmen  who demolish the boundary walls built by Khurana's men and take possession of the plot back by force. This success is short-lived as the corrupt Khurana has the police in his pocket and Kamal Kishore is arrested on trumped up charges of trespass. Released at Khurana's guileful behest after spending a day in the police lock-up, Khosla's will is broken and pride battered. After the catastrophic event Khosla tells his family  to avoid taking any further action as he is not capable of fighting back and wants Cherry to concentrate on the job that he's arranging abroad. Cherry discusses the grim situation with Asif Iqbal who is revealed to have been an old partner of Khurana's and who has been cheated by him, usurping Asif's own ancestral land. Asif offers to help the Khoslas with a group of Meghna's friends, turn the tables on Khurana and beat him at his own game, duping him Rs. 3.5 million in cash. From that money, Kamal Kishore pays a renegotiated 12 lacs to Khurana and gets possession of his plot back, and the remaining spoils are split between the Khoslas, Asif and Meghna's friends. The turmoil suffered throughout by the family and the victory of their efforts stirs emotions that bring Cherry close to Meghna and his family. Cherry scraps his plans of migrating to the US, marries Meghna and settles with his family in their new abode built on their plot. As an additional favour, his father allows him to change his name from Chironji Lal to Chirag. As for Khurana, he is left looking bitter, having finally tasted his own medicine."] ["The film begins in a small village in Sri Lanka called Mankulam, where a Sri Lankan Tamil woman Shyama  gets married to Dileepan , who along with few other Sri Lankan Tamils in the village  is part of the Tamil Tigers rebel association, which fights for the Eelam Tamil Nation. While romancing each other at a mud river after marriage, the couple hear sounds of Sri Lankan army troops approaching. He asks Shyama to leave for her safety while he remains in the forest. What happened to Dileepan after that remains a mystery. as Shyama realizes that she is pregnant and waits in vain for Dileepan to return. Her villagers begin fleeing to India to seek refuge as the war between LTTE and the Sri Lankan army goes full scale, affecting their village in the process. Shyama is initially stubborn to leave since one of the men says that he has seen Dileepan with bullet wounds in the forest near the mud lake, but her relatives convince her that she has to seek refuge for the sake of her to-be-born child. The villagers board a boat to the shores of Rameswaram, which is a famous refugee hub for Sri Lankan Tamils. While a local collector takes down the names of the refugees, Shyama's water breaks and she gives birth to a baby girl. However, as soon as the baby is born, her urge to find her husband and be with her people back home overwhelms her and she leaves behind the newborn girl in hopes that the girl will lead a better life. The film later shifts focus to nine years later in Chennai where a young exuberant girl Amudha  narrates about her family life. She introduces her short-tempered but talented father, writer Thiruchelvan , who uses the pen name 'Indira' for his books. Indira  is Amudha's mother, while she has a younger brother named Vinay, with whom she always has childish frictions, and another younger brother called Akhil. Amudha's ninth birthday approaches and both her parents take her to the temple early in the morning. Indira later reminds Thiruchelvan that they have promised themselves to reveal 'the truth' to Amudha on her ninth birthday. After praying in the temple, Thiruchelvan brings Amudha to the beach, and she runs around in the beach, he reveals the truth that she was adopted and is not their biological daughter. She was adopted from a refugee camp in Rameswaram after her parents abandoned her. Amudha is heavily disturbed after hearing the news and begins comparing and distancing herself from the family, seeing herself as an outsider. Indira's father criticizes them for revealing the truth to her at such a young age, but Thiruchelvan and Indira are certain they have taken the right decision. Amudha asks her parents to tell her the story of how she comes to be adopted. The film then flashes to nine years previously in Rameswaram, where Thiruchelvan, then a budding writer, constantly travels to the refugee camp and writes stories inspired by the people there. At one such instance, Thiruchelvan sees a newborn baby girl, and writes a short story about why her mother found the urge to abandon her child and return to a war-ridden land. Indira is his neighbour, and has always expressed interest in him. Thiruchelvan, after a while, finds the urge to adopt the small baby girl and raise her, but realizes that he will not be allowed to do so until he is married. He then proposes to Indira  in order to be able to adopt the baby. Indira suggests the name 'Amudha' after seeing the baby once, and then adopt the baby after they marry each other. Vinay was born few years after their marriage, followed by the younger brother, and thus, the family happened. Even after hearing this, Amudha is rebellious and dissatisfied. She requests to meet her biological mother at all costs despite Indira's insistence that they can't possibly find the mother even if they wanted to. Thiruchelvan finally gives in and promises to take Amudha to Sri Lanka to find her biological mother. The three of them  travel to Sri Lanka and are greeted by Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe  who is a Sinhalese, their guide during the trip. Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe too helps to find her biological mother. At Lanka, Amudha and Indira's relationship strains as Amudha becomes increasingly rude at her mother while urging to find her real mother, while the family witnesses civil violence first hand as they travel to a village that is being bombed by the army to find Shyama only to realize that they have discovered the wrong Shyama. While taking a walk in the jungles and ideologically talking about violence, civil war and western manipulation, Thiruchelvan and Vikramsinghe are captured by a group of LTTE rebels. Thiruchelvan immediately recites Tamil poetry and is identified as a Tamil writer by the group's leader . Thiruchelvan explains his motives of coming to the country, and even mentions the only evidence that he has regarding Amudha's mother - that her name is Shyama. The group leader arranges a meet and says he will bring Shyama there, and it is later revealed that Shyama is the group leader's sister, with her also being part of the LTTE rebels living in seclusion. The next day, on the meet, Vikramsinghe, Amudha, Indira, and Thiruchelvan wait at the told spot, but a sudden series of bombings break out at the place as the Sri Lankan army tries to infiltrate the hiding of the rebels in a building nearby. Vikramsinghe urges that they leave the place but Amudha stays stubborn, causing Indira to be shot in her arm. The family finally leaves the place, and Amudha, shaken by what she saw and what happened to her mother apologizes and asks that all of them leave the country and return home. The next day, the family leaves for the airport but unexpectedly, Indira requests that they drive through the meeting spot one more time. As they wait in the car parked at the spot, an auto comes by and Shyama gets down from the vehicle. The meeting finally takes place and Amudha asks Shyama a series of questions as to why Shyama abandoned her. Shyama is unable to answer to all of those questions, but also insists that her life will remain fighting for her people in her country and that Amudha should live happily with her adopted parents. Shyama leaves after that. The film ends with Thiruchelvan, Amudha, and Indira hugging each other as Shyama leaves, and a teary-eyed Amudha kisses her parents, re-affirming her love for them."] ['The film is about Virendra Kapoor   who travels to Rajasthan with his governess, affectionately called Dai Jaa . He meets the beautiful Pallavi  and he instantly falls in love with her. However, she happens to be older than he is, though this does not bother Viren. During a property dispute and a court case, Pallavi\'s father suddenly dies of a heart attack. She is shattered and goes into isolation. At the wake, Viren goes to console her, when she sees him she runs towards and straight past Viren &mdash; towards Sidhharth, the man she loves. Viren is heartbroken but, to fulfill Pallavi\'s father\'s dying wish, he arranges the wedding between Sidhharth and Pallavi. Allowing Pallavi to live her life happily, Viren leaves for London. One year into the marriage, Sidhharth and Pallavi are killed in an accident. It was revealed that she was pregnant at the time and gave birth to a daughter. The girl is named Pooja and is kept in the care of Dai Jaa. Viren visits from time to time, for Pallavi\'s death anniversary, and buys gifts for the young Pooja. He never spends any time with her though, which makes her sad. A few years later Viren returns from London and meets the grown up Pooja for the first time. When he meets her he is shocked to see that she looks exactly like her mother. Eventually Viren brings her to London, and it is slowly revealed that Pooja has fallen in love with Viren. He has not forgotten about Pallavi though. Viren has a friend Prem , who knows that Viren\'s heart still pines for dead Pallavi. Over the course of time, and much persuasion, slowly Viren hops back to reality engaging himself in work at London. There a girl, Anita, who works along with him falls for him. She knows about Viren\'s love for Pallavi and constantly tries to gain his attention for herself. Pooja and Dai Jaa come to London for vacations, and there Anita discovers that Pooja looks the same as Pallavi. This upsets her as she is afraid that Viren will eventually fall for Pooja. Pooja develops feelings for Viren whom she lovingly calls "Kuwarji". Prem also likes Pooja and understands that Pooja loves Viren. Though he likes the match, he is skeptical since Viren is still living in the past. There are scenes when Pooja and Anita come face to face over the topic of Viren. Eventually Anita insults Pooja as a kid infatuated by Viren and asks what relation Pooja is to Viren that she acts authoritatively over him. Pooja retorts back saying that if she is not related to Viren, Anita is not related to him in either. This frustrates Anita leading her to blast Viren over feelings for a younger woman. Pooja finds a sketch  and misunderstands that it is a sketch of her made by Viren. She confronts him and he blasts her saying he had loved her mom and not her. Pooja is heartbroken and decides to return to India. Viren decides to marry Anita since he feels she is right and has been waiting for him for a long time. Pooja can\'t bear this and decides to get married only on the condition that Viren marries Anita first. The climax shows a heartbroken Pooja narrating a folk tale to audience in a village show. After the show, Viren approaches a confused and wary Pooja. Viren reveals that he eventually realized, after Pooja left London, that he loves her and not her mother anymore, who in fact had never had romantic feelings towards him. It turns out that neither of them had gotten married as they said they would, and they are now free to be together.'] ["Kishen  has a suspicious-minded wife, Kaajal , who thinks he is always having an affair with another woman, even though he is extremely faithful to her and wouldn't dream of betraying her in any way. Prem  has the opposite situation. He is married to Pooja , who seems to be very trusting, even though he has been having several affairs with numerous gorgeous women. There is also Kishen's friend Shekhar , who accidentally falls in love with Sanjana  and marries her. Then Bobby , a call girl, enters the story. When Kishen takes pictures of Prem and his girlfriend, and threatens to send them to his wife, Prem hires Bobby to seduce Kishen. The plan is that Kishen will fall in love with her, and Prem wants to see if Kishen can hide the relationship. Then the lies start happening, as Kaajal thinks Bobby is Shekhar's wife, and Sanjana thinks Bobby is Kishen's wife. It becomes a bundle of confusion and comedy when all the various people and couples start meeting."] ["Professor Brij Mohan Agnihotri  is a confirmed bachelor, and he firmly refuses to get married. He has a student named Ramesh , who considers him his mentor. On a visit to his friend out of town, Brij meets his friend's beautiful daughter, Punam , and falls in love with her. Throwing all caution to the winds, he changes his appearance, and attempts to conquer Punam, but he later finds that Punam is attracted to his student, Ramesh. Now the professor has to decide whether to get rid of Ramesh, or to reverse their roles and make him his mentor."] ["The film centres around the character of Rahul Seth , a young, rich, Indo-Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother  is anxious to get him married after the freak-accidental death of his Caucasian pop singer girlfriend, Kimberly . Furthermore, the mother proclaims that the impending wedding of her daughter Twinky  & Bobby will not take place until Rahul has found himself a bride first. The pressure mounts on Rahul as he finds out that Twinky must get married to preserve the family's reputation because she is pregnant. Rahul goes to a bar and there meets Sue . Thinking she is a Spanish escort, he hires her to pose as his fiancée. Rahul eventually discovers that Sue is actually Indian , and despite his initial anger at her lie, the two grow closer—due in no small part to a confidence boost Sue gave to Rahul's tormented younger brother, Govind, who incorrectly believes that no one cares about his welfare—and eventually consider one another a fit match. Pleased, Mrs. Seth agrees to sanction Twinky's wedding. Rahul and Sue grow more intimate, later to share stories about their pasts. It is revealed here that Sue was once offered as a bride to the well-meaning but dim-witted prizefighter known as Killer Khalsa; offended that her parents would even consider such a match, she has been playing mischief in revenge. This mischief is not fully explained, but her liking for it is suggested by her audacity. Sue is quite immune to social norms; she speaks bluntly to all, particularly to Rocky, Rahul's driver, who she knows as a famous Drag queen. The blossoming romance is shaken, however, when Rahul is told that Sue was not only an escort, but a prostitute as well by a drunken friend at Bobby's bachelor party. Sue is so hurt that he would question her honesty and integrity that she leaves him. He is forced to confess to his family that he never really courted Sue, but merely bribed her to act the part of his fiancee. His mother is forced to withdraw her sponsorship of Twinky's wedding, due to her promise—but she need not; Twinky's wedding has already taken place, well before the planned date. Prodded by his understanding, Shakespeare-quoting grandmother , Rahul goes after Sue and professes his true opinion of her, and proposes marriage to her as well. Sue initially turns him down, only to be found later in the driver seat of his limo to show her acceptance of his proposal."] ["It tells the story of a young man, Prem , and a young woman, Nisha , who are both very fun loving, cheerful and mischievous. Prem has lost his parents at an early age. He lives with his elder brother Rajesh  and uncle Kailashnath . Rajesh manages his business with great flair and his family is on the look-out for a suitable bride for him. Professor Siddharth Chaudhary  and Mrs. Chaudhary  have two daughters, Pooja  and Nisha. The Chaudhary couple and Kailashnath are old friends who meet again after several years. They arrange a marriage between Rajesh and Pooja. From their first meeting, Nisha and Prem start arguing and fighting with each other, although in a lighthearted manner. The fun and mischief continues throughout Pooja and Rajesh's wedding. Prem gets along well with his kind and affectionate sister-in-law. In course of time, Pooja and Rajesh discover that they are expecting a child. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary are unable to come to Kailashnath's house for the ceremony marking the impending arrival of the baby. So they send Nisha instead; and she stays there until Pooja's delivery. In the meanwhile, Nisha and Prem fall in love with each other. Pooja gives birth to a son. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary come over to Kailashnath's house to celebrate the birth of their grandchild. When it is time for them to leave, everybody is sad, especially Prem. He and Nisha promise to each other that they will soon get together for ever. Then, one day, Pooja gets invited to stay at her parents' house, and Prem takes her there. When they arrive, Pooja finds out that Prem and Nisha love each other. She promises to get them married and gives Nisha a necklace as a token. Then the phone rings and Pooja goes to answer it. She is happily hopping down the stairs when her foot accidentally slips. She dies from a head injury after falling off the stairs. Everybody is shattered by the tragedy. Nisha takes good care of her dead sister's son. Hence, her parents and Kailashnath feel that Nisha will be a great mother to the baby. They decide to get Nisha married to Rajesh. Nisha overhears her parents talking about her marrying into Kailashnath's family. She mistakenly thinks that they are discussing her marriage to Prem. Later, at a pre-nuptial ceremony, she finds out that she is actually supposed to get married to Rajesh. Prem and Nisha agree to sacrifice their love for Rajesh and the baby. Moments before the wedding is to begin, Nisha sends Prem the necklace that Pooja had given her, along with a letter. The letter and necklace fall into the hands of Rajesh. He realizes that Prem and Nisha love each other. He confronts both of them. In the end, Nisha and Prem marry each other with the consent of their families."] ['Dada Mohammed Sahib popularly called Dadasahib, is an old freedom fighter, and his son Abubacker is a former subeidar in the army. Abubacker is the brave son of a brave father, cannot help himself from reacting when he finds some terrorist activities and arms racket taking place in his own town Thaliyoor. But finally he finds himself being arrested on charges of espionage, treason and terrorist activity and the court too gives its final verdict-the death sentence. The President too rejects his plea and finally the sentence is carried out. It is after this that the story takes a new turn; Abubacker escapes from death and a battle ensues between good and the evil forces.Plot reference'] ["The story of Mahulbanir Sereng is a narrative revolving around the triangular love story of Aghore , with his wife Saheli  and Dr. Alaktak Roy . Aghore is a police constable who works in a different place so he often stays out of hometown, in the mean time his wife Saheli gets closer with the new young doctor of their village. When Aghore came back, he get the news the Saheli is pregnant, he becomes very happy. But the all of villageman claims that the baby is the doctor's and not of Aghore's. Though Aghore tries to argue in favour of his wife and doctor but the village head calls 'Gira' by gram Panchayet . On the day of 'Gira' Saheli commits suicide and the narrator Damayanti  helps the doctor to run away. Another parallel story of Damayanti and Somesh Gomes  goes side by side. Somesh is a social worker, the love interest of Damayanti who is the B.D.O. of that tribal area. Twelve years after this incident Damayanti comes back to the village of 'Mahulbani' and finds that besides many changes the beauty and simplicity of nature still exists."] ["The story is about Vishal  who is married to Swati . The couple buy a high rise apartment at a ridiculously low price. The caretaker of the apartment, Mr Thakkar  explains to Vishal that a widow named Manjeet Khosla, the previous resident, committed suicide after killing her own son. Vishal hides this fact from Swati, as she will object to buying such a residence. But Mr.Thakkar accidentally slips in the secret. Swati is livid at Vishal, although he disbelieves the notions of ghosts and bad luck. Then, Swati starts behaving strangely. Vishal consults Dr Rajan . But soon enough, Vishal and Mr Thakkar's son Sanjay  witnesses Swati killing the watchman of the apartment in a supernatural way, and his skepticism is rudely challenged. Sanjay came to visit his father, and has started to suspect Vishal since he saw Swati murder the watchman. He informs Inspector Qureshi, who reaches the apartment to investigate the death, however he becomes suspicious of the duo and their strange behaviour. Finally, Vishal's maid calls an exorcist named Sarita . Sarita sees the ghosts of Manjeet and her son. She advises Vishal to meet Manjeet's mother , since she can placate her daughter's spirit. Vishal complies and meets Manjeet's mother. He learns from Manjeet's mother that Manjeet was not the type of woman who would commit suicide. He explains the situation to her and asks her help. She comes with him and somehow placates Manjeet's spirit. Meanwhile, Sanjay, is seen behaving erratically since the watchman has been brutally killed. His father Mr Thakkar calls him to the apartment. The exorcist sees Sanjay entering the building and confronts him. It is then revealed that many years ago, Sanjay came to visit his father and got his heart on Manjeet as he saw her in the apartment. He broke into her house, and had developed a lust for her, but when she rejected him, he pushed her and she accidentally fell off the balcony and died. But Manjeet's son saw the murder, upon which Sanjay hired the watchman to kill him. Manjeet, who has still occupied Swati's body, sees Sanjay and chases him. Qureshi tries to stop her, having no idea of the real story. Qureshi then catches Sanjay, but is unaware that he had murdered Manjeet, and lets him leave. Sanjay escapes, only to find himself surrounded by Vishal, Sarita, Manjeet and Qureshi who now knows the truth. A terrified Sanjay confesses the crimes, upon which Manjeet's mother urges her to stop. Sanjay is arrested by Inspector Qureshi, and thrown into jail. Manjeet leaves Swati's body, and Vishal and Swati live a good life in the apartment. Meanwhile, in the lockup, Qureshi tells Sanjay that death sentences are light penalties for a criminal like him. He wishes that Sanjay gets a bigger punishment. After Qureshi leaves the darkened cell, Sanjay finds himself face to face with Manjeet. He starts begging for mercy, but his voice soon fades out."] ["Brijmohan Sharma , Manmohan Sharma , and his brother Jagmohan Sharma  run a garage. The eldest brother Brijmohan hates women and doesn't allow any women or pictures of them in his garage unless its an emergency. One day, while Manmohan is on the night shift, Renu  comes to the garage seeking help as her car breaks down. Renu gets angry at Manmohan because he is sleeping when he is supposed to be on duty. Manmohan doesn't like the fact that Renu shouted at him and initially refuses to repair her car, but finally agrees. Manmohan fixs the car, and Renu leaves, forgetting to pay Manmohan for his services. He tells his brother Brijmohan about this and realizes that Renu forgot her purse in the garage. Manmohan goes through it and finds a pass to a concert. Manmohan goes to this concert to recover his money. When Manmohan reaches the venue, he is not allowed to enter as the pass has Renu's name on it. Not wanting to let go of his money, Manmohan waits in Renu's car and to meet her when she comes out. He, however, falls asleep and Renu doesn't notice him; she drives home and parks in her garage with Manmohan in the car. When Manmohan wakes up, he gets hungry and looks for some food in Renu's garage. A servant in the house sees this and chases Manmohan, who manages to escape. On his way home, he notices a few men dumping a dead body on the road and fleeing. When he tells his brothers about his night the next morning, they have a hearty laugh at his expense. Later, Renu calls the garage asking for help with her car and assuring she will pay back her fees. Manmoham refuses to go to her house, fearing that he will be recognized by Renu's servant and will get into trouble; Jagmohan decides to go. Jagmohan meets Sheela  in Renu's house and the two start talking. Jagmohan is, however, afraid of women. He gets nervous because Sheela is around and can't repair the car. After Jagmohan takes off , Renu decides to call Manmohan. Meanwhile, Renu's father is approached by Raja Hardayal Singh , who wants to get his younger brother  married to Renu. Renu's father decides to talk to Renu about this, not knowing that Raja Hardayal and his brother are crooks &mdash; Manmohan saw Raja Hardayal's brother dump a body. As Renu is falling for Manmohan and the crooks desperately want her inheritance, Renu and Manmohan are captured by Hardayal's men. In captivity, they meet Kamini, whose photo Renu had found in Brijmohan's room. Brijmohan and Kamini were in love, but she was married off to Raja Hardayal. Brijmohan is under the impression that she dumped him for a richer man; as a result, he decides that he never wants to associate with women again. Kamini tries to free Renu and Manmohan, but a guard enters. Kamini, however, is able to escape and goes looking for Brijmohan. Meanwhile, Raja Hardyal Singh captures Renu's father and forces him to get Renu married to his brother, threatening to kill Manmohan if he doesn't. Before Raja Hardyal Singh has his way, Brijmohan is brought to the scene by Kamini. Brijmohan, who is a boxing champion, fights Raja Hardyal Singh's men with the help of his two brothers. In the end, Brijmohan and his brothers are victorious. Manmohan decides to marry Renu, Brijmohan decides to marry Kamini, and Jagmohan decides to marry Sheela."] ["Five couples are on their honeymoon at Ooty and share the same hotel. All of them are pretty newly wed, except for one couple who are celebrating their wedding anniversary. Together the couples take many tours and visit sites together in Ooty and get to know each other on a personal level. Slowly and steadily a host of stories open up about each of them. Abhay Sachdeva  and Ritika Khanna : Two people brought together by the system of arranged marriage. Abhay is ready to work things out and open himself out to Ritika but Ritika is holding back, which causes a little tension and confusion in their life. Rishab  and Anu : He is with the love of his life and they seem to be totally head over heels in love with each other and are the envy of most other couples. Only to surprise everyone at the end. Kirron Kher and Satish Shah: Are here to celebrate their anniversary and always seem to be fighting each other in public. The fact is that they love each other a lot but their expression of it is just different. Arjun Kohli/A.K.  and Sarah  : He has been out of the country for a long time and is living with his girlfriend of another nationality. He had proposed to her in the past but the offer was rejected. Shoaib  and Ananya : Ananya is Shoaib's sister's best friend and had an eternal crush on him. She eventually convinced him to marry her. But Shoaib is unable to think of Ananya as anything but his sister's friend. They are working on trying to resolve their differences."] ['Snobbish Komal  and her brother, Kunal ; Sameer  - who is always ready for a snack; and siblings of smart class monitor Riddhi : Rohan  and Sanj  - participate in a dance competition whose winner will be given the recently released video game "The Last Battle". They win the competition are sent to the game room for playing the game. But when they start playing the game, they get sucked into the game and are stranded on a vast prehistoric island. They also fend for themselves against wild animals, deadly gem-seekers all by themselves until a man called Ramaa  gives them food and shelter in his hut in the jungle and also starts helping them to get out of the island. Shortly problems arise when Kunal is kidnapped by Kali  who is in the lookout for the power to rule the world with the help of three stones of the Mind,Body and the Soul. Will Ramaa save Kunal? Will he get the children out of the island? This depends on the rest of the story.'] ["The story is told from the point of view of Amar. Amar is the son of Vidyadhar and Sumitra Patwardhan, a middle class couple in India. Amar lives and works in London and he sends some of his salary to them. One day, Amar returns home with Jenny Mayer, his girlfriend, and announces his intention to get married to her. Initially reluctant, his parents are pleased and happy for the two. One day, Amar goes out celebrating with his friends, whilst his parents and Jenny organise a surprise party for him. Outside a pub, Amar witnesses a murder and, while trying to apprehend the killer, he gets mortally wounded in the fight. Amar succumbs in the hospital. The assailant is identified as Harshwardhan Kadam, son of a minister Kadam. Soon, the police start covering the case up. Amar is implicated in false charges of drug peddling. Witnesses and close friends of Amar too give false statements. The torture doesn't end there, as police try to implicate Jenny as his accompolice. Vidyadhar decides that it is not good for Jenny to live there, especially since she is expecting Amar's child. Vidyadhar bails her out and implores her to return back before she is locked up for good. Harshwardhan goes scot free meanwhile and Vidyadhar decides to seek justice on his own. Ali Asgar, a mechanic and an acquaintance of Patwardhan's, decides to help them. Soon, Ali succeeds in procuring a gun for Vidyadhar. Vidyadhar decides to confront Harshwardhan in his own office. Harshwardhan cockily lets him enter in and starts taunting him. Vidyadhar accuses him and Harshwardhan arrongantly confesses his crimes, telling Vidyadhar that he cannot prove a thing. Vidyadhar points the gun at him, upon which Harshwardhan calls his guards. Vidyadhar guns down Harshwardhan and the guards enter in moments later Harshwardhan's dead body collapses down. Harshwardhan's head guard lets Vidyadhar go, claiming that he won't be able to look at his family in the eye if he arrests Vidyadhar. A case stands up against Vidyadhar, where he know reveals a pocket tape recorder on which the whole confession of Harshwardhan is recorded. Based on the proof, Amar is exonerated of all false charges levelled up against him. Also, Vidyadhar is given a lighter sentence, but now he has public sympathy. In an interview, Vidyadhar makes it clear that he doesn't intend to sue Kadam since his son has been killed and Vidyadhar knows the pain. In the end, it is shown that Vidyadhar is released and living a happy life with Sumitra, Jenny and his grandchild. Amar now explains that his father was alays a hero for him since childhood and that he is feeling a little jealous of his son, who is being treated with same affection with which Vidyadhar treated Amar in his childhood. Amar comments that everything is going to be alright."] ["Dharamchand, known as Dharma, an ameniable village farmer is thrilled when his wife, Radha, gives birth to a baby boy, who they decide to call Raju. Dharma heroically saves the lives of Ajit, Suresh, and Sujit, when they are being attacked by a tiger, and they graciously offer him a job in Bombay whenever he decides to visit. When the village experieces economic difficulty and drought, the family migrate to Bombay, where Ajit makes Dharma the manager of his warehouse in the city. Dharma is a success, until one day he is arrested by the police. His cries of innocence are ignored by the authorities and he is sentenced to 18 months in jail plus an additional six months for contempt of court. When he eventually returns home, everything has changed. His wife and Raju are near destitution; Laxmi has been raped by Sujit and has killed herself. Dharma decides to avenge her death and kills all three of them. He then joins forces with another gang, where he is rewarded for his loyalty and soon makes his way to the very top. He sends Raju for further education to Britain, and moves into a palatial home. Years later Raju returns home, and would like to marry Geeta Verma, whom he met in Britain but is unable to meet his father's approval and comes into conflict. Unknown to Dharma, Ajit is still alive and has returned and it is time to avenge the past by trying to murder Dharma at any price."] ["Rahul Desai, an employee in a bank weds Swati through arranged marriage, as last wish of his ill grandmother who wants to see her grandson's wedding before she dies. The couple hardly know each other. They go to Mahabaleshshwar for honeymoon. He drinks and she does not like it. He likes English movies which she thinks are vulgar. They come across many differences. The film shows various moments in development of their relationship, adjustments with personalities and mood swings and how they finally live happily."] ["Priya Malhotra  is an orphan who hopes to have a family of her own and keeps a diary outlining her dreams and the type of man she wants to meet – someone who does not drink, smoke or tell lies. She is skeptical when her friend Honey's  aunt, a card reader, Sunita Rao , predicts that she will go to a foreign land and find the love of her life in seven days. She is pleasantly surprised when she is selected to go to a Youth Festival in Bangkok. That is where Immy  enters. Immy is a complete opposite to what Priya wants in a guy. He smokes, drinks, and lies all the time. Due to his bad habits, Immy is being chased by security and runs into Priya's hostel room. Before he leaves, he sees Priya and falls in love with her. He takes her diary and escapes. He then pretends to be the total guy Priya wants to be with, and the two start a relationship. Soon enough, Priya spots her diary in his room, and realizes he had stolen her diary and acted to be like her dream man. She breaks up with him, and leaves the country to go Delhi and forget about her past. After she reaches the airport, Immy also arrives, and explains to her that destiny wants them together. Priya does not believe him and therefore challenges him that if destiny did want them together, they would both find them again in future. In order to prove it, she asks Immy to write his name and phone number on a note and uses the same note to buy a Numerology book where she writes her own name and phone number and further she sells it in market at second hand rate. If she receives the same note again and if Immy finds that book with her name and number on it, then it will prove that they love each other and its destiny that wants them together. Three years later, Immy is engaged to Sofiya  and Priya is engaged to Jatin. However, a week before the marriage, both of them land up in Bangkok again looking for each other. They believe if they find each other one more time, they will prove their love to each other, however they are unable to find each other. Priya goes back to Delhi, and finds the currency note and realizes that destiny did actually want her and Immy together. When she calls him, his servant tells her he is going to his own wedding. Heartbroken Priya arrives at the wedding but is too late. She drops the note which had his number on, and runs away. She is crying to herself, until Immy shows up and says a child found the note and gave it to him, and he realized she had found him. Just like that, destiny helped him find her as well. The two express their love to each other, and get married."] ["In 2006, the drug trade is booming. The Malaysian Intelligence and Anti-Narcotic Department are called upon for assistance by their Indian counterparts. The Indian team is headed by DCP D'Silva , who wants to break the drug operations of a drug lord named Singhania. Helping him along the way is Malik . Both of them know that in order to capture Singhania, they must capture his most loyal ally Don . Don is extremely dangerous - he has even been known to kill one of his own men Ramesh, who attempted to leave Don and his gang without informing Don first. Ramesh's fiance Kamini  decides to help D'Silva arrest Don but in the process, she is also killed by Don. Now, Ramesh's sister Roma  manages to get her way into Don's gang by persuading them that she is wanted by the police - her real plan is to murder Don in order to avenge her brother and his fiance. Don and his gang, consisting of Anita  his girlfriend and Narang  travel to India to trade some drugs. D'Silva and his team follow them there - Don is injured fatally during a police chase. D'Silva keeps this a secret - he decides to track down a look alike of Don named Vijay  and asks him to pose as Don so that he  can get the gang arrested. Vijay agrees when D'Silva promises to admit Deepu , a child Vijay looks after, to a good school. Meanwhile, Jasjit , Deepu's real father has just been released from prison and becomes bent on killing D'Silva. This is because Jasjit was committing a crime in order to save Deepu and his wife from a gang of criminals and D'Silva had Jasjit arrested, thereby preventing Jasjit from saving his wife from death. Vijay is admitted to the same hospital as Don, who is in a coma. Vijay, through an operation, soon gets all the scars which Don has, put on his body. Suddenly, Don dies of heart failure. When Vijay  re-enters the gang, he will have lost his memory - the more he learns about Don, the more he shall remember. The gang have a disc which contains some of their most vital information. Vijay agrees to take this disc to D'Silva - Roma decides to go with him. When they arrive, Roma attempts to kill Vijay . However, D'Silva arrives and tells Roma about his and Vijay's plan. Roma and Vijay now find themselves falling in love. D'Silva soon finds Singhania and kills him. In a police raid, Vijay and the gang members are all arrested by Malik and his team. D'Silva is killed in a blast - this is unfortunate for Vijay because D'Silva is the only person who could prove that Vijay is not the real Don. Vijay escapes and tries to pursue the disc he gave to D'Silva in order to prove his innocence. Jasjit still continues to try and find his son, Deepu. It is revealed he is in possession of the disc - he receives a telephone call saying that if he wants to see his son again, he will have to bring the disc to the men who have Deepu hostage. At this meeting, it is revealed that D'Silva has been alive all along and is actually Vardhan, the longtime rival of Singhania. Jasjit manages to escape with his son. He meets Vijay and Roma and reveals that D'Silva is really Vardhan - the three hatch a plot to help Malik arrest Vardhan. The next day, Jasjit arranges a meeting with Vardhan, saying he will hand over the disc. Vardhan and Vijay engage in a fight until Vardhan is defeated and arrested. Vijay gets badly injured during the fight, and is rushed to hospital - before he leaves, Roma confesses her love for him. In a final twist, it is revealed that the real Don is alive and was pretending to be Vijay the whole time. In the hospital, Don quickly recovered from the coma and overheard D'Silva's conversation with Vijay. He switched places with Vijay, meaning Vijay died of heart failure. It is also revealed that the disc Don gave to the police was fake. In the end, Don and Anita both escape, knowing the police nor Roma will never capture Don."] ["Bhasu  gets hold of a map that holds the key to Veerappan's treasures. He gets hold of a team including a driver, a cook, a forest guide, a doctor, a land mine detector and a bomb defuser. He along with his friend, who is an insomniac , set out to find the treasure in the forest. Their adventurous trip goes haywire, when the killings begin. They meet suspicious characters who scare them about Veerappan, and that he is still alive. Who the murderer is and how the rest of them survive makes up the story. Meanwhile, Bhasu falls in love with the doctor Devika , who is interested only in money. Kamini , the bomb defuser, keeps taking a bath in a tub in the middle of the forest. In between, we have songs with Kamini wearing skimpy outfits and looking scary."] ["Ganesh , a young man with a deep fear of ghosts who refuses to even go out after 6pm, moves into a new house with his mother, father and wife not knowing that it is the residence where Muni met his death and where his spirit now resides. Muni enter Ganesh's body and Ganesh starts behaving in a rude manner, his family couldn't understand why his behaviour is weird so they seek the help of a priest . Priest asks the ghost about his whereabouts. Ghost says that he is Muniyaandi and starts saying his flashback. Muniyaandi was a kind-hearted poor man living in the slums with his daughter and other people. Muni's friend is Marakka Dhandapani MLA who uses Muni to make him win in elections and promising that he would give lands to poor people. Dhandapani wins the election but he cheats Muni. Muni fights with Dhandapaani but he kills both him and his daughter. Dhandapaani lies to poor people saying that Muni and his Daughter had fled with the money he had given Muni for the welfare of the village residents. Ganesh accepts Muni and he enters his body. Ganesh enters Dhandapaani's household and terrorizes him and his assistants. Dhandapaani comes to know that the spirit of Muni resides in Ganesh's body so he sets a contract killer  to finish him. In the climax, at Ayyanaar temple Dhandapaani confesses to people that he only killed Muni. Muni talks to people and eats the feast prepared by his people. Muni then resides again in Ganesh and finishes off Dhandapaani. Ganesh comes back to normal."] ["Story 1: Kamini and Rahul Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat , hires Babu  as her manager and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and also to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna  poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband and Kamini has to play along otherwise she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul. Story 2: Gia and Shiven Gia Bakshi  lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi  and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur , both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy . He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada . Story 3: Seema, Vinay, and Anjali Gia's sister, Seema , who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra  for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali  comes into his life. The two start to meet and an affair starts, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out that about Vinay's affair - leaving her heartbroken. Story 4: Ashutosh and Tehzeeb Ashutosh Raina ([[John Abraham  is a Hindu, but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain , who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father  who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter, and while traveling on an inaugural train route, the train derails, Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is - and may not end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Story 5: Ajay and Stephanie Ajay  is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a Caucasian woman, Stephanie , who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada . While Ajay drives her around all of Northern India finding Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her of to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry to Gia. Story 6: Ramdayal and Phoolwati Ramdayal  weds attractive Phoolwati  and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so."] ['A blind sculptor, Shivani  stays in an ashram and makes friends with a small boy , who is suffering from cancer. She falls in love with Rajesh . Rajesh asks his parents to permit him to marry her, to which his mother agrees, but his father refuses under present condition. Then, an eye specialist reveals that an eye replacement would cure her. Later, as a dying wish the young boy, donates his eyes to her thus granting her eyesight for the first time in her life.Anuraag Rediff.com Movies.'] ['Captain Vijay Malhotra  attempts to defend himself when corrupt army officials, Pratap Singh , Virender Sinha , and Jaswant Dalal , intercept a truck-load of arms and ammunition, with the help of Virender\'s brother, Baldev  which they are about to sell illicitly to gangsters. Vijay Malhotra stops the trio of smugglers, but subsequently is shot to death by a mysterious man by the name of DK, who is the ringleader of the smugglers. The movie shifts to 20 years later where the Mumbai Police gets a fax from the Australian Interpol branch of one Jaswant Dalal, a wanted smuggler entering India. An operation to nab him alive is handed over to ACP Dinesh Kapoor , an old friend of the slain Vijay Malhotra. Dinesh Kapoor sends a copy of the fax to a mysterious man named Vicky  and tells him to "prevent" Jaswant from being nabbed by the police. Vicky helps Jaswant escape from the police at the docks, but when Jaswant tries to kill him to erase any witnesses, Vicky shoots him instead. Vicky then escapes to Australia despite the police preventing it. In Sydney, Australia, Vicky meets Preeti , Pratap Singh\'s daughter, and woos her while getting into trouble with Jojo, Baldev Sinha\'s son and beats him up. Vicky and Preeti both fall in love. Pratap Singh and Virender Sinha  are high-profile criminals in Australia. Once friends and partners in crime, they share a shaky relationship with one another. Vicky meets up with Pratap, who identifies him as Jaswant\'s killer. Vicky promises Pratap Singh that he would make him more powerful than he would ever imagine. Jojo destroys Vicky\'s apartment for his being beaten up. Vicky storms Baldev\'s household, kills many of his men, and makes him cough up the money for the damage Jojo did to his apartment. Baldev reports this to his brother who orders Vicky killed. Baldev and Jojo take a sniper to kill Vicky who is receiving his mother at the airport. They discover his mother is none other than Virender\'s estranged wife, Shanti . Convinced that Vicky is none other than Virender\'s son, the assassination attempt is called off. Vicky is then welcomed into Virender\'s gang. At a party thrown in Vicky\'s honour, Pratap is stunned to learn Vicky among his rival\'s ranks. Virender takes Vicky to a place where he keeps Pratap\'s, Jaswant\'s, and DK\'s secrets in files. Vicky shoots Virender dead and dumps him into the bay where a shark eats him. He then dumps Pratap\'s signature cigarette lighter at the crime scene. Vicky then goes through the stolen files and discovers who DK actually is. The police retrieve the lighter from Virender\'s crime scene and hand it over to Vicky who urges his brother, Baldev to rally his men and launch an attack on Pratap. The squad is gunned down at a checkpost by Pratap\'s men, save for Vicky, who was working with Pratap to get rid of Virender\'s gang. Vicky then reveals to Pratap that he is not Virender\'s son, and that he had fooled Shanti into believing he was her son, since she had lost her own. He also reveals that he was sent by DK to kill Jaswant, Virender, and Pratap, and that they should leave for India to kill DK to make Pratap the undisputed crime king. Meanwhile Preeti overhears Vicky\'s conversation with her father and reveals it to Shanti. Shanti calmly acknowledges that she knows Vicky is not her son and that she helped him kill her husband, whose weapons had helped kill her own son, unbeknownst to him. She reveals that Vicky is Vijay Malhotra\'s son, Raju and that it was Vijay Malhotra who was convicted of arms smuggling based on testimonies from Jaswant, Pratap, and Virender. His dead body was stripped of all medals and his wife, Geeta  and son were ostracised by his community. The community even prevented his body from being cremated and leave it in a raging desert storm, where it is lost in the sands. Preeti, upon hearing this story, agrees to assist Raju/Vicky. Raju then calls ACP Dinesh Kapoor and reveals his plan of bringing Pratap to India and his knowledge of DK\'s true identity. The ACP then sets Jaswant, who is revealed to be alive and have been helping provide Raju the information to finish off Virender\'s gang, free. Raju arrives in India with Pratap and takes him to his village where his mother sits desolately in a temple at the village outskirts. He reveals to Pratap who he really is and proceeds to beat him. DK comes to rescue Pratap, and he is revealed to be none other than Jaswant. Soon Jaswant/DK\'s men arrive and in the raging battle, Raju kills the men and maims Pratap and DK, makes them confess the truth, and then leaves them for the vultures to feed upon. His name cleared, Vijay Malhotra is given an honourable military burial, and his son and widowed wife watch.'] ['{{plot}} A violently depressed Madhan  arrives at a hospital seeking psychiatric counselling, claiming to be emotionally affected by a love failure. This proves to be a ruse, however, and he craftily seduces the psychiatrist . Subsequently, he kills her. Madhan Kumar is shown to be an accounts manager who also studies music. A shy college student Mythili  has a nightmare of Madhan  raping her, and fears him when she meets him in real life. Intrigued by her behaviour, he approaches and befriends her. She soon realizes that he is by all accounts a good person, and starts to love him. However, every night Madhan stalks various women who are morally corrupt, seduces and kills them. Every time he embraces a woman with the intent of seducing her, his nose begins to bleed . Assistant Commissioner Deva  is assigned to bring the serial killer to justice. Mythili eventually discovers proof that Madhan is the killer and hands him over to the police. Held in police custody, Madhan reveals that the killer is actually his younger brother Madhan Raj . Madhanraj\'s motives are explained in a flashback: Madhan Raj, a simple village youth arrives in Coimbatore to attend college, sharing a room with an irreverent student Bobby ([[Santhanam . He is approached by his classmate Vaishnavi  and soon starts to love her unconditionally. His love is fueled by his innocence and ethical values. The relationship progresses as far as a marriage proposal; however, a squabble starts as Madhanraj suspects an affair between Vaishnavi and her classmate Seenu. He arrives at Vaishnavi\'s house to ask her forgiveness. By chance, Madhanraj looks into her bedroom window and finds her sleeping with Seenu. He also overhears her saying that she never loved him, and merely accepted his proposal to divert his suspicion of her affair. Heartbroken and revolted, Madhanraj confronts her, saying he knows the truth. When she denies it, he lashes out and accidentally kills her. Initially he grieves over his act, but realizes that she deserved it for cheating, and intentionally kills Seenu as well. He arrives at his brother Madhan Kumar\'s house and reveals his crime. He also reveals that he will further continue his killing spree and murder all unfaithful women. Madhan Kumar looks on helpless as Madhanraj dons the identity of "Manmadhan"  and flees into the night. Madhan Kumar ends his flashback, and is released. Mythili apologizes for believing him to be a killer, and admits that she loves him deeply. However, the actual events that spurred the birth of Manmadhan are revealed : After killing Vaishnavi and Seenu, Madhanraj was, in fact, remorseful and depressed over the events that led to this. He confesses to his brother and soon afterwards, locks himself in his room and prepares to commit suicide. Madhan Kumar watches horrified and helpless, as his younger brother hangs himself and loses his life. Madhan Kumar enters the room and embraces his brother\'s corpse, and suffers a nosebleed. He swears to avenge his brother\'s death by killing unfaithful women everywhere; thus it was Madhan Kumar himself who became Manmadhan. It is hinted that his exploits will continue. This can be seen in a short scene from Venkat Prabhu\'s 2010 comedy film Goa, where Simbu appears in the epilogue, talking to Suhasini ([[Sneha_, a corrupt businesswoman. His nose bleeds as he hugs her, revealing the fact that he is Manmadhan and he still continues to hunt down girls who are bad.'] ['Radha  is the only daughter of Gummadi. Her father brings a marriage proposal which she refuses. He arranges Pelli choopulu. She runs away from home and tries to attempt Suicide. She encounters nine different individuals in a variety of social situations acted by Akkineni Nageswara Rao in nine nights.'] ["Suhani, a passionate young dancer, dreams of being a star her entire life. Fourteen year old Aftab, a gifted dancer, has never dreamed, ever. She can see nothing beyond starring in an R.J. Music Video. He can see nothing beyond making a life on the streets. When she sees Aftab's gang dancing on a street corner one night, she has no idea that her dreams are about to change. She's moved by the talent these street kids possess and wants the world to give them their due. But Aftab has no faith in her dreams for them. Will she be able to restore his faith in her? Will she get them the life they deserve, but cannot even dream of?"] ["After Damini witnesses her brother-in-law raping a servant's teenage daughter, she decides to testify, much against her in-laws' wishes. Even Shekhar seems to be reluctant to aid her. The case stands in court, but Indrajit Chaddha, a corrupt lawyer fighting for thr Guptas, embarrasses Damini by asking her uncomfortable questions in front of the court. Chaddha also succeeds in proving that Damini has mental problems. Damini is declared insane and sent to an lunatic asylum. Her confidence is crippled, but she soon recovers and manages to escape. Damini runs into Govind, an ex-lawyer. It is revealed that Govind's girlfriend was a victim and Govind failed to bring the criminals to justice. On Damini's insistence, he reluctantly agrees to see into the case. When Chaddha meets Govind personally, Govind decides to come out of his retirement. The case is reopened. However, this time, Govind turns the tables and methodically thwarts all the pressure tactics of the villains. Now, however, it is revealed that Urmi, the victim, committed suicide, which both Damini and Govind suspect as foul play from side of police. However, things turn awry for Gupta's too when Bajaj decides to kill Shekhar as he might buckle under the pressure. He also sends his goons to kill Damini. Damini escapes and counter-attacks the goons. Here, the judge is tired of waiting and is about to give a decision in Gupta's favour. Damini enters just in time to declare that she wants to withdraw the case. Govind tries to talk her out, but she vents her anger on Chaddha and the others for the things that happened. Shekhar, who is thoroughly ashamed of himself, steps in and testifies. He tells the truth and asks Damini's pardon. On basis of his testimony, the villains are arrested while Shekhar is given a lighter sentence. Govind leaves happily, while Mamta's father is seen thanking him and Damini."] ["Subir  is a professional singer whose career is soaring. He does not plan to marry—until he meets Uma , a sweet village girl who also sings. Subir falls in love with Uma and marries her. He returns to Mumbai with his new bride. Subir continues as a singer and also fosters Uma's singing career. His career falters, however, just as Uma's singing career begins to thrive. Eventually, she becomes more famous than her husband, sparking jealousy from Subir. His pride and jealousy tear the marriage apart. The question becomes whether Subir can overcome his jealousy. The movie reaches a very sensitive situation when the couple separates and Uma has a miscarriage. In what is considered a masterpiece of direction by Mukherjee and scoring by Burman, the couple comes together again in an emotional reunion and they sing together.  Soon after Jaya Bachchan won the Filmfare Best Actress Award for the film, she cut down on work and later took many years off to raise a family. Some have speculated that she focused on personal affairs to avoid the turmoil that her character in Abhimaan experienced.{{Citation needed}} This film was very popular in Sri Lanka more than in India and was screened continuously for two years in the same movie theater, New Olympia, Colombo."] ["Sister Amala , a nun is found dead in the well of the convent where she was staying. The police discovers that she was murdered. Idamattom Palackal Easow Panickar and his team finds out the truth behind Sr. Amala's murder. The suspects include Fr. Clement Kaliyar and the local legislator Monayi and a hitman - Cardinal Carlos. Things get worse when one of police officers, Ezhuthachan gets killed and also Kaliyar Achan."] ["Pitamber Chaudhri, headmaster of a school in Madhupur, India{{dn}}, has a daughter named Geeta . Geeta is a typical village belle, naive, and childish, and always in the company of a little boy who is her neighbour.  Pitamber's older daughter, Meera, who lives in Mumbai, informs Pitamber of the arrival of a young engineer who could be a possible match for Geeta. Pitamber is asked to welcome him and treat him well. Without further question, Pitamber and family do just that when the visitor arrives by train. Vinod , the newcomer, takes an instant liking to the family and to Geeta in particular, even teaching her to sing. The family begins to talk about the possibility of Vinod and Geeta marrying, and life is good until another letter from Meera arrives. Pitamber is shocked to read that the engineer whom Meera was sending to meet the family has not yet arrived, but will be coming soon. Vinod is only an overseer who happened to come early, as his boss was delayed and could not make it as planned. The family is disappointed. They asks Geeta to stop seeing Vinod and turn her attention to Sunil , the engineer, but Geeta cannot forget Vinod. Sunil is fond of Geeta and agrees to the engagement, which is quickly arranged. When Vinod hears of the engagement, he prepares to leave the village before the ceremony. Upon hearing this, Geeta insists that she will marry Vinod, against the wishes of her family. She rushes to the train station, but not before the train leaves. Disheartened, she turns back and is received and driven back to her house by Sunil. To her surprise, Vinod is at the house. All misconceptions have been cleared up, and Geeta and Vinod are to be engaged."] ["Pyaasa is a love triangle with revenge as its base. Suraj  aspires to be a millionaire some day, but all hopes of making it big are squashed by his father,  and uncle , who don't approve of selling their ancestorial land. Sheetal , a tycoon, who hires Suraj to work for her business empire. Prem  is Suraj's cousin and an accomplished businessman, who Suraj detests. What Suraj does not know is that Sheetal is just using him as a pawn to extract revenge from Prem and his father, Anang Desai. How Suraj faces up to Sheetal and thwarts her motives forms the rest of the story."] ["The film is a story about the love between two Bombay teenagers of different classes – Raj Nath , son of a rich businessman Mr. Nath , and Bobby Braganza , daughter of a poor Anglo-Indian Christian fisherman Jack Braganza . The couple first sees each other during Raja's birthday party, and meet when Raja goes to see his old governess, Mrs. Braganza. There, he sees her granddaughter Bobby, and it is love at first sight for him. Raja and Bobby go to see a movie but find out it is closed. Then Raj gets an idea to go to a party. At the party Bobby sees Raja talking to another girl and thinks he is using her. As the story progresses, Raja realises that his relationship with the daughter of a poor fisherman is not taken kindly by his eccentric father. Upon Raj's insistence, Mr. Nath visits Jack to initiate talks of Raj and Bobby's wedding. But instead, Mr. Nath accuses Jack of using his daughter's beauty and charm to trap Raja for his money. He even offers Jack cash to have Bobby stop seeing Raj. Jack feels highly humiliated by this accusation and reciprocates by insulting Mr. Nath. Their talk enters a deadlock and spells doom for Raja and Bobby's tender love. Mr. Nath engages Raj to a mentally challenged girl, Alka , in order to establish business ties with her rich father. But Raj runs away from home, to unite with Bobby. They both run away together. Mr. Nath advertises a reward for anyone who can help find his son. Prem Chopra  decides that he wants the money, and he and his goons kidnap Raj and Bobby. When they try to escape, Prem starts beating Raj. Mr. Nath and the police come to help, and they find Jack already there attempting to help Raj. Raj and Bobby run away from their fathers and jump over a waterfall. Both Mr. Nath and Jack jump into the water after them. Mr. Nath rescues Bobby, while Jack rescues Raj. They realize that they love their children very much, and don't want to stand in the way of their happiness. They accept each other's kids as their own and give their blessings to the union."] ["Sher Singh  and his son Nagender  are involved in poaching, cutting trees and smuggle them out of the Jungle. They murder forest officer Anthony  and Raja  takes charge in his place. Elephant Ram, Monkey Bansi & Parrot Mithu are Raja's friends in the Jungle. They help each other in the time of distress. Once Raja rescues Ram from the clutches of a crocodile. Raja warns Sher Singh and Nagender to stop the smuggling, resulting in enimity between them. Sher Singh wants to marry his unworthy son Nagender with Pooja , the daughter of a millionaire Brijmohan . Bharti , Sher Singh's wife, on the other hand wants that Pooja be married to her innocent nephew Buddhi Ram Aval Chand Dimagwala , as she is the daughter of the friend of Buddhi's deceased father. But Pooja wants to marry Raja as he saved her from the clutches of the Nagender's lusty eyes when she went out for hunting. Pooja marries Raja against her father's wishes. Raja's well wisher and tribal leader Mangola  performs the rites on behalf of Pooja's father. To avenge this, Nagender attempts to molest Pooja and beat Raja. Ram and Bansi come in and avert this attempt. Raja catches Sher Singh and Nagender red-handed while sending the smuggled articles out of the Jungle. Judge awards them six years rigorous imprisonment. After release from the jail, Sher Singh & Nagender find Raja and Pooja have a son Ravi , and trouble them a lot. The extent of Nagender's meanness crosses the boundaries with the intoxication of Ram. Ram goes berserk, destroys property, attacks Raja's family, grievously injuring Ravi. Pooja mistakes Ram, quarrels with her husband, leaves the house in sheer anger with Ravi & reaches her father's place. One day, Raja's servant Sukhiya  comes to Brijmohan's house to convey Ram's message to Ravi. The content of Ram's message to Ravi, clearance of misunderstanding between Raja and Pooja, the fate of Sher Singh and Nagender, and Buddhi Ram's role in this, forms the rest of the story."] ["Veer Kapoor  is a struggling artist who hopes to make it big someday with his rock group but at present is tottering financially. His only source of income is a monthly pocket money of Rs 1 Lakh from his wealthy elder step brother Dharam Kapoor , for which Veer has told a lie about him being married to Vidya  whereas she is only his girlfriend. His best friend is Prem Chopra , who is married to Jhanvi . Jhanvi runs a broken down gymnasium owned by Prem's family and Prem spends his time mechanically modifying cars. Veer and Prem require a sum of Rs. 5 Lakhs to register Prem's car for an illegal race - which he and Prem borrow from a local mute loan shark Tobu  after showing him a car designed by Prem which Prem assures him cannot lose. Impressed by this vehicle, Tobu in addition to lending Prem and Veer 5 Lakhs, also invests 5 Lakhs of his own on Prem. Prem loses the race and ends up owing a sum of 10 Lakhs to Tobu which should be paid within a week. Prem decides to rent out Veer's bungalow to a local slum dweller RGV  who has won a lottery and collects an advance of Rs 2.5 Lakhs. However everything gets into a muddle when Dharam Kapoor is stranded in Goa Airport during his journey to Lushoto in Africa and insists on catching up with his younger brother. Since Vidya had a fight with Veer and is temporarily unavailable, after some confusion when Veer and Dharam land back home from the Airport. Dharam sees Jhanvi and takes her for Vidya, and later when he sees Vidya, Prem and Veer tell him she is Jhanvi who is Prem's girlfriend. Jhanvi pretends to be Vidya, Veer's wife and Vidya pretends to be Jhanvi, Prem's girlfriend. Things get into a deeper muddle with regular visits from the new tenant RGV, Tobu and his thugs and finally by a princess of Lushoto ."] ['Kiran  studies at college in Shimla. She is serenaded by a man whose face she does not see and believes her lover Sunil  is the one who serenaded her. However, when she sees Sunil, he says he was not in Shimla. Sunil works in the Royal Navy under the widowed Captain Mehra . One night, Kiran is in front of her house when a man shines a torch in her face and says "I love you, K-K-K-Kiran." He later phones her house and says the same thing. The next day, Kiran\'s brother  and his wife  receive photographs of Kiran in the post - Kiran sees them but says she never got them clicked. It is revealed that Kiran\'s mysterious stalker is Mehra\'s shy son named Rahul  - Rahul talks to his mother on the phone, Mehra is worried about this as Rahul\'s mother has been dead for eighteen years. Rahul soon learns that Kiran and Sunil are in love. He telephones Kiran and warns her against meeting Sunil, she refuses to listen to him. Later, Rahul and Sunil meet. Sunil has no suspicions especially because he learns that Rahul is Mehra\'s son - the two become friends and Rahul now learns that Sunil plans on marrying Kiran. Rahul resorts to entering Kiran\'s house on her birthday. Sunil and Kiran decide to set a trap for Rahul. However, their plan fails as Rahul realises it too easilly. Kiran\'s relatives call the police. When Rahul next phones, a policeman traces the call - the group are shocked to discover that Rahul that phoned from inside their house. Later, Sunil asks Kiran to marry him - Rahul is livid and decides to kill Sunil. Rahul tries to shoot Sunil but misses - Sunil chases Rahul who escapes and Sunil is injured badly. On recovering, Sunil marries Kiran. Rahul now carves Kiran\'s name on his chest - he vows to break up her marriage to Sunil. When Sunil and Kiran arrive in their new apartment, they find threatening messages written on all the walls. To get over the incident, the pair decide to take a honeymoon trip to Switzerland. Rahul is falsely told that they have travelled to Goa. He searches every hotel but cannot find them. He reuintes with an old college friend Vicky . Rahul constantly visits Kiran\'s family, hoping to get information out of them. Kiran\'s family do not realise what his true intentions are. Later, Vicky dies and Rahul places letters to Kiran and a suicide note next to his dead body. Everybody now believes Vicky was the mysterious man who terrorised Kiran. Rahul overhears Kiran\'s family say that Kiran and Sunil have gone to Switzerland. In Switzerland, Kiran and Sunil learn that Kiran\'s stalker is dead and are overjoyed. Rahul arrives in Switzerland, it is revealed he and Kiran went to the same college. Kiran tells Sunil that Rahul was crazy about a girl in college but nobody ever knew her identity. On the phone one day, Sunil is speaking to Kiran\'s brother, who tells him that Rahul had been visiting their house in India. Sunil now believes Rahul had been harassing Kiran. He lures Rahul into the forest and savagely beats him. Rahul eventually stabs Sunil. Rahul finds Kiran on a boat, he reveals the truth to her and also says he has murdered Sunil - he now forces Kiran to marry him. Later that night, Sunil arrives and engages in a fight and starts bashing Rahul again before Sunil could kill Kiran in adverntly tells Sunil to kill Rahul.Thus Rahul realises that Kiran never loved him and he only bought pain to her Sunil shoots Rahul three times Rahul ask for forgiveness to Kiran before he dies in the end Sunil and Kiran comes back to India'] ["Arun , a reclusive artist, moves into a run-down flat in the older part of Mumbai. After attending an exhibition of his works, he meets Shai , an American banker who has come to Mumbai to devote time to her hobby, photography, and takes her back to his flat, where they have a one-night stand. The next morning, Arun expresses his disinterest in continuing the relationship and Shai angrily storms out. Shortly after, Munna , a dhobi  who dreams about getting a break in Bollywood, arrives to deliver Arun's laundry. Arun moves into a new apartment the next day. While unpacking, he finds a small container that had been left by the previous tenant of the apartment. In it, he finds a silver chain, a ring, and three video tapes by Yasmin Noor. The tapes turn out to be video diaries in which Yasmin communicates with her brother. In the tape, she is generally happy, and shows her apartment, which is the same one Arun is occupying now. The next morning, Arun is informed by his manager that art dealers, impressed with his art, have decided to open a gallery in Sydney featuring his works. Arun is pleased by this, as it would also give him a chance to visit his ex-wife and child, settled in Australia. He begins to work on a new painting. When Munna delivers laundry to Shai's house, they meet and soon become friends. Munna agrees to show Shai around Mumbai and help her gather photographs about the occupations of the poor. In return, Shai agrees to shoot a portfolio of Munna to help him get into the film industry. Arun continues watching Yasmin's tapes and learns more about her life, including that she has recently married a man who seems distant. Shai obtains Arun's new address from Munna. Shai's father's construction company is constructing a building opposite Arun's apartment. Shai starts shooting photos of Arun from the construction site without Arun being aware of it. Munna continues struggling to find work in films. To earn a living, he washes clothes by day and kills rats by night. He disapproves of his brother's criminal activity but they are close, and Munna's brother uses his underworld contacts to try to get Munna a break in the industry. In the meantime, Munna shows Shai the different facets of Mumbai, including the dhobi ghaat, where he works as a launderer. Munna develops feelings for Shai but is unable to express them, mostly because of his working-class status. One day, Arun spots Shai nearby and invites her to his house. He apologizes about their first meeting. Munna sees them together and feels betrayed but Shai is able to convince him to keep helping her. One night, while Munna is at his rat-killing job, Shai sees him and takes pictures. Dismayed, Munna flees from her. Arun watches the final video by Yasmin. Her tone has changed considerably since the previous tape, in which she revealed learning that her husband was in an extramarital affair. She strongly indicates that she intends to commit suicide. Shaken by the knowledge that Yasmin might have hanged herself in that very room, Arun flees the apartment and moves into a new one. Munna arrives home to find that his brother has been killed. He and his family relocate to a new flat and Munna visits his brother's contact in the film industry to show him his portfolio. Arun studies the painting he has been working on, which is now complete. Yasmin is prominently featured along with other things she had left behind. Shortly after, Shai finds Munna and Munna again tries to flee her, but she catches up with him. She insists upon their friendship and asks about Arun's whereabouts. Still hurt, Munna lies to her and they exchange an abrupt farewell before Shai leaves. Moments later, Munna changes his mind and runs after Shai's car, weaving through the traffic. The film ends when Munna catches up to the car and gives Shai Arun's new address."] ["Jayashankar ([[Janardhanan , a sincere senior officer with Bangalore police is in direct fight with Surya Devaraja Gowda , an underworld don who rules the city along with Chandra Gowda , his younger brother. His family is too worried about his safety and younger brother Harishankar always reminds him of it. Shivappa ([[Vijayaraghavan , an ex-mafia leader, now leads a retired life in the city suburbs running a stable. Though, retired, he has deep vengeance against Gowda, who had broken his leg, making him permanently disabled. Jayshankar longs his brother Ravishankar to join police. Ravi, currently working for Deccan Chronicle, a leading Bangalore daily, is also attempting for IPS. One day Jayashankar receives an information that a consignment belonging to Gowda is arriving the city. Along with Inspector Narayanan , he tries to seize the trucks, but is shot killed by the goons. Ravishankar, who has just got a letter confirming his selection for IPS, reaches Jayashankar to inform the news, witnesses the brutal murder of his brother. Ravi reaches out the office of city police commissioner, but is shocked to find the killers there having a small talk with Govindan , the city deputy police commissioner. Ravi reacts violently and raise his hands at Govindan, accusing him of siding with Gowda. Govindan orders arrest of Ravi. The court sentences Ravi for 2 years in jail for assaulting a senior police officer on duty. Ravi looses his IPS selection for his jail term. Upon release from he decides to avenge for his brother's death. Harishankar introduces Ravi to Felixa Alexandra alias Sandra ([[Geetha , the daughter of an ex-mafiosi, who was killed by Gowda. Sandra is now running a few business offices of which Harishankar is the manager. Sandra agrees to help Ravi in his mission. She introduces him to Shivappa. Though initially reluctant, he agrees to provide money and weapons in the war against Gowda. The central government nominates confers IPS for Govindan, who is also promoted as the city commissioner. At a function organized to felicitate Govindan, Ravi intrudes along with Hari and insults him publicly. The sudden and violent reaction or Govindan is recorded and passed over to higher authorities, causing the suspension of Govindan. Ravi targets the establishments of Gowda. He along with Shivappa blackmails Nanjappa , the home minister and gets Gowda raided. The loss of finance enrages Gowda, who sends Chandra, his brother to finish out Ravishankar. But Chandra is killed by Ravi. Gowda kidnaps Hari and offers deal. Upon the demand of Gowda, Ravi arrives, but along with Shivappa and his mercenary power. Ravishankar successfully saves his brother and finishes off Surya Devaraja Gowda by overrunning cars over him."] ["Mrs. Malhotra  is the mother of twins, who were separated at birth, and she only has one son. Mrs. Malhotra goes into shock and then uses a wheelchair. She resides with her husband and son in the US. Quiet and mature Prem,  one of the twins, and his dad  return to India together with Mrs. Malhotra to get Prem married. Prem's future fiance is the outgoing and percocious Mala , who is the daughter of Mr. Sharma . There Prem meets with his twin brother very outgoing and precocious Raja , who looks like him, but is exactly the opposite in nature. A series of comic scenes result as a result of the twins getting together. Prem loves quiet and mature Roopa ([[Rambha , and both the girls are confused by the change they perceive in their respective lovers. To make matters worse, Tiger Ratanlal  has sworn vengeance against the Malhotra family for what they did to his dad ."] ["It was love at first sight for unemployed Ashish Khanna and Rani Bhalla at a cold drink stall. When Rani introduces Ashish to her businessman dad, Tau, and mom, they unanimously frown upon this alliance, until Ashish promises to get a job, save enough money, buy a flat, etc.. Ashish does get a small job with Izzat Papads, and then also starts selling steroids out of the back of a van. He gets noticed by a Ad-firm owner, and gets hired. Soon he has all the luxuries that he had always dreamed of. When the Bhallas come to know about this, they decide to welcome him as their son-law, and a lavish engagement party takes place. It is then Ashish finds out that he has cancer, and he begins to create misunderstandings between him and Rani. He tries becoming an alcoholic, but that is considered normal with the Bhalla family; he confesses to Rani that he has loved Sania, a model with ad-agency, which is welcomed by Rani as being truthful and honest. But when Rani notices that he has put up Sania's photos all over his apartment, it is then that she breaks off the engagement. Ashish knows that Sania will not marry him, as she is a flirt. But when he is assigned to go to Malaysia with Sania, that is where he finds out that Sania is not quite a flirt, but wants to marry him. She even introduces him to her brother, Anna, who instantly approves of the match. Now Anna inducts Ashish into the family business - which is extortion, and a stunned Ashish is trained to be use guns and defend himself. When the time comes for marriage, Ashish confesses that he has cancer. An angered Anna summons Dr. Rustom, who in turn gives a clean health chit, and confirms that Ashish had overhead a conversation about another patient and had misunderstood. A hapless Ashish, fresh out of lies, must now resign himself to getting married to Sania - or else be hunted down and killed by Anna and his gang. This movie is loosely inspired from an old Hindi movie, Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi starring Amol Palekar."] ['Roy Kapoor is a shameless conman. In fact, Roy\'s girlfriend Simi believes that he is an investment banker. One day he cons a film producer . Unfortunately, the producer turns out to be an acquaintance of Simi and Roy\'s true face is exposed. Simi calls their wedding off. Some weeks past this episode, Roy sees an amateur conman Dittu conning a doctor called Dr. Bhalerao . Roy meets and foils Dittu\'s plans a couple of times, upon which Dittu pesters Roy to become his mentor. Roy reluctantly accepts Dittu, a film buff. One day, Roy starts experiencing blurring of eyes, unbearable headache and blackouts. Dr. Bhalerao diagnoses him with brain tumor and says he has only three months to live. Roy is shattered. He wants to reconcile with Simi, while she spurns him. When Roy sees her with somebody else, he resigns to his fate and turns his attention to Dittu. Dittu reveals that his father was a simple man who was conned of his life savings by a share market scam, apparently pulled by Chandru. Chandru is a whimsical but ruthless man. Roy decides to do use his skills for Dittu. When Roy sees a news footage about a robbery in a jewellery shop, Roy gets an idea to con Chandru. Roy sends one of his men as police to Chandru to give him a list of serial numbers of all the notes  stolen in the "heist." Then Roy and Dittu turn up at Chandru\'s hotel as suspicious characters with lots of money. When Chandru is convinced that they are the thieves, he proposes to give them any amount for the stolen loot. They strike a deal with Chandru. They turn down the deal, which makes Chandru raise the price. Chandru privately arranges another deal with Roy: Roy gets full money if he kills Dittu. Roy apparently accepts the deal. Meanwhile, Simi re-enters Roy\'s life after learning that he was telling the truth about his condition. She has broken her marriage and wants to be with Roy in his last days. Their relationship blossoms again. She learns from Roy why he took up to being a conman. As per Chandru\'s deal, Roy kills Dittu and tells Chandru to meet him in Maratha Mandir. It is revealed that Dittu is not dead: He has faked it as part of their con. Chandru arrives with the money at the movie theatre as promised. But Dittu shows up behind them suddenly and shoots Roy to death, taking advantage of a shooting scene being shown. Dittu demands 5 crore rupees at gunpoint from Chandru. Chandru arranges the money to be delivered before the film ends. After the payment, Chandru returns and Roy is shown to be alive. The con arranged by Roy and Dittu has been successfully executed. Unfortunately, Omar, a man conned earlier by Roy, has seen the whole thing. When Roy and Dittu are celebrating, Omar confronts the duo. Roy suddenly faces one more blackout while Omar runs away with the money. Roy has never told Dittu about his condition. When Roy opens his eyes, he is in Dr. Bhalerao\'s hospital. He sees a pained look on Dittu\'s face who has learnt Roy\'s secret. Dr. Bhalerao tells Roy that his cure is possible abroad, but money is the problem. Roy withdraws all his life\'s savings. Suddenly, he gets a call from Simi. He answers, and hears the voice of Chandru. Chandru threatens him that if he doesn\'t return the money, Simi will suffer. Roy heads towards the rendezvous location with Dittu. He instructs Dittu to forget whatever Roy has taught him and live rest of his life as a reformed man. He says that he will see to it that Simi comes down safely, upon which Dittu should escort her to safety. Roy comes on the top floor to meet an angry Chandru. Chandru leaves Simmi, but has a scuffle with Roy. He angrily pushes Roy from the roof. Roy falls but, instead of dying, ends up on an inflated plastic bed and survives. Confused, he turns towards people surrounding him, only to learn that they thought it was a film shoot. Roy tries to call everyone from Simi to Dittu and Chandru, but gets no response. Then he realizes that he has been elaborately conned. After learning that he has no brain tumour, he heads to a place where he thinks everybody will be. As expected, he meets everybody and as Dittu gives real introduction of every partner, Roy is left amazed. Dr. Bhalerao is actually a vet while Chandru is the script writer for all the drama . Roy learns that Dittu is actually Arjun, a film director, and is the son of the producer he had conned. Even Simi\'s second engagement was fake. Then, Dittu explains in detail how the whole operation was planned. After learning that it was Simi and Dittu\'s idea to teach him a lesson, Roy approaches and makes up with Simi.'] ['Eight-year-old Madan is separated from his wealthy parents, Thakur Harcharan Singh  and his wife Rajni. Their other son, Sunil  grows up to become a police inspector and is also searching for his lost brother Madan. Madan  — who now is known by the name Shyam — has managed to survive becoming a petty thief and has ended up in jail. On his release he boards a train to Bombay, where meets Shantilal, a man he had known earlier in jail. The man is old and ill, and he asks Shyam to find his two daughters, Sangita and Sushma, whom he had abandoned to poverty and debt years before. When Shyam arrives in Bombay, he begins searching for the sisters. He soon finds a young woman named Sushma . When she drives off, he follows her in a taxi to a theater owned by his father Harcharan Singh — who arrives with his wife. Sushma’s sister Sangita  is practicing dance for her stage debut in a play called “Boy Friend.” The problem is that the play does not have a male lead. While they are at the theater, Mrs. Singh’s necklace is stolen by someone in the crowd. Inspector Sunil has just arrived with his men, and they start chasing the thief. Shyam sees the thief hide the necklace in a case in the sisters’ car. That evening Shyam sneaks into the sisters’ house and retrieves the stolen necklace from the case. He also meets Sangita. When he relays their father’s message to them, the sisters invite him to stay with them. Shyam leaves early the next morning to return the stolen necklace to Sunil. But the Singhs’ servant Sampat  steals the necklace from him and sells the necklace to a dealer. Shyam, deciding to leave the life of crime and seek a job, sees the ads for a hero opposite Sangita in “Boy Friend” and goes to audition in front of Thakur Harcharan Singh. He is hired and the show opens in Shimla with great success. When he takes Sangita skiing, she breaks her leg - an operation is expensive, and she cannot appear on stage any longer. The Thakur sends his manager to demand that the sisters pay off their debt to him or lose their house. Shyam is furious at this, and quits his job as hero for the theater company. Without a job, the problem is finding the money that Sangita needs desperately without resorting to his old thieving ways...'] ['Vaibhavari Sahay, affectionately called Badki , and Shubhavari Sahay, affectionately called Chutki  are the daughters of Shivshankar Sahay  and Sabitri . They live together on the banks of the Ganges in Banaras. Life is full of happiness and joy for the two, though the family is relatively poor. Badki especially is protective of her family and is determined to ensure Chutki completes her education. As things go from bad to worse, Badki goes to Mumbai to find work. After encountering many obstacles and feeling desperate and out of options, she is forced to become the exclusive call girl "Natasha". Misleading her family &mdash; telling them she is an event planner &mdash; and sending them money for her father\'s medicines and to keep the family home from being foreclosed on, Badki hides her secret. Chutki completes her MBA and, unannounced, comes to live with Badki in Mumbai. The younger sister becomes a trainee at the Matrix Advertising agency, and Chutki falls in love with her boss, creative director Vivaan . Badki finds love in attorney Rohan  but leaves him, afraid that he would be disgusted by her profession. Chutki inadvertently discovers what Badki does for a living. The two sisters return to Banaras for Chutki\'s wedding; Badki comes face to face with Rohan, as he is revealed to be Vivaan\'s brother. Old feelings resurface between the two and eventually Rohan asks Badki to marry him. Badki refuses, feeling that Rohan would never accept her after knowing her profession. Chutki convinces Badki to think about her happiness for once and accept his proposal. During the conversation Shivshankar, Sabitri and Chutki finally face the lies and secrets realising what Badki sacrificed for the family. Badki reveals her profession to Rohan who shocks her by announcing that he knew, from the moment he saw her with her client in Zurich, that she was a call girl. Despite that he still wants to marry her. Badki readily accepts, finally gaining the happiness she has sought.'] ["Sita  and her friends go for a trip, at night Sita sleepwalks and when she is about to be killed by a train walking on the railway track, Ram  saves her. Impressed, her father decides her marriage with him. But after her marriage with Ram, Sita discovers that her sleepwalking is not a simple sleepwalking but it takes her to the story of her past life - Chitrasen , an artisan, is in love with the princess Sita  but the king rejects him, and buries him alive. His love for Neelkamal is immortal and his soul survives for centuries to meet Neelkamal. Sita is invited to Chitrasen's place by a song. She sleepwalks to Chitrasen's place every night. Her mother-in-law, a very cross person, believes that Sita is in love with another and gives her a tough time. One night Sita reaches Chitrasen's place and a brief conversation ends up with Chitrasen's soul becoming free and Sita falling unconscious. Ram rescues her & they lead a good life. Waheeda Rehman won the Filmfare Best Actress Award for her role in this film."] ['Vishal  and Aruna  are in love. Aruna learns that she is going to become blind. She don\'t want to be burden on Vishal who is already taking care of his handicapped mother. So Aruna marries her old age employer . The plot further thickens when the young daughter of Ashok Kumar falls in love with Vishal. The question "Will Vishal, who does not know the reasons for Aruna\'s defection, use this to take revenge on Aruna?" forms the rest of the story.'] ["A deaf and mute boy  witnesses his widowed mother being murdered by two men. Later, he escapes from them. Kiran  is an alcoholic who is not able to recover from the tragic death of his family. Kiran finds the boy when he is sleeping in the trash and adopts him, naming him Kittu, naming him after his son. Soon he meets Neelam and become close friends without knowing that she is Kittu's aunt. Kittu recognizes his mother's murderer in a bar along with their boss. The police discovers the body of his mother and Neelam realizes it is her sister's son. Kiran kills the murderers and finally he also faces death."] ["The plot revolves around Rajnikanth's attempts to take revenge on the killers of his parents while his elder sister Hema Malini, who is a police officer, tries to catch him in the act. Amitabh Bachchan who himself has a past with the law, is an ally of Rajnikanth in his effort."] ["For Kumaran  life is all about his mother Mahalakshmi  who separated from her husband Eshwar . Kumaran is passionate about kickboxing and he shares a very special relationship with his mother. In between, Kumaran falls in love with Malabar aka Mythili . But his life is destroyed after his mother's death. On her deathbed she tells her son to meet his father, a kickboxing champion, who lives in Malaysia. Kumaran goes to Malaysia to meet him. Eshwar is happily settled with a new family. Kumaran gets a job at his father's kickboxing academy. But he finds his father with another wife ([[Aishwarya  and a daughter. He is angry at this scene. His father trains a boxer, Anand, whom his father is sure will win the championship. Anand makes Eshwar's daughter pregnant and leaves her. He turns traitor to Eshwar and joins another team. The rest of the story is about how Eshwar trains Kumaran against Anand and wins the kickboxing competition, while Kumaran helps his half-sister with her love."] ["Two British Nationals are killed by a ferocious tiger in Orbit Park, This incident follows several other incidents, and many deaths result, prompting a National Geographic correspondent, Krish Thapar ([[John Abraham , and his wife, Riya Thapar , to take a trip to this park and ascertain what really happened. A group of youngsters, consisting of Dev Malhotra , Ishika , Sajid , and Vishal , on a thrill and hunting trip also arrive there in the hopes of sighting and shooting some big prey. Both Thapar and Malhotra groups meet with each other, and seek the guidance of a local called Kaali  after he saves them from a tiger attack. Slowly it emerges that the people being killed are not being killed by tigers but a person. Dev looks like the main suspect since he is usually not around when people are being killed. Kaali tells them all about a recent story of how overhunting was destroying the jungle. One local guide got very upset by this and started leading tourists astray and getting them killed by tigers. When this started affecting the tourist trade, other villagers and local guides beat that guide and threw him to the tigers. The local villagers now believe that his ghost is killing everyone who breaks the jungle's rules. That night while spending the night at an isolated inn, Riya is murdered in what appears to be an accident. Then Dev sees that there is no reflection of Kaali in the well or video in Riya's handycam confirming that Kali is the vengeful ghost. They trick Kali and escape the jungle narrowly escaping death due to Kali's rage. Krish later writes an article about the forest, Kali and loss of his wife, Riya. He states that there is no way to stop Kali as even after reading his articles of warning, people still wander in the forest."] ['Ali Hassan  is a reporter with Danka TV, a downmarket local TV channel in Karachi. He is keen to migrate to the US for a better life and wants to work for an American news channel. He gets a chance to fly to the USA, but ruins it on board while filming his own audition. He recites the words "Hijack" and "Bomb" too many times; thus scaring his fellow on board passengers and flight crew members. As soon as he reaches the USA, he is deported immediately. Furthermore, because of this incident his visa application is refused six times in seven years. While covering a local event for his channel, he comes across an Osama Bin Laden look-alike, Noora , and hits upon an idea to make a fake Osama tape. He manages to convince his assistant Gul  about the merits of his plan. With help from his travel agent\'s assistant Zoya  and a local radio jockey Quereshi , he is able to make the tape by tricking Noora into unknowingly posing as Bin Laden. He then sells the tape to the owner of his channel, hoping to raise money for a new false identity, a new passport and a renewed attempt at getting the elusive US visa. However, the gravity of their action strikes them when the US Government takes the tape seriously and gets involved, as do the Pakistani intelligence agencies. Noora too comes to know about the trick played upon him and goes into a hiding. Ali decides to diffuse the situation by making another tape in which Osama would be declaring ceasefire with US. He manages to convince Noora and Qureshi. During the shooting of the tape in Danka TV studio, Noora unwittingly detonates a grenade, which kills his beloved cock. Depressed, Noora runs away from the location with the Osama-makeup still on him, forcing Ali and his team to follow suit. They manage to get hold of Noora and try to convince him for another shoot. Meanwhile, the FBI team, led by Ted ([[Barry John  and Usman, head of the Pakistani intelligence agency track down the location of Ali and his team and with their help, the police arrests Noora, Ali and his team. Ted is delirious that he could at last catch Osama bin Laden. However, during the interrogation, the truth is revealed and to save Ted\'s face, Ali convinces him about his idea of making a tape of Osama declaring ceasefire. The film ends with US accepting the offer of ceasefire and Ted getting elected as Defence Secretary. Ali is at last able to make it to the US and Noora too changes his lifestyle, marries Zoya and helps her with the daily routine in her beauty parlor.'] ['The film begins with an agent code-named "Tiger"  conducting a mission in northern Iraq. India\'s top spy and an officer of India\'s Research and Analysis Wing , Tiger is forced to kill one of his own men who has defected to Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence . He subsequently kills many ISI agents in his escape. Then,Tiger returns to his house where he has been treated as a strange person because of his privacy and introvert nature in his neighbourhood. Tiger reports to his boss, Shenoy  in New Delhi. He is immediately sent on a mission to Dublin, Ireland, to observe a scientist of Indian origin, Professor Anwar Jamaal Kidwai , who teaches at the Trinity College and is suspected of sharing his findings with the Pakistan defense establishment. Fellow RAW agent Gopi  accompanies Tiger on this mission. Tiger meets the scientist but fails to spend enough time for his observance, and instead begins to spend time with scientist\'s caretaker Zoya , who is studying at a local dance academy. He tries to befriend Zoya in desire of information, and he begins to discover his human side as he grows closer to her. Despite repeated warnings from Gopi not to fall in love, Tiger later falls in love with Zoya, Before expressing his feelings to her during his visit to dance academy he founds that in reality she is the ISI Agent and refuses to cheat his country. In spite of killing, he let her go back. By a message sent to him from Zoya they meet newly during an peace conference of Government from all over the world in Istanbul and decide to leave everything for their love and fooles their respective agencies by taken their flight to Cuba while they earlier revealed it to be Kazakhstan. Then in Cuba, They again traced by their agencies and zoya is caught by ISI agents. Tiger meets Gopi who is already searching him and make him agree to save Zoya from ISI agents and finally they succeed in stiff run and chase battle. Tiger and Zoya then escape by a plane. After that, Tiger calls Shenoy. Shenoy tell them that they will find both but Tiger give him the message that "They will return the day when Pakistan and India will not have the need of ISI and RAW", which is the Principal message of the Movie.'] ["Set against the backdrop of Rajasthan, Reshma  and Shera  love each other in the midst of a violent feud between their clans. When their families find out about their relationship, Chotu , Shera's mute sharpshooting brother carries out his father Sagat Singh 's orders to kill Reshma's father  and her recently married brother Gopal . Unable to bear the grief of Gopal's widowed bride , Shera kills his own father believing he actually pulled the trigger. After this tragedy, Reshma and Shera's family's feud will end in more tragedy as misunderstandings lead to more bloodshed between the clans. Shera swears to kill Chotu and protect Reshma's family. Shera searches for Chotu, who hides in Reshma's house and seeks protection from her. The movie's climax is when Shera awaits outside Reshma's house to kill Chotu. At the moment, Chotu and Reshma emerge from the house as a married couple. Shera notices sindoor on Reshma's forehead and realizes that he cannot kill her husband, who is now Chotu, thus ending the bloodshed."] ['Ravi , Shiv  and Sunny , three final year students from a Delhi Mass Com College decided to make their diploma film about a myth which was prevalent in the northern hills of India. But, they did not know that the myth would turn out to be the truth.film is clearly inspired by 1999 American thriller The Blair Witch Project. Ravi planned the trip against the wishes of his girlfriend Rashmi  and college professor Saxena  as both of them thought it to be a dangerous trip. However, Sunny eagerly joined the trip considering it as a fun trip. It was surely fun when they began… But as they got deeper into the jungle their courage and beliefs were put to test.'] ["Muskaan  is an orphan girl living on a farm run by her overly-protective older brother, Vishal ([[Arbaaz Khan  and their 'Chachu' . Muskaan's childhood friend, Ujaala , has been carrying a torch for the brooding Vishal since childhood, but he won't give her the time of day. Later on Muskaan decides she wants to go to university in the Mumbai and has to persuade her brother to let her go. Once in the big city, Suraj , an underachieving student, who does not get along with his stepmother and is estranged from his father, falls in love with Muskaan. After a few attempts at messing with Muskaan and trying to get her attention, Suraj finally succeeds and Muskaan falls in love with him. One day, when Vishal comes to visit Muskaan, he is mistakenly considered her boyfriend by Suraj and his group of friends. They consequently try to fight Vishal but instead get beat up. Vishal does not like Suraj because his terms and conditions of his future brother-in-law are very strenuous physically and he thinks Suraj is neither competent nor a man to be taken seriously. And he decides to bring Muskaan back to the farm sensing Suraj's bad influence on her studies. Suraj pursues her and starts working on the farm as a stable boy after a chance meeting with 'Chachu' in which he saves Chachu's life. Vishal decides to give Suraj another chance and puts him to the test; however, he is rejected. Vishal wants Muskaan to marry the brother of Thakur Vijay Singh , not knowing that Thakur Vijay Singh is doing this to merely extract vengeance against the Thakur family for a previous humiliation his own family received. So Suraj must now prevent this from happening and he must also be able to win Vishal's heart if he is really interested in marrying Muskaan."] ["After his business partner leaves him penniless, Parvati's husband passes away, leaving behind two sons, Prabhakar , Sudhakar  and a dumb daughter Gauri , on the verge of destitution. When Prabhakar grows up, he marries Pooja  and moves out. Meanwhile, as time passes, Sudhakar grows up, completes his schooling, gets a job out of the town and relocates. When Gauri is not allowed to marry Murli , she commits suicide and so does Murli, calling for Sudhakar back home. Sudhakar marries wealthy Padma  and brings her home. Padma dislikes playing second fiddle even to Parvati leading to disagreements in the household. Padma's pregnancy too fails to resolve any of the problems. Thus the couple re-locates to Padma's palatial house in the city, leaving an ailing Parvati on her own. The rest of the film shows how Padma understands the value of family ties and brothers, Prabhakar and Sudhakar, get together to unite the family."] ['The film places the story in Kolkata. As the credits roll, scenes from the erstwhile Calcutta are displayed along with the narrator\'s  introduction of the era. The narration focuses on the night of the marriage of Shekhar and Gayatri Tantiya, a rich industrialist\'s daughter. The audience is introduced to Navin Rai as Shekhar\'s father while we see Shekhar readying himself for the occasion. While he is doing that, images of Lalita calling him by his name flash through his mind. Downstairs, musical celebrations begin as Shekhar meets Vasundhara, a widow from his neighborhood, who is thankful to her son-in-law, Girish , for supporting their family after the death of her husband, Gurcharan. Lalita, who is present there, playfully confronts Shekhar as to why he is being indifferent to her. Shekhar admonishes her for speaking so in spite of being married. An angry Shekhar comes back home to play a favorite tune from the past on his piano. The flashback shows a young Shekhar playing the Rabindranath Tagore’s tune on his piano while young Lalita and Koel are around. Lalita, with her parents having died in a car accident, lives with Gurcharan’s family with Koel as her cousin whereas Charu is her neighbor. As this scene flashes across Shekhar’s mind, he sings a song full of sadness and loss. As time flies, they grow up to become close friends. A rebellious and musically inclined Shekhar, spends his days playing the music of Rabindranath Tagore or Elvis Presley and composing his own songs with Lalita, rather than becoming part of his shrewd father\'s world of profit and business. Part of this rebellion involves resistance to meeting Gayatri Tantia, the beautiful but devious daughter of a wealthy industrialist, whom his father would like Shekhar to marry into. Meanwhile, Girish, a steel tycoon from London, makes a dramatic entry into Charu’s house. Girish seems smitten by Lalita whereas Koel is by Girish. Shekhar is visibly jealous of Lalita’s close friendship with Girish. One day, a shocked Lalita, who’s employed at the Ray’s office, realises of a hotel project from Gurcharan’s ancestral haveli . On an earlier occasion, Gurcharan had borrowed money from Navin Ray after putting his haveli on mortgage. She understands that if the money is not be repaid in a few months, Navin Ray would take over the property. She immediately thinks of asking Shekhar for monetary help. Unforeseen circumstances prevent this and Girish upon realising this, alleviates their problem by making Gurcharan his business partner. Gurcharan repays the debt and the turn of events prompts Shekhar to think why Lalita chose to ask Girish for money instead of him. On one auspicious night, Shekhar and Lalita exchange garlands and consummate their "marriage" unbeknownst to anyone else. While Shekhar is off to Darjeeling on a business trip, Navin Ray violently thunders on Lalita about the loss of his hotel project embarrassing and humiliating her. Ray gets a wall built between his and Gurcharan’s house symbolizing the end of their association. Gurcharan unable to digest this faces a heart attack. Upon Shekhar’s return, Ray informs him of the ill-health of his mother and Gurcharan and viciously adds a note of Lalita and Girish’s marriage. Shekhar is disgusted to hear of the marriage and in the anger he scowls at Lalita, humiliating her like his father. In the meanwhile, Girish assists the Gurcharan family and takes them to London for the heart treatment. Misunderstandings follow and upon the family’s return from London, Shekhar assumes that Girish and Lalita are married and agrees to marry Gayatri. The film returns to the night of Shekhar’s marriage when Girish hands him the ownership papers of Gurcharan’s haveli. He shocks Shekhar by telling him that he got married to Koel because Lalita denied his marriage proposal. As a conclusion, Shekhar confronts his father and symbolically breaks down the wall separating the two families. He then brings Lalita to his home as his bride much to the delight of his mother.'] ["Rajvir  and Ranvir  are devoted brothers. They along with their parents leave their village in Punjab to move to Mumbai. When their mother passes away, Ranvir takes on the responsibility of looking after his younger brother. After some hardship Ranvir manages to turn everything around and he becomes really wealthy. Rajvir on the other hand lives recklessly and without a care in the world. Both brothers find love with Shalini . Happy for Rajvir, Ranvir arranges the marriage. Unfortunately he later finds out that he has arranged Rajvir's marriage with the person he  loves. Rajvir must decide what is more important, the brother who has cared for him and given him everything all these years or his love."] [" Jogi Thakur  is a simple man of high principles. He is a resident son-in-law who, with his wife, has been bequeathed property and estates by his father-in-law. He breaks his marriage to an autocratic landlady  when he finds out that on her wife's order, the chief accountant of the estate has cunningly obtained his signatures on an order that the houses of the poor be burnt. He leaves home, vowing never to return as long as he lives, leaving his daughter Neena behind. He moves to Mumbai where he makes a living by entertaining children in a park. He is specially fond of a girl whose name, incidentally, is Neena, too. Unfortunately the girl takes ill and dies. He then returns to his village, Chandanpur, where he finds that the daughter of one of his villager friends, Baiju, has been abducted. He rushes to the place where she is about to be raped by the estate's cunning chief accountant, and kills him to protect the girl. The villagers make up a phony story to save him, but he opts to tell the truth in the court and is jailed. There, he starts tending to the garden and composes philosophical poems. The doctor at the jail, Dr. Biren  takes a special liking to him. Coincidentally, Neena, Jogi Thakur's daughter is set to be married with the doctor. Jogi Thakur finds this out by chance as he is tending to the garden outside doctor's room and overhears their conversations. He also learns that his daughter hates criminals. And so he shields his face from her on the few occasions that they meet. Unfortunately, he takes ill just as he is granted pardon by the government for his good behaviour. The doctor, has come to think of him as a father figure. He tells Jogi Thakur that the day he will be out of jail will be the eve of his marriage. Jogi Thakur is taken by the desire to see his daughter being wedded, and hurries to see her. However, he does not want anyone to recognize him. Finally he joins the beggars who have gathered for a treat for the marriage, where his daughter and son-in-law are serving food. He manages to give his blessings to her and hurries out. However, as he collapses on the road, he is recognized and people gather around him. The news reaches his daughter who rushes to the spot to meet with her father at his last moment. Adorned with such wonderful songs such as Rail Gaadi Rail Gaadi Chhuk Chhuk Chhuk Chhuk Chhuk Chhuk Chhuk, Beechwale Station Bole Ruk Ruk Ruk Ruk Ruk Ruk Ruk Ruk, sung by Ashok Kumar himself, Ek Tha Bachpan by Lata Mangeshkar , and finally the memorable Jeevan Se Lambe Hai Bandhu Yeh Jeevan Ke Raste by Manna Dey , the movie is an emotional journey through a man's life who stands by his principles only to be overcome by love for his daughter in the end."] ["This is a story about an architect Raj Malhotra . While he was a top student in his school and college days, he is not having much luck finding work, clients or projects. All he does seems to go wrong. Raj goes to a gypsy named Haseena Bano Jaan . She advises him that his luck is not good and he needs a lucky charm or a person who can change his life. Afterwards, Raj meets Priya , who is ready to help the citizens of a community by trying to save a community center. Although they do not get along at first, Raj eventually realizes that Priya is his lucky charm. Priya ends up helping Raj through sticky situations and Raj eventually figures out that she is, in fact, changing his life. Knowing this, Raj lies to Priya by telling her that he will help her save the community center, but instead, he is trying to build a shopping mall there so he can finally be recognized as an architect. He also falls in love with Priya and she too falls for him. However, when Priya finds out the truth about what Raj is trying to do, she becomes very upset and hurt. To make up for his lie, Raj sells everything he has, not caring about his job. He proposes a plan to save the community center and ends up winning Priya's love and admiration. After Priya and Raj finally get together, Raj's life changes and he becomes prosperous."] ["Omkara Shukla or Omi  is a bahubali, a sort of political enforcer. He is the leader of a gang which carries out political crimes for the local politician Tiwari Bhaisaab . Ishwar 'Langda' Tyagi  and Keshav 'Kesu Firangi' Upadhyay  are his closest lieutenants. The movie starts with Langda Tyagi hijacking a baraat and challenging Rajju , the bridegroom, to try and stop Omkara from abducting the bride, Dolly Mishra . Rajju fails and the wedding never takes place. Dolly’s father Advocate Raghunath Mishra , mostly referred in the movie as vakeel saab , is furious and confronts Omi. He puts a gun to Omi’s head and demands the return of his daughter. Bhaisaab, the political boss, intervenes and resolves the conflict by mentioning the current political conditions and prevents bloodshed. Still unconvinced, Raghunath grieves to Bhaisaab the next day. To bring a final solution to this issue, Dolly is made to appear in front of her father and clarify that she eloped with Omi rather than being abducted forcefully. She also tells the events of how she fell in love with Omkara. The father leaves feeling betrayed and ashamed. After some crafty political arm-twisting, involving a MMS sex scandal, Omkara eliminates a powerful electoral rival. Bhaisaab is elected for parliament and Omkara is promoted from bahubali to the candidate for the upcoming state elections. Omkara appoints Kesu over Langda as his successor once he enters politics himself. Langda, disappointed with Omkara's poor judgment and jealous of Kesu, his younger, less-experienced, superior; hatches a plot to avenge both his offenders. He first causes a violent brawl between Kesu and Rajju by taking advantage of Kesu's low threshold for alcohol. Such irresponsible behaviour by Kesu infuriates Omi, who now starts having doubts over his decision.  On the one hand, playing the role of a concerned friend, Langda convinces Kesu to appeal to Dolly, Omi's lover and bride-to-be to mollify Omi. On the other hand, he starts to disrepute Dolly by implicating Kesu's visits to her as an illicit love affair between the two. A kamarbandh carelessly dropped by Dolly and stolen by Langda’s wife Indu , which eventually reaches Billo Chamanbahar  as a gift from Kesu, plays an important part in the plot, as evidence of Dolly’s infidelity. During the climax, on the night of their wedding, Omi is convinced that Dolly and Kesu have been having an affair behind his back. In utter rage, he smothers his new wife to death. Langda shoots Kesu with a silent approval from Omi. Kesu is hit with a bullet on his arm. Hearing gunshots and in shock, Indu enters the room where Omi is sitting next to Dolly’s corpse in remorse. Indu notices the kamarbandh and confesses to stealing it, they both understand the fatal misunderstanding and Langda as its root cause. In retribution, Indu slashes Langda's throat and Omi commits suicide. The movie closes with Omi lying dead on the floor and Dolly’s dead body swinging above him, while Kesu looks on."] ["Mohan Sharma  a successful businessman in Bombay, marries late in life, and is leading a happy married life. Unfortunately, his wife dies during childbirth leaving behind a young daughter, Uma , whom he cannot bear to see, except when he is drunk! Naturally, the daughter grows up all by her self, becomes highly introvert. As time passes, Mohan Sharma's health starts failing due to over work and alcoholism, doctors suggest change of weather, to hill-station, Mahabaleshwar. Meanwhile, Arun , son of Mohan Sharma's friend Hari Mehta and who is set to marry Uma, returns home after studying engineering abroad for five years, and joins them along with his friend, Ashok , a writer and a teacher. Here things change when young Ashok enters Uma's life, but she cannot do anything to jeopardize already fragile relationship between her and her father."] ["Karan Malhotra  is a spirited and happy-go-lucky boy who does not follow the rules. Sana  is the opposite of Karan: a sweet and shy girl who lives life by the rules. Even though they are completely opposite, they fall in love, leading to a magical love story.<ref name http://entertainment.oneindia.in/bollywood/previews/2008/love-story-2050-preview-110608.html |title Indiafm |accessdate 2008-06-11}} A scientist, Dr. Yatinder Khanna , has dedicated 15 years of his life to building a time machine. Sana expresses a wish to time-travel to Mumbai in the year 2050, but she is killed in an accident before her marriage to Karan. Karan wishes to travel back in time and find Sana. Dr. Yatinder, Karan, and Sana's siblings Rahul and Thea travel forward in time and reach Mumbai in 2050. They are fascinated by the futuristic Mumbai, with its flying cars, holograms, robots, 200-story buildings and more. Twists and turns lead to the introduction of Ziesha , the reincarnation of Sana. Ziesha is a popular singer in 2050 who does not remember her past life, but gets flashbacks of it after meeting Karan. Unlike Sana, Ziesha is an arrogant, headstrong and rebellious girl who does not believe in love. She leads a lonely life after the death of her parents, which has embittered her. Karan and the others find themselves under the threat of the demi-god, Dr. Hoshi. After Karan tells Ziesha he loves her, he is taken away from her by the guards. Ziesha does not believe him when he tells her about his time travel. However, after reading Sana's diary, Ziesha ultimately remembers her past life. Karan returns to her and she declares her love for him and tells him she is Sana. Dr. Hoshi tries to capture Karan because he wants the time machine. After a wild attempt to catch Karan and Ziesha, Hoshi crashes into a nuclear substance truck and dies. Karan goes back to 2008 in the time machine with Ziesha and the rest of his family. Everyone is overjoyed to see their beloved Sana again and Karan proposes to her.<ref name http://Lovestory2050.com |title Lovestory2050.com |accessdate 2008}}"] ["Karan  and Priya  are the lead pair of a dance troupe & in love with each other. They land a gig on a cruise ship  owned by a rich businessman named Raj . Raj, who is attracted to Priya at first sight, doesn't know that Priya and Karan are in love. Raj quickly falls for Priya and she is totally swept off her feet. While Karan is unaware, Raj continues to romance and woo Priya. Eventually Raj proposes to Priya and she eagerly agrees to marry him. The story takes a twist when we find out that Priya and Karan have been scheming and plotting all along to take Raj's money. So begins a treacherous love triangle, where greed, ambition and love cause turmoil in the lives of the three. Priya eventually marries Raj and continues to plot with Karan to get hold of the fortune. Then, unexpectedly, Priya starts to develop feelings for Raj and falls in love with him. Raj eventually finds out about her treachery but forgives her and the climax is when Raj attacks Karan. In the end Priya picks up a gun and kills Karan and she and Raj get on with their lives."] ['G. Krishnamoorthy aka G. K.  is a cartoonist and investigative journalist working in New Delhi. Urvashi plays the role of his sister Uma, who is also a journalist. G. K. falls in love with Maria Fernandes  who is a professional dancer in New Delhi. C. R. Panikkar  and Shankar ([[Devan , two political icons, book a dance show of Maria on the eve of republic day. They called her to a hotel room where she is brutally raped. G. K. decides to report this incident in his newspaper. But the chief editor, instead of congratulating him informs the villain about his plan. G. K. was arrested by the police that night on fake charges. He was brought to the court where he had to face many false witnesses including Fernandes, Maria\'s father who claimed nobody harmed his daughter. The court slaps GK with a five year rigorous imprisonment with the verdict that G. K. was mentally unfit and should be kept in a mental asylum for one and a half years. G. K. had to face lot of brutalities in the mental asylum and prison. G. K. meets Ananthan ([[Vijayaraghavan , Siddiq([[Siddique and Appu\'s acquaintance from the jail. He was once selected to be set free from prison as part of Republic day but was denied the chance by Shankar. Nataraj Vishnu  was a murderer who was sentenced to death by the court. G.K., who already had a plan of avenge met Vishnu and offered him help for breaking out of the jail. After completing the five year period, G.K. is free. Maria was all set, ready with a new newspaper which she dedicates to G.K. He arranged every help for Vishnu, Ananthan, Siddiq and Appu to break the jail. G.K. delayed the issuing of his newspaper even if his newspaper had all facilities and trained journalists including Uma and Suresh , Uma\'s fiancee. He wanted his newspaper to release only after getting a very sensational news. G.K. instructed the four membered team to kill C. R. Panikkar. He was electrocuted and killed, the torturing method G.K. had to face in the mental asylum. The newspaper was printed the night Panikkar was killed. The newspaper had a grand reception by the people since this sensational news. G.K. murdered everyone involved in torturing him brutally and reported this in his newspaper before the actual occurrence of the incident. G.K.\'s newspaper soon became the leading newspaper in India. Uma and Suresh had doubts about how the news being published in their newspaper so early by the "unknown" reporter. G.K. instructed the team to kill Suresh who got some evidences and photos about this. G.K. who later came to know about the affair between Uma and Suresh tried to rescue Suresh but could not. The last prey of G.K.\'s series of killings was Shankar, who was a central minister then. G.K. as usual, instructed the team to kill Shankar and he published a news about Minister Shankar\'s murder. But the team could not cross the tight security and kill him. They all were killed in an encounter with police. G.K. who was all set to release his next day\'s newspaper was arrested by the police in conspirating the attack on Shankar. Shankar came to the office of G.K. to harass him. G.K. tried the last chance to kill Shankar with his pistol but failed in that too. Soon, Maria Fernandes shoots Shankar with the pistol. The police tried to lock her, but she succeeded in killing him.'] ["In the beginning, we see Jimmy Cliff , a call center executive who also teaches English, as the narrator. Pooja Singh  shows up outside his class and says she needs private tutoring. Without any hesitation, Jimmy quickly agrees as he has already fallen in love with her; he later finds out that Pooja's boss Bhaiyyaji  is the one that has to be tutored. As their love grows, Pooja reveals that she is only working for Bhaiyyaji to pay her debts and then go to Haridwar for her father's funeral. They decide to steal Bhaiyyaji's money and run away. The couple succeed in their mission, and Jimmy asks Pooja to guard the money while he goes to the call center. At the call centre, Jimmy learns that Bhaiyyaji is a maverick gangster who enjoys killing people and goes home to warn Pooja. Unexpectedly, Pooja has run away with all the money. Bhaiyyaji hires Bachchan Pande , a gangster to catch Jimmy. After getting caught, Jimmy and Bachchan head towards Haridwar to find Pooja and recover Bhaiyyaji's money. When they reach there, Pooja sees them and runs away. Unable to find Pooja there, Jimmy and Bachchan set off to find her again. While on the road, the duo get into a silly fight about the radio station and get in an accident, where their car falls into the water. Along with Jimmy and Bachchan, Pooja comes out of the water too. She tells them that she has hid the money in several different places. Jimmy and Pooja decide to run away with the money with the help of Bachchan. The duo decide that Pooja should seduce Bachchan just like how she did to Jimmy. While on their journey to recover the money, Pooja and Bachchan find out that they are each other's childhood love, and they both fall in love. After recovering all of the money, Bachchan decides to leave with it, not knowing that Jimmy has replaced the money with stones. When Pooja realizes what he has done, she tells Jimmy the truth about Bhaiyyaji killing her father. To save Bachchan, Pooja and Jimmy head to Bhaiyyaji's lair with the money. When they get there, Jimmy pretends to betray Pooja and slaps Bachchan. He tells Bhaiyyaji to give him his gun so that he could kill Bachchan. After getting the gun, Jimmy instead points it to Bhaiyyaji and takes him as hostage. He heads towards a car with Pooja and Bachchan following him. Surrounded by lots of men with guns, Bhaiyyaji manages to jump out of the car and everybody begins shooting at them. After a lengthy fight scene, Bhaiyyaji is killed by Pooja stabbing him with a knife. In the end, Jimmy opens up his own call centre, where only girls work, and Bachchan and Pooja get married."] ["20-year-old Sarena's  world is picture perfect &mdash; she has an adorable relationship with her industrialist father Vivek Devan  and is on the verge of major stardom as a pop singer. Jai's  world is poles apart. As the struggling editor of a near-bankrupt tabloid, he dreams of one day having an office in pricey Nariman Point. He searches for a sensational story that'll get him there. Jai stumbles upon the secret that pop star Sarena is not the real daughter of industrialist Vivek Devan, who had taken great pains to ensure that no one knew she was adopted. Jai realises that this could be the story he was looking for and goes ahead and publishes it, thus incurring the wrath of Vivek Devan. An enraged Vivek Devan takes legal action against the errant journalist, and he tries to suppress any further information being leaked. Sarena, however, notices her father's anxiety and confronts him, only to discover that Jai, despite his crude ways of going about it, had written the truth. Ignoring her father's protests, Sarena goes in search of her mother. At every stage, her companion in her mission is Jai, who follows her through the journey from Mumbai to Ooty to get the legal notice withdrawn. With no headway in her search, Sarena seeks Jai's help, inspired by his go-getting ways. As Sarena discovers layer upon devastating layer of truth behind her identity, Jai too learns many things about life. On the trip, they fall in love. When Sarena meets her mother, she is glad, but her mother doesn't seem pleased. She rejects Sarena by stating that she doesn't have a daughter. It turns out that Sarena's mother was raped by a police officer, and Sarena was the product of that disastrous event. Horrified by the truth, Sarena teams up with Jai to fix the injustice done to her mother. All ends well, as Sarena's mother is able to get justice, the police inspector gets arrested, and Sarena and Jai get married."] ['The story is narrated by Gulabji , a prostitute who frequents RK Bar . She introduces the audience to the bar\'s lead singer, Ranbir Raj  whom she lovingly calls "Saawariya" , who is a free-spirited and kind-hearted guy with no worries at all. One night, while sleeping on the street, he and Gulabji meet. Despite knowing what Gulabji does, Raj still treats her in a friendly manner and, unlike other men, is kind to the other prostitutes and tries to brighten their sad lives. When he tells Gulabji that he needs somewhere to stay and a job for a living, she tells him that there is only one woman who\'ll give him a place to stay. That woman is Lilian  - but she allows only those she likes. Raj decides to meet her the next morning. Raj meets Lilian, and they have a very emotional chat, during which Lillian reveals she had a son who left her many years ago and never returned. After being overwhelmed by the sheer genuineness of Raj, she agrees to let him stay with her because he reminds her of her long lost son. Raj goes out for a walk in the night and meets a mysterious girl dressed in black and holding an umbrella. He tries to talk to her and starts following her, but under the wrong impression, she shouts at Raj and tells him to go away. Raj tells her that he will go away, but on the condition that he\'d escort her to safety, lest someone with bad intentions would follow and trouble her. Then, as predicted by Raj, a drunkard begins following her and Raj saves her from him. Raj insists she allow him to escort her to her home, to which she agrees. Raj then discovers that her name is Sakina , and that night Raj falls in love with her. After thinking about her all night, Raj decides to confess about his feelings to Sakina. When he calls to her the next night after resigning from his job so he can see her, Sakina ignores him and refuses to speak to him. Raj gets angry with her but the pair reconcile. He takes her to his favorite place, on the top of town clock building. In front of a picturesque scene of the blue moon and a train arriving on the horizon, Sakina reveals that she is in love with someone: his name is Imaan , and explains to Raj how she fell in love with him when he boarded at her house. Imaan left the house but promised to return on Eid for Sakina. It has been a while and Imaan has still not returned for her, though she has been waiting for him faithfully. Hearing this, Raj does not confess about his feelings and becomes heart-broken. Although Raj now knows that Sakina doesn’t love him and her friendship was not love but just pure friendship, he readies himself to help her anyhow. However, his love-lorn heart refuses to believe that there is someone called Imaan. He asks Gulabji for advice, who advises him to tell Sakina how he feels. With the entire neighborhood cheering him on, he decides to propose to Sakina on the night of Eid. He takes Sakina to RK Bar and sings his favorite song for her. Sakina remembers that it’s time to meet Imaan at the bridge and leaves. Following her, Raj tells her that he has discovered that there is no Imaan and it\'s all a myth; upon hearing this, Sakina hurts Raj, telling him to let her go. Raj goes to Gulabji, saying he wants to be with her for the night , insulting her. Gulabji, who loves Raj but knows that he loves Sakina, gets deeply hurt by this and gets Raj thrown out of the brothel onto the street, where he is beaten up by a few of Gulabji\'s hench men. She tells one of her colleagues that even though she loves Raj, this is not the way she intends to love him and if he gets entangled in the world of prostitutes, he will forever lose his pure soul. He returns to the place where Sakina is waiting, where Imaan has still not arrived. Sakina, befuddled and heart-broken, becomes sure that there is no chance of Imaan coming back, so she decides to be with Raj, as she knows how much he loves her. Raj tries to make Sakina happy and succeeds; they enjoy the first snowfall. When they are returning home, they pass the bridge where they first met and see Imaan waiting for Sakina. Torn between the two: her true love and the love of the guy who loves her unconditionally, Sakina hesitates as she steps toward Imaan. Raj, however, tells her to go and reunite with Imaan. The movie ends as a tribute to yesteryear great Raj Kapoor, where Raj walks and sings exactly like him from Shree 420, retreating into a side street and walks off, remembering the sweet moments he spent with Sakina.'] ['After bumping into a college girl one day, a young man suddenly finds himself falling hopelessly in love with her. The only problem is that, clad as she is in a traditional burkha, he has only seen her hands. The remaining part explains how he finds her. Over-discreet questioning and misunderstandings lead to a series of mistaken identities and misdirected romances.'] ['Ankur is a film that analyzes human behavior in general and heavily stresses characterization . The story revolves around two characters, Lakshmi and Surya. Ankur is also there. Lakshmi  lives in a village with her husband Kishtayya , a deaf-mute Dalit alcoholic potter who communicates using gestures. At the beginning of the film, during a village festival, she claims  that her only desire is to have a child. Surya , the son of the village landlord, has just finished his studies in the nearby city of Hyderabad. Surya\'s father  has a mistress named Kaushalya to whom, he claims, he "gave the best land in the village." They have an illegitimate son named Pratap. The landlord forces his legitimate son into a child marriage with Saru . Because Surya must wait until Saru "comes of age," he begins to feel sexually frustrated. He is then forced to administer his share of land in the village. He is to stay in an old house, and Lakshmi and Kishtayya are to act as his servants. Not long after his arrival, he begins introducing a number of measures . For example, on his second day in the village, Surya  has Lakshmi cook his meals and make tea. This disappoints the village priest, who is accustomed to delivering food to the landowner, though at a higher price than Lakshmi asks. On the same day, Surya also hires Kishtayya to ride his bullock cart and go on errands. The following day, he has Kishtayya collect fertilizer from the landlord\'s house. Surya uses Kishtayya\'s absence to try to flirt with Lakshmi but fails. In the meantime, the villagers gossip, and many  believe that Surya has already slept with Lakshmi and will treat her the same way the landlord treated Kaushalya: try to conceal the scandal by giving the mistress a plot of land. Kishtayya is caught stealing toddy, after which he is publicly humiliated. He then leaves the village one night. In his absence, Surya and Lakshmi sleep together. A few days later, Saru arrives at the village. Saru does not approve of Lakshmi\'s presence, partly because Lakshmi is a Dalit and partly because Saru has heard the villagers\' rumors. The next morning, Lakshmi begins suffering from morning sickness. Saru sacks her, claiming that she is too sick to work. Many days later, Kishtayya returns, having cured himself of his alcoholism and made some money. Lakshmi is overwhelmed with a feeling of guilt, because she believes that she has betrayed her husband. On discovering Lakshmi\'s pregnancy, he salutes the village goddess at her temple. He then decides to try to ride the bullock cart again but carries a stick as he approaches Surya. Surya sees Kishtayya and mistakenly believes that Kishtayya is seeking revenge from him. Surya has three men hold Kishtayya and then proceeds to whip him with a rope used for lynching. The commotion attracts others  to the scene, and Lakshmi rushes to defend her husband. She angrily curses Surya, then slowly returns home with Kishtayya. In the final scene, after the others have left, a child throws a stone at Surya\'s glass window and runs away, and this is the \'Seedling\'.Shyam Benegal at filmreference'] ["The film is set in a small village in Rajasthan, India. It tells the story of a woman named Shanichari, who was abandoned by her mother shortly after her father's death. Bad fortune follows as she marries an alcoholic, who leaves her with little hope of a brighter future for herself and her mentally challenged son. Throughout Shanichari's lifetime of misfortune she has never cried. This creates great difficulty once she is called to become a rudaali until Bhinkni, an experienced mourner, enters her life.Rudaali Production Details | Box Office - Yahoo! Movies Shanichari and the local landlord's son fall in love with each other, but Shanichari is reluctant to ask the rich lover for money as she does not want to lower her love even for the sake of getting out of poverty and misery."] ["The film starts off with Pasha  being taken to prison. To get out of the situation, he writes to his best man, Jackie . Jackie goes to Shrikanth Mathur  and warns him. He then kidnaps Shrikanth's daughter Radha . He tells her that he is a police officer and they fall in love; however, she finds out that he is a goon. Nevertheless, she does not leave him but urges him to surrender. Transformed by true love, Jackie surrenders himself to the police and is imprisoned for two years. Back home, Radha tells her brother Daamodar  the whole truth. To keep Radha from getting married to somebody else, he calls his friend Jimmy  to put on a show that Radha and Jimmy love each other. Jimmy misunderstands the situations and actually falls in love with Radha. When Jackie comes back, he starts working in a garage and tries to reform himself. Despite everything, Shrikanth kicks him out of his life. After many days and events that follow, Daamodar finds out that Jimmy is a drug smuggler. After getting released from prison, Pasha desires revenge against both Shrikanth and Jackie, so he kidnaps Radha, Shrikanth and Daamodar. Jackie comes at the last moment and frees all of them. As a happy ending, Shrikanth lets Radha marry Jackie."] ["The story revolves around the life of a foster relationship. Set in the era of the Roman Empire over 2000 years ago, it centres around the point of persecution of Jews at the time in the empires centre - Rome. Ezra  is a jeweller who has a son called Elijah. He also has a friendly butler/child minder called Emmanuel. In the beginning, Ezra is due to leave. As he does, Elijah becomes upset and stands at the balcony. In the roads of the Jewish area, Brutus , Governor of Rome, is passing, making an announcement. Watching over the balcony, is Elijah. A stone slips from his hand and hits Brutus on the head. Brutus immediately gets Elijah arrested, and as Elijah is a Jew, sentences him to death. Hearing this, Ezra rapidly returns from his trip and arrives at the doorstep of Brutus. He begs Brutus to free Elijah but Brutus feeds Elijah to hungry lions. Ezra sadly returns to his house. In revenge, Emmanuel kidnaps Lydia, motherless daughter of Brutus, and takes her to Ezra. Ezra declines to kill Lydia and adopts the child. Brutus' anger brews. He orders the guards to find his daughter, and calles a punishment onto all Jews. Ezra remains hidden and raises Lydia, who grows up thinking she is Ezra's daughter and that her name is Hannah. Years pass and Ezra grows to become a successful jeweler, well known to be so good and a Jew. Hannah  grows into a beautiful young lady and attracts attention from many. The emperor of Rome arrives in Rome for the marriage of his son Prince Marcus  to Brutus' niece Princess Octivia . However, Prince Marcus avoids talking about his marriage and opposes it. One day, when returning from a hunting trip, he gets hurt and is cared for by Hannah. He then disguises as a Jew and goes back into the Jewish area. He saves Hannah from a Roman soldier and meets her father, Ezra, not as Prince Marcus but as Monshija, a successful Jew from Alexandria. Ezra is happy to meet him and 'Monshija' and Hannah fall in love. But Hannah soon notices that something isn't right. Prince Marcus then reveals who he is, making Hannah very upset who banishes the Prince from her life. Then comes the day of the marriage of Prince Marcus and Princess Octivia. Everyone is invited. Before the ritual could commence, Hannah shouts aloud that she had been cheated by a Roman. Ezra joins in to get back at his enemy Brutus. He clamors for justice. The Emperor demands the name of the culprit and Hannah claims it was Prince Marcus. Brutus tries to rebut Hannah and Ezra, but the Emperor insists that justice must be done. Heartbroken, Hannah returns home. She is followed by Princess Octivia. Hannah sees the Princess at her doorstep and denies her entry. Hannah knew the princess would beg for the Prince's life. However, the princess told Hannah that the Prince will be sentenced to death the very next day. Early morning the next day, without warning, Hannah took Ezra with her to the Emperor. There she told him that she takes the accusation back. She tells the Emperor that the man that cheated was not the prince but a look alike. Ezra is shocked, and Brutus, filled with happiness, sentences Hannah and Ezra to death. They are to be thrown into a cauldron of boiling oil that very day... in front of the Prince! Unable to bear that his love will be burnt in front of him, Prince Marcus Blinds himself, then goes to the cauldron chamber. Here Ezra is begging for Hannah's life, and Hannah is trying to reason with Ezra that she'd rather die than live a life of hate. But Brutus will stop at nothing, the two will die! Immediately Ezra tells Brutus that he knows where the governor's lost daughter is. Brutus is confused and says that this is Ezra's revenge and accuses the Jew of lying. Ezra sarcastically agrees. But Brutus begs Ezra and Ezra will only tell on one condition. That Hannah be thrown into the cauldron as soon as Brutus finds out who his daughter is. Now Hannah is confused. Ezra tells Brutus that Hannah is Brutus' daughter and the Jew tells the guards to throw Hannah into the boiling oil. Brutus orders them to stop. Ezra looks at Hannah and dies. Hannah cries over her foster fathers dead body. Brutus tells Hannah not to cry, but Hannah does not listen. She runs away from Brutus and finds the Prince. Shocked to find him blind, Hannah lends him support and helps him as the two disappear into the distance."] ["Shekhar Sinha , his wife Sandhaya  and their son Jai  are one of the many Indian families living in Mauritius. Jai ventures out to Stockholm, Sweden to obtain education in culinary studies and incidentally meets Sophie Besson , a Roman Catholic Franco-Mauritian. They start meeting regularly and soon fall in love. Jai is introduced to Sophie's parents Norman and Claire Besson  but Norman  instantly disapproves of him . Jai feels his father and mother would approve of Sophie. Unfortunately Sandhaya disapproved her  and tells Jai to end his relationship with her. The lovers plan to elope but Jai fails to turn up on the stipulated wedding time in Church. Sophie reluctantly returns to her parents to marry the boy of their choice . By this time Jai is engaged to Gayatri Pandey , to fulfill his mother's wish . Sophie wants to know why Jai did not turn up."] ["99 is an original story inspired by real events. It is the story of two men in two cities who are bound by a common feeling of always being stuck at 99. They never seem to make it to a 'century' in life. The plot involves small-time crooks, conspiracies, car crashes, a briefcase full of money and a historical controversy brewing in the background. The film is set in 1999 and showcases events that happened during that time, mainly revolving around the controversial India-South Africa cricket betting scandal."] ["Sethumadhavan  has plans to start a biscuit factory . But the bureaucracy and the corruption of the officials are the hurdles in front of him. Along with that he has to solve the problems in his dysfunctional family. Added to that he marries his long-term fiancée Sulochana ([[Urvashi , who always cribs that he doesn't have love towards her, which he had shown before their marriage. ."] ["Shekhar lives a poor lifestyle along with his maternal uncle, Dharamdas; his aunt; a cousin, Sita - who is separated from her husband, Mahesh; and also has a sister, Gauri, who had eloped with her lover and everyone believes is dead. He studies in college along with wealthy fellow collegian, Bela. Both do not get along, but that changes when her dad comes to know about Shekhar's good character and thinks that he will be a suitable son-in-law. He approaches Dharamdas and arranges their marriage with the condition that Shekhar move in with his family, to which Dharamdas and Shekhar agree but Bela's mom is displeased as she would like her daughter to marry Rajan Murari, the son of their employee, Govindram. Despite of this, the marriage does take place and Shekhar moves in, is employed by Thakur, and the family settles down to a fairly harmonious relationship. Their idyllic lifestyle is shattered when Bela suspects, and then across evidence that Sita and Mahesh, who are now together, have stolen her diamond necklace; that Shekhar is having an affair with a dancing girl; that he has embezzled Rs.10,000/- and had gone to an undisclosed location for 3 days. Things get even worse when Thakur meets with an accident, and subsequently passes away - paving the way for his wife to arrange her daughter's divorce and Shekhar's death."] ['Colonel Sahab is a doctor in a psychiatry ward and Nurse Radha  is heart-broken after a civilian patient, Dev Kumar , whom she cared for, pouring out her love and affection, leaves the hospital, as she had been unable to keep her heart separate from her professional work and had fallen in love with her patient. Next Arun Choudury , a writer and poet enters as a patient, suffering acute mania after being rejected by his lover, Sulekha. After refusing to take his care, Radha relents and starts nursing him. In between while caring for Arun she reminisces her past and tells a story of how she took care of injured brave army soldiers when she was posted in Laddakh during the Sino-Indian war of 1962. Gradually Arun gets cured by the love of Nurse Radha, who yet again falls hopelessly in love with her patient. Unable to hide from the truth yet unable to face it, Radha herself goes insane and is admitted to the same clinic. Arun, promises to wait for her until she recovers, finding no other options that he could choose to make her better again. Khamoshi Review and synopsis Upperstall.com.'] ['Professional photographers Vinod Chopra  and Sudhir Mishra  open a photo studio in the prestigious Haji Ali area in Mumbai, and hope to make enough money to keep it running. After a disastrous start, they are given some work by the editor of "Khabardar", a publication that exposes the scandalous lives of the rich and the famous. They accept it and start working with the editor, Shobha Sen , on a story exposing the dealings between an unscrupulous builder, Tarneja , and corrupt Municipal Commissioner D\'Mello . During their investigation, they find out that another builder Ahuja  too is involved in this dealing. While working on their story, Sudhir and Vinod decide to enter a photography contest that carries a prize money of Rs.5000/-, and take a number of photographs all over the city. On developing their pictures, in one of the photographs they see a man shooting someone. Upon enlarging it, they realize that the killer is none other than Tarneja. They immediately return to the park where they had shot that picture and realize that the body is lying behind the bushes. Before the duo get to the body, it disappears, but they manage to retrieve one of a pair of gold cuff links. Sometime later, they attend the inauguration of a bridge dedicated to the memory of late Municipal Commissioner D\'Mello who is supposed to have died of a terminal disease. It is there that they discover the other cuff link. They return at night and dig up that area and unearth a coffin containing the dead body of D\'Mello.  The duo take a number of photographs of the corpse, and wheel it with them with the hopes of exposing Tarneja. Suddenly the body disappears. Later they find out that the body is with Tarneja\'s rival, Ahuja who had, in an inebriated condition, carried the coffin tied to his car to his farm house. They provide this information to Shobha, who in turn starts blackmailing Tarneja. He invites her and her associates to crack a deal, and plants a bomb to kill them. Unfortunately, the bomb explodes right in the face of Tarneja and his henchmen, and the trio escape from the scene. Later, the duo realize that Shobha and Ahuja are up to no good, and so they take the corpse, and wheel it with them, but not before Tarneja, Ahuja, the new Municipal Commissioner Srivastav , Shobha and others also get involved, resulting in a series of comic mix-ups including one with some burkha-clad women. The climax is set upon a stage dramatization of the Mahabharata, particularly the enactment of the Draupadi Cheer-Haran episode, which is turned on its head with the duo and the group following them inserting themselves into the scene. The corpse plays Draupadi and the vile Duryodhana, who orders the disrobing in the original version, ends up pledging to save Draupadi\'s honor at any cost. To make things even more hilarious, a new act - that of the ill-fated romance of Salim and Anarkali - is introduced, with the corpse playing Anarkali. In the end, the police arrives and Vinod and Sudhir present their evidence to the police officer, and it seems as though Tarneja will be arrested. Srivastava, being the Assistant Municipal Commissioner tells the officer to wait a few minutes before arresting Tarneja. Tarneja tells the Ahuja and Shobha that if he goes to jail, he would make sure that their malpractices are also exposed. In a twist ending, they all come to an agreement and Srivastava manages to pin the murder of Commissioner D\'Mello and the collapse of the bridge on Vinod and Sudhir. In the final scene, Vinod and Sudhir are shown several months/years later released from prison, still in their prison clothes. They turn to the camera and make a cut-throat gesture, signifying the death of justice and truth in an age of corruption.'] ["Vijay  is a very proud rich man who thinks money can buy anything. He harbors love for Asha and tries to win her but she rejects him for his arrogance. He gets angry as well as disappointed when Asha marries an account clerk instead. Soon after he is involved in car accident in which he loses his eyesight completely, and the doctor thinks Vijay will need a new pair of eyes. Vijay orders for eyes, but it isn't as simple as Vijay thought, the doctor explains to him that it's difficult to find an eye donor. That is when Vijay realizes that money cannot buy everything in life. Then he starts believing in God and starts chanting prayers. Only a few days after, he finds a donor and his eyes are operated upon. Now Vijay can see and he also has realized that money is indeed very useless in certain circumstances. On inquiry he comes to know that the eyes implanted on him are of Anil, his accounts clerk and the person who married Asha. Now Asha is a widow as Anil has been executed after being falsely implicated on a case of theft. It now becomes an aim of the now big hearted generous tycoon Vijay to protect Asha and find the truth as to how Anil got into trouble and to prove the world that Anil was innocent."] ["Rajesh  is orphaned at a very young age and comes from a very wealthy and noble family, but is very insecure. His childhood sweetheart Meena tragically dies and Rajesh substitutes her with a doll. When he finds that another young boy has touched the doll, he starts a fight with him, and ends up murdering him. Years later, Rajesh, now a grown man, still has the doll in his closet and he has now fallen in love with a woman named Meena . He becomes engaged to her after the approval of his best friend, Dr. Shekhar . However, Rajesh and Meena have an automobile accident, in which Rajesh becomes paralysed and uses a wheelchair. It is then that Rajesh finds out that Shekhar and Meena are having an affair. His old murderous and possessive hatred surfaces again and his best friend Shekhar's life is in danger.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062640/"] ["Devdhar  is a poor orphan who in his childhood had a magnetic friendship with Manorama who is the only daughter of the rich and powerful Thakur. The benevolent Thakur helped Devdhar go to the city for higher studies. After eight years, Devdhar comes back to his village and Manorama is no longer a young girl. After meeting her, Devdhar falls in love. Due to family status difference, he is unable to express his love for her. A chain of events leads to Manorama being married to a rich and handsome Thakur; unfortunately, her husband dies the next day of marriage and she becomes a widow. Her elder brother-in-law rapes her causing her to return to her parental home. When Devdhar learns of the situation, he takes it upon himself to rebuild Manorama's life and bring a smile back to her face. Devdhar is adamant to revive her faith in life and love. Little does he know, that in doing so, he would have to face the wrath of the powerful Thakurs, armed with age-old traditions and customs in their favor."] ["Music director Ajay  argues with his wife Sonia  over whether to give birth to their child in a foreign country or in India . Ajay soon learns that his mother  has been burned by a group of Muslim rioters while leaving a church and is in critical condition. In flashback, the struggles his mother had to undergo to raise her children are shown. She was in love with a Hindu film producer Raman Desai  but was not allowed to marry him on account of her Muslim faith. He marries her but does not document or acknowledge their marriage as it was done without any traditional upholdings. The fact that she had children with a Hindu man forces her to hide her faith and live her life as a Christian even in front of her son. After his father's death, Ajay realises his mother is a Muslim. She makes him promise to bury her according to her faith when she dies, for it is only through a proper burial that she will be able to find herself reunited with her lover in heaven. Ajay's mother succumbs to the burns. Sonia learns about her mother-in-law's past life and decides not to leave Ajay. She stands by him and supports his decision to bury his mother. However, Ajay's task is impeded by a fundamentalist leader Subodhbhai  who wanted to make political issue and encourage Hindu youth to kill Muslims. Anand  happens to be a youth leader and Ajay's brother. But when Anand comes to know about Subodhbhai's intentions he stands by his brother's side to bury his mom as per Muslim faith. Her body is buried as she wished, and she reunites with Raman in heaven."] ["Lalita  catches the eye of JB  and he immediately falls in love with her and decides that he must have her. Her uncle Madhi arranges for them to marry but he is only doing this because JB is paying him to. When she refuses, JB kidnaps her and keeps her in his home until the day of the wedding. She is literally watched over by JB every day in case she tries to escape. On the day of the wedding, Lalita faints and uses this to escape. She also moves her mother away and barely escapes JB who assumes that she has been killed after he saw her being hit by a car. In fact, Lalita swapped her wedding dress with someone else, so the person that JB saw being hit by the car was not Lalita. Lalita escapes the city and meets Raj  who at first she uses him as a cover, but they both fall in love with each other. She uses the name Shikha instead. Raj's grandfather Rai Saheb  is happy that his grandson wants to marry Shikha and he arranges for a wedding. Unfortunately, JB finds out that Lalita is still alive through her mother and quickly traces her. He sees her at a fairground with Raj and is filled with anger. JB tells the whole family who Lalita really is with the help of her devious uncle. Lalita is taken away and is forced to be a dutiful wife, which in JB's terms means that she has to stay with him forever. After hiding and frustration, Lalita decides to take matters into her own hands... Finally, Lalita decides she has had enough and tries to kill JB but fails. At the end, Raj comes and rescues her."] ["{{Plot|dateThe CampArrival Of More POWsHope Against HopeThe ReasonThe Repatriation And The RealizationThe First StepsInitial SuccessThe BreakoutThe AftermathThe NightThe Wild Chase At MuzaffarabadThe SacrificeThe InterventionSaluting Fallen ComradesThe Cold NightUnparalleled HeroismEpilogue It is now 2007. The place is Multan Jail in Pakistan. We see an old man walking in the prison compound. He has made five little mounds of earth and he is putting a few flowers on them. He sits on the ground next to them and leafs through what was once Major Suraj Singh's prison diary. This old man is Gurtu. He now has only two motives in his life: to hope to return home and to keep alive the memory of his five friends. The screen now blurs, and a Voice over informs us that there are still 83 Indian POW's of the 1971 and the 1965 Indo Pak wars who are languishing in Pakistani Jails. They were last seen alive in 1983"] ['Annamalai  and Ashok  have been best friends since childhood. Annamalai is a milkman while Ashok is the only son of a rich businessman . When Ashok falls in love with Geetha , a poor girl, his father is naturally against the wedding. Annamalai holds the wedding and earns his ire. Meanwhile, Annamalai falls for Subu , whom he subsequently marries. Ashok\'s father, plotting to drive a wedge between his son and Annamalai, hints that he would like to build a hotel on Annamalai\'s land. Annamalai gives the land to Ashok without even accepting money for it. When Ashok\'s father later talks about bringing down his house, he slaps Ashok\'s father in anger.{{??}} Ashok orders Annamalai\'s house to be bulldozed which drives Annamalai to challenge that he would become a bigger and more successful hotelier than his friend. Annamalai, with his hard work and honesty, becomes the biggest businessman in the city. Annamalai\'s daughter and Ashok\'s son study in the same college and they fall in love. Annamalai is against it because of the hatred that he has for Ashok. During an auction, Annamalai tricks Ashok to buy a plot for 12 crores which not worth more than 2. Ashok\'s house has to be sold for the debt of 12 crores and Annamalai buys it. With all goodness in heart and the old friendship in mind, Annamalai gives the house to Ashok. Annamalai\'s mother ([[Manorama  returns the house documents to Ashok and his father pleads for pardon. Meanwhile, Sargunam  plans to kill Ashok for money and hires an assassin . Annamalai saves him and they become friends again. They plan to get their children married to each other, and "They live happily ever after."'] ['Chak De! India opens in Delhi during the final minutes of a  Hockey World Cup match between Pakistan and India, with Pakistan leading, 1-0. When the Indian team captain, Kabir Khan  is fouled, he elects to take the penalty stroke himself. His strike, however, flies just above the goal and India suffers a crushing defeat. Soon after match ends, the media begins to circulate a photograph of Khan accepting a handshake from the captain of the Pakistan team. This action leads to a nation-wide smear campaign which alleged that Khan <ref namehttp://in.rediff.com/movies/2007/aug/13sai.htm |title2008-12-27 |lastSaisuresh |daterediff.com }} might have "thrown" the game in an act of sympathy towards Pakistan. The religious prejudice exhibited towards Khan by the entire society at large<ref namehttp://in.reuters.com/article/bollywoodNews/idINIndia-31155920071228?spFlashback 2007 - The religion factor in Chak De! India |accessdateGanguly |first2007-12-28 |publisher=Reuters }} forces him and his mother  out of their ancestral home and into exile. Seven years later, Mr. Tripathi , the head of India\'s Hockey association, meets with Khan\'s friend and hockey advocate Uttamaji ([[Mohit Chauhan , to discuss the Indian women\'s hockey team. Tripathi argues the team has no future since, the only long term role for women is to "cook and clean." Uttamaji, however, informs him that Kabir Khan  wants to coach the team. Though initially skeptical, Tripathi ultimately agrees to this arrangement. Khan thus finds himself in charge of a group of 16 young women from various sections of India, who are divided by their own competitive natures and individual prejudices. While Komal Chautala  from Haryana, conflicts with Preeti Sabarwal  from Chandigarh, Balbir Kaur  from Punjab has an extremely short temper and bullies Rani Dispotta  and Soimoi Kerketa , belonging to the remote villages in Jharkhand. Mary Ralte  from Mizoram and Molly Zimik  from Manipur  are both treated as "foreigners" by virtually everyone they meet and face repeated sexual harassment. The team\'s captain, Vidya Sharma , is forced to choose between hockey and the wishes of her husband Rakesh\'s  family, while Preeti\'s boyfriend, Abimanyu Singh , the  vice captain of the India national cricket team, is deeply threatened by her involvement with the team. Khan realizes that he can only unite the girls only if they develop the discipline to work as a team. This leads him to have his assistant Krishnaji  bench a number of players during the first few days, including the most experienced player, Bindia Naik . In response, Bindia engineers a revolt which leads Khan to resign. As a gesture of good will, Khan, however, invites Krishnaji, the team manager Sukhlal , and the girls to a farewell lunch. During the lunch, few boys start teasing Mary, leading to a large brawl between the girls and the boys. The quarrel, however, unites the girls and destroys their anger towards Khan. They request him to remain as their coach. Khan, impressed by the display of their team spirit, eventually agrees and further trains them on various aspects. Their newly found unity is, however, challenged by Tripathi who suddenly decides that the women\'s team will not go to Australia for "The World Championship." Khan, however, forces him to agree to a challenge match with the men\'s team on condition that if the girls win, they will be allowed to go to Australia. The girls eventually lose the match, but their courageous performance is well praised by the men\'s team and forces Tripathi to change his mind and send them to Australia. During "The World Cup", the girls compete against teams such as the Hockeyroos , the Black Sticks Women , the Las Leonas , and the South Korean team among others. While still working to overcome their differences, the girls eventually learn to act as a single unit, leading them to win the Championship. In doing so, they not only destroyed the prejudices which once separated them, but also proved to their families and country the merits of women\'s hockey. Khan, restoring his reputation and proving his mettle, returns his ancestral home with his mother, welcomed by the once angry neighbors.'] ["Roopa lives a wealthy lifestyle with her widowed dad, Captain Suresh, and brother, Shekhar. After she returns from abroad, she is told that she must now prepare to get married to her betrothed, Ratan, who is the son of a close friend of Suresh. Everything changes suddenly when Roopa meets a handsome young man, Raj, and they fall in love with each other. Raj then breaks her heart when he tells her that his mother, Malti, who works as a maidservant in Suresh's household, has always favored Ratan over him and has made him promise to step out of Ratan's way. Before she could find out why Malti prefers Ratan over Raj, a bandit, Kala Ghoda, who has been terrorizing the region asks Suresh to pay up Rs.50,000/-. The police lay a trap for this extortionist and capture him red-handed. He turns out to be none other than Suresh's Munim. Surprises are in store for everyone when they find out that Munim is Raj, who has been masquerading as the Munim for many years and may have embezzled another Rs.50,000/-."] ["Emperor Akbar  and his Rajput wife, Jodha Bai  pray for a son. Akbar offers rituals to initiate the birth of a successor. After a child is born, the news is brought to the emperor by a maid. Overjoyed at his prayers being answered, the Emperor gives the maid his ring and promises to grant her any one wish she asks. The son, Prince Salim, grows to be a weak and pleasure-loving boy. His father sends him off to war in order to teach him courage and discipline. After 14 years, Salim returns as a distinguished soldier . Salim falls in love with Anarkali , a court-dancer. Salim wants to marry Anarkali and arranges secret meetings between her and himself. However, the jealous Bahaar , a dancer of a higher rank, wants the crown of India and she attempts to make the prince love her so that she may ascend to queenship. Unsuccessful in winning Salim's heart, she exposes the love between him and Anarkali. Salim pleads for Anarkali's hand, but his father objects and throws Anarkali into prison. Despite imprisonment, Anarkali refuses to reject Salim. Salim rebels and amasses his own army to confront Akbar. Salim is defeated in battle and is sentenced to death by his own father, but is told that the sentence will be revoked if Anarkali, now in hiding, is handed over to face death in his place. Akbar's subjects plead for the Emperor to spare his son, and Anarkali comes out of hiding to save the prince's life. She is condemned to death by entombment alive. Before her sentence is carried out, she pleads to have a few hours with Salim as his make-believe wife. She is granted the wish, as she agrees to drug him afterwards so that he cannot interfere with her entombment. As she is being walled up, Akbar is reminded that he still owes a favour to Anarkali's mother, since she was the one to whom Akbar gave his ring after she informed him of the birth of his son. Anarkali's mother takes advantage of this, and begs for her daughter's life. The emperor relents, and arranges for Anarkali's secret escape with her mother into exile. He stipulates, though, that they are to live in total obscurity, and that Salim is never to know that Anarkali still lives."] ["Vicky Kapoor , the only son of multi-millionaire industrialist, Amarnath , grows up to be an alcoholic, a spolit brat albeit with a good heart. Amarnath has detached himself completely from Vicky's life, and provides him money in lieu of affection and care, leaving this to be taken care of by Munshi Phoolchand . Vicky is very resentful of being ignored by his dad in this manner, and leaves no stone unturned to mock and belittle him at every available opportunity. Amarnath hopes to get his son married, but Vicky loves Meena , the daughter of a poor blind man, which is not acceptable to Amarnath. One day, Amarnath decides he has had enough and decides to turn Vicky out of his house. He has him sign waivers, and asks him to get out, which Vicky happily does. While Vicky is relieved of being freed from his dad's control, the question remains that with no skills at making a living, how is Vicky to survive in a cold-hearted world?"] ["Karan comes to know that his father, Shankarlal is in jail. And that his mother has been pretending from his childhood that his father has died. On meeting his father, Karan comes to know that he has been jailed for a murder that he did not commit. Karan sets out to gather proof of his father's innocence so that he can reopen the case filed against him, and set him free. Karan comes to meet one of the witnesses who had spoken for his father in the court, who tells him about the investigating officer, Inspector Mehta. Karan stays as a Paying guest, of which Asha is the owner. Asha is herself a journalist. From Inspector Mehta, Karan comes to know about other witnesses - Kishori and Jumman. The Inspector confesses that although he smelt a rat, he was silenced by the defence lawyer, Diwan Sardarilal. Inspector Mehta also tells Karan, that he overheard Kishori and Jumman speaking of a letter, and that this might prove to be a mighty proof of Shankarlal's innocence. Karan goes about to woo Kishori, so that he can get the letters possessed by her. In the meantime, romantic feeling develop between Karan and Asha. Karan also approaches Diwan Sardarilal as to how he can reopen the case to prove his father's innocence. He also asks if it will be enough if he can get the letter from Kishori. The Diwan tells him to first get the letter, so that he can see what to make out of it. The Diwan turns out to be a villain. He warns Rai Bahadur Jaswant Rai, the person who actually committed the murder, that Karan is after the letter that Kishori possesses. Rai Bahadur Jaswant Rai in turn, asks Jumman to warn Kishori about this. Kishori confronts Karan saying he cheated her, that he was not fair to show false love to her. But Karan answers back, that one who is the case for jailing his innocent father cannot complain to him of lying to her. Kishori, upon knowing the truth, repents and gives the letter to Karan. An overjoyed Karan shows the letter to the Diwan, only to see the Diwan burn the letter. Karan realizes that the Diwan was also involved in the plot. He starts a protesting against the Diwan outside his own house, but gets arrested by the police. Asha tries to help him, by printing in the newspaper she works for, about the Diwan. but she is stopped by her editor, who says that she does not have proof against the Diwan to print anything against him. Kishori comes to know of this. She comes to Karan, now carrying the original letter. Karan submits this to reopen the case against his father. The Diwan admits his crime. And the story ends with Shankarlal coming out of the prison."] ["Roshni  is the only child of Sharda Chhadha . Her father, Prakash Chhadha , left before she was born and she has no knowledge of where he went. Roshni is introduced to Rahul Malhotra  and they share a mutual attraction. When he learns that she is an aspiring singer, he assists in her career so she becomes popular. She has a devoted fan named Jaggannath alias Jaggu , who is a petty thief. He is in love with her but she rejects him. During a trip she and Rahul had taken to Hong Kong, she is arrested for trafficking cocaine and Rahul disappears. Jaggu brings an attorney, but she is quickly found guilty and sentenced to death. Jaggu visits the prison and runs afoul of two guards, themselves lovers, who beat him in front of Roshni. The attorney works to help them escape. A fight ensues between Roshni and the female guard in which the latter is killed. The warden intervenes and is killed by Jaggu. They escape and return to India. At the airport Prakash is questioned by the police and Roshni learns that he is her father, and that he had fled the country years earlier when he has been wrongfully accused of treason. Later at Rahul's house, Rahul admits that he had been dealing with drugs that resulted in Roshni's arrest. She slaps him for deceiving her and ends their relationship. With Prakash's blessings, Roshni and Jaggu get married."] ['Jai and Meera are a modern-day couple living in England. They are happy with each other, but do not believe in tying each other down so, when career beckons, they have a mutual break-up, but decide to remain friends. Meera goes to India, while Jai stays in England, hoping to be called to San Francisco, where working at the Golden Gate is his dream job. Jai begins to date a blonde named Jo, while Meera returns the feeling of her boss, Vikram. The couple believe they have moved on. Running side-by-side, but in a different time, is the tale of Veer Singh. A great believer of love, the Sikh narrates his love story to Jai to try to convince him not to let Meera go to India. He tells how he fell for a girl called Harleen, who moved to Calcutta. He traveled a thousand miles, by train, only to see her face. He also explains how things were different, and the couples then had a lot more respect for each other. Jai ridicules Veer, who vowed to marry Harleen even before he had gotten to talk to her. But, on Veer\'s insistence, the young man concedes to pay Meera a surprise visit. Meera is stunned, and the two lie to both Jo and Vikram to have some fun together. They go out as friends, and realize how much they still like each other\'s company. On the day Jai is to leave, Vikram proposes to Meera. She meets Jai secretly, who tells her she should take a decision after thinking. Angry, Meera tells him to leave her, and also says that they can no longer have any contact or else she will never be able to really move on. Parallel to this, we find that Harleen has told Veer she was engaged without being told, and he must leave her. Jai is surprised on Meera\'s wedding, and tells her nothing can be done now. He goes back, and gets his dream job in San Francisco the same day Meera realizes her marriage is a mistake. She tells Vikram the truth and calls Jai, but he tells her about the Golden Gate before she can tell him what is on her mind. Realizing he is going to San Francisco, she tells him nothing but returns to Vikram\'s house, dejected. Parallel to this, Veer Singh declares his intentions of marrying Harleen but is badly beaten by her family. Jai slowly begins to lose interest in his "dream job" and is beaten badly by some thugs when, while being mugged, he refuses to give them a picture of Meera. He then realizes he still loves her, and goes back to India. He finds Vikram, who informs him that Meera left him the day that he, Jai, had told her about his job in San Francisco. In the past storyline, Veer Singh travels to Harleen\'s house on the day of her wedding, and convinces her mother that Harleen can only be happy with him. Harleen\'s mother lets Veer Singh secretly sneak out with her daughter, and the two marry to have a happily ever after. In the present, Jai goes to Meera\'s work, at the Old Fort, and they have a heart-touching reunion. In the end, the song Aahun Aahun is played in the theme of Aam Janta  and Pratigya, in which Veer Singh represents Pratigya, while Jai represents Aam Janta. Each shows his different way of love, but both conclude that love has never changed. It shows that, even though, people these days try to make themselves believe that love is just an infatuation that goes away with time and that there is no such thing as "true love" or "soulmate", in their hearts they still love each other with that passion.'] ["Young Arjun  is brought up by his Daddu  . His Daddu decides for him to go to the city in search of a new job and life. While in the city he meets up with Bhairon  who guides him into an interview in a 5-star hotel owned by Raja . While in the hotel, Arjun meets Poonam  and falls in love with her. During this time, many attempts are made to kill Raja by Girdar Singh  and his son Ranjeet. The blame for these murders goes to Raja's mother , who is actually Arjun's mother. Realising all this Arjun takes an oath no matter what happens he will not let any harm come to Raja. As these attempts are being made, can Arjun thwart them all?"] ['Vinay , is an ordinary young man who finds himself constantly mistaken for a look-alike jewel thief named Amar. Vinay works with the police to impersonate Amar and crack his crime ring, but it seems that Amar has decided to impersonate Vinay, as well, and soon their true identities are thoroughly muddled. Vinay lives with his father, a Police Commissioner, and his mother in Bombay. Vinay\'s dad is quite upset with him as he has not learnt any skills, and spends all his time examining stones and jewellery. The city is being held at ransom by a daring jewel thief, who continues to baffle them to no end. They do get a pleasant surprise when they find out that he has secured employment with a leading jeweler by the name of Vishamber Nath. Vinay also gets to meet Nath\'s attractive daughter, Anju, and there is romance budding in the air. This is short lived when several people greet Vinay as "Amar" or "Prince Amar". Things come to a boil when a young woman named Shalini comes forward and claims that Vinay is her fiancée. Vinay is able to prove to them that he is indeed Vinay, and co-operates with them to locate this elusive Amar - only to find himself embroiled in a devious scheme - that robs him of his sanity, makes him lose his memory, identity, and makes him a target of every policeman in India, particularly in the then-independent Kingdom of Sikkim.'] ['The film was known for its unusual story line set in a red light area, where a newly-wed couple Hamid  and Salma  unwittingly rent a flat, and thus begins their daily turmoil at the knocks  on their door, as the previous occupant of their home was Shamshad Begum , a famous mujrewali .'] ["Natwar is a young boy when his beloved older brother and caretaker, police officer Gridharilal , is framed for bribery by sinister criminal mastermind Vikram . When he grows up, Natwar  creates a secret identity for himself, posing as a powerful and mysterious underworld figure named Mr. Natwarlal, determined to slowly but surely exact vengeance on Vikram. This was another 'Hit' of Amitabh Bachchan."] ["The story starts off with Raghuvaran, a passport issuing officer and his wife Shanthi Krishna. Raghu tells Shanthi Krishna that he cheated on her with a co-worker when he was in Goa. She immediately leaves for her mother's house. Raghu tries to stop her by apologizing, but in vain. Raghu's brother Vijay and Shanthi's brother Surya meet in a cinema theatre. Vijay blames Shanthi to be the cause of the problem and Surya blames Raghu for the same. They keep on fighting throughout the movie. Meanwhile both the heroes Vijay and Surya find their own girlfriends and fall in love. Vijay is paired with Kausalya while Surya is paired with Simran. One day Raghu finds a bundle of cash on his table and meets the person  who kept the money there. Raghu finds out that Karan is an MLA, wanted by the police. Karan wants to leave the country to escape from the police and he needs a fake passport, since his passport is confiscated by the police; He tells Raghu to get one for him, but Raghu being a sincere officer disagrees and calls the police instead. The MLA gets angry and promises to avenge Raghu. Meanwhile, Raghu and Shanthi Krishna apply for a divorce. Child custody of their daughter Sona , who was in her periamma's  house when the breakup occurred, is given to the mother by the court. One day Surya takes Sona to a fair and somehow loses her. In the confusion that follows, Sona falls from a Ferris-wheel and is taken to the hospital by Vijay. She is brought to Raghu's house, once she recovers. Soon Vijay discovers that Sona has lost her hearing in the accident. Some days later Surya finds that Sona is missing. Raghu tells everyone that Sona is in his sister's house. Since Sona's custody is given to the mother, this action of Raghu's is wrong in the eyes of law. So Shanthi and Surya accompanied by a lawyer come to Raghu's house to get Sona back. At that time, Raghu suffers a serious asthma attack, while in the bathroom, and everyone saves him. After recovering Raghu tells that Sona is not in his sister's house, but has been kidnapped by Karan who is out on bail. In the turn of events, Raghu issues a fake passport to Karan. But he doesn't want Karan to escape from the police. And the two heroes who join hands for the first time in this movie, make sure that this doesn't happen. They save Sona who is with the MLA's wife and brother-in-law in a van, which is roaming around somewhere in the city; Finally the police arrest the MLA."] ["The story is about Jayakanthan  who comes to claim his father Narendran's property in their native village. There he meets Vinodini  who is the panchayat president and a strict follower of the rules. Swathi  is Jayakanthan's cousin and her father Balakrishnan Nambiar  is worried that Jayakanthan has come to marry her and inherit their property. Bhargavan  has usurped Narendran's land, but Jayakanthan is unaware of this and becomes his good friend. The remaining of the plot is about how things fall into place."] ['Karan  and Bhavesh  are close friends living in Cape Town, South Africa. Karan is in a comfortable relationship with his beautiful yet childish and pampered girlfriend Sanjana , who changes her profession every six months, e.g. singing to painting. Her dad  always tries to keep her happy and supports her in whatever she does. Bhavesh wishes for an arranged marriage and keeps a diary of all the beautiful things he will do to his wife after marriage. His father  is a strict autocrat, patriarch and a tough follower of the Hindustani, especially Gujarati, principles in a foreign land. Jeet ([[Govinda  does not believe in marriage or love. He flirts with every woman he meets and encourages married women into divorcing their spouses so that his living as a divorce lawyer is uncompromised. Bhavesh\'s father treats Bhavesh as young and incapable of marriage, but on his wife\'s  wish, he travels with family and Karan and Sanjana to Gujarat to find Bhavesh a bride. In Gujarat, they stay at the palatial home of a friend of Bhavesh\'s father . Bhavesh meets some girls, who are all unsuitable, and then falls for Prachi  when she comments Bhavesh\'s ideals - not drinking, virginity - as good. He confesses his love for her and they get married. During the wedding rituals, Sanjana says "Yes" to Karan\'s long-asked question  and they get married the same night. The movie then switches to present time, where both couples are at court. The judge declares the divorce between Karan and Sanjana and between Bhavesh and Prachi. Outside the court, where they wait for the final papers to arrive, the story again goes back 6 months earlier, showing what led to the divorces after the weddings, when they come back to Cape Town. After marriage, Karan and Sanjana\'s family life deteriorates badly, with Karan wanting domestic stability and Sanjana being a horrible home maker. Bhavesh is happy with Prachi but Prachi is stifled at the old fashioned ideals and many rules of Bhavesh\'s father. Sanjana, having no experience in housework, messes up while turning off a washing machine, which results in the house catching fire. Prachi, without her father-in-law\'s knowledge, applies for a job - the very idea of which angers him. Bhavesh, taking sides with his father, slaps her at the same time Prachi\'s father arrives. These situations conclude in divorce. Meanwhile, Jeet changes his lifestyle when he meets Anjali , who turns out to be different than all the other girls he had ever met. He decides to get married to her. At the wedding ceremony, Jeet and Sanjana plot a plan that reunites and reconciles everyone with each other, thus ending all the problems that were pulling them apart. Bhavesh\'s father changes parts of his strict ideals and Jeet changes from a divorce lawyer to a marriage counsellor, now reuniting his former clients, while Karan teaches Sanjana to cook.'] ['The film is set in 1942, when the British Raj. It was a time when Indians were either working for the British or rallying in underground meetings and protests against them. In this atmosphere, Naren Singh  falls in love with Rajeshwari "Rajjo" Pathak , and their romance is shown developing in spite of the political and social unrest at the time. Naren\'s father, Diwan Hari Singh , is a loyal British employee, while Rajjo\'s father Raghuvir Pathak  is a revolutionary fighting against British rule. When Naren asks Raghuvir for Rajjo\'s hand in marriage, Raghuvir gets expectedly livid, but Naren declares that he is willing to sacrifice everything for Rajjo and thus convinces Raghuvir of his love to her. Raghuvir relents and tells Naren to talk to his father. When Naren does so, Hari Singh is angry that his son has chosen Rajjo, the daughter of a revolutionary, but pretends that he will do anything for Naren\'s happiness. Hari Singh then tricks Naren into revealing Raghuvir\'s secret location, and leaks the information to the British authorities. Soon, some police barge into Raghuvir\'s location and try to kill him, only to find him waiting for him light a bomb, completely killing them all. Rajjo, who was out at that time, realizes what has happened and runs away. She is taken into refuge by Shubhankar , who was a compatriot of Raghuvir and had learned about his death. Under Shubhankar\'s tutelage, Rajjo too follows her father\'s path. Meanwhile, Naren is completely angry at Hari Singh for using him to kill Raghuvir and driving Raijo away from him. Promising to make up with Raijo and help her cause, he then pledges that he will even go on to become a protester or revolutionary, even if it means going against his father for it. With that, Naren breaks off his relationship from his father and proves his point by standing against British General Douglas in front of the city, leaving him to be sentenced to hang for attempted murder. Realizing what Naren was trying to do for her, Rajjo tells Shubhankar about him. In light of Naren\'s devotion to the nation and his cause for its independence, Shubhankar saves him from being hanged and the two manage to finish off Hari Singh and many of the British loyalists with the help of Major Bisht , who turns over a change of heart after tragically seeing his revolutionary daughter Chanda die by the British loyalists\' gunfire ordered by General Douglas. With the loyalists dead, Shubankar hangs General Douglas on the same noose that was intended for Naren. The trio, along with Major Bisht and the citizens, are shown at the end to salute the Indian flag, as it is hoisted by Shubhankar.'] ['Sameer Kapoor , a nurse, and Kunal Chopra , a photographer, bump into each other while looking for an apartment to rent. They fall in love with the same apartment; however, the owner refuses to sublet it to them as her niece, Neha Melwani , will stay in the apartment alone. When a U.S. soldier mentions how much Sameer and Kunal remind him of his own relationship with his life partner, Sameer tries to convince Kunal to pretend to be lovers so that they may live in the apartment. Kunal initially refuses but, desperate for the apartment, he decides to agree to it. Their plan works and they move in. Neha, Kunal, and Sameer spend time together and become good friends. One day, Neha\'s boss, Murli \'M\' , announces that he is resigning his job as the editor of Verve magazine and will decide who should take his position. To impress her editor and get the job, Neha invites M for dinner at her house, telling him that she will introduce him to her gay friends. The evening turns out to be comedic. However, Sameer\'s mother finds out that her son might be gay and is not pleased. The next day at Neha\'s office, M announces that Abhimanyu Singh  will be the new editor. Neha, heartbroken, returns home where she is consoled by Sameer\'s mother. Kunal and Sameer then help Neha with her on a redesign project, given to her by Abhimanyu. While Kunal is out for a few days, Sameer takes Neha on a romantic outing. Later, he tries to tell Neha about their scheme and admit that he loves her, but Kunal overhears and stops him. While they try to figure out what to do, Kunal suggests that Sameer meet him and Neha that night at a local dance bar. Instead, Kunal takes Neha to a romantic dinner and movie. The next morning, Sameer is furious with Kunal. Abhimanyu and Neha start dating, and Sameer and Kunal decide to team up to sabotage the relationship. Despite their efforts, Abhimanyu and Neha eventually fall in love. Sameer and Kunal redirect their efforts into frightening Abhi\'s son, Veer, about his future stepmother, Neha. Neha discovers that Abhi plans to propose to her during a basketball game. She leaves and asks Kunal and Sameer what she should do. Kunal and Sameer are shocked and reveal that they are not gay and are in love with her. Meanwhile, Veer tells Abhi of his fears and begins to cry, asking his father not to marry Neha. During the game, Abhi hugs Neha and ends the relationship, citing Veer\'s discomfort. Neha tearfully turns out Kunal and Sameer from the apartment and resigns from Verve. A few months later, Kunal and Sameer go to court to collect their resident permits and realize that they miss Neha. They find her at a fashion show and try to apologize, but she refuses to see them. Abhi shows up, and Kunal asks when their wedding is. Neha tells him that they broke up because Veer wasn\'t comfortable with her. Kunal and Sameer then admit the truth about their manipulations, infuriating Abhi and Neha. Kunal and Sameer get on the stage and beg for Neha\'s forgiveness, with the crowd egging them on and asking them to get on their knees and give flying kisses to Neha. Then they are asked to kiss each other, and the guys refuse to do so. Neha and Abhi begin to turn away. At the last moment, Kunal forcibly kisses Sameer. Abhi is amazed and tells Neha that the guys were really her best friends, as he wouldn\'t have done that for her. Neha goes to them and they make up. Kunal and Sameer propose to Abhi for Neha. He agrees, and Neha and Abhi get married. Two months later, Neha, Kunal, and Sameer are sitting on the apartment\'s balcony, enjoying themselves. Neha asks them if they felt anything during their charade of pretending to be gay. Kunal and Sameer get defensive and Neha leaves saying "Sorry, touchy topic." Sam and Kunal, now alone, remember the kiss.'] ["The Zamindar  has two sons - Raghu, by his first wife, and Vikram, by his second wife. Raghu  is a simple-minded and innocent young man. Vikram  is cruel, domineering, selfish and greedy, and he maltreats everyone, from servants to his own brother Raghu. Vikram's vicious mother  does the same. After Vikram has a feud with a tough and smart village girl named Padma , who is the first person to ever confront him, Zamindar gets an idea of marrying Vikram and Padma. Vikram refuses, and after a series of incidents, Padma ends up getting married to Raghu instead. When she understands how her husband has been treated over the years, she vows to set things right, and in the process falls in love with him. Inspired by her love, fearlessness and no-nonsense attitude, Raghu begins to find the courage to resist his oppressors."] ["Shankar  and his mother live a poor lifestyle. To earn money he sells. Being the lone bread winner of the family, he is unable to meet the needs. His debt starts rising higher and higher when he gets addicted to alcohol. He is attracted to Parvati , who also lives a poor lifestyle along with her step-brother, Jagat Narayan, his wife, and their daughter, Pushpa. After an argument with his mother, Shankar departs to the city, gives up drinking, earns a lot of money. He then returns back home and pays off his mortgage. With new confidence he proposes to marry Parvati. But he is then told that Parvati's marriage has been arranged elsewhere. Unable to live without Parvati, he takes up drinking again and heads on to a path of self-destruction."] ["Ravi  is sent to tutor Rai Saheb's five grandchildren, the eldest of whom is a young woman named Rama . Their father Nilesh ([[Sanjeev Kumar , a talented musician, died not long after his wife's death, so the children were sent to live with their paternal grandfather. The children have driven away their previous tutors and in turn, often get corporal punishment from their great-aunt. After Ravi comes, the children play tricks on him too, but his gentle manner and patient methods win them over. He and Rama fall in love, and the end credits indicate that there will be a wedding between them."] ['Nihal Singh  is a teen from Chandigarh who loves to build complicated gadgets to learn what it is behind science. He has a brilliant mind and dreams of studying at an elite science institute. When he is accepted into his dream college in Mumbai, he discovers college is a whole new world, new people and new challenges. At school Nihal is attracted to Nisha , a proud, rude, college brat. She cannot accept that Nihal is managing to charm everyone his way in college including Professor Siddarth Verma , the professor of the college. Nihal starts to get visions of Nisha being in danger. He saves her life and his secret is revealed that he can foresee the future. After this incident, love blossoms between Nihal and Nisha. Meanwhile, media exposure results in attention from anti-social elements. the professor will trick Nihal...without his awareness he is working for the bad and soon will realize that his professor was using him. He is stopped, attacked, and even rescued by a Don  several times, and also finds a helpful DJ  who makes him realize that the professor was using him.'] ["The film starts with ready-witted Prem  helping his childhood friend Khushi  to elope with Raju . Khushi's intended bridegroom Gaurav ([[Arbaaz Khan  reveals that he also has a girlfriend, Kiran , whom he wants to marry. The elopement angers Khushi's father, Mr. Pathak  and Prem's family, the Kapoors. Prem manages to pacify his family members. The Kapoors decide to get Prem engaged to Pooja. Prem is sent to receive Pooja at the airport; however, he deliberately goes to he wrong terminal to avoid meeting her. A girl named Sanjana , who has just run away from her own wedding, overhears Prem telling his uncle about ditching Pooja. Since nobody from Prem's family has ever seen Pooja, Sanjana herself pretends to be Prem's intended fiancee. Sanjana, posing as Pooja, goes to stay with the Kapoors and wins the hearts of the entire family, except Prem, who gets irritated with her. Meanwhile, Sanjana's maternal uncles, Amar Choudhary , and Suraj Choudhary , who are rivals, try to search for her. Each uncle wants Sanjana to marry his respective brother-in-law in order to inherit her wealth. Sanjana and Prem escape from Suraj Chaudhary's goons by taking a lift in the car of Mr. Lehri . Prem outwits the goons and sends Suraj's son Aryan into a coma while escaping. Suraj Choudhary takes the help of Mr. Lehri to get to know who ran away with Sanjana. But by then, Prem finds out Sanjana's true identity, and she tells him about her uncles trying to get her married. Prem and Sanjana fall in love and decide to get married. However, her uncle Suraj Chaudhary takes her away. Then the Kapoors come to know about her true identity; however, they still want her as Prem's wife. Prem assures Sanjana that she should stay with her uncle, and he will find a way to marry her as well as reunite her whole family. Prem pretends to be the nephew of Balidaan Bhardwaaj a.k.a. Bali , a Chartered Accountant who serves both of Sanjana's uncles. Prem convinces Suraj and Amar Chaudhary not to get either of their brothers-in-law married to Sanjana. Instead, he suggests the daughters of America's billionaires K.K Modi and B.K Modi as suitable brides for the two brothers-in-law. What the Choudharies do not know is that K.K and B.K Modi are actually Prem's dad and uncle in disguise. Prem also gets the rest of his family to play various characters, in order to trick Sanjana's family into letting her marry him. He also manages to change the Chaudhary family's negative attitudes. But on the wedding day, Aryan recovers from his coma, and reveals the truth about Prem. A physical fight follows, in which Prem gets the upper hand of Sanjana's uncles and their men. He then explains to Amar and Suraj Chaudhary how Sanjana's late mother wanted them to unite and get their niece married. The Chaudharies then realize their mistake and are deeply apologetic for their behaviour. In the end, Prem and Sanjana get married and their wedding picture is taken with the Kapoors and Chaudharies, a.k.a. the 'Chapoors'."] ["Sultan  is the only son of Razoulli Al-Jabber Al-Nasser  and lives a comfortable life. Sultan has been taught all the skills needed for a warrior to defend himself and his tribe circa the Mughal rule in Asia. Sultan falls for Shehzadi Yasmeen , is captured by her troops, tortured, made to enter a death race which he not only escapes from but also abducts Yasmeen. Eventually Yasmeen and Sultan do fall in love with each other. Then Razoulli is killed by General Khalid and his wife loses her senses, Sultan swears to avenge his father's death, and finds out that the person responsible is General Khalid . Sultan learns that Khalid's son, Samir , and his fiancée, Zarina , are to arrive, and he decides to abduct them, though in vain. Khalid comes to know about this and decides to kill Sultan. What Khalid does not know is Sultan is none other than his son, who was abducted at a young age and left with Razoulli. But now it seems that the duel between father and son will only end when one is killed by the other."] ['Shyamsunder  is a naive villager who has a great interest in music. He travels to the city, making friends with Muthuswami , a South Indian tabla player. The president of the TIPS cassette company, Khurana , is impressed with his musical abilities and promotes him to a high position. As he goes back to repay his debts in the village he receives tragic news of the death of his wife Pooja  has died in a flood. He then marries Khurana\'s daughter Divya ([[Tabu . When Khurana has a heart attack, he finds his "presumed dead" wife Pooja in the hospital. He then has to fool his two wives, even if it includes leading a double life to make sure Pooja and Divya don\'t discover he has married both of them.'] ["The film had Kamal Haasan playing dual roles; An unemployed guy from a middle class society and a guy from a rich society returning from abroad after his father's death. In order to claim the property of the Kamal Haasan, Vinuchakravarthy with his mob guys assaults him and make him a drug addict by repeated injections of some harmful sedatives. Radha's father  who is a family friend of the rich-one's father with Radha who is also a lover of the another Kamal comes as an excursion. Due to her curiousness she sees the rich-one and finds out that he is in a dangerous state of his health due to the drug addiction. With the help of the house's servant Radha replaces the other Kamal to this house and saves him and his properties from the hands of Vinuchakravarthy and Senthamarai."] ['When stuntman Sambandham  and Dr. Janaki  come across each other at his brother Anand\'s ([[Abbas  and her best friend Malathi\'s ([[Sneha  hastily planned wedding ceremony, they instantly develop a dislike for each other. They both have a very low opinion of the opposite sex, and staunchly believe marriage is not the way to go for the two newlyweds, whom they try to discourage from proceeding further. Janaki convinces Malathi to test out her theory that men are after only one thing, by forcing Anand to delay their marriage vows for three months. She is sure, Anand will not be able to do so and this will prove to Malathi that Anand is just another low-class male, like all others, and her claims of him being different than most men are unfounded. Sambandham, upon hearing about this new development, tries to do the exact opposite. This results in a hilarious scene at a local disco bar, where Sambandham lures Malathi with the hope of her finding Anand with a "girlfriend" that he has planted in the lap of Anand in order to make Malathi jealous. The plan backfires and Malathi and Anand end up in divorce court where the judge puts them on a three month probation and marriage counselling. Later, Janaki is given a watch pendant by her aunt to wear as a good luck charm. The pendant hangs from a bracelet on her wrist. Sambandham gets seriously hurt in an accident at work and is brought for emergency surgery to the hospital where Janaki works. Much to each other\'s irritation, Janaki is given the charge to perform surgery on Sambandham. After the surgery, while looking at the X-rays, she is horrified to discover that the watch on her wrist has accidentally ended up in Sambandham\'s stomach. Janaki tries various ways of getting the watch out. During one such process, which fails, it becomes clear that Janaki is bitter about her perceived unfaithfulness of the two most prominent men from her childhood: her divorced father and her elder sister\'s ex-husband. By this time, Sambandham begins to fall in love with Janaki and gets engaged to her. After the engagement, Janaki is successful in removing the watch from Sambandham\'s stomach. Following the surgery, Janaki calls off the engagement and Sambandham leaves with a heavy heart. Several days later, he accepts an arranged marriage proposal from a female weightlifter in an attempt to forget about Janaki. Upon realizing her mistake, Janaki helps Anand and Malathi reconcile and decides to confess her love for Sambandham at the wedding ceremony. However, the weightlifter is not interested to marry Sambandham and wants to elope with her boyfriend. Sambandham helps them elope in a hilarious chase where the weightlifter\'s father  and Sambandham\'s uncle  chase the trio to a police station where the weightlifter and her boyfriend marry. Janaki too arrives at the police station and finally confesses her love for Sambandham.'] ["Prakashraj and Seetha have son named Surendhar . Sumathi  is the daughter of Sarath Babu. Sumathi lived in a palatial house and enjoyed luxurious life in her childhood. However, her father Sarathbabu lost his wealth and his family is pushed to poverty. Seetha's family shifts their base to the house opposite to Sumathi's house. Sumathi approaches her for working as a maid. Seetha is impressed by Sumathi's wise and sensible character at first sight and takes her as her maid. After few days, Seetha comes to know that house being occupied by her was owned by her maid's family. Seetha is influenced by Sumathi’s modesty, kindness and good nature. She expresses her desire to make Sumathi as her daughter-in-law. Sumathi accepts her request. Seetha communicates over phone to her husband (Prakashraj and son  that she has chosen who her daughter in law and that she would let her identity be known when she meets them in person in their new home. But unfortunately she dies in an accident before communicating the identity of her daughter in law. After his mother's death, Prithiviraj vows to locate and marry a girl identified by her mother. Bhagyaraj who moves to Prakashraj and Prithiviraj house snoops around to find out the girl identified by Seetha."] ["The story revolves around the lives of Gopal, Lucky, Madhav, and Laxman. Laxman is an intelligent student who is prevented from doing well in school by his mischievous band of friends Gopal, Madhav, and mute Lucky. The three friends use Laxman's hostel room to conduct their mischievous activities. Laxman is peer-pressured into running a series of scams to earn himself and his friends some money and is punished by being thrown out of college. The naughty foursome then finds refuge in the bungalow of a blind couple by pretending to be their grandson. A cat-and-mouse game unfolds as Laxman’s body and Gopal’s voice makes for Sameer &mdash; the grandson from the U.S. Each time the blind Dadaji comes amidst them, hilarious situations arise. Enter Nirali, as the saucy girl-next-door, with a bath towel and the group now have time, place and ‘resources’ to fall in love. Their individual efforts at winning the lady’s heart fail. Apart from their amorous interests, there is a quest for hidden treasure in the old couple’s house. There is also a gangster named Babli who wants to steal from the old couple's bungalow. All his attempts are unintentionally and unknowingly thwarted by the foursome. At last it is revealed that Sameer and his parents were killed in a car accident in the U.S. a long time ago. The grandfather performed their final rites but didn't tell the grandmother. He has no objection to the four boys staying with them, but the grandmother secretly hears all this. At the same time, Babli arrives at the scene with his gang and it is revealed that he had sneaked some diamonds into the urn containing the last rites of the dead people some years ago. This urn was at the present in the treasure chest. A comical fight ensues between the foursome and Babli's gang. After everything is over, Lucky wins Nirali's heart."] ['Dalaal is the story of illiterate Bhola Nath who escorts young women to meet with their brothers. Bhola is enthusiastic as he works diligently to earn the respect of everyone around him. But one day during the course of his duties, he meets a beautiful woman named Roopali, which made him understand the true nature of his duties - that a pimp. Will Bhola realize his mistake to redeem himself forms the climax.'] ["The film revolves around three bachelors, Meet , Prem  and Amar . Their lives are almost as good as normal, until they get married and their lives turn to hell. Meet marries Anchal  who is obsessively possessive about her husband, Prem marries Geeta  who is overly religious and thus their life suffers, and Amar marries Bindiya  who is dominating and has an equally horrendous mother. They get together one last night and try to think of a way to get away from their wives for some time, reliving their fun bachelor days. The men set their sights on other women but eventually realize they have all been seeing the same girl, Monica . She blackmails them that if they do not give her all their money, she will tell their wives all about their affairs. When they bring the money to Monica, she is found dead in a car the next day. There, the trio meet police officer Sikander  who starts following them. Eventually, when Monica's killer finds the three man, he asks for the money or they will die just like Monica; when they bring the money, Sikander is already there. They have been caught, but it is revealed that Sikander is Bindiya's cousin and Monica, who is alive, is Anchal's best friend. They built the scheme with the wives to teach their hubbies a lesson. The film ends with the men learning a lesson and living happily ever after with their wives."] ["The movie starts off when two photographers Makrand, aka Mac  and Shyam, aka Sam ([[John Abraham  are doing a photo shoot.. While Mac is shooting the models in exposing poses, his fiancée leaves in disgust due to Mac's closeness to the models. Their boss calls them into his office and tells them that they are good-for-nothing photographers. He threatens to reduce their pay if they don't get some good pictures for the world photography competition to make his magazine Garam Masala famous. Both Mac and Sam ask Maggie , the boss's secretary, on a date on the same day, at the same restaurant at the same time. As all three meet up at the restaurant a pickpocket takes Mac's and Sam's wallets. After the meal, the competition to impress Maggie heightens thus evoking humorous events after which Sam and Mac leave Maggie to pay the bill. Sam visits a famous photographer, praising him and asking for a few outstanding shots. These stolen shots help Sam to win the world photography competition. He gets promoted, is given ten percent of the prize money and has his pay doubled, whilst Mac receives a demotion to assistant. Sam flies off to the USA to enjoy his holiday, leaving Mac fuming in Mauritius. The chief editor persuades Mac to show up Sam by getting three women to be his fiancées, getting a very expensive flat and driving very expensive, imported cars. Following his promise, Mac gets a high-quality flat and gets access to three beautiful air hostesses. His driver, Babban , is his key to the high life. Not only does Babban get Mac access to the flat, he delivers very high-end cars to impress his fiancées. He drives Mac's cars and does all his services for a small amount of liquor every day. Lastly, Babban gets Mac a housekeeper, Mambo , who has an attitude problem and doesn't care what goes on in his flat so long as his demands are met. He has affairs with each of the three women&mdash;Deepti , Puja  and Sweety &mdash;and creates chaos. Sam returns from America, only to find his friend turned rival, playing around with three women at once. He tries to help his friend and tries out his own luck with the girls. The story turns into mayhem when it's hard for the two boys to maintain the three girls simultaneously. Mac's original fiancée  learns about Mac's acts, and it creates a bigger mess. When their cook Mambo  leaves, they begin to realise their mistakes and Mac tries to get back together with Anjali."] ["Arvind Kumar Choudhary is widowed, respectable and wealthy businessman, who lives with his only son, Arun , in a palatial house. He re-marries another woman, Sujata, a widow with two daughters, Veena and Seema. Arun does not respect her and refuses to even speak with her. Arun meets Neema Deshmukh  and both of fall in love. With approval of their respective families, they get married. Then things start to slide financially for the Choudharys when Arun accidentally breaks a valuable diamond while daydreaming about Neema; the Choudharys lose all their savings, building, vehicles and property, move to a shanty apartment, and Arvind passes away. Arun takes over the reins of this family, and starts talking to his stepmother. Neema gives birth to a baby boy and they name him Abhinandan. Misunderstandings occur between Sujata and Neema, they escalate, fueled by some gossip from neighboring women, leading to arguments between Arun and her. Then one day, Mahendra, Neema's brother sees Arun with another woman, informs Neema, who quickly packs her things and leaves Arun. She goes to the courts, gets the custody of Abhinandan, and Arun is only allowed a weekly 4 - PM visit, which he is unhappy with, and decides to wait until his son is 14 and will then take him home. Then Neema's father is arrested by the Anti-Corruption Bureau accepting a huge bribe from Mr. Lalwani; Mahendra asks Neema to sell her jewelery so that he can immigrate to Germany, she does so, he leaves, never to be heard from again. Neema's dad, Abhinandan and she re-locate to Nasik to live with Narendra, Neema's second brother and his wife. This is where her son grows up, curious to know about his dad. Years later when he turns 14, Arun shows up on her doorstep - only to be told that their son has run away from home. An enraged Arun must now find if Neema is telling the truth or hiding their son someplace else,"] ["Ayyadurai  has been the local MLA ever since he killed the sitting MLA, who was robbing his constituents off their food. Maadasamy ([[Napoleon , who belongs to a different caste, has been his right-hand man since those times. Maadasamy's daughter Selvi  loves Ayyadurai's son Chelladurai , but he does not reciprocate her feelings. Karuppusamy , son of the MLA who was killed, holds hatred for Ayyadurai. He plans to become the MLA by either killing Ayya or driving a wedge into his friendship with Maadasamy, thereby getting the votes of everyone belonging to their caste. Selvi finally succeeds in convincing maadaswami&ayyadhurai about their marriage.But Karuppaswamy manages to find out in secrecy of Selvi's birth date and with the help of the inspector who is about to be transferred to successfully stop the marriage of Selvi and Chelladurai on basi of minor marriage.The inspector lies to all that ayyadurai secretly told to stop this marriage due to cast difference and maadaswamy immedeatly breaks the friendship. Maadaswami joins with karuppaswamy.He instigates Maadasamy into lodging a complaint against Ayyadurai for the murder of Karuppusamy's father 35 years ago. Chelladurai and Karuppusamy fight out in the next election. Karuppusamy tries to get Maadasamy killed in a political plot, Chelladurai saves Maadasamy and withdraws from election challenging Karuppusamy.Karuppusamy and Maadasamy fall at Ayyadurai's feet in remorse. Ayya forgives them, but has already called the police to get arrested for the murder of Karuppusamy's father ending the hatred against him if any in Karuppusamy's family."] ['The film focuses on Donsai , the heir to Dhanraj Empire. Donsai is extremely against marriage; and believes one should never ruin his life by getting married. After the passing of his father, Suraj Rattan Dhanraj, the only way to inherit his father\'s five billion empire company, is to get married to his friend\'s Punjabi daughter, Samarpreet . Donsai gets married in Punjab, and tells Samarpreet that he will return to Punjab after three months of business, though Donsai plans not to come back. After three months, Samarpreet comes to Donsai\'s home to look for him, where she finds him with another woman. She runs out crying, until she is hit by a car. The car owner, Shimmer  picks her up, and takes Samarpreet to her home. When they get to Shimmer\'s home, it turns out Shimmer is one of Donsai\'s best friends. After Samarpreet gains consciousness, she tells Shimmer everything Donsai did to her. Shimmer decides to help Samarpreet because when she became a model at 18 years of age everybody knew everybody wanted to know her, but when she was a 14-year-old girl and strived to be popular nobody knew her. Shimmer gives Samarpreet a complete makeover . She even changes her name to "Samara". After Donsai sees Samara , he starts to love her. He invites her to his yacht, and decides to propose to her there. At the same time, Shimmer\'s plan is ruined, where her boyfriend Pawan Raj Gandhi  turns up unexpectidly for Karwa Chauth. P.R.G offers to help out in the plan as well.'] ["Major Ranjeet Khanna  is in love with his wife Pushpa, who seems to love him as well. His commanding officer, also his father-in-law, is played by Iftekar. Ranjeet is happy with his marriage, until he finds out about his wife's affair with his best friend. He kills them both and turns himself in to the police. Then, he escapes from the police to find the Ganges River, because he wanted to fulfill his wife's wish of dropping her wedding necklace into the river. However, the police shoot him first and he is hospitalized, where he becomes emotionally attached to the doctors  and the nurse , who are also devastated when he is sentenced to hang."] ["Kishanlal , a chauffeur, takes the blame for a fatal hit-and-run accident committed by his mob boss employer, Robert , on the assurance that his family's income will be tripled and their welfare looked after. He returns from prison to find his wife Bharati  suffering from tuberculosis and his three sons starving. Seeking help from Robert for the sake of his family, he is ridiculed, humiliated and repudiated, until he turns on Robert and tries to kill him. Making his escape, Kishanlal inadvertently takes a car containing a shipment of gold bullion. Robert's goons give chase. Kishanlal goes home to rescue his family &mdash; only to find his wife's suicide note. Unknown to him, she fails and is struck blind. He leaves his sons in a public park  while he draws off the pursuing goons. In the car chase that follows he crashes, is thrown clear of the wreck, and discovers the gold. But by the time he returns to the park with his riches, his three children have vanished. Amar, the oldest, has been adopted by a Hindu policeman; a Muslim tailor adopts the youngest and names him Akbar; and a Catholic priest, finding the middle son asleep on the steps of his church, fosters him and names him Anthony. In revenge, Kishanlal kidnaps Robert's daughter Jenny and raises her as his niece, using the gold to destroy Robert's business and set himself up as mob boss instead. Amar  becomes a policeman; Akbar  becomes a singer; the middle brother, Anthony , becomes a likable, socially conscious scamp who runs quasi-legal operations and makes God his 'partner' by donating half his income to charity. The three meet when they donate blood for an accident victim, unaware that they are related &mdash; or that the recipient is their biological mother Bharati. Their lives become entangled in an incredible web of coincidences and furious action sequences &mdash; interspersed with songs &mdash; when Amar's adopted father is seriously wounded and Anthony falls in love with Jenny, Robert's long-lost daughter. Because of it his adoptive father, the priest, is murdered. In their pursuit of justice their paths cross again until, combining efforts, the brothers discover both the culprit and their mutual heritage. In addition to the ongoing feud between Robert and Kishanlal, each son meets and courts &mdash; with greater or lesser difficulty &mdash; their love interests. When the grieving mother regains her sight at a Diwali festival in honor of Sai Baba, one by one the family is re-united and Robert, who caused their suffering, is finally imprisoned."] ["Virendra is a business tycoon in Cape Town, South Africa. His sister Rajeshwari, his wife Suman & his mother are his only relatives. Virendra's marital life is in apparent discord, since he has never had any relations with Suman. One day, Virendra gets a rival in business world in form of Mahendra Pratap Singh. Mahendra is an Indian spice tycoon wanting to expand his business in South Africa. Virendra is initially wary of Mahendra's expansion plans, but sees the latter's entry as a tool to expand his own business. Unknown to Virendra, Mahendra is actually a well disguised man named Om Srivastav. Om has a bigger agenda than becoming a tycoon. Mahendra & Virendra strike a deal, upon which Virendra is invited to a house in forest for celebration. Once there, Mahendra reveals his true face to Virendra, who is revealed to know Om. Om kills Virendra and covers up his death. Later, he shows up at Virendra's funeral, claiming that he and Virendra met in India, where they became friends. Rajeshwari starts suspecting him from day one and finds his timing suspicious. Suman too is particularly unhappy on seeing Om. Suman reveals to her mother-in-law that she knows Om. She confesses that she & Om were in love with each other, but her father got her married to Virendra, the son of her father's old friend. Suman tells that she had told Virendra about the relationship, on which he told her to go with Om. Instead, she stayed with Virendra, being overwhelmed by his compassion. However, Virendra now thought that Suman is a gold-digger, which explains his attitude towards her. Meanwhile, a cat and mouse game starts between Om and Rajeshwari, in which she nearly exposes him. Om is able to save his skin once again, but Rajeshwari gets a feeling that Om is hurt by something. Rajeshwari thinks that Om may not be a killer & she has inadvertently hurt the wrong man. She goes to apologize, but finds many pictures of her at his apartment. Rajeshwari thinks that Om was hurt because he was secretly in love with her. Rajeshwari asks for apology & Om plays along. Suman becomes both jealous & uneasy of this new relationship. She and Rajeshwari finally get into a fight, where she almost slaps Rajeshwari. Rajeshwari leaves her home in a huff and tells everything to Om, who shocks her by slapping her. An angered Om goes on to tell her everything, finally confessing his sin. Before Rajeshwari can do anything, he throws her in a dry well & escapes in his car. Here, Suman tries to find Rajeshwari at Om's place. Om feigns ignorance and the duo start to search for her, with Om deliberately misleading Suman. Here, Rajeshwari is in the bottom of the well, but not dead. She screams for help, until Zafrani comes to that place. He rescues her and she darts back to locate Om. When she finally fins Om with Suman, she is fully convinced that her brother's murder was a murder pre-meditated by Om & Suman. Seeing his plans failing, Om overpowers the duo & ties them by ropes. He confesses the crime before Suman, making Rajeshwari realize that Suman is in fact innocent. Then Om reveals his motive. It is revealed that after learning about Om from Suman, Virendra had secretly came with his goons, assaulted Om, killed his father & raped his sisters, forcing tham to commit suicide. Om readies himself to mow Rajeshwari and Suman down, but Zafrani arrives there with a police team. The women are rescued, but Om drives his car into the valley making them realize that Om was going to commit suicide to avoid police, now that his work was done. The women return home distraught."] ["Vijay ([[Vijay  is a rich young business man, whose only one aim in life is to have fun, is the managing director of a big tea estate in Ooty and his company goes on a big loss because of his mismanagement. Vijay spends most of his time in partying and flirting with girls whenever he feels like. To manage the loss to his company, Vijay invites his father Rajasekar  to come to India to sign some documents. As fate would have it, Vijay's father dies in a plane crash on his way to India. His maternal uncle  comes up with the idea of having another elderly person to act as Vijay's father for a while until the documents are signed. So they visit a senior home, where they meet Selvam  and they request him to act as Vijay's father. He agrees to it and starts to act as Vijay's father. Selvam observes the careless, take-it-easy life style of Vijay and is reminded of his old days when he used to be like Vijay . Selvam is very affectionate towards Vijay and he considers him as his son. Vijay finds out about Selvam's past life, that Selvam was married to Shantha  and they have been living separated for the past 30 years. He wants them to get united and he searches and finds the whereabouts of Shantha. Meanwhile, Kavitha ([[Simran  joins Vijay's company and she talks to Vijay in his own style. Vijay is knocked out by Kavitha's beauty and he falls in love with her. Then, their love gets into trouble because of Kavitha's mother. Now, Vijay tries to unite Selvam and Santha. In return Selvam tries to unite Vijay and Kavitha. Will Selvam and Shantha meet and get married 'Once More'. Will Vijay and Kavitha get married 'At least Once' forms the rest of the story."] ["{{cleanup-rewrite}} G. Krishnamoorthy , hailing from an orthodox Tamil Brahmin community, gets a job with Calcutta Constructions as a supervisor. Calcutta Company has been working to restructure their land by vacating an illegal colony lying adjacent to its premise. Popularly known as Vietnam Colony, it is inhabited mainly by day laborers. The company has been in efforts to demolish the colony for long time, but failed to do so. The colony is now under the rule a few hardcore criminals to whom the residents have to pay specific amount every week. Now, Krishnamoorthy is appointed by company to evacuate the colony, by dealing with these criminals. He is assisted by K.K Joseph ([[Innocent . Both arrives in the colony under the disguise of professional writers who are in plan to write a story on the life of the colony residents. Upon arrival, both enter the house of Pattalam Madhavi Amma  in search of a house, but she mistakes them to have come to see her daughter Unnimol([[Kanaka  and calls Unni to bring tea and snacks. But after knowing about the goof happened, she lets them stay on the top floor of her house. Upon the advise of Erumely , the broker, Madhavi Amma believes that with time, her daughter might fall in love with Krishnamoorthy and might get married to this educated Brahmin man. In the coming days, Krishnamoorthy befriends various members of the colony and tries to read out their idea about vacating the colony. But he realizes that it is not an easy task to evacuate the people and thinks about different plans to be operated. From Madhavi Amma, Krishnamoorthy comes to know that the entire colony was owned by Moosa Sait , a millionaire, who even gave up his mom for money. Suhra Bai , his mother is now living a pathetic life inside the colony. Krishnamoorthy meets up with Paravoor Rauthar , Irumbu John  and Kannappa Srank, the criminal leaders who are now controlling the colony. On night, Rauthar kicks Surabai in a fit of rage and she gets killed. To get her final rituals done, Krishnamoorthy sets out in search of Moosa Sait, but is shocked to find Advocate Thomas ([[Devan , the legal adviser of his company in Sait's Bungalow. More shocked he was, when saw Moosa Sait, now living on streets like a beggar. Moosa Sait tells Krishnamoorthy that he was duped by Thomas, who by crook owned up his whole property including his house. Krishnamoorthy brings in Sait to the colony and make him do the last rites of his mother. In the meantime Unni, falls in lov with Krishnamoorthy. He slowly realizes the fact that the company is illegally trying to own up the land, while the justice is on the side of colony residents. He decides to support the people in their fight for justice. But Company join hands with the criminal leaders to finish off Krishnamoorthy. He is attacked by the criminal gang, but Krishnamoorthy succeeds in finishing them off and bringing justice to the people."] ['Maa Kasam is an action family drama, featuring Mithun Chakraborty, Amjad Khan, Divya Rana, Kalpana Iyer, Ranjeet, Sharat Saxena and Pran.'] ['Ravi Khanna  lives happily with his widowed mother, wheelchair-using sister  and younger brother. He suffers from a terminal brain tumor, and has only 6 months to live. In an effort to provide for his family, he takes the responsibility of a murder that he has not committed to collect the ransom money of Rs. 500,000. He leaves a trail for the police to follow and he is convicted. While in prison he gets an attack and the jail authorities take him to the hospital where he undergoes a successful operation. Now, he is a confessed criminal for abduction, ransom and murder, which he himself planted himself. In order to save himself from the death penalty, he runs away from the hospital in search of the real murderer. He gets help from a thief named Michael . After many twists and turns, the plot unfolds, where the true identity of the criminal is revealed and Ravi Khanna is a free man.'] ["Mahadev  is an unemployed graduate with a Bachelor of Arts from Satna college, who is forced to make a living writing letters for the uneducated people of his village. His real ambition is to become a novel writer. Through his humble occupation, Mahadev has the potential to impact numerous lives. The movie is a satirical, but warm-hearted portrait of life in rural India. Among Mahadev's customers are: * Mahadev's childhood crush Kamla  is desperate for communication from her husband Bansi Ram , who works as a laborer at a dockyard in Mumbai. In the letters to her husband, a jealous Mahadev writes the opposite of the loving messages Kamla wants to convey, while faking what her husband has written to her. * A hurried mother  who wants to get her manglik daughter, Vindhya  married. * A landlord whose wife is a candidate for the village Sarpanch, and who wants all her political rivals eliminated from the race. * A eunuch Munni who is contesting the elections for the village Sarpanch but fears the threats from the landlord. * A love-lorn compounder, Ram Kumar , who is crazy about the widowed daughter-in-law Shobha Rani  of a retired army soldier. Mahadev manages to get his friend engaged, police protection for Munni, and almost kisses Kamla before they are interrupted. However Munni is seriously injured in the head, and he learns a shocking truth about Kamla's husband.It soon turns out that the story was a fictional novel written by the real Mahadev, but it is mostly based on his own experiences. Though it turns out that some of the villagers didn't exactly have happy endings, Mahadev sorts out his mistakes and accomplishes his long-held dream of writing a novel. As Mahadev, under pseudo name Sukhdev, reveals that Munnibai became a successful politician, becoming an MLA, or a Member of the State Legislature, with high connections and powerful people surrounding her. It is also revealed that Kamla and Bansi are happy in small house in Mumbai, who come to visit Sajjanpur every Diwali. In midst of all these good news, Mahadev notes that Ram Kumar and Shobha Rani were lynched because members of their community opposed a widow getting re-married. Mahadev also notes that he got married to Vindhya, the manglik, after wooing her by writing 40 letters. While most people consider a manglik to be a great misfortune, Mahadev notes that he became successful due to his marriage, as he paid down his farm land mortgage, built a wonderful house and realized his dream of writing a novel."] ["Kali  is a local ruffian who harasses students in his college. The principal Satyaprakash  is helpless to stop him because Kali is the son of Dabala  who is one of the biggest gangsters in town. The principal has two sons and a daughter - Vikas , Vijay  and Pooja. Vijay is in love with Priya  a colleague of his in his engineering company. Kali rapes Pooja, and then the corrupt inspector Shirke  puts the blame on Pooja's fiancee, and has him killed while in custody. This enrages Vijay and he embarks upon a bloody and violent fight to cleanse the city of ruffians like Kali and Dabala and Shirke. Mohan Joshi shows up in a cameo as an honest ACP."] ["Mirza Yusuf Changezi  and Jahan Ara  have been good friends since childhood. Things are not quite the same as they grow up, as Jahan Ara's father is none other than Emperor Shah Jahan, and men are not permitted to meet with the princess under any circumstances. However, Jahan and Mirza do meet secretly and promise to marry each other. Misfortune visits the emperor, when his wife, Mumtaz Mahal , passes away. The emperor gets deeply devastated, and, still mourning his wife's death, he pledges to build a memorial in her name . At her deathbed, Mumtaz makes Jahan promise that she will take care of her father, which she promises to do. This responsibility makes her sacrifice her love for Mirza, who is heartbroken and continues to believe that Jahan will sooner or later reunite with him."] ["Janaradhan Wishvanbhar Rane is a widower has spent his life bringing up his two kids, Chirag and Gaurav. Janaradhan has done everything to bring them up in the best possible manner, ever since they were toddlers. Now the duo has grown up, and Gaurav takes up the responsibility for his father. They manage the household chores and their business to the best of their abilities. The younger son treats his father like his son. Gaurav is on guard with the vigilance of a disciplined parent. He shouts, threatens, fights, and even locks up his father occasionally so that his prankster best friend Madhav Mathur &mdash; who is a divorcé and desperate to get married &mdash; does not spoil him. Madhav and Janaradhan who are always in search of a bride for Madhav forever land up in trouble and every time Gaurav has to bail them out and face the embarrassment. Gaurav, busy managing his business, starts getting prank calls from a girl who turns out to be his old college friend Sheekha Kapoor. Sheekha is staying with her guardian Anuradha who was Janardhan's first love. Gaurav and Sheekha notice changes in the behavior of Janaradhan and Anuradha when they come face to face after many years. They learn about their past relationship. Now Gaurav wants his father to get married to his lost love. Gaurav and Sheekha embark upon a rib-tickling journey to arrange his father's love marriage and, in the process, find soul mates in each other. Of course, the path is not so smooth: there are obstacles. But then, Madhav's desperate desire for a bride comes handy."] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with a young couple Raja and Rita driving through a dense forest at night. Tired and sleepy, they decide to stop for the night, and find a haveli  nearby. They fall asleep in the outskirts of the mansion. Around midnight, the husband awakes all of a sudden and gets up to investigate, a horrible monster attacks him. His wife wakes up hearing him scream and she gets killed by the monster as well. An old man Narendra suddenly appears, a bit too late but eventually traps the monster in an underground cage and attaches a cross to the latch to keep him from escaping. The film moves into the lives of an industrialist Kumar, his cunning wife Seema and their niece Anita. Kumar’s brother and his wife were killed in a car accident; their vast estate is held in trust by Kumar until Anita comes of age. Kumar is a good human being who loves his niece like a daughter, but his wife Seema is a cunning lady who wishes her younger brother Vikram to impress and wed Anita, so that both of them can milk out the entire estate. But, Anita does not approve of Vikram and is in love with a photographer, Sunil. Kumar decides to buy the mansion for a sum of twenty five lacs from Mr. Rana. While leaving with Rana to see the mansion, Kumar once again instructs Vikram along with his wife to woo Anita over as soon as possible. Seema asks her husband to send word as soon as he reaches the mansion. Meanwhile, Shankar, Rana's old servant, a habitual drunkard goes to the mansion to clean it up. But the monster controls all the evil forces and as a result, Shankar is killed by an iron statue. Both Rana and Kumar reach the haveli at night and they both get killed by the monster. A large group of some twenty three folks go to the mansion for an outing. Things get interesting when one of Vikram's friends is killed by the iron statue.Many interesting things happen in due course. Seema and Vikram get increasingly frustrated; Anita is about to come of age and reclaim her estate, and Vikram remains unsuccessful at wooing her. Seema hatches a plot and she lures Sunil into the tehkhana  where Vikram is waiting for both of them and attacks Sunil him from behind. He becomes unconscious and then they lock up the dungeon and leave Sunil there thinking that he will eventually die and Anita may eventually agree to wed Vikram. Sunil recovers in the dungeon and wanders around till he hears the monster from his cage. He is about to open the cage when the old man suddenly appears and stops him from doing so. He leads Sunil out of the dungeon tells him the story of his life and the monster. Vikram goes back to the dungeon to check for himself that Sunil is dead. He hears the monster and unknowingly releases him getting himself killed. The monster now free goes on a violent rampage, killing people everywhere. Everybody vacates the mansion at once fleeing by bus. Seema unwisely stays behind going another escape route and the monster sexually assaults and murders her. The monster makes his way to the bus that has broken down by a church and the monster kills two girls and the old man as well. Sunil, Anita and four other friends run into the church. Sunil discovers that holy elements  present fatal weaknesses to the monster. They apply all these elements and drive it out of the church; and with a spark of divine intervention, a large cross atop the church falls out and eventually kills the monster. The film ends with Sunil and Anita lighting candles at the church and starting a new life together."] ["Vishwanath is a multi-millionaire industrialist, living in a palatial house with his only child, a son named Vijay. The pampered Vijay has completed his education and now indulges in life's temptations to the extreme. Vishwanath would like his son to get married and become responsible. Megha is Vishwanath's personal assistant in his office. She is a hardworking girl struggling to support her family. Vishwanath asks Megha to quit her job and marry his son, but she refuses when she hears Vijay's strange condition. Vijay wants the marriage to be on a contract basis for a year and, if he does not fall in love with his wife in that duration, the marriage will be annulled. However, Megha's family is in dire financial straits and, so, she has to reconsider this offer. In return for marrying Vijay, she asks for financial support for her family, which Vishwanath readily provides. Vijay and Megha are married. After the marriage, they become friendly with each other, and Megha goes out of her way to look after Vijay when he meets with an accident. At the end of the year, however, Vijay decides to annul the marriage, as had been agreed upon. Megha leaves Vijay and returns home. After the separation, Vijay seems to be enjoying himself; but slowly and eventually, he starts to feel a longing for the presence of his devoted wife. Complications arise when Megha finds out that she is pregnant with Vijay's child. People in her neighbourhood start to question her stay at her mother's house and the identity of the child's father. In order to support herself, Megha gets a job in a new company; to her surprise, when the company's managing director arrives, he turns out to be Vijay. He later confesses to her that he's a changed person and wants her back. But, even after repeated persuasion, she disagrees because her faith in him has been shattered. Vijay continues to pursue her and leaves no stone unturned to show her that he cares for her. Later, Megha and her family hold a ceremony for the well-being of her to-be-born child. Vishwanath and Vijay attend the ceremony as well and give her presents. Megha reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells all the guests about the marriage-contract. An argument follows; Vijay and his father walk out, followed by all the guests. Near the completion of her pregnancy, Megha learns that trouble-makers Khairati Lal and Yeshwant Kumar, who had once attempted to kill Vijay, have escaped from prison. They are out looking for Vijay, who had fired them from his father's company for cheating and fraud. Megha gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay as soon as possible. On the way, she learns that the whole thing was a set-up by Vijay's friends to lure her back to her husband. Enraged, Megha goes to confront Vijay. As soon as she meets him, she accuses him of this shameless act. Vijay then staggers towards her, with his stomach pierced by a piece of glass and blood pouring from the wound. Khairati and Yeshwant have attacked him in reality. Megha runs toward him, slips and goes into labour. Vijay, summoning up all his strength, takes Megha to the Hospital. There, he is treated for his injuries and she delivers a healthy baby boy. Megha and Vijay recover and get reconciled."] ["Anoop studies law in Calcutta, while his widowed mom lives in a small town in West Bengal. He has a sister, Sudha, who is married to Anil and lives in Calcutta. Since Anoop is of marriageable age, his mom has selected a prospective bride for him in her neighbourhood. The girl's name is Vidya. When Anoop returns home, his mother asks him for his approval, but he says he wants to see the girl first. He goes to see Vidya, and also gets to meet another village belle by the name of Minoo, the daughter of Sharda and Ramchandra. He returns home, tells his mom that he cannot marry Vidya, and will marry only Minoo. His mother reluctantly agrees and the marriage takes place. It is then that they find out that Minoo has no household skills. Neither is she educated, nor mature enough to understand her relationship with Anoop. Her only interests appear to be stealing mangoes and other fruit, and playing with children much younger than her. Anoop's mom is quite exasperated with Minoo and is compelled to keep the new bride under lock and key. When the time comes for Anoop to return to Calcutta, he asks Minoo to come with him, but she refuses. His mother cannot handle Minoo's childishness and refuses to let her stay with her. Anoop accordingly leaves Minoo with her mom, Sharda. Once Anoop leaves her and heads back to Calcutta, Minoo starts realising she misses him. All her earlier activities of fooling around and playing with the village kids loses their charm and, in her loneliness, she realises her love for Anoop. She then tells her mom that she wants to go back to Anoop's house, reconcile with her mother-in-law and live with her. Minoo goes back, a changed person. Anoop's mom welcomes her daughter-in-law. Minoo excels in her household duties. But Anoop does not visit even for his holidays. Minoo realises that, when she had refused to accompany him to Calcutta, Anoop's ego was bruised. He had promised that he would come only when she wrote to him to come back. So she writes a letter to Anoop telling him to come home. But she does not have his address, so Anoop never gets the letter. In the meantime, Anoop's mom, realizing that Minoo is truly missing her husband, suggests a trip to Calcutta to visit him. It is in Anoop's sister's house in Calcutta that the love-lorn couple finally comes together."] ["James  and Mr. White  work in a call centre in Chennai. James witnesses the murder of Krishnamurthy , a labor union leader. He promises the police to identify the murderer. In order to crack the case, a police inspector, Soundara Pandian , urges the lady informer, Aishwarya , to act as James' wife and stay in a house opposite to Krishnamurthy's. Upon coming to the house, the couple tries to crack the case. In this regard, they befriend the family, but soon, Krishnamurthy's father is also murdered. Towards the interval, one comes to know that the actual murderer is James himself. In order to avenge the murder of his parents by Krishnamurthy and his brother Ramamurthy  a few years ago, James stays in the house opposite to theirs. With knowledge of his motive, Aishwarya promises to help him in bumping off Ramamurthy, who returns from Australia."] ["Pushpa  is sold to a brothel in Calcutta by her village-uncle, Nepali Babu . On her audition at the brothel, Anand Babu , a businessman seeking love, is attracted by her singing. Anand Babu is unhappily married and lonely and becomes her regular and exclusive customer as love blossoms. Later a widowed man with his family, from the same village as her, moves in close to Pushpa's place. The new neighbour's son, Nandu, doesn't get any love at home, as his father works all the time and his stepmother doesn't care about him. Pushpa starts treating Nandu as her own son when she gets to know that he is from the same village as her. Once Nandu suffers from fever and his treatment is secretly financed by Anand babu on Pushpa's recommendation. The story revolves around Pushpa's great love for Anand Babu and Nandu. The story details how circumstances stop Pushpa from meeting them as people and society prejudges her. Several years later, Nandu grows up to become a government engineer posted in the same town. Nandu meets Anand babu, who takes him to meet Pushpa. In the end Nandu takes Pushpa home with him, like a son who is reunited with his long lost mother.Amar Prem - Synopsis"] ["Badal  is a naive but intelligent young man who comes from a small village to the big city. He is introduced to city life by Damru  who calls himself Danny. When Badal attends college, he meets pretty and precocious Tina Oberoi  and, after a few misunderstanding and misadventures, they fall in love. This is not taken well by Tina's dad  who hopes to marry Tina with his friend's  son. Tina's dad complains to the college principal , but Tina testifies in favour of Badal. Tina's dad then asks a corrupt cop, Negi, the city's assistant commissioner of police, for assistance. Negi arrests Badal on trumped-up charges and imprisons him. Badal's dad  comes to the big city to try to make sense of why Badal is prison. Tina's dad gives a contract to Negi to have Badal killed. Negi agrees and hires a gang of ruthless outlaws to hunt and kill Badal. He also pressures Tina not to acknowledge and meet Badal anymore, and Tina reluctantly agrees. When she learns that he is not dead she goes to him. In an effort to save her, her father dies and Badal kills Negi. At last, Tina and Badal unite."] ["Sunil Mehra  completes his medical studies and becomes a doctor. He is kidnapped by dacoits in Himalayas and harassed and left badly hurt. Phoolwa, a village girl  find him in his poor state and then takes care of his till he becomes fit. He then leaves for his home in the city. But he decides to go back to Himalayas and help poor people who don't have proper facilities and no good medical care. Villagers resist his arrival as they don't trust his modern medicines but believe only in local healers. Worried for him, Sunil's family sends his fiancée Neeta  to get him back. Sunil in turn asks Neeta, who also is a doctor, to stay there with him. Firm on his decision, he stays. He also falls in love with Phoolwa."] ['The concept of Dashavatar  has tremendous significance even in today’s jet age. Evil has been present at all stages in the evolution of mankind and the Dashavatar in a way brings out this evolution through the triumph of good over evil. The most famous of the divine incarnations of Lord Vishnu are Rama, whose life is depicted in the Ramayana, and Krishna, whose life is depicted in the Mahabharata and the Bhagavad Gita. The four great era or epochs in Hinduism are: Satya Yug, Treta Yug, Dwapar Yug and Kali Yug. Satya Yug or the Age of Truth is said to last for four thousand divine years, Treta Yug for three thousand, Dwapara Yug for two thousand and Kali Yug will last for one thousand divine years. It is also believed that three of these great ages have already passed, and we are now living in the fourth one. The four ages are said to symbolize the four phases of human evolution during which man gradually lost the awareness of his inner self. Another theory explains these epochs of time on the basis of the degree of loss of righteousness in the world. It says, during Satya Yug only truth prevailed , Treta lost ¼ truth, Dwapar lost ½ truth and Kali is left with only ¼ truth. Evil and dishonesty has replaced truth in the last three ages or yugs. This verse from the Indian epic, The Bhagavad Gita, embodies the soul of Dashavatar. Lord Vishnu, the Preserver of life manifests Himself in many forms through the eras to wipe out evil and establish the rule of righteousness. The ten avatars of Vishnu are known to all and Dashavatar is an energising experience that shows how some of the darkest powers on earth were eradicated by the most popular heroes from the past, present and even the future... Dashavatar weaves together the fascinating stories of Rama, Krishna, Parshurama, Vamana, Narsimha, ...and also the tales of Vishnu in earlier avatars&nbsp;– Matsya, Kurma and Varaha...and yes, finally&nbsp;— Kalki Avatar! Dashavatar is an odyssey through time, showing the values of the old world matching the sensibilities of the modern one... Dashavatar is the all-encompassing epic that celebrates the recurring triumph of good over evil&nbsp;– tenfold! The 9 avatars so far are Matsya , Kurma , Varaha , Narasimha , Vamana , Parshurama , Rama , Krishna . The ninth avatar is gautam buddha. The tenth avatar, Kalki is yet to manifest. From the sequence of the avatars itself, it is obvious that it represents the sequence of the origin of life.http://www.dashavatar.com/era-heroes.html *Matsya, The Fish, appeared in the Satya Yuga. *Kurma, The Tortoise, appeared in the Satya Yuga. *Varaha, The Boar, appeared in the Satya Yuga. *Narasingha, The Man-Lion , appeared in the Satya Yuga. *Vamana, The Dwarf, appeared in the Treta Yuga. *Parashurama, the man with an axe, appeared in Treta Yug. *Rama, Prince and king of Ayodhya and the Moral Man, appeared in the Treta Yuga. *Krishna, The Cowherd and Philosophical Man, appeared in the Dwapara Yuga. *Kalki, the Sage prince , who is expected to appear at the end of Kali Yuga, the time period in which we currently exist, which will end in the year 428899 CE.'] ['Raghuvir  is a poor bus conductor who is fired from the job after getting into an argument with a passenger. With an ailing mother  and two younger siblings to take care of, Raghu doesn\'t know how to provide for his family. When he passes by a cinema hall and sees Kalu ([[Rashid Khan  selling movie tickets, he gets an idea. Raghu steals {{INR}} 3000 from Advocate Desai ([[Chetan Anand  and sets up his own black marketing business. First, he works with Kalu, and at the premiere of Mother India, their tickets sell faster and faster as more film stars arrive - they include Dilip Kumar, Geeta Dutt, Guru Dutt, Kishore Kumar, Raaj Kumar, Rajendra Kumar, Lata Mangeshkar, Sohrab Modi, Mohammed Rafi, Nargis, Nadira and Nimmi. Finally, he sells his last ticket for {{INR}} 50 when one ticket cost only {{INR}} 2. Elated with his newfound business, Raghu and Kalu go from strength to strength, recruiting many poor and homeless thieves. When Ganesh  dares to challenge him, Raghu beats him up. The next day, Ganesh agrees to work for Raghu. Now a wealthy man, Raghu buys a new, spacious flat for his family in Marine Drive. Things change when a group of students buy movie tickets from him. Alka  finds out that her friends bought them in black, and tears the tickets. This has a great impact on Raghu, who is standing nearby and watching. Her boyfriend, Nandkumar Chattopadhyay ([[Vijay Anand  promises her not to do it again. Smitten with Alka, Raghu starts to follow her. When Nand gets a scholarship and travels overseas, Alka\'s parents decide to take her to Ooty to take her mind off Nand. Raghu sees this as a perfect opportunity and gets on the same cabin as her family. He sings "Apni To Har Aah Ek Toofan Hai", trying to flirt with Alka, while the song itself was veiled as a prayer. He also helps to cure Alka\'s father\'s back pain with a massage, and soon, he becomes friends with the family. All that taken care of, he sets out to romance Alka, but she resists and turns away his love when she lies that she is engaged to Nand. Heartbroken, Raghu returns to Bombay to continue his business, but his love for Alka has changed him. When he left Alka in Ooty, he promised that he would never do anything bad. Raghu tries to convince his partners to stop black marketing and get an honest job, but they all eventually go back to their bad deeds. Raghu continues to try and earn an honest living, and to his surprise, he meets Alka one day in Bombay. Alka, meanwhile, also falls for Raghu, but hesitates to tell him. Finally, she writes a letter to Nand, telling him to forget her because she loves Raghu. The latter is delighted, and Alka tells him to come in the evening to talk to her parents. However, everything goes awry when she learns that Nand has returned. When Nand comes to her house, the two of them argue, but finally both concede that their "love" was just childishness. Now free to profess her love for Raghu, Alka goes to his house, only to learn that he has been arrested for black marketing...'] ["The story follows rich businessman Shravan Dhariwal . Shravan has everything one can dream of having and what he doesn’t have, he buys it. One day, he meets Varsha  and believes her to be his true love. He proposes to her, and she eventually agrees. The couple get engaged, and go on a small holiday. However, Varsha’s beautiful dream comes to a shocking end when Shravan tells her that his love for her was just a drama to get engaged so he could sleep with her. Heart broken and shattered, Varsha’s whole world collapses around her. She leaves the country and goes as far away as possible from Shravan Dhariwal to start a new life. Shravan goes back home, and says things didn't go well with Varsha. After this intro, the story begins with Karan  a young artist, who has many girls after him, however awaits his true love and his dream girl because he is an honest lover. Every night, he dreams of a girl running in the fields and believes she is his true love. One day, Karan sees a young woman named Payal , and she is the extreme lookalike of his dream girl. Payal is actually Varsha who changed her name so Shravan could never find her. Karan begins to follow her, and explains she is the woman he sees in his dreams but Payal thinks he is flirting with her. Eventually, when Payal realizes that her uncle is Karan's lawyer, the two make friendship, and soon enough, they fall in love. Karan phones his mother, and tells her he is getting married to an Indian girl named Payal. His mother is overly excited, and tells the whole village such as Karan's brother; cousins and rest of his family. She tells him that the marriage would take place in their own village, and Karan sets out for his hometown with Payal. Once they arrive, Karan's mother is totally smitten with Payal. Everything is going well, and a day before the marriage, Karan's elder brother arrives home to see his brother's future wife, and Payal's world turns upside down. It is revealed that Karan's brother is actually Shravan Dhaliwal. Payal begins to hide the shock from Karan, though refuses to get married to Karan. Karan, who then finds out the truth behind her rejection, goes to commit suicide. Shravan is unaware of this. Karan takes his car on full speed in front of a running train, but is soon pushed out of the car by Shravan. Shravan is hurt and struggles. He makes Karan promise to take care of Varsha/Payal and also not to tell the family that Payal is Varsha. He tries to ask forgiveness but dies in the arms of Karan."] ["In 2008, Deepak Kumar  is at an interview for the teacher's post at an affluent school. The interviewers turn him down when they discover his low-caste roots. Deepak relates the incident to his mentor, Dr. Prabhakar Anand . Dr Anand, the legendary principal of renowned STM college, offers Deepak an interim job as a teacher at STM. Deepak is comforted by his friend, Sushant , and his girlfriend Poorbi , who is Dr. Anand's daughter. The state minister, Baburam, wishes to enroll his no-good nephew at STM. Dr. Anand however, turns him down. The minister decides to install his own man, Mithilesh Singh, on the STM college board. Cunning and greedy, Mithilesh seeks only to enrich himself. The minister's grand ambition is to build a multi-billion educational conglomerate, and plans to use Mithilesh's outside business—a coaching class—for it. The Supreme Court grants reservations for Other Backward Classes. A large crowd of STM students, boisterously celebrating the ruling, arrive at the gates of STM and start a ruckus. Sushant gathers a group of upper-caste boys and tries to drive off the revellers. Dr. Anand hauls Deepak and Sushant, but is shocked to find that Deepak has turned on him. Poorbi later confronts Deepak and orders him to apologise to her father, but he refuses, leading to their break-up. The backward classes welcome reservations because it provides additional opportunities for education. The upper classes are against reservations because they believe in a level-playing field. These arguments are played out between Sushant and Deepak. The moderate STM administrators are afraid that college-level reservations may create conflicts between the students. When asked by a reporter, Dr. Anand shares his personal opinion – that some form of reservation, free of politics and economics, is good for society. The next day's headlines scream that Dr. Anand favours reservations. The STM board is outraged; Dr. Anand is warned that Mithilesh will use this to oust him. Dr. Anand resigns from STM, and Mithilesh is appointed as the new principal. Dr Anand resolves to take out Mithilesh with the only weapon left: teaching. He approaches his friend, Shambhu the cowherd, and takes shelter at the tabela . He begins teaching small groups of needy and backward students from the bastee , at the cowshed. His first success is MuniyaShambhu's daughter, who comes in first place at the board exam. Muniya's principal offers to send more students to Dr. Anand's tabela school. Deepak and Sushant return to Dr. Anand and join forces, teaching at the tabela school. The tabela students fare much better at the exams than their classmates. The tabela school's reputation grows and begins to draw away students at Mithilesh's coaching class. Mithilesh responds by obtaining a legal permit to demolish the cowshed. The situation is diffused by the arrival of Shakuntala Tai, the reclusive magnate who started the STM institutions. She calls the chief minister, who promptly averts the destruction of the cowshed. Mithilesh is dismissed, and Dr. Anand is installed as the chief trustee of the STM and lifelong principal of the newly-created STM Remedial Center."] [" Aditya , an automobile engineer, is as passionate about cars as Shakespeare was about writing. Not only is he an engineer, he is also a test driver for the company. Aditya is engaged to Sonia , a fashion designer about to make her mark. Aditya and Sonia are not on the same wavelength; Sonia is a 21st century modern woman for whom career comes first. As much as Aditya tries to overlook these facts, they keep coming in the way of their relationship. The marriage date is fixed, and Aditya has to leave for Canada to learn about a new car model to be launched in India. Meanwhile, Sonia leaves to Paris for a fashion show. Aditya arrives in Canada and meets his sister Simran  and her husband and son, who all live in Canada. Destiny makes Aditya continually bump into Jia , daughter of business tycoon Yashwardhan Birla. She has come to Canada alone to shop for her wedding with the business giant Karan Oberoi . She is a simple girl with a thirst for true love. She had everything she could ask for in her childhood but never time from her ever-so-busy father. Now, the man her father has chosen for her hardly has any time for her either. She finds a friend in Aditya, and as the two spend time together, their friendship grows. Aditya gets a chance from the company to participate in a car rally. He persuades Jia to participate with him and they win. On returning from the rally, their car gets stuck in the snow and they have to spend the night together. They share intimate moments, which make them forget that they are engaged to others. Soon, they realize they are falling in love. When Jia tells Aditya that she believes her father is responsible for her mother's death, Aditya tells this to his best friend and roommate, Nawab. On a drunken night, Nawab tells his other friend, who is a reporter. The reporter then publishes this in the newspaper. Jia, extremely hurt, returns to India to marry Karan. Aditya also returns to India to get married to Sonia, and does not attempt to meet Jia. Sonia turns out to be the designer for Jia's wedding. Mr Oberoi asks Aditya to come to the wedding, and Sonia persuades him to attend. Jia's friend and Karan's secretary, Jenny, bumps into Nawab, who reveals that it was his fault that Jia's secret was published in the papers. But it is too late—the wedding ceremony is over and Jia and Karan are married. Jia then goes to meet Aditya to apolgize. They confess their love for each other, but agree never to meet again. However, Karan catches them talking, and questions Jia. She says that she only loves Karan and Aditya is just a good friend. When Aditya leaves the wedding, he finds an upside-down car, which Jia is in after an accident. As petrol leaks, Aditya goes into the car to help Jia. The car catches fire, just as Aditya manages to free her. He helps her out of the car, while the press and public gather around. He accompanies Jia to Karan, telling him that Jia only belongs to him. However, Karan has a change of heart and pulls Jia's mangalsutra off, telling her to marry Aditya. Aditya's engagement with Sonia is also broken, and he and Jia hug, finally united."] ['The story is about Hiraman, a rustic villager from a remote village in Araria , who drives a bullock cart to earn his livelihood. The story begins with Hiraman taking two consecutive vows based on the difficult situations he had to undergo, before he meets a nautanki dancer, Hirabai. The story soon transforms into the story of the friendship between a bullock cart driver and an urban nautanki dancer. The movie, finally, ends with Hiraman taking the third vow. Hiraman  is a bullock cart driver with conservative traditional values. While smuggling illegal goods on his bullock cart and close escape from police, Hiraman takes vow  to never carry illegal goods again in his cart. While transporting bamboo for timber trader on his bullock cart, he is beaten by two men when their horses are upset by bamboos of Hiraman’s cart. After that incident, Hiraman takes another vow  to never carry bamboo again in his cart. One night, Hiraman is asked to carry Hirabai , a nautanki dancer as a passenger to the 40 miles distance to the village fair. As they travel together Hiraman sings to pass time and tells her story of the legend of Mahua. As the journey progresses, Hirabai is mesmerized by Hiraman’s innocence and his simple philosophy of life. Hiraman in return sees her as an angel of purity. Once they reach the village fair, Hiraman joins with his band of bullock cart drivers and Hirabai joins the nautanki company. Hirabai asks Hiraman to stay at village fair for a few days to see her dance. Hirabai arranges free passes for Hiraman and his friends to see nautanki on every night as long as village fair runs. As Hiraman attends nautanki, he becomes aware that other people see her as a prostitute and it disturbs him. He tries to shield and protect her from society. The bond between two grows stronger as the days pass at the fair. He gets involved in fights with local people who speak badly about her and her profession. Hirabai tries to make him understand the harsh reality of her life. Hiraman asks her to leave her profession and start living a respectable life. Hirabai refuses to leave her acting career. Depressed, Hiraman leaves village fair and returns to his village. In the mean time, Hirabai understands Hiraman’s unselfish love. Hirabai meets Hiraman and reveals her past secret that she had been already sold and she was no longer a virgin beauty. Hirabai returns to her hometown. After seeing Hirabai going away from his life, Hiraman takes third vow  to never carry a nautanki company dancer again in his cart.'] ["Sushil Verma is a surgeon in the Shimla Hospital. He lives on the hospital grounds in a doctor's house with his ageing mother and younger sister Munni. Sushil's father died and his father's close friend paid for his medical school fees, thus creating a debt that Sushil's mother feels needs to be fulfilled. Karuna is a nurse who comes to the Shimla hospital and first encounters Dr Verma during an emergency surgery. Both are clearly besotted with each other, but keep their feelings restrained. By Chance, on a nurses beach day trip, Karuna meets Munni who injures herself whilst playing. She takes Munni back to her house, not knowing that she is Dr Verma's sister, and the house she is in belongs to him. She dresses Munni's wounds, and then sees how much work needs to be done in the house, and the fact that his mother is too ill to do those household tasks. She immediately steps in and fulfills the duties of the housewife; cooking and cleaning and taking care of everyone. Sushil comes home to see this and falls even more in love. However, later on his mother organises a trip to Kashmir for the whole family, and conveniently guilt trips Sushil to marry Kusum, the daughter of the man who paid for his med school fees. They come back to Shimla, and when karuna finds out she is devastated. Although manages to conceal this for a while. Situations keep arising and Kusum soon gets jealous of Sushils' preference for Karuna and her perceived ill-treatment. Kusum Manipulates and mistreats her mother in law and sister in law, until Sushil orders her out of the house, and she goes back to kashmir. Dr Vermas mother then realises she made a mistake and should have gotten him married to Karuna. To avoid scandal Karuna moves to another hospital. But Kusum seeks to enact revenge on her.Dr Verma finds out and tries to beat Kusum to Karuna, which yields a cliff top high speed car chase. And eventually the death of Kusum. The last scene shows Karuna and Sushil reunited."] ['Krishna , a dance teacher in Chamundeshwari’s  college also acts as a music teacher Bala  in Chamundeshwari’s divorced husband’s school. Krishna woos their daughter Kalyani  but when he is asked to tie the knot with her he reveals his past. In fact, Krishna or Bala’s real name is Balayya. He is an uneducated simple guy who lives with his mother . A dance researcher Bhairavi  comes to his town and likes him. She makes him to love her and change his life style. The twist in the tale is that Bhairavi is the daughter of Chamundeshwari and she plays spoilsport to their love story.'] ["Dr. Sagar  is a London-based psychiatrist who works in a hospital. He is strongly opposed to shock therapy as a treatment for mentally ill patients, which is a source of conflict with his colleagues. One day he accidentally saves a girl who is being attacked by a group of men, and takes her home. The girl, Dhara , is behaving extremely childishly, and Sagar quickly finds out she is mentally disturbed, but not retarded. He decides to keep her out of the hospital, and to take care of her at his own home. As a result of Dr. Sagar's careful treatment and a lot of domestic warmth, Dhara's condition gradually improves. Simultaneously, they slowly fall in love with each other, and Sagar even plans marrying her. When Sagar has to leave for India for a while, his friend Sahil  comes to visit him, and decided to stay in his home until he returns. There he stumbles upon Dhara, almost healthy now, and the two fall in love quickly. When Sagar returns from India, he catches them in the act. Sagar, completely broken by this incident, loses his mind himself. Now it is Dhara's turn to take care of Sagar. However, once she succeeds, she loses it herself again."] ["Shiva comes to Chennai to continue his studies. He meets Jasmine and falls in love with her. Only after Meera warns Madhavan to stop his love by using her brother’s Atul Kulkarni's influence of willpowers and his way of idealising himself as a ‘big shot’, does Madhavan become very self certain that his love will become successful. She warns Madhavan that her brother is a gangster. Thereafter it immediately becomes, as glacial imperviousness that Madhavan will not let go off his love. It's after the infringe of cunning setups and many oppositions that he realizes to make true progressions to his love; he relentlessly works both physically and mentally, to portray his love as inevitable, as he tricks Meera’s brother. Her brother, however, still believes that he can separate their love by setting his men against Madhavan, but Madhavan beats them up. And soon Meera too starts loving him. Finally Madhavan elopes with Meera and how he overcomes her brother's opposition forms the rest of the story."] ["This film is about the issues like male chauvinist protagonism, extramarital affairs, and spousal abuse. It is about a woman trying to find a separate identity outside her marriage. It is 1997. Malhar Kamat , an old musician and music teacher, is dying. He prepares his will where he leaves his entire jaydad  &mdash; comprising a haveli , {{convert}} of land, 1400&nbsp;grams gold and about 8 lakh rupees &mdash; to Aditi Shrikant Pandit ([[Tabu . Upon his death two years later, the will is delivered to Aditi. When the will reaches Aditi in Pune, she is in the midst of an impromptu lunch party occasioned by the arrival of Dr. Ravi Bapat  and his wife Meghna . Ravi is a very close friend of Aditi's husband, Shrikant Pandit . Aditi's son Aniket  introduces his girlfriend and would-be wife Revati . Shrikant opens the certified letter package with the will even though it is addressed to Aditi, much to Meghna's chagrin and Ravi's surprise. Shrikant is intrigued and decides to consult his daily diaries where he has chronicled the events of his daily life. Shrikant realizes that he overlooked certain things anybody else could have easily noticed. He understands that 25 years ago Aditi could not have possibly been pregnant, at least not from him. He shows her the diary, confronts her with the facts and demands explanation. In a flashback Shrikant is an up-and-coming star at a firm, seeking to break out onto his own. His work keeps him traveling almost constantly. This leaves his newlywed wife Aditi lonely and frustrated. When she asks him to let her work someplace , he takes it as an insult and rebuffs her saying no woman in his family has ever worked outside the home and that he earns enough for them to live comfortably. He suggests  that she take up music. The music teacher is Malhar Kamat. Shrikant continues his unending travels all over the world, although he makes it clear to Malhar that music will not be anything more than a hobby for Aditi. Aditi's sister Sudha  and her husband come to live with Aditi. Their constant lovemaking further deepens Aditi's feelings of yearning and abandonment. And one spring afternoon, as Malhar breaks into his new ghazal in the rain, Aditi's resolve is broken under the influence of the season. Malhar returns a couple of days later, and Aditi asks him to leave. Aditi has missed a period. Sudha learns this and advises her to do something. When Shrikant returns, Aditi breaks down and tries to tell him the truth about her pregnancy. But Shrikant is doubly elated, having won the first major contract for his own firm and, hearing of his imminent fatherhood, and breaks out into celebrations without letting Aditi complete her story. As the story comes back to present time, Shrikant punishes Aditi by making her tell the truth in front of Aniket, Ravi and Meghna. Meghna loathes Shrikant, since she suffered spousal abuse from her drunkard husband before divorcing him and marrying Ravi. Aniket is disgusted with his mother after knowing the truth of his existence. Shrikant decides that he will live with Aditi, but any spousal relationship between them will not exist. After Revati knows the truth, she breaks the engagement, not because of the truth, but because she realizes that Aniket is no different than the man whom he considered his father till now. Meghna decides to take Aditi to Goa with her, but Aditi declines. She walks out of the house with Revati. The movie ends with Revati and Aditi walking out the house and on the road, whilst Shri and Aniket stand in the doorway, watching them go. The denouement captures the essence of astitva.{{cite web}}"] ["Veer Thakur  is an eligible young bachelor living in a small community with his parents, Thakur Kunal Singh , and mom Thakurain Geeta . He is in love with Muskaan, his friend & daughter of another Thakur. Their parents give their support to the union, but Veer suddenly starts getting visions of events that he can't remember ever happening to him & finds that he is an expert in fighting techniques no pehelwaan, including his father, have ever seen before. Nobody has any explanation for these facts. One day, as the Chief Minister  is giving a speech at a certain function in his village, Veer suddenly spots a sniper trying to aim at the CM. Veer lunges to save the CM, only to find that the sniper and the building are both missing. Veer grows restless, but nobody notices that the CM has grown restless on seeing Veer. Some days later, at Veer's wedding, some goons attack the party and try to kill Veer. Veer kills them single-handedly. Convinced that everyone is hiding something important from him, he demands answers. The Thakur relents and tells him that he is neither Veer nor their son. The real Veer ([[Arbaaz Khan  was a soldier who died in the line of duty. After immersing his ashes, he found the bullet-ridden body of an unknown man. When he realized that this man had no memories of his past, he told him that he is Veer & concoct a past for him, because they feel the need to have a son. The hero decides to go on a quest to find his real identity. He goes to Mumbai to find that both police & goons are baying for his blood. He meets a teenager who calls him Ali bhaiyya, but the teenager dies while trying to save Ali from an assassin. The hero does not see the face of the assassin, but assumes that his name is Ali. He gets visions of a girl whom he has never seen. The mystery starts unwinding when he meets a guy named Inder. As Ali starts getting his past memories, it is confirmed that his name is indeed Ali. Ali & the teenager were orphaned brothers, while Inder was Ali's friend. An old man named Rahim Chacha was their guardian. The mysterious girl Ali saw was Mehak, his love. Ali & Inder had won medals for shooting during many contests, although Ali was always the best. The marksmanship skills of Ali & Inder are seen by an Inspector, who makes a proposal to them: masquerade as goons of a gang, kill goons of their rival gang & trick both the gangs to destroy each other in gang wars. Ali refuses flatly, but after some goons kill Rahim Chacha, Ali & Inder decide to take the offer. Mehak gives both the guys portable video recorders, so that they can prove their innocence if anything goes wrong. Soon, the Inspector takes them to the Chief Minister & his aide. They plan to enact an attack on the CM, making the opposition look dirty in eyes of people & garnering sympathy votes for CM. However, when Ali is trying to fake the shooting, somebody really kills the CM. The police start chasing Ali thinking him to be the killer & Ali flees. After recovering his memory, Ali realizes that the CM's aide took advantage of the plan to become CM himself. Meanwhile, Ali learns that Inder made Mehak his fiancee to save her from harassment. Ali tries to tell the truth to the Inspector, but realizes that nobody believes him. In an attack when Ali goes aboard a local, the remaining memories come to him. He remembers boarding the train same way on the day of assassination where Inder met him & confessed to killing the CM. Thereafter, Inder shot Ali to hide the truth & threw his body in a river. Suddenly, the Inspector confronts him, but Ali convinces the Inspector by telling the truth. Ali goes to Mehak & tells her everything. He realizes that there must be some incriminating evidence in Inder's tapes. As he plays a tape, Mehak witnesses in horror Inder striking the deal with CM's aide. Ali notifies Inder that he remembers everything now. Inder, along with his cronies, comes to kill Ali, but Mehak dies in the process. Ali kills the goons & demands Inder an explanation. Inder reveals that he was always second best with Ali around & that even Mehak, whom he secretly loved, chose Ali over him. Also, Ali always got money & fame more easily than Inder. Inder reveals that he had sent the goons to kill Rahim Chacha, thus manipulating Ali to take the offer. Also, when Ali came back to Bombay, Inder saw him. Inder was the sniper whom Ali's brother saw. Ali kills Inder in a hand-to-hand combat. Ali broadcasts Inder's tape over the cable TV network, thus freeing himself from his charges & putting the present CM in the dock. He returns to the village and marries Muskaan, just as planned."] ['Salman Khan is a Bollywood actor, who is on a live tour nearby Delhi, where his private jet has a crash. Luckily, he survives and in a lounge, he meets Katrina Kaif. She tells him a story, about six friends and their boss who all work together at a Mumbai-based call centre. They are instructed never to reveal their location, and speak with an American accent by a Boston-based company. There is Shyam  , Priyanka , Varun , Esha , Radhika  and Military uncle . Their boss, Subhash Bakshi , attempts to further his career by plagiarizing software, agrees to lay off 40% of the Indian workforce, and re-locate to Boston. One night, at a party, they all get drunk and decide to head back home since it was late. The six are on their way home, until they approach an accident, and are stuck on top of a cliff in their car, and if anybody tries to move, there would be chances that the car will lose its balance and fall off the cliff. They all remain calm, and when one of the friends tries to call someone, he finds his phone battery has run out, therefore, in rage he breaks his phone and throws it on the floor of the car. Later on, still trapped in the car, the broken phone receives a phone call; six surprised friends answer it, only to find the caller is God. God tells the six, they should keep calm, and just believe in themselves and all will be well. They do as they are told, and find that the fire brigade are here to save them. They all get saved. After the story, Khan asks the woman who she is, and she replies "if you believe in yourself, you will know the answer". She walks out of the lounge, and as Khan follows her, he seems to witness she has suddenly disappeared. He believes in himself, his jet gets fixed, and he flies back home.'] ['Kulwant Rai is a prominent and wealthy businessman. He relies solely on his son, Rakesh, to run his business. His second son, Naresh, is idle and untrustworthy, and is born out of marriage with his second, wife, Shobha. When Sunderlal passes away suddenly, Shobha entrusts the entire business dealings on Rakesh, and has Naresh assist him. Naresh gambles, and even molests a woman employee, and is severely reprimanded by Rakesh. Naresh, and his maternal uncle, instigate Shobha against Rakesh, who humiliates him, and as a result Rakesh leaves the house. He takes up employment in the far regions of Himachal Pradesh, in Northern India, which includes the construction of a dam. This news does not augur well with the local tribesmen, and they warn and assault him, but Rakesh persists, and is able to convince the head of the tribe, Thakur, of his good intentions. Things take a turn for the worse, when the tribe finds out that Rakesh has been wooing one of their tribeswomen, namely the daughter Thakur, Parvati, and it is at this point that Rakesh must decide to continue his romance with Parvati, or give her up for his project.'] ["The story follows Kunal and Renuka, a happy-living couple on their first honeymoon. During their first intimate night together, porn-website creator Simi Roy  and her partner Johny  record them and turn them into porn-stars. Renuka can't take the embarrassment and commits suicide. Kunal is then arrested by police for illegal porn online. Kunal proves himself innocent, and teams up with his friend Ali  a modern-day punk, to find clues and to take down Simi Roy and Johny and take revenge for Renuka's murder."] ['The film opens with Sunita , a medical student, and her friends working on a project about the human brain. She wants to investigate the curious case of Sanjay Singhania , a  notable city businessman, who is reported to have anterograde amnesia. Her professor denies access to Sanjay\'s records as it is currently under criminal investigation. Sunita, nonetheless, decides to investigate the matter herself. Sanjay is introduced as he brutally murders a man. He takes a Polaroid picture of the man, and writes on it "done". It is revealed that Sanjay has anterograde amnesia where he loses his memory every 15 minutes. Sanjay uses a system of photographs, notes, and tattoos on his body to recover his memory after each cycle. It is revealed that Sanjay is ultimately out to avenge the death of his sweetheart Kalpana , and that he is systematically killing the people who were responsible for it. His main target is "Ghajini" , a notable social personality in the city. Police Inspector Arjun Yadav, on the case of the serial murders, tracks Sanjay down to his flat and attacks and disables him. Yadav finds two diaries where Sanjay has chronicled the events of 2005 and 2006. The film flashes back to 2005 as Yadav reads the diary. Sanjay Singhania is shown as the owner of the Air Voice mobile telephone company. In the course of his business, Sanjay sends his men to meet Kalpana, a struggling model, about putting up a billboard above her apartment. The owner of Kalpana\'s advertising firm misinterprets this as a romantic advance, and in view of a possible lucrative Air Voice ad campaign and other benefits, encourages Kalpana to accept the overture. Kalpana thinks of this as an innocent prank that may fetch her better modeling work, and decides to play out the charade as Sanjay\'s girlfriend. As soon as Sanjay knows of this matter, he decides to confront Kalpana but falls in love with her on first sight. Thus, he introduces himself as Sachin. Eventually both of them hang around together and gradually develop a liking towards each other. The diary ends with Sanjay proposing to Kalpana and promising himself that he will reveal himself as Sanjay Singhania if she accepts. When Yadav is about to read the 2006 diary, Sanjay returns to senses, attacks him and ties him up. He tracks down Ghajini to a college function where Ghajini is the guest of honor. Sanjay took pictures of Ghajini and decides to kill him. He meets Sunita at the function who, after some conversation, decides to befriend him. Later that evening, Sanjay mistakenly attacks and kills one of Ghajini\'s goons in the parking lot. Ghajini is perplexed and fails to recollect the incident. However he decides to find and kill his enemies one by one, but Sanjay is not among them. In the meantime, Sunita visits Sanjay\'s flat and finds Yadav, beaten and bound. Sunita finds the two diaries and frees Yadav. She also finds that Ghajini is Sanjay\'s target. Yadav tells her that Sanjay is a known serial murderer. Sanjay arrives suddenly; he remembers neither of them and chases them out. Yadav is eventually hit by a bus, while Sunita barely escapes, going into a boutique. Believing Ghajini is in danger, she informs him that Sanjay is after him. Ghajini arrives at Sanjay\'s flat to kill him. He destroys all the photographs, notes and scratches off Sanjay\'s tattoos. Satisfied that he has neutralized Sanjay by wiping out any trace that connects back to him, Ghajini leaves. Meanwhile, back in her dorm, Sunita reads the diaries. The film flashes fast to 2005 then back to 2006. It is revealed that Kalpana had accepted Sanjay\'s proposal. This diary ends abruptly. Sunita investigates further, and discovers that Kalpana was traveling to Goa for a modeling assignment by train when she came upon 25 innocent young girls being trafficked to Goa. She saves the girls who name Ghajini as the ringleader of the racket. Ghajini kills two girls, who recognized him, and goes in search of Kalpana. His goons break into her apartment and wait for her to return. Sanjay arrives there to meet Kalpana. Her last word to him was "Ghajini". The goons attack Kalpana. Sanjay intervenes but Ghajini hits him over the head with an iron rod. Sanjay\'s last vision was to witness Ghajini brutally murder Kalpana with the iron rod. Sunita, now aware of the shocking truth, finds Sanjay in the hospital and tells him the truth. He flies into a rage and he told her to lead him to Ghajini. Arriving at Ghajini\'s lair in downtown Mumbai, Sanjay confronts all of Ghajini\'s henchmen and with superior strength, manages to disable. Finding Ghajini himself, Sanjay fights Ghajini hand-to-hand. However, Ghajini realizes that he is no match for Sanjay\'s strength, so the two engage in a chase until Sanjay\'s memory loss strikes again. Ghajini turns around and stabs him. He begins to taunt the stabbed Sanjay with the grisly tale of how he murdered Kalpana, when Sanjay, with a sudden burst of last minute strength, overpowers Ghajini. Sanjay kills Ghajini in the same way as Ghajini had killed Kalpana. The film ends with Sanjay, still experiencing amnesia, volunteering at an orphanage. Sunita gives him a gift which is the cement slab on which Kalpana and Sanjay impressioned their first footprints when the couple moved into a new apartment to remind him of his fond association with Kalpana.'] ['Movie starts with the kidnapping of three nuclear scientists by Pralayanath Gundaswamy  as he plans to build nuclear missiles for an invasion on India. Meanwhile Deputy Commissioner of Police Rudrapratap Chouhan  an honest police officer is murdered by Gendaswamy since he has been on his hitlist. Rudrapatap\'s son Harish  is the only witness of his murder. When scientists are gone missing police calls Brigadier Suryadev Singh  to take matter into his hands. Suryadev allies with hot-headed police Inspector Shivajirao Wagle  who spends many time being suspended due to his temper. When Central Minister Jeevanlal Tandel who is an ally of Gendaswamy sets up a meeting with him to inform him about Suryadev Singh, Gendaswamy questions why is there information about his glory and not a single photograph of his face. At that moment Suryadev Singh enters the auditorium saying his famous dialog "Na talwar ki dhar se na goliyon ki bochar se, banda darta hai to sirf parvar digaar se". And reveals that he is the one whose face Gendaswamy was so eager to see. Meanwhile on the New Year\'s Eve Harish and his friends witness an attempt of murder on Radha Tandel. They rushes her to hospital but later on flees as the staff calls police to inquire about the case. Police then trace Harish by his wallet which was left at hospital and charge him with an attempt of rape on Radha. After knowing who Suryadev is Gendaswamy tries to kill him by planting bomb in his car. But Suryadev\'s car is a high tech vehicle and hence he makes an escape with his driver/bodyguard bahaddur from a below passage door in car. Then the news is wide spread that he has been murdered'] ["Anand , a Punjabi boy comes from Jullunder to Delhi but is unable to find a place to stay as everywhere he goes people want to give their room only to a person of their caste. Desperate, Anand masquerades as a Tamilian, Anand Kumaraswamy, and finds a place to stay with a Tamilian family. There he meets the daughter of the South Indian Cultural Association Head, Janki . Romance develops but Anand is unable to reveal his true identity to her. Daulatram Khanna , Anand's father and Janki's father, Subramanyam's  superior, gets transferred to Delhi. Anand's sister Nikki  comes close to Anand's friend, Ashok Banerjee, a Bengali painter who teaches her art. When Daulatram finds out he kicks Ashok out. Anand makes his Tamilian servant Kumaraswamy  masquerade as his father and they even meet Janki's father to discuss the marriage. But soon they are found out and Daulatram opposes the marriage. Subramanyam too turns against his daughter who tries to kill herself. She is saved by a kindly shop owner  and passed off as his Punjabi niece, Mohini. Both Subramanyam and Anand are kept in the dark and are convinced Janki is no more. Subramanyam realizes his mistake but sadly he thinks it is too late. Thinking Mohini to be a good Punjabi girl, Anand's family readily agrees to his marriage with her and also fix Nikki's marriage within their community. But the marriage is almost called off when the boy's father demands a huge dowry. It is Ashok who offers his family jewels to Daulatram so that Nikki's marriage can take place. Daulatram's eyes open and he calls off the wedding and marries Nikki to Ashok. The truth about Janki/ Mohini also comes out and now that both the groups have shed their prejudices Anand marries Janki."] ["Sitara  and Tara ([[Govinda  are brothers who are notorious, lovable, small-town con-men who are always in trouble with the law. One day when the police are chasing them, they mistakenly shoot one of the most deadly criminals who goes by the name Cobra . They look for cover and find themselves at Major Ram Singh's house Jackie Shroff who got Cobra's brother Panther  arrested because he and Cobra tried to steal a very advanced gun. Tara and Sitara go to Singh's house but, since he is an army officer, he first doesn't allow them. Then he does. Living in his house for a while, Tara and Singh's sister fall in love; Sitara and Singh's sister's friend fall in love, too. One day, while in the house, they watch TV and learn that Cobra has come back. They realize that Cobra has kidnapped their mother so he can force Tara and Sitara to get Panther out of Ram Singh's jail. They succeed in getting Panther out of jail. Cobra returns their mother. Ram Singh realizes that he has been fooled by the two; they watch him on TV getting embarrassed by the media. Sitara and Tara realize they should get revenge on Cobra and Panther. They go to Singh's house and tell him how they were forced by Cobra to deceive him. Singh forgives them. The brothers go out to catch the two criminals. They are successful and all ends well."] ["Popular Indian leading man Amitabh Bachchan stars in HERA PHERI, a campy Bollywood musical melodrama about faded friendships and family secrets. Best friends Vijay  and Ajay  sever their relationship when Vijay discovers that his father's murderer may be Ajay's own long-lost father, setting into motion a bloody saga of familial revenge that involves a maniacally insane mother and a motley assortment of badly disguised villains. The film starts with a fight between Vijay and Ajay in an Irani hotel.Later it comes to know that they both are con men and the fight was their trick for money."] ["Ramanathan IPS is a police officer with a difference. Murder of his wife makes him take law into his hands as he gets no support from the various people he meets in this regard. He brings to justice the wrong doer's even though he accepts bribes. He follows the policy of Kayamkulam Kochunni a renowned real life robber. Taking from the rich and giving it to the poor. He also funds to run an orphanage for the mentally disabled children.Rakshasa Rajavu Preview, Rakshasa Rajavu Story & Synopsis, Rakshasa Rajavu Malayalam Movie - entertainment.oneindia.in"] ["Seenu  is a new admit at college. Nandini  goes to the same college. Seenu is from a middle-class family and Nandini is a rich girl. Nandini is the only daughter of Gowri Shankar , who is a land mafia don. Gowri Shankar suspects them to be lovers after he finds them dancing at the freshers celebration at school. Seenu gets beaten up. Irritated by this, Seenu is challenged to win Nandini's love. After several attempts, she falls in love with him. They elope and get married when Gowri Shankar tries to separate them. The story takes several turns before the movie ends in a happy note."] ["The movie revolves around a little boy who has leukemia and is waiting for a marrow transplant. Mega soccer player Dewei guest stars as a police officer. While back in Taiwan, it concentrates on the story of a doctor  and a nurse who is his girlfriend . Richie Ren is a young doctor who stands for justice and does the best he can to help his patients. They cannot find a willing bone marrow donor. They seek help from a prisoner . Ke Shou Liang is convinced to become a bone marrow donor for the little boy. The marrow must be transferred from Taiwan to Beijing in 24 hours, but an earthquake causes a power cut and also damages a bridge on the way to the airport. The car has to fly across the gap. Luckily, they make it in time for the airplane. At the airport, Ruby accepts Richie's marriage proposal. The transplant operation is successful."] ["Rahul Sharma ([[John Abraham  is a compulsive gambler and while betting, wins 3 crore rupees. That night he asks his girlfriend, Nafisa, to marry him and she says yes. Right after proposing Rahul collapses. The next day he goes to the doctor for a medical test and finds out that he has cancer. Rahul does not know how to handle this situation and so in the middle of the night runs down a street screaming, knowing that he only has months to live. Later, Rahul finds about a rehabilitation centre for persons with such incurable diseases. Rahul silently runs away from his fiancee, leaving back most of the money he earned, for her. Once Rahul gets into the centre, he meets several people like Parthasarthi  who speaks with the help of a metal tube because of his cancer, Madhu  who was a former Prostitute and an AIDS patient now, Padma  a teenage girl with lot of dreams, but no life to fulfil them, she can't even walk properly, Govinda  a comic loving kid, who is said to have certain higher capabilities and everybody treats him as a messenger of God. The relationship between Rahul and each of these persons grow with time, and one day Rahul coughs hard and struggles for breath, and he goes to Govinda’s room and falls down there. Next day when Rahul wakes up, Govinda offers him mangoes, and he tells him a story. The story was similar to the story of Rahul’s dreams, in which he imagines himself as Indiana Jones. In the story he is in a mission to free many souls who are in chains, and to get the keys of those locks, he needs to find a key of a box, in which all the keys are there. Rahul imagines himself to be Indiana Jones, and Parthasarathy, Madhu etc. as the locked spirits, and Padma as a spirit who motivates Rahul to find the key. Later, he realizes that the key to open the box is his heart only, and his love is the key to open all the other chainlocks. He then arranges a beach program with Padma, in the program, he brings a band troupe who sings a song about living in the present moment. Noted actor Shreyas Talpade appears as the lead singer in this song. After that, Rahul asks everybody to write down their one wish and put it in a pot. Then he and Padma exchanges their wishes. They together fulfils everybody’s wishes, and meanwhile Rahul and Padma were about to be in a physical relationship, but Rahul regrets and rejects. Padma gets angry and throws off her wig to Rahul, and then only we come to know that the teenage girl is bald, due to her disease. Then Padma’s condition gets worse, and Rahul looks for her wish pot. He finds that her last wish is to make love with Rahul. Rahul agrees and kisses Padma, and she dies at the moment. Later, Rahul finds an Indiana Jones costume in his room, which he had wished for, and had written and given to Padma. Later, Rahul’s condition gets worse, and Nafisa re-enters the story at that moment. It is revealed that Padma had called Nafisa before her death and asked her to look after Rahul. Meanwhile, Rahul is in desperate search of some ‘Naksha’  which Govinda had told him to find. He then realizes the Naksha is near some waterfall, and the closing scene of the movie shows Rahul and Nafisa going in a car, presumably they might have decided to spend the final days of his life near that waterfall."] ['Dosti is the story of two persons Ramnath or Ramu and Mohan. Ramu’s father Mr.Gupta a factory worker, dies in an accident, and when the factory refuses to pay compensation, his mother passes out in shock. Ramu is injured in an accident, and he becomes crippled. Thrown out of his home, crippled, and penniless he roams around the streets of Mumbai. Here he comes across Mohan, a person, who is blind and has a similar tale of woe. Mohan comes from a village, and he has lost his sight at an early age. His sister Meena, had migrated from the village, to find work as a nurse, so that she could pay for her brother’s treatment. Mohan himself left the village after his mother passed away. Ramu is good at playing the harmonica, while Mohan is a good singer. Together they team up, and sing songs on the roadside, earning money from passers by. Ramu wants to finish his studies, and both of them befriend a small girl, Manjula, who is the sister of a rich man Ashok. Manjula herself suffers from a terminal disease, and both the friends hope she would help them out.'] ["Superstar is based on the reality of the entertainment field. Life's essentially about choices. Kunal Mehra  defines the youth of today &mdash; he dares: Dares to dream of making it big in Bollywood one day. Kunal wears the tag of a Bollywood struggler lightly, as he knows it is only a matter of time before he makes it into the big league. Until life decides to play a prank on him. The entry of the rich, debonair, Karan , in Bollywood as well as his life, crushes all of Kunal's dreams. And suddenly the struggler is transformed into a superstar. Public adulation and unwavering media attention, he receives it all. What will Kunal choose at the moment of reckoning? Truth or dare?"] ['The film opens by showing a large crowd outside the Verona Arena, Italy, with eager fans queuing for the rock concert of Jordan . Jordan, who was being attacked by thugs moments ago, manages to escape and reach the arena. He shows a complete disregard for his fans, storms onto the stage in a fit of rage and starts strumming his guitar. A flashback shows the story of Janardhan Jhakar a.k.a. JJ, a simple Haryanvi from Pitam Pura, Delhi, who is a student in Hindu College & dreams of becoming a big star and gets laughed at by his friends for that. Khatara, a canteen owner , tells him that the only way melody can be produced is by undergoing trauma via a heartbreak. Janardhan jokingly tells himself that since he hasn\'t seen bad times, he hasn\'t been able to reach his idol\'s  level of fame. He goes to the performance of Heer Kaul , one of the girls in St. Stephens College, and overhears that she is the "perfect heartbreaking machine". Instantly deciding to propose to her, he suffers humiliation, which he deciphers as the perfect method for receiving the "heart-break" and the key to "fame". However, they both become good friends, hanging out together and doing things like drinking desi liquor and watching a B-grade Hindi film called "Junglee Jawaani" Heer marries Jai  in Kashmir and departs to Prague with him. During the process, she develops feelings for JJ and coins the name "Jordan" for him before leaving. JJ returns home finds himself thrown out by his elder brother for attending Heer’s wedding and stealing {{INR}}5 lakh. He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah, singing qawwalis and finally to Khatara\'s place, making it his home. Ustad Jameel Khan , a Padma Bhushan classical artist, remembers JJ singing at the Dargah, and prompts Dhingra , the owner of a music company called "Platinum Records", to sign JJ as he foresees a bright future for him. When Sheena , a journalist interviewing Jordan as a rockstar, hints to Jordan that Dhingra intends to send some artists to Prague for a tour and recordings, he instantly volunteers to work there in order to reunite with Heer. Heer, meanwhile, suffers from continuous spurts of health problems. She meets JJ after a while of intimacy, and he tries to profess his love for her, but Heer, being married, spurns his advances. Heer\'s warns him to stay away from her and he decides to say "bye" one last time before departing for India. While doing so, Jordan trespasses on Heer’s property and is arrested by cops and deported to India. Upon being brought to India, he is overwhelmed by the media attention he receives. Frustrated, JJ clashes with the media and the Indian Police, resulting in a term in jail. Dhingra becomes happy about the publicity he has received because of JJ, as it has helped the sale of his records. After being released, JJ meets Heer\'s younger sister Mandy  during one of his performances. She asks him to help Heer, as she has been diagnosed with Aplastic Anemia. When JJ goes to meet her, her mother, Neena Kaul , gets angry and asks him to leave her house as she is aware of his past with Heer. To everyone\'s surprise, Heer starts recovering quickly due to JJ\'s presence. He starts to spend more time with her disregarding all his work. During a visit to Kangra Valley, Heer accompanies him to one of his concerts where the media links them, portraying her as having an affair despite being married. Heer asks Jordan to take some time off and first finish his work before coming back to her. Her condition worsens ; she slowly slips into a coma, and is discovered to be pregnant with JJ\'s child. Mandy calls him for one last time hoping that she will recover. However, her condition only worsens. JJ goes and meets her while she is in a coma and finds and realizes that this time she really is gone. The movie then goes back to the beginning with JJ performing "Nadaan Parindey". During the song, Jordan while performing imagines her coming on stage and a recap of their time together follows. The film ends as it started: with JJ performing "Nadaan Parindey", and he envisions Heer\'s spirit.'] ["It is set in the fictional village of Bilaspur, Bihar in 1996. The movie starts with the grisly portrayal of a mob killing of two defenceless women, orchestrated by vested interests, and how village power players later evade administrative inquiries into this atrocity. This incident sets the tone for much of the rest of the movie. The central characters are a young couple, Vinay ([[Ayub Khan  and Ketki . They are quickly plunged into the midst of machinations by several powerful and unscrupulous villagers. Foremost among them is contractor Tirpat Singh , a powerful, corrupt and ruthless man who oppresses poor people and especially women with impunity. Vinay too becomes influenced by Tirpat, and under this influence spirals down a dark road of domestic abuse, alcoholism, and selfishness that alienates his loving wife and tears apart the whole family, despite her best efforts to fight this. The rest of the movie deals with their efforts to break out of this morass, both within their relationship as well as outside of it, and Vinay's and especially Ketki's long, hard, and bloody struggle to confront and defeat the forces of oppression and male domination in the village.Women to the fore"] ['A mysterious monster haunts the dreams of a young woman named, Anita. Anita becomes concerned when one of her friends is killed by the monster in a dream.'] ['The story is about Radhe , a hardcore gangster and assassin who would do anything for money. He falls in love with Jhanvi , a simple fitness trainer, who also has a soft spot for Radhe in her heart. The two are unable to express their love to each other, until one day, selfish Inspector Talpade  enters the love story and also falls for Jhanvi. He starts threatening Jhanvi and her family, as if Jhanvi did not marry him, he would rape Jhanvi\'s mother. When Radhe finds this out, he has a huge fight with Talpade, causing Talpade to realise he shouldn\'t mess with Radhe and he backs off. Soon enough, underworld don Gani Bhai  arrives in India for an assassination. Gani Bhai hires Radhe as his assassin and Radhe agrees. As Datta Pawle and Gani Bhai\'s gang are fighting for the biggest piece of Mumbai, commissioner Ashraf Khan  vows to make the city crime-free and starts his campaign by arresting 200 criminals. Ashraf Khan arrests and kidnaps Gani Bhai and holds him on a stranded boat where no one could find him. Gani Bhai tries hard to contact Radhe but fails in every attempt. Until, Ashraf Khan\'s daughter is kidnapped and he realises Gani Bhai\'s men are behind this, and he lets Gani free. Soon enough, Gani Bhai gets his head on a news that an IPS officer named Rajveer Shekhawat is after him and wants to murder him, so Gani attacks his father Shrikant Shekhawat . Shrikant doesn\'t give any information on his son, until he is held gunpoint by Gani Bhai\'s men. Assuming Ajay for Rajveer, Gani kills him. After realising his mistake Gani questions Shrikant. Shrikant does not tell him about the plans of Rajveer, and Gani Bhai murders Shrikant and leaves. His son, Rajveer Shekhawat arrives at the scene full of tears, and it is revealed that Radhe is actually IPS officer Rajveer Shekhawat, and he was undercover as a gangster to finish off Gani Bhai and his gang. Now, he vows to take revenge on his father\'s murderer.He Uses Talpade to track down him where Gani Says that He is located in Binnimills. Then Radheraids the Binnimill and Kills all of the goons including Gani\'s Right Hand Mona. When Radhe Kicks off Gani He can\'t able to Listen anything coz of the Powerful kick of Radhe. Then Gani attacks radhe But Radhe Gives him an Excellent Kickback such that the Blood oozes from gani\'s mouth and When he was about to kill Radhe, He was got his throat cut off by Radhe and Died Immediately on the spot Soon enough, Inspector Talpade enters the scene and pretends he didn\'t see anything, and is also then shot by Radhe. The film ends with Radhe quoting his tag line, "एक बार जो मैंने कमिटमेंट कर दी, फिर मैं अपने आप की भी नहीँ सुनता" meaning "Once I commit to something, I even don\'t listen to myself". Then the credits roll.'] ["Ajay Bakshi  is an arrogant but successful reporter working for a reputed news channel. His father was a freedom fighter living on a measly pension. Ajay thinks that his fathers ideal & sacrifices have given him nothing. He has no respect for his father's ideals, which his father still sticks to. The rival news channel ropes in Ria Banerjee  as his answer. Ria is antithesis of Ajay & uses her charm to get her work done. Pappu Junior  is a don who is soon to be ousted from his own gang, owing to his inability to make it big in the crime world. Ajay approaches Choti with an offer: arrange a fake attack on a minister's  brother on national TV. Choti will earn respect & Ajay's channel will gain TRP. Little does Ajay know that the plan is going to turn too real. The minister's brother is gunned down by an assailant named Mohan Joshi . When Ajay learns that he was not Choti's man, he panics. Ria learns about Ajay & Choti's deal, but they decide to help each other nevertheless. Mohan is arrested, but does not open his mouth even once during police torture. To avoid any public unrest, the ACP  declares that Mohan is a terrorist working for unknown terror organizations. Meanwhile, Mohan somehow escapes out of jail. Ajay & Ria are fighting over the matter in their car, unaware that Mohan is hiding in the same car. Mohan accosts them, where Ajay accuses him of being a terrorist. Mohan has an angry outburst & tells him that he is not a terrorist. Mohan goes on to narrate his story. Mohan has an ailing wife  & a now-dead daughter. Mohan says that his daughter went to an interview for a secretarial job at the victim's office, where the latter raped her. She committed suicide & Mohan was left running from door to door for justice. Hence, he took the law into his own hands. Ajay & Ria are shaken by his confession & decide to help Mohan. Ajay hands over the video tape of this confession to his boss . Unfortunately, the minister has joined hands with his opposition rival  as he fears that their secrets might come out if Mohan surrenders. Similarly, Ajay's boss forms an alliance with Ria's boss  after knowing about the tape. The ministers & channel heads come together and trick Ajay & Ria to give the tape to them. Only after they give the tape do they realize what the truth is. Ajay is angry at first, but comes up with a plan to retrieve the tape back from the villains. With the help of Ria & Choti, he succeeds in obtaining the tape. Here Mohan has been arrested by police & is sent to be publicly hanged. Ajay succeeds in broadcasting Mohan's confession just an hour before the execution & asks the public to stop this injustice. The ministers try to stop the protesters from coming to the execution ground by making the police barricade the entrance. The ACP decides to join Ajay & Ria, thus neutralizing the police barricades. In a blatant mockery of media's TRP hogger attitude, Mohan is made to wear a T-shirt containing logos of various companies & is prepared for execution. Just seconds before the execution, Ajay & the protesters succeed in saving Mohan. Mohan's execution is called off. Ajay's father tells him that his ideals may not have given him money, but they gave him something far more important - Ajay. Ajay proposes to Ria in front of all the protesters; Ria accepts after playful banter with him."] ["An old villager  brings his 8-year-old grandson Parshuraam  to a doctor in Mumbai to diagnose the child's eyes. They are accompanied by child's maternal uncle Diwarkar. On the first day Vichare is asked to sign usual papers before admission in hospital. Upon asking, he learns that the papers say the doctor would not be responsible if anything goes wrong. Vichare, the rustic grandfather finds these terms unacceptable. A medical social worker named Asawari who is present there, quickly comes in and explains the practice to Vichare. She calms down Vichare and accompanies them during the first appointment with the doctor. Dr. Sane quickly diagnoses child as a victim of retinoblastoma &mdash; a rare retinal cancer. After consulting with other colleagues in US and UK doctor finds that only way to save child's life is to perform an operation that will leave the child blind. As per rule, doctor explains this and insists child be informed of this before surgery. He cannot be operated without this knowledge as it was against ethics. Asawari  who helps the doctor in convincing the grandfather and the grandson, tries to keep track of Vichare and persuades him not fall prey to other doctors promising false medicines. She tries to befriend Parshya in order to explain him what is going to happen. However, she finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind. The film then depicts the grandfather's struggle to accept the reality that the only way to save his grandson is at the cost of his eyesight. He tries various ways to come to terms with the situation and his personal agony is shown in scenes, like taking second opinion, explaining his grandson the reality and his desire to show him everything possible before his grandson loses his eyesight. For some reason, the surgery has to be postponed by a day. That afternoon, grandfather and grandson disappear from the hospital ward and a frantic search follows. Confronted by an angry surgeon on their return, the grandfather states quite simply that he wanted to show Parshya the sights of the city for one last time. Shwaas has been applauded for scenes which depict the difficulty faced by the doctors to explain to grandfather and Parshya that nothing can be done and the truth is but inevitable. It shows the medical fraternity in a very positive light, with the doctors and nurses being extremely supportive and doing the best they can, and helping the village with the best facilities. The last shot where Parshya returns home wearing dark glasses, waving to his family and friends from the boat was widely appreciated by film critics."] ["Mona  runs a small restaurant in Goa. Raja , who lives close by, is a good friend. He is in love with her but is unable to profess his feelings. Ravi  is from a rich industrialist family who moves to Goa from the US. Mona and Ravi fall in love of which Raja know s nothing. Ravi's grandmother is opposed to their love because of class differences."] ["Karan Shergill  is a young man who has no goal or plans for his future. His father is a businessman, his brother is a successful individual living in America. His girlfriend, Romi , a student activist and reporter who espouses fashionable causes out of well-meaning sincerity, tells him he needs to find a goal in life. When a friend announces he is going to join the Indian Military Academy , Karan applies as well, despite dissent from his parents. To his surprise, Karan gets selected . But he is undisciplined and unused to the life there and keeps getting into trouble. Upset, he runs away from the academy, which causes Romi to break up with him. Karan finally comes to terms with his situation and makes his decision. He returns to the IMA, takes his punishment, and becomes a focused, disciplined cadet leader, graduating as an officer Lieutenant Karan Shergill. Karan is posted to the 3rd Battalion of the Punjab Regiment, commanded by Col. Sunil Damle  in the Kargil sector, and handles his responsibilities well. Karan comes home on leave and finds out that Romi is getting engaged; he goes to the ceremony to congratulate her. Karan is recalled to his post as his leave is cut short due to outbreak of hostilities in Kargil. He reports back to his post where he is promoted to the rank of Acting Captain. His battalion CO briefs the officers on the latest situation. The battalion has been assigned to secure Point 5179, a crucial vantage point dominating the army's main supply line, the NH1D. The first part of the assault is successful. The battalion destroys the enemy's screening units with Karan cited for his bravery in saving another officer's life. Meanwhile, Romi gets stationed as war correspondent, where she meets a metamorphosized Karan. Karan learns that Romi broke off her engagement. She tries to renew her relationship with him amidst the war, but this time Karan declines her. In the second phase of the assault Karan's unit engages in a failed attempt to storm and capture the Pakistani strongholds on the mountain. The Pakistanis have the advantage due to their strategic position and deal the unit heavy losses during the attack. Capt. Shergill and a group of 12 are next given orders to encircle the enemy position and attack it from behind. To do this, they must scale a 1000-foot rock wall. Karan realizes that he has finally found his lakshya  in the form of the wall. After the unit sustains an attack in a grass field and loses their commanding officer, the remaining men scale the cliff and attack the Pakistani stronghold during the night. The movie ends with Col. Damle looking out across the mountains the next morning, to see an injured Capt. Karan hoisting the Indian flag atop the ruins of the stronghold. Karan's father, who was sceptical and disapproving of him, is now proud of his son. Karan is given a leave following his condition, whereupon he and Romi reunite."] ["Manu  loves Jo  and he becomes her friend, hoping to help her win her love for Prem , whom Jo secretly loves. Then they both try to break Prem’s love with Nandini and succeed. Manu realizes Jo’s deep love for Prem and tries to unite them. Manu succeeds in making Prem fall in love with Jo. Finally Jo and Prem get married. During the story the twists reveal that Manu had originally been in love with Jo but secretly tried to engage into her life by pretending to be in love with Nandini. Soon after realising her true love for Prem, he sacrfices his love for her and brings Prem and Jo together. Only in the last several scenes does Jo realise Manu's love for her, but she chooses to go with Prem."] ["The story is about orphaned Raju  a business man in India. Whilst his mother died when he was very young, his father had already left her. At work, Raju witnesses Rajesh Mittal  winning an award on TV. Raju realizes that Rajesh is none other than his dad, and leaves immediately for London. At the airport, he meets Sonia Singh  who has too much luggage and tries to get Raju to hold it. Raju understands her plan, and it backfires on Sonia. The two then begin to believe they love each other. After this, Raju finds Rajesh and tells him the truth. He then finds out that Rajesh is already married to Smitha  and has two kids, Rinkie  and Bunty. Rinkie is about to get married to Vicky  but she is unaware of his drug dealings. Raju gives Rajesh eight days to break the news to his family and call Raju his son or he’ll tell the family himself. After he leaves, Rajesh gets afraid, and hires gangsters to attack him. On his way out, Raju gets beat up by the hired gangsters, though later rescued by Shera , also an Indian living in London. He saves Raju from getting beat up, and helps him as well. He advises Raju to go into Rajesh's house as a family friend, and that he should get to know the entire family. When Raju asks Rajesh to give him a good place to stay, Rajesh takes Raju to his friend Robin Singh’s  mansion. There he meets Sonia again and learns that she is Robin’s daughter. They gradually fall in love. On the eighth day, Raju goes to Rajesh’s bungalow but realizes the family are on holiday. Therefore, Raju goes back to India, until he overhears Robin calling Rajesh and inviting him over to his house. Raju gets into the boot of Rajesh’s car so he can also go with them. Rajesh is horrified when he sees Raju come. Raju stays with the family at the resort. Rajesh finds out that Raju’s visa has expired and he calls the police. They take Raju. Purshottam Mithal is at the airport as he has come back from America and Raju sees him. Raju tells him that he knows Rajesh. Purshottam renews Raju’s visa and takes him back to the Mithal mansion. When Rajesh gets home he thinks that he will have no problems with Raju. But he is mistaken and he sees Raju at his mansion. A few days later Rajesh has to go to a conference overseas and Raju accompanies him. The company that Rajesh is in a partnership with is blaming Rajesh for no sales lately. Raju then explains to the company that it’s their fault because their products are crap. Rajesh tells Raju to be quiet but the company urges Raju to go on. The say to Raju to come and join their company but he says he can’t leave Rajesh. Rajesh is very happy with Raju and he gets drunk and he calls Raju his son. When Rajesh gets up in the morning, Raju has bought in breakfast. Raju then goes up to patch things up with Sonia, only to witness her trying to make him jealous by flirting with another boy. When he leaves to stop her, he realizes the boy she is flirting with is actually Shera, his good friend. He explains his problem, and that the two actually love each other, so Shera backs off and explains to Raju that if he needs any help, he would be there. He also tells Raju where Vicky always drug deals. Raju catches Vicky red-handed as he is talking to his partners about dealing drugs. Raju shows Rajesh and Rinkie the truth and Rinkie is devastated. Rajesh hits Vicky and Vicky shoots Rajesh. Rajesh is taken to the hospital. Both of his kidneys have failed and he needs a kidney. Purshottam offers his but he is diabetic so he can’t. Smitha does to but her blood group doesn’t match Rajesh’s. Smitha says that Bunty will but he denies as he wants to be a pop singer. She says Rinkie will but she denies to as she wants to have babies when she is older. The next morning Purshottam tells the doctor that he has called all his relatives and one of them at least will be able to give a kidney. The doctor tells him not to worry as someone has already given one. He asks who but the doctor says that the person has asked to keep him anonymous. In the end Rajesh confesses to the family that Raju is his son. Raju says he is lying and Rajesh is confused. He says to Raju didn’t you want me to say this? And Raju says why are you lying you’re not my father. But Raju does confess and everyone finds out that Raju was the one who gave a kidney to Rajesh. Purshottam and Smitha aren’t mad at Rajesh but in fact happy that Raju is related to them. They live happily ever after."] ['Kalyani is in a prison in pre-Independence India for committing a murder, and we learn the circumstances of her crime in flashback as she divulges it to the jailor. The film is set in Bengal in the 1930s, during the British Raj, where Kalyani  is the daughter of the postmaster  of the village, who falls in love with a freedom fighter, Bikash ([[Ashok Kumar , who later leaves her in the village promising to come back but never does. The society treats them harshly. Broken by her father\'s misery and that of her own, Kalyani moves to the city, to the singing of the "O Jaanewale Ho Sake To Laut Ke Aana". In the city she works as a caretaker of an obnoxious and mentally unstable woman, who turns out to be the wife of Bikash. Kalyani learns that her father came to the city looking for her and died in an accident. That prompts her to poison her lover\'s wife, identifying her as the cause of her miseries in a moment of insane rage. Director Bimalda captures her emotions as she resolves to commit the crime, with light and darkness falling on her face due to a welder\'s torch and the thumping of Iron in the background, and the ambient sounds as she inches towards the decision, pumping vigorously into a kerosene stove, without uttering a single word through it all. And subsequently confesses to the crime with equal passion. Back from the flashback in the jail Deven  the jail doctor falls in love with her. Kalyani is not ready for it and starts to stay away from him. They are always shown with a partition in between after Deven proposes her. Another symbolism used in the movie is the occasional shouting of "All is well" by the prison guard when nothing in the movie is; and just as Kalyani is leaving prison for good, she receives yet another ironic message from a jail official, “Ab ghar grihasthi ki jail mein qaid rahogi!” Now you will be imprisoned in the jail of household! In the end she finds Bikash at a ship harbour where she finds him in an ill condition. She then decides to take care of Bikash and her love is again reborn. The lines "Main Bandini Piya ki, Main Sangini Hoon Saajan ki" in the end score of the movie tells us that Kalyani is imprisoned by her love, thus revealing the title of the film. "Mere saajan hain us paar" is sung by the musician S D Burman himself, this climactic song, beautifully expresses Kalyani\'s dilemma of having to choose between Bikash and Deven. Thus the character of Kalyani gets lifted from that of a woman who is a prisoner of destiny to one who defines her own freedom.Story synopsisBandini: Bandini, Bimal Roy\'s ode to purity Let\'s talk about Bollywood!.'] ["The film opens with young Ritu  bringing her friend Jia  to spend the holidays with her at her home in Kerala. Ritu's parents Vijay  and Amrita  have a beautiful home surrounded by picture-perfect surroundings. Vijay is a photographer and Amrita is a homemaker. Jia's mother lives alone in Australia , and she studies in India. She is a free-spirited teenager with no attachments and no worries. She professes some affinity to Vijay, but it doesn't go much further than that. But Vijay's world is turned upside down when he takes pictures of Jia watering herself down with the garden hose. Something innocent grows into something bigger, and something bigger grows into something beyond control. Jia's world collides with Vijay's causing three casualties. Ritu witnesses an intimate moment between Vijay and Jia and tries to get Jia out of the house without revealing the truth to her mother but fails. Around this time, Amrita's brother Shridhar  visits them. Through a sequence of events, he uncovers the disturbing truth about Jia and Vijay. Shridhar questions Vijay and realises that things are serious between Jia and him. Vijay confesses his love for Jia to Amrita, leaving her shattered. Rishi , the unrequited lover of Jia, visits to surprise her on her birthday. Shridhar tells Vijay to objectively look at things and decide if he is right for Jia. Vijay realises that the relationship with Jia is not the best for her and tells her to leave. Jia is heartbroken, calls him a hypocrite, and leaves with Rishi. The family is still in pieces after Jia's departure: Ritu leaves for America, and Amrita is unable to forgive her husband. Vijay relives his moments with Jia all the time. He drives for hours and finally stands on top of rocks ready to jump. But then he remembers his moments with Jia and returns home. Shridhar asks Vijay where he had gone and Vijay tells him he had gone to die. The film ends with his conversation with Vijay saying that he is not scared of death. He says he has nothing left to live for, no wife, no daughter, no Jia. But he came back as he wants to live for a while with Jia's memory; that's all."] ['The start of the film is set in 1951. In a small village of Idar in Sabarkantha District North Gujarat, a young man named Gurukant Desai  dreams of making it big some day. His father , the headmaster of the village school, tells him that dreams never come true. Gurukant a.k.a. "Guru" decides to go to Turkey and enter the spice trade; later, he is promoted but refuses the job because he wants to work for himself. Back in his village, he marries Sujata , mainly because of the dowry she brings him. Along with Sujata and her brother Jignesh , Guru migrates to Mumbai and starts trading in cloth. Gradually, he expands his business and sets up manufacturing units of his own, under the name Shakti Corporation. Manik Dasgupta a.k.a. Nanaji , who publishes a newspaper Swatantra, treats Guru as his son. Guru likewise looks to him as a father figure who gives him support during his early days of struggle in Bombay. He also develops a strong friendship with Meenu , granddaughter of Dasgupta. Meenu develops multiple sclerosis as she grows up, and begins using a wheelchair. As Gurukant Desai\'s business grows into one of the largest in India, he ruthlessly pursues success. He smuggles machine parts for his polyester mills, illegally creates goods, and manipulates stocks to make a higher profit. But when Manik Dasgupta learns that Guru\'s means of success are not always honest, he, along with a reporter of his newspaper, Shyam , decide to expose Guru\'s increasingly corrupt ways. The stress of his battle with the newspaper causes Guru to have a stroke, and he is paralyzed on his right side. Meanwhile, Meenu , who is now married to Shyam, is slowly weakening from her illness, and eventually dies. In the end, Guru is brought before a government inquiry into his unethical actions, but delivers a speech in front of the press that forces the government to clear him of most of the charges. He is charged with lesser offences and is allowed to return to his company. The story ends with Guru continuing to dream of the future and even greater success for the Shakti companies.'] ["An unemployed young man named Deepak  saves Aarti Gupta , a hardworking and dedicated doctor, from drowning, and the two eventually fall in love with each other, although she is already engaged to Dr. Prakash . Although Aarti's father firmly disapproves of this relationship, Deepak and Aarti marry. She moves in with him and his family, which includes his brother, Niranjan , his sister-in-law, Jaswanti , their three children, and Deepak's father . That leaves the humiliated Prakash determined to get Aarti back, whatever he may have to do. He manages to bring a discord in their marital life, so much so that Deepak asks Aarti to leave, and she returns home to her father. This is followed by Deepak having a serious accident, when Prakash is the only surgeon who can operate on him. He agrees to operate on him only if Aarti promises to come back to him and forget her husband."] ['The film begins with a quick flashback into the life of Bharti Rai , the daughter of Chief Minister Ramnath Rai . Influenced by leftist ideology, she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal . Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar, who, guilt-ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman, leaves for parts unknown, having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant. Upon the child\'s birth, he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal , Bharti\'s brother. Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap , the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap . Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party. The story then shifts to present, where, the government in the state collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke. In the hospital, he hands over power to his brother Chandra. Chandra\'s son, Prithviraj Pratap  tries to take advantage of his father\'s power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party, which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap . Chandra also starts to take side with his son, sidelining Veerendra. When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader, Sooraj Kumar , who is chosen by the common people, Veerendra gives his support to Sooraj. Unknown to all, Sooraj is Bharti\'s abandoned son, who was found and raised by Pratap family\'s driver. When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out of his own father\'s party, he asks Sooraj for help. Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car, while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son, Samar Pratap . In an ensuing drama, Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for a true case of raping a woman party worker . Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother, promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S.. However, Samar does not keep his promise and he, along with Prithvi, begins rallying public support. After Bhanu officially expels Prithvi, the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under "Jana Shakti party", a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive. Meanwhile Samar\'s American girlfriend Sarah ([[Sarah Thompson  arrives in India to see the situation. To raise funds for the new party, Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi\'s marriage to their childhood friend Indu , the daughter of a powerful businessman. Indu had always loved Samar, however, Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah. The film gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections. Allegations and counter-allegations are made. Subsequently, Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra, and decides to take revenge. On the other hand, Prithvi executes the former police officer, who had arrested him, and the woman worker at a farmhouse. Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar, being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks. Amidst of all the events, Indu realizes her love for Prithvi and Prithvi accepts her love in return. Also, Sarah is revealed to be pregnant with Samar\'s child and Samar promises Sarah that he will go to America with her and leave politics. A car bomb is planted in Samar\'s car. Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah, who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car. He manages to save Samar but gets killed while trying to save Sarah in vain. Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate. He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single-handedly. Meanwhile, Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti, who implores him to join his younger brother Samar. Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave. Exit polls predict a victory for Indu\'s Party and on the counting day, Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumor about electronic voting machine being hacked. Veerendra and Sooraj fall in the trap and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men. Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital, but Veerendra dies on the way. Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act, but Gopal convinces him to take the revenge. Samar shoots Sooraj and takes the revenge for the destruction of his family. Later the election results are declared, and Indu emerges with majority and is made Chief Minister. Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu. Explaining his decision to return to America, he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the "inner devil" . Indu is also revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi\'s child, while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah\'s mother and settle there.'] ["Tharadas is a ruthless smuggler whose uncle was murdered by Rajesh. Rajesh is married to Thulasi who has dark past with Tharadas. Tharadas's cousin kills Rajesh and accuses Tharadas of the murder. Rajesh's partner Prasad and Thulasi get revenge on Tharadas, and Tharadas kills Chandu in turn. This film broke several Box Office Records and was the 3rd highest grosser in 1984. {{citation needed}}"] ['The film opens with the birth of Baba , who is a \'baba amsa sambhootudu\'. Baba grows up as an atheist, hot-blooded guy and a Good Samaritan. His life style includes consuming alcohol, smoking beedi, chewing paan parag, His mother ([[Sujatha  and his maternal uncle  are ardent devotees of Mahavatar Babaji . Chamundeswari  stays in the neighborhood of Baba and they fall in love. Baba involves in a physical feud with the son of a state minister Ippo Ramaswamy . Ramaswamy demolishes the colony of Baba. When Baba is about to go to fight with Ramaswamy, Baba\'s mother urges him to maintain calm and rebuild lost colony it by working hard. Baba joins as a labor in a shop and earns money. Chamundeswari tells Baba that she is not willing to marry a daily labor. Then Baba realizes that so far he has been only answerable for his mother. And if he gets married then he has to live for wife and kids. And he would become answerable to them. He would not be able to help for the society as he might become selfish after marriage. He feels that prema  is maya . At that time, a weird looking sadhu comes to him and tell him that its time for getting enlightened. Baba is taken to Himalayas where he meets the real Baba. He gets frightened by the atmosphere and wishes to return back to Chennai. Then real Baba grants 7 wishes to Baba. He can use any of these wishes anytime he wishes to utilize. Baba is sent back to Chennai. Baba still could not believe that he went to Himalayas met real Baba. He uses that mantra to test the power by wishing a flying kite to come and fall in his hand. He waits for a few seconds and decide that it was all his illusion. Later the kite follows him to his house and falls on his hand. He feels that its coincidental and tries the mantra again to a different kite and wishes it to fall on his lap. He goes into his house and closes all the possible entries in the house. But the kite makes its way and falls on his lap. That is where he realizes that Baba is real and God exists in the world. He still has five more wishes left. And the minister Ramaswamy comes to know about it. They call a tantrik  to foil Baba\'s magic powers. Baba spends 3 more wishes for trivial things. The sixth wish is used to revive a patient fighting for his life. Ramaswamy\'s boss Purushottaman wants to become the permanent chief minister of the state using Baba\'s boons. He also tries to kill Baba but this attempt fails due to the blessings of Babaji. The final wish is then used to install an unselfish chief minister for the state. Once his wishes are used up, Baba has the choice of living with Babaji at the Himalayas or returning to his life in the material world. But when Baba is just about to ascend to the Himalayas, the villains kill the loyal chief minister. Baba turns back and the film ends with the tag "To be continued...." .'] ['Neela  is in police custody for committing a murder. Believing that she did it, she confesses. When renowned lawyer Rajeshwar  decides to represent her, he accepts her guilt, but as he goes deep into the details of her story and the circumstances, he is not sure any more. What could have placed Neela at the scene of this heinous crime? Eventually it is revealed that Neela\'s employer Beni Prasad is the mastermind behind Neela\'s imprisonment. He is after her property and devises a plan in which Ranjan, Neela\'s co-actor, is to act as if he is in love with her and get her will signed. But on the night Ranjan has taken the papers to Neela and is just getting them signed, he changes his mind. He was about to surrender and tell the whole truth when Neela held him at gunpoint &mdash; just before he could tell the name of his employer he was shot. Neela believes it\'s she who had killed him whereas it was Beni Prasad who was hiding and listening had shot Ranjan dead. Rajesh disguises himself and appears at the court on the final day and accuses Beni Prasad and tells the whole story. In the whole story CID ([[Johnny Walker  aids him as well as Kalu a street beggar who pretends to be blind acts as a witness. The final scene shows Rajesh driving his car and telling "what do i get?? ...money, fame and nothing else!!" when he images Neela talking to him...answering his questions. At last Neela appears from the back of the car and the happy couple are reunited and are said to be really in love. The movie ends with Rajesh and Neela driving the car to the song "Jo Ijaazat Ho To Ek Baat".'] ["Meeta Sen  and Amar Sen  have been married for several years. Due to Amar's hectic work schedule, the couple did not have children, as there was no time for intimacy. Meeta decides to take matters into her own hands, gets rid of the servants, save for Hari , and decides to run the household on her own. This gets the couple to be closer, and eventually they do get intimate. And then Meeta's old flame Shashi Bhushan  not only re-enters Meeta's life, but also gets employed in the same organization as Amar, throwing their marriage again in jeopardy."] ['Ranjeet Thadani  is a music producer married to Sheetal  a singer. Ranjeet and his friends get together every Friday for a party. This is a different kind of party where they invite idiots to ridicule them behind the scenes and calling them "talent". They enjoy doing it so much that they don\'t even mind missing out on family appointments. One of Ranjeet\'s friends meets Bharat Bhushan , an inspector for the income tax department, on a trip to Pune and decides that he could probably be a source of entertainment for Ranjeet. Ranjeet promptly calls Bharat and invites him for dinner. Bharat is a talkative self promoting singer who carries with him a scrap book showcasing his musical life. He is excited at the prospect of meeting a music producer which might help advance his career as a singer. Bharat is kind-hearted and wants to help everyone but he also has the ability to mess things up for people around him. He can be annoying to the person who is sitting next to him but he makes it a funny experience for everyone else watching him. Friday arrives but Ranjeet\'s back is sprained badly and is restricted from moving around. Ranjeet knows that he will not be able to make it to the party but still decides to meet with Bharat to see how good or rather bad he is. Before Bharat arrives at Ranjeet\'s residence, Sheetal leaves after an altercation with Ranjeet. When Ranjeet asks Bharat to call his family doctor, he accidentally calls Ranjeet\'s girlfriend Suman Rao . Ranjeet asks Bharat to leave his home for all the mess he has created. Ranjeet tries to get information regarding Sheetal\'s whereabout. Bharat offers to help and calls Sheetal\'s previous boyfriend Anant Ghoshal  under a false identity. Instead, he ends up giving Ranjeet\'s Landline number that makes it obvious to Anant that Ranjeet is trying to get all details. Anant tells Ranjeet that Sheetal might have gone to Keval Arora, a sex-freak. It turns out that a colleague of Bharat, Asif Merchant , who is also an inspector for the income tax department, knows the whereabouts of Keval. Asif is a snobby character who loves to watch cricket and is an ardent fan of Pakistan. Later, it turns out in a series of funny events that it was Asif\'s wife who is with Keval Arora. While trying to mend the relationship between Ranjeet and Sheetal, Suman tells Bharat that he was called by Ranjeet to make a fool of him and have fun at his expense. This hurts Bharat, but the good-hearted Bharat still wants to help Ranjeet by letting Sheetal know how sorry Ranjeet is because of his acts and how much he loves her. However, he again messes up and the film ends on a funny note.'] ['Avinash  comes to Calcutta to search for his only son and finds himself engulfed with too many people interested in him. His only lead is a telephone number given to him by a cop before coming to Calcutta. As soon, as he lands in Calcutta, he needs a place to stay. Here, he meets Reema aka Bulbul , a bubbly novelist who is supposed to be doing research for her novel. The room that Avinash gets is occupied by Bulbul. She refuses to vacate so Avinash stays there too . Bulbul falls in love with Avinash and becomes the light in his dark life. There are flashbacks throughout the movie. Sanjana  and Avinash once lived in Calcutta with their only child, a son. One day, Avinash witnessed a crime being committed and came to the assistance of the victim, taking him to hospital. This did not augur well with his assailants, and they killed Sanjana and abducted their child. The police was involved but was unable to trace the child. A heartbroken and desperate Avinash decides to take matters into his own hands and begins inquiring. His inquiries take him to Mumbai via the Calcutta Mail, and this is where he will find out whether his son is alive or not, or whether he himself has been lured into a deadly trap.'] [' The film opens with a poison-gas attack on a Kolkata Metro Rail compartment, killing the passengers on board. Two years after the incident, a London-based pregnant software engineer Vidya Bagchi  arrives in Kolkata during Durga Puja festivities in search of her missing husband, Arnab Bagchi. A police officer Satyaki "Rana" Sinha  offers her help. Although Vidya claims that Arnab came on an assignment for the National Data Center , initial probes suggest that no person named Arnab was working in NDC. Agnes D\'mello, the human resources head at the NDC, suggests to Vidya that her husband resembled Milan Damji , an ex-employee of NDC. Before Agnes can obtain Damji\'s records, she is killed by Bob Biswas , an assassin working undercover as a life insurance agent. Vidya and Rana break into the old office of NDC to collect documents on Damji. They barely manage to escape a close brush with Bob, who is also looking for the documents. Meanwhile, the attempts to obtain Damji\'s records rattle two Intelligence Bureau  officials — the chief Bhaskaran K.  and his deputy Khan . Khan arrives in Kolkata and reveals that Damji was an IB agent gone rogue and was responsible for the poison-gas attack. In spite of warnings by Khan, Vidya continues her relentless search, fearing that Arnab\'s resemblance to Damji has led him into trouble. The residential address on Damji\'s record leads Vidya and Rana to a dilapidated flat. An errand boy of the neighbourhood tea stall, Poltu, informs them that the resident of that flat occasionally had a visitor. Poltu identifies R. Sridhar, an officer of NDC, as the person who had visited Damji\'s flat. This leads Sridhar to instruct Bob to kill Vidya. Following a failed attempt to kill Vidya, Bob is run over by a tempo during a chase. Examination of Bob\'s mobile phone leads Vidya and Rana to an IP address sending instructions to kill her. They break into Sridhar\'s office to verify his IP address but Sridhar gets alerted electronically, and returns to his office pursuing the duo. Following a scuffle, Vidya shoots Sridhar accidentally which upsets Khan as he wanted Sridhar alive. Khan reveals that Rana had been working for him all along, using Vidya as a tool. Although not happy at being used as a ploy, Vidya agrees to help Khan on his request but ignores Rana. Sridhar\'s computer data reveals a code which is deciphered to be Bhaskaran\'s phone number. Vidya calls Bhaskaran to tell him that she has retrieved sensitive documents from Sridhar\'s office and if Bhaskaran helps Vidya find her husband, she would hand over the documents to him. Bhaskaran tells Vidya to contact the local police as he is not associated with this. However, Vidya soon gets a call from an unknown number, warning her that she should hand over the documents to the caller if she wishes to see her husband alive. Khan thinks the caller is Milan Damji. As instructed, Vidya goes to meet Damji, with Rana and Khan in pursuit. During their negotiations about the documents and the whereabouts of her husband, Damji attacks Vidya hitting her in the abdomen. He points his gun at Vidya to kill her, but is thwarted by the prosthetic abdomen which Vidya has been using to fake her pregnancy. She kills a baffled Damji and flees into the crowd nearby before the arrival of police, leaving a thank-you note for Rana and a pen drive containing data from Sridhar\'s computer. Rana, based on several past incidences, deduces that no Vidya or Arnab Bagchi ever existed. It is she who has been using the police and the IB for her task. The data from the drive leads to Bhaskaran\'s arrest. Vidya is revealed as the widow of Arup Basu , an IB officer and a colleague of Damji, who was killed in the poison-gas attack. In her mission to take revenge of her husband\'s death, Vidya was helped by retired IB officer colonel Pratap Bajpayee , who suspected the involvement of one of the top IB officials in the attack.'] [' Ramprasad Dashrathprasad Sharma  is looking for a better paying job. He and his sister Ratna  have no relatives or acquaintances except Dr. Kedar ([[David . Dr.Kedar tells him about Bhavani Shankar\'s  firm. Shankar is a weird man. He is a man of traditional values, hence he naturally hates youth wearing modern clothes. He is a sports fan, but thinks lowly of youth knowing anything about sports. But his most weird trait is hatred towards men without moustaches. He thinks that men without moustache\'s are characterless. Ramprasad has a moustache, so Bhavani\'s hatred is no problem to him. He takes care of other problems by wearing kurta & feigning ignorance about sports. Bhavani hires him immediately. Ram is a hardworking guy, so Bhavani  have no problems. However, Ram once takes leave by pretending that his mother  has taken ill, and goes to watch a hockey match. Bhavani Shankar, who also attended the match, sees him there. The next day Bhavani summons Ramprasad to his office and asks him about the Hocky Test match. Remembering the plot of a movie a friend of his is shooting, Ram convinces Bhavani Shankar that he had seen his "moustache-less" identical twin Lucky  at the stadium. Bhavani Shankar buys his argument & feels bad about accusing him and decides to make amends by hiring Lucky to teach his daughter Urmila  music. Ramprasad reluctantly shaves his moustache to become Lucky and starts to teach music to Urmila. He is helped by his actor friend Deven Verma . Now Urmila aka Urmi is the exact opposite of her father. She takes immediate liking to Lucky, while Ram is barely noticed by her. Bhavani notices this & gives Ram another job to tutor on the pretext of her exams. Meanwhile, Mrs. Srivastav , a socialite, is roped to play the part of Ram, "Lakshman" & Ratna\'s mother. Like Ram, she also ends up playing her own twin in front of Bhavani. Ram decides to tell Urmila the truth. Urmila tells him to tell the truth to Bhavani as well. Ram goes to Bhavani to tell the truth, but Bhavani sees Ram\'s moustache giving away. Bhavani exposes Ram, but ends up thinking that Lucky murdered Ram & impersonated him to marry Urmila. In a hilarious chase that follows, Bhavani ends up totalling a police jeep. The Senior Inspector  mistakes him for a thug named Pascal D\'Costa & is about to lock him up in the jail. Only when his Inspector identifies Bhavani Shankar by his real identity is he freed. By now, a harried Bhavani has developed hatred for twin as well. On coming home, he finds that Urmila & Lucky are married. He refuses to give them blessings, until Dr.Kedar comes to the scene & explains the whole situation. Now, Bhavani becomes even more furious, but on everybody\'s insistence, relents. The film ends with a family photo of Mrs.Srivastav, Ratna, Urmila, Ram, Dr.Kedar, Bhavani\'s sister Kalindi  & Bhavani .'] ["Dileep  is a successful businessman with a dark side. He preys on nubile girls and rapes and kills them. These proceedings are video-recorded and watched by his adoptive father and mentor, another deranged woman-hater who, as with Dileep, had a disillusioning experience with the female sex in his past. The old man stays holed up in a far corner of Dileep's mansion watching his son carry out what he is too infirm to do. The murdered girls are buried in Dileep's garden and a rosebush is grown above. Dileep chances upon an undergarments salesgirl, Sarada , and develops an attraction for her. Sarada, a conservative woman, insists that Dileep must marry her if he wants to have his way with her. The romance proceeds, and appears to be Dileep's salvation before things begin to collapse for him. On his marriage day, Sarada stumbles upon a diary containing details of his deranged life and, and names of the girls he had killed scribbled on the walls of one of the rooms in his large house. Sarada, meanwhile stumbles upon Dileep's father, whom Dileep had told her was retarded and was not to be disturbed, and gets the shock of her life. She somehow manages to shut him in and tries to run out but as she prepares to leave, Dileep returns. As Sarada tries to act normal while planning to escape, Dileep finds that his father has been locked in and when he saves his father, he realizes that Sarada knows the truth about his deeds. A tense chase ensues, which ends in a graveyard in the dead of night, with Dileep stumbling and falling on a cross which pierces him. In the ensuing chase, Dileep is caught by the police. He is subsequently jailed but gets mentally retarded and loses his bloodthirsty ways. He keeps repeating Sarada's name, as it is his only coherent thought, and all other memories have been erased from his mind."] ['Raj , an aggressive stock-broker in a prosperous broking firm and Abha , a marketing professional are a couple in their early-thirties. They move into a new 2-bedroom flat in a Mumbai suburb expecting peace and quiet. Life is sweet as their promising careers now seem to be nicely complemented by domestic stability. Cracks start appearing in their ideal existence when Raj who is light sleeper is disturbed by noises at nights. They wake him several times in the nights . Finally one night, Raj goes down to investigate and discovers that it is the night watchman blowing the whistle periodically in the night to scare thieves away. Raj scolds the watchman and forbids him from making any further noise but the secretary, Janardan  insists on the whistling continuing for building security. Raj tries to garner support from fellow-residents but to no avail. An issue that starts out lightly and amusingly trivial begins to escalate to take the shape of a serious problem for Raj. He begins to slowly go to pieces. Not being able to sleep at night begins to take a serious toll on him, both professionally and personally. At work, he becomes edgy and his usual smart sense of judgment suffers. At home, he becomes obsessed with any loud noises in the environment. His disgust at being unable to solve a seemingly simple problem such as this begins to drive him crazy. Moreover, to his great irritation, no-one really sympathizes with his problem - not Abha, not Dev  - his friend at work, not any of the neighbours. It annoys Raj immensely, because he genuinely believes that this nightly noise-making is an illogical, uncivilized act . "Hulla" is story of a simple annoyance affecting a person\'s life and bringing about dramatic unexpected change that brings the real character and emotions of the Raj and the people surrounding him, to the fore.'] ["During a Buzkashi competition with a neighboring tribe in Afghanistan, Badshah Khan  falls in love with Benazir  and wants to marry her. Benazir agrees to marry him on the condition that he must bring her the head of Habibulla who killed her father. Badshah Khan goes to India to search for Habibullah. He finds Habibullah in a prison and breaks him out to take him back. He has the jailer Ranveer Sethi  on his trail. In the end he chops off Habibulla's head. He told Ranveer that he would be back in one month to receive punishment  for taking Habibulla. Badshah goes back to Afghanistan and marries Benazir; after the time limit he comes back to India and surrenders himself to Ranveer and is jailed for five years. While he is away he leaves his childhood friend Khuda Baksh  to take care of his wife. To avenge Habibulla's death, his brother Pasha  kidnaps the daughter of jailer Ranveer in return for Badshah. Badshah finds out about this and escapes from jail; he confronts Pasha, only to have Inspector Aziz Mirza  kill Ranveer. With Ranveer's daughter as a pawn in Pasha's hands, Badshah admits to killing Ranveer and is sentenced to 15 years. When Aziz's wife  visits him, she ends up killing her husband to protect Badshah, but Badshah takes the blame for that murder as well since he believes that her son Raja needs her. At that time, Benazir sends Khuda Baksh to check on Badshah. Due to his very long stay in prison, Badshah makes Khuda Baksh promise to take care of his daughter Mehndi and tell his wife Benazir that he is now dead, so that she can move on rather than wait for him. Benazir goes mad when she hears the news that her husband is dead. On coming out of prison, Badshah meets with his now grown daughter, Mehndi , who has found out the truth finally and has come to India to look for her father; the daughter of Ranveer, Henna Sethi  who is also in the police force and knows all about Badshah's past and respects him as her uncle; and the son of Inspector Aziz Mirza, Raja , who has found out that it was Badshah who had killed his father and is out for vengeance. In a twist of fate, Raja is in love with Mehndi, even though he wants to kill her father. In this are added old enemies and rivalries when Pasha, now a major drug lord, becomes involved. Benazir and Khuda Baksh are kidnapped by him. The truth is revealed to Raja about his father, and all of them join together to beat their mutual enemy."] ["Babla  is a kid who lives in a village with his mother . His mother sends him to his sister's  place  so that he can go to a good school. Initially, Babla likes both school as well as sister's home very much and becomes a good friend with Pappu , his classmate. They roam around in streets, watch street magic show and wish they could do such tricks, look inquisitively at how sweets are made, make fun of teacher etc. They enjoy, as any kid will, all these things thoroughly. But Babla gets reminded of the harsh reality of life when his sister and brother-in-law starts scolding him for his disinterest in studies and complaints from the school regarding his so-called irresponsible behavior . He gets to realize that nobody understands kids, their innocence, their view of life and he will have to grow up to enjoy life fully. One thing leads to another and one day Babla decides that he will be better off living with his mother in village. He runs off and get on a train. Since he does not have any ticket, ticket-master catches him and makes him get off on the next station. In the night he feels cold and look around for some shelter. He finds an old woman sleeping in a blanket and lie down besides her sharing the blanket. In the morning, finding the old beggar woman still sleeping, he picks up a coin from her container and goes off to drink water. While drinking water he sees that lot of people have gathered around the old lady. He goes there and finds out that the lady he had been sleeping with was dead. He gets scared to his core and realizes that life is, in fact, not that simple for those who are poor. He puts back the coin he had taken and run off to his mother's place. There he finds his mother, sister and brother-in-law worrying about him. They are overjoyed to see Babla back and Babla promises to everyone that he will study sincerely and never create troubles for anyone."] ["Sunder Srivastava  is a young graduate whose main ambition in life is to fulfill his father's dream of starting a school on his half-acre property in his village, though he has no funds to execute his plans. Sunder's childhood friend Prem, a seasoned conman in Mumbai, convinces the gullible Sunder to mortgage. When Sunder comes to Mumbai, Prem has fleed with his money. To make matters worse, he has neither food nor shelter in this new town. Sunder is forced to take shelter in a Christian cemetery. Sunder starts cursing his stars & venting his anger. Somebody responds to him, but Sunder doesn't know who talked. He asks the responder his identity. The responder cannot be seen, but is as surprised as Sunder himself. The responder asks Sunder whether the latter can really hear him. Sunder realizes that he has been talking with a ghost & panics. The ghost suddenly becomes visible to Sunder & introduces himself as Amar Kumar alias Marco . Marco tells Sunder that only he can help Sunder & vice versa. Marco tells his story. Marco was an underworld gangster who fell in love with one Savitri Kaul , daughter of one Mr. Kaul . Savitri declined to marry him if he did not leave his ways. To show that he was serious, Marco had planned had resolved to give up crime. This did not bode good with his protégé Kunta, who wanted to become as big as Marco himself. On his wedding night, Marco was kidnapped & killed by Kunta, after which he was buried there. Marco tells Sunil that many crimes taking place in the city under his name are actually done by Kunta & his minions. Marco tells Sunder that due to his sins, he cannot attain redemption. Marco was foretold that only his saviour would be able to see & hear him, so Sunder has to help him. Sunder declines, but Marco surprises him by reminding him of his dream, about which Sunder had not told a thing to Marco. Marco tells him that he wants to see Savitri & Mr. Kaul. He also tells that he cannot touch or harm anybody until time comes. Marco manages to get Sunder a post as games teacher in a school run by Mr. Kaul. Marco is angered to know some time after his murder, Kunta spread the news that Marco had fled the country. Kunta's henchmen tried to rape Savitri, but she committed suicide. Marco is surprised to know that he has a daughter from Savitri called Mala. What really ticks off Marco is that the school lacks appropriate funding & Kunta is trying to usurp its land. Marco gets more than enough fuel to feed his vengeance. Mala & Sunder start falling in love. Marco helps this story & keeps Kunta's goons away for some time. Later, Marco shows a secret room to Sunder where he had kept all his loot. The room was not known to Kunta or anybody else, so Marco proposes that an anonymous donation be made, which will be more than enough to save the school & help Sunder. However, due to their oversight, Kunta finds out that room. Marco loses all his money. In a desperate bid, Marco steals some money & bets to double the money. Sunder is held responsible for the theft, although no proof is present. Marco tells the truth to Sunder, on which latter has a fallout with him. Sunder decides to fight, regardless of the pressure. A cricket match between Sunder's team & team headed by Kunta's son is to take place. This is a life & death match. Marco is sceptical, since he knows that Sunder's team doesn't have a fighting chance. Marco tries to amend things, but Sunder firmly tells that he will win this thing fair & square. However, on seeing the team being trounced very badly, Sunder relents & forces Marco to help them. With help of Marco's spirit, Sunder tilts the sides. Sunder has had a brief meeting with Kunta earlier. Kunta is suspicious that Sunder knows his secret. In a desperate attempt, he abducts Sunder along with Mala & buries them alive in the very place he had buried Marco. Marco succeeds in saving the duo after which he starts overpowering Kunta's goons. Finally, Marco tries to kill Kunta. Kunta is surprised, shocked & unable to understand what is happening. The police arrive on the crime scene & are surprised to see a shocked Kunta hanging midair without any support. Sunder confronts Kunta, who confesses the truth. On Sunder's cajoling, Marco leaves Kunta alive. Sunder tells the whole story to Mr. Kaul & Mala. In the end, Sunder succeeds in his mission & gets married to Mala. Marco comes in the form of a spirit & blesses the duo, before ascending to heaven. Marco advises that he got a second chance, but whoever is alive must get their act in order, since they may not get one. As he goes, Marco warns the youths that although he came back to life for a second chance to do the right thing, they will not have the same chance; they therefore must make the best of what chances they have."] ["Siddharth Mathur , a shy young scientist, travels to Mauritius for his elder brother Harsh's  wedding. Accompanying him is his mother Gayatri , a reluctant traveller since she is angry at Harsh for deciding to get married without consulting them. Also travelling is Siddharth's cheery father Navin , whose sole entertainment is pulling Gayatri's leg. Harsh, pre-occupied with work, can spend little time with his family and it is left to his fiancée Aaliyah  to show them around Mauritius before the wedding. However, Ma's anger at Harsh ensures that she takes an instant dislike for Aaliyah, and it is Aaliyah and Siddharth who end up spending loads of time together. This, added to the fact that Aaliyah feels neglected by the career-obsessed Harsh, leads to them being irresistibly drawn to each other. A horrified Siddharth battles this attraction desperately, but Aaliyah has fallen madly in love and pursues him with single-minded determination. When Siddharth’s defences start crumbling and Ma starts getting suspicious, all hell breaks loose in the Mathur family."] ["The Indian army are working on Project Milaap - a project designed to end the long-lasting conflict between India and Pakistan. The project is simple - Indian prisoners will be released from Pakistan and Pakistani prisoners will be released from India. General Amar Singh Bakshi  and Brigadier Shekhar Sharma  both wish to see Project milaap turn into a reality. However, dreaded terrorist Raghavan, ex-army Major  will do anything to stop this project - he has a grudge against Pakistanis ever since his son was murdered by them. During a television show about the project, Raghavan and his men attack the General. However, they are soon stopped by Major Ram Prasad Sharma  the son of Brigader Sharma. However, Shekhar is shot when he tries to stop Raghavan from killing the General. As Shekhar is on his death bed, he tells Ram that he also has another son named Lakshman  and a wife Madhu , both of whom left him when he committed adultery 20 years ago. Shekhar's last wish is for Ram, Lakshman and Madhu to bury his ashes. General Bakshi learns that Raghavan is targeting his daughter Sanjana . He tells Ram to go to her college in Darjeeling to protect his daughter - although, Ram has to pose as a student who is returning to complete his unfinished education. Ram agrees to go, especially when he learns that Madhu and Lakshman live in that town and that Lakshman is also a student at the college. At the college, Lakshaman is better known as Lucky, he is some what of an inspiration because he has failed his last year exams three times. He is also best friends with Sanjana, who is in love with him. Ram meets them both, he does not realise that Lucky is in fact his brother. At first, the two do not like him and go out of their way to make his life hell. Ram soons learns that Lucky is his brother - when Ram saves Lucky, he earns both his and Sanjana's friendship. Ram also becomes smitten with the Chemistry teacher Chandini . Meanwhile, Raghavan has arrived in Darjeeling and sends one of his men, Khan to shoot Sanjana's friend Percy - he wants the General to know that if he can kill one of Sanjana's friends, he can easily kill Sanjana too. When Khan goes to do this, Ram is able to stop him and has him arrested. Raghavan learns about this and is enraged - not only that Khan has been arrested but that Ram is at the college. It is revealed that Raghavan was once an army officer  who killed innocent Pakistanis and as a result, lost his place in the army. Ram is soon invited to stay at Lucky's house - he shares a special bond with Madhu - Ram manages to hide his true identity. At the college, Ram constantly flirts with Chandini - she gets irritated but at the same time, seems to have feelings for him. Lucky and Sanjana also start to fall in love, once Sanjana changes her tomboy image. Raghavan sends his men to kidnap the Physics teacher Mr. Rasai  so he can replace him. He arrives in college, Ram does not recognise him as his father's murderer. On prom night, Chandini finally admits she has fallen in love with Ram. She is soon abducted by one of Raghavan's men but Ram saves her. Sanjana and Ram arrive at her hostel and find General Bakshi there. Later, Madhu and Lucky learn about Ram's true identity and throw him out of the house - just as he leaves, he tells them about Shekhar's death. Ram leaves the college but rushes back when he hears that Raghavan has taken everyone hostage until Project milaap ends. Ram is forced to release Khan and come to the college in handcuffs. At college, Ram confronts Raghavan - Khan shoots Ram and everybody believes Ram is now dead. However, it turns out that Ram was wearing a bulletproof vest. Khan realises that Ram was right all along - he frees him and encourages him to save everyone and bids him goodbye. Ram manages to kill all of Raghavan's men and releases everyone. Raghavan kills Khan when he learns of his betrayal. Ram and Raghavan soon fight one another in a deserted place. Whilst they are fighting, Project milaap takes place. Soon, Ram and Raghavan are on the roof and Raghavan attempts to shoot Ram. Lucky arrives in a helicopter to save his brother. Ram reveals that he has taken the pin out of one of Raghavan's grenades. As Ram escapes, Raghavan dies in the explosion. Later, Ram and Lucky both throw their father's ashes into the river with their mother watching sadly. Lucky finally graduates. The end titles come up with a music video set during the graduation carnival."] ['The story revolves around Sheikh who has lots of properties, and recovering taxes and dues on them. He lives in a palatial house with his wife, Zubeda, and son, Ahmad. When Ahmad grows up, Zubeda notices that he is spending too much time with women in their harem, and wants his father to get him involved in their business. Later Ahmad mend his ways, give up on Yasmin and return home, where he has planned his marriage with Nadira. He refuses to marry Nadira, and runs away from home. What happens is Ahmad life is the next part of the story?'] [" * Shashi Kapoor as Javed Khan * Jennifer Kendal as Mariam Labadoor * Naseeruddin Shah as Sarfaraz Khan * Shabana Azmi as Firdaus, Javed Khan's wife * Nafisa Ali as Ruth Labadoor * Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Lala Ramjimal * Sushma Seth as Javed Khan's chachi * Tom Alter as Mr. Labadoor * Amrish Puri as the Narrator  The story is set around the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Javed Khan  is a feckless feudal chieftain, whose world revolves around breeding carrier pigeons. His younger brother, Sarfaraz Khan  is politically awakened and actively plots the fight for Indian Independence. Freedom fighters attack the local British administrators while they are in Sunday Worship at Church, massacring them all. Miriam Labadoor  manages to escape with her daughter, Ruth  and seeks refuge with the wealthy Hindu family of Lala Ramjimal . Lala is torn between his loyalties for India and his privileged position under the British. However, matters are taken out of his hand by Javed Khan who barges in Lala's house and forcibly takes away Ruth and her family to his own house. This leads to jealousy on part of his wife, Firdaus  and anger on part of his brother, who ultimately gives in to the Indian tradition of offering hospitality and sanctuary even to uninvited guests. Various situations ensue due to cultural misunderstandings in the domestic routine of the Muslim household with its new English guests. Javed falls in love with Ruth, and wants to marry her but is opposed bitterly by her mother. There are simmerings of a love affair under the watchful suspicious eyes of Firdaus. Meanwhile the Rebellion runs into problems and the British are defeating the ill-organized Indian forces. In a stormy scene, Sarfaraz destroys Javed's pigeon coops and sets his pets aflight after he finds out that Indian forces have lost the Battle for Delhi. There is a delayed recognition by Javed of his subjugated identity as an Indian colonised by the British. Sarfaraz dies in a battle against the British. The Labadoors return to the protection of the re-deployed British contingent, smuggled by Firdaus, who only wants to save her marriage. Javed finds out that Labadoors have sought sanctuary in the church and rushes there to meet Ruth one last time but is turned away by her mother. The movie ends here and the voiceover informs that Javed is martyred fighting the British while Ruth and her mother return to England. Ruth dies fifty five years later, still unwed."] ["The plot begins in the hospital where their dean is in the hospital and everyone discribes their pastand the story begins.In the school St. tresa Abhimanyu Singh a.k.a Abhi  comes from a middle-class family, is there on a scholarship, and wants to achieve great heights of success and prosperity; the first step to which will be the Student of the Year trophy. Rohan Nanda a.k.a Ro , is the son of a business tycoon, who grapples with a complex relationship with his father and knows that winning the Student Of the Year trophy will bag him the approval that he subconsciously craves for. When the two main protagonists with distinct backgrounds and clear goals clash with each other in the locker room, football field and the canteen, there is no question in anyone's mind that the preset equations of the St. Teresa's campus are about to change. When Abhi and Rohan's rivalry takes an unexpected turn to friendship, neither pre-empts the complications that would brew. Things are further knotted up when Shanaya Singhania , the most popular girl on the campus enters the equation. While Shanaya and Rohan are childhood sweethearts, Abhi's attraction for his best friend's girlfriend and Shanaya's quiet reciprocation causes a rift in their friendship that would have a long lasting impact. Towards the end of the term, the foes-turned-friends-turned foes, Abhi and Rohan, are ready for a face-off and battle lines are drawn through the length and breadth of the campus, with only one goal in everyone's eyes - Student Of The Year Trophy. As new ambitions are born and old loyalties fall by the wayside, each segment of the Student Of The Year competition manages to tear apart both, the participants and the spectators, to redefine the choices of the three protagonists."] ["Young Raj Malhotra  lives with his elder brother, Rohit; his sister-in-law Kiran, and a niece. After an accident fractures his leg, he is unable to walk for some time. Due to psychological reasons, he cannot walk even after the fracture heals. When the Malhotras move to Dehra Dun, Raj befriends young Kajal , as both share a common passion for airplanes. Kajal encourages Raj to walk, and succeeds. Years later the two continue to be fast friends, and everyone expects them to marry soon. Then Raj is recruited by the Indian Air Force and goes for training for a year and a half. After his training gets over, he rushes to Kajal to propose to her, only to find out that she has given her heart to a multimillionaire, Karan Singhania , who owns several airplanes and choppers. Raj congratulates Kajal and Karan, but does not reveal his true feelings. Thereafter the Malhotras move to Nainital, and Raj relocates to Europe for more training. It is here that he meets the gorgeous and fun-loving, Jiya . Jiya falls for Raj, but Raj, however is unable to take Kajal out of his mind. Later on, after much pleading and pressure from his family, Raj decides to marry Jiya and move on with his life. While visiting Jiya's family, Raj learns that Kajal is Jiya's sister-in-law. Also he comes face to face with the harsh truth that Kajal is a widow now after Karan's death in a plane crash. Kajal thinks that she is responsible for Karan's death and also loses her mental balance and ends up in a hospital after attempting suicide. Raj recovers Kajal from the depression and enables her to come face to face with life again, also he expresses his true feelings to her and proposes to her."] ['This is the story of Karan  and Tanya . Karan is in love with Tanya but is too shy to tell her. One day Tanya witnesses the murder of a scientist  by his evil twin brother, the underworld don Mehboob, and as a result is forced to flee the country to save her own life. The scientist had stored a secret code in a stuffed toy, now being sought by Mehboob, and he was able to hide the toy in Tanya\'s car before being killed. Unawares, Tanya leaves the toy at home before fleeing the country, and the toy is later picked up by Karan, who himself is not aware of Tanya\'s predicament. Three years later, still in love with Tanya, but depressed from her sudden and complete disappearance, Karan stumbles across old schoolmates of hers at a cafe, and discovers from them that she had been living in Dubai all this time. Karan coaxes his friend Murugan  to help him track down Tanya in Dubai. They enlist the aid of a local hustler and bounty hunter, Rocky . Rocky travels to Dubai, where his friend Babloo  has already tracked down Tanya, who has morphed into a famous singer/performer named Natasha. Rocky and Babloo stake Natasha\'s villa to make sure they are on the right track, but as soon as Rocky spots Natasha, its love at first sight. While he has Natasha under surveillance, Karan and Murugan arrive at the Dubai airport from India. Faced with a potential competitor to woo Natasha, Rocky attempts to eliminate Karan from the picture. Tanya, he informs Karan, is not the same girl he knew from three years ago, apparently she has been married twice since coming here and both her husbands died one by one and now she has three pairs of twins  and is also dating an underworld don. Karan is heartbroken to hear all this, and decides to go back to Mumbai, and is about to board his flight, when at the last moment, he spots a picture of Tanya  on a club advertisement printed across an airport Taxi. He is overjoyed, and assumes that Rocky made a mistake, and ended up tracking down someone else named Tanya, not being aware that Rocky is in fact trying to deceive him. Things are about to get more complicated, not only has Rocky to contend with Karan, there are two other guys already in her life trying to catch Natasha in their web of deceit. Local plumber, Sanju Malvani  has been currying favor with Natasha by pretending to be a paraplegic on crutches. Every time Natasha meets someone she likes, Sanju eliminates the competitor using a unique trick. He edits and prints out a fake newspaper featuring an article showing that person as a crook, and comes over to Natasha and shares "the news" with her while acting all shocked himself. Then there is Tanya\'s physically disabled live-in friend Tommy , who also has a soft spot for her. Having heard of the death of Tanya\'s disabled brother a year ago, Tommy has since faked being run over in a car accident and now acts like he himself is disabled and mentally challenged, thus managing to stay close to Natasha by seamlessly filling in the void left behind by her deceased brother. The most hilarious sequence of the movie commences at this point, as Rocky begins his attempted seduction of Natasha. Having wired the villa, and thus overheard what Natasha craves in a man, Rocky shows up at the local shopping mall, pretending to be an architect. Natasha, who is shopping at the mall, is ambushed in the parking lot by a bunch of thugs . Rocky intervenes, and after seemingly beating the daylights out of the supposed thugs, introduces himself to Natasha, and proceeds to show-off himself as a charming professional with a heart of gold. Somewhat awed, Natasha offers Rocky an invitation for tea later in the evening, which he accepts. When Rocky arrives at her villa later in the evening, he is confronted by several obstacles, Natasha\'s sister Sweety , the jealous Tommy and the family\'s pet dog. Rocky is easily able to charm Sweety, but has to drug the dog, who dies due to an overdose while the sisters are making Rocky a drink in the kitchen. Crisis is avoided when Rocky is able to revive the dog by electrocution using wiring from a lamp in the living room. The parties then quickly depart to the grand opening of Natasha\'s latest album at a social event, where Rocky now comes face to face with Sanju, who puts Rocky on the spot right away, as he himself is pretending to be an architect! The next day, suspicious of Tommy, Rocky and Babloo track down Tommy at a local disco where, unawares that he is being followed, Tommy shows up every week, for a little fun and dance away from his daily existence as a fake disabled victim. Rocky confronts Tommy while he is on the disco floor and threatens to expose him in front of Natasha. At the end, Rocky lets Tommy go, on the condition that the later will no longer attempt to get in his way of seducing Natasha. Having eliminated Tommy, and with Natasha and company under surveillance, Rocky now intercepts Sanju trying to discredit him at Natasha\'s home. Later, when the shocked Natasha confronts Rocky about him being an alleged imposter, Rocky is able to fast-talk his way out of the situation and convince the gullible Natasha that he is indeed not an architect, but a Captain on a ship, something his dad does not approve of, thus the ruse. The scene now shifts to the harbor, where Rocky, resplendently dressed as an immaculate ship\'s captain, has invited Natasha over for a cruise. While coddling her on the harbor front, Natasha spots Karan and Murugan sitting at the grounds. Unaware that Karan is in Dubai searching for her, she is overjoyed to see an old friend from her past. She introduces Karan to Rocky, not aware that they know each other quite well already! Murugan has to be held back by Karan, as he wants to knock Rocky\'s teeth out, having just realized that all this time Rocky was simply giving them the run-around in order to get his own hands on Natasha/Tanya. Karan seeing Rocky and Natasha/Tanya all smiles and happy, simply wants to leave them alone out of his love for Tanya. He just wants her to be happy, even if it is with Rocky and not himself, much to Murugan\'s frustration. While he tries to leave the scence, pretending that he and Murugan have a flight to catch, Natasha/Tanya convinces Karan to stay one more night in Dubai, and come over for dinner later in the day. In the next sequence of the movie, both Karan and Rocky are shown staging elaborate dance sequences at a club in order to impress Natsha/Tanya. Sanju shows up later at the party, and pulls Natasha aside to reveal his latest newspaper creation, showing Rocky as an international crook and fraudster wanted by many crime agencies the world over. Rocky overhears the conversation and while Natasha is occupied elsewhere, chases Sanju outside in the club parking lot. Sanju, fearing for his life, drops the pretense of being crippled, throws his crutches on the ground, and runs for dear life. Later, Rocky, Sanju and Tommy are seen sitting in a bar nearby, exposing each other as fraudsters and having a drink together, cursing their luck at the emergence of Karan as the new love in Natasha\'a life. The movie ends in a slap-stick sequence when Mehboob shows up looking for Natasha/Tanya with a whole gang of thugs and Karan, Rocky, Tommy and Sanju have to rescue a kidnapped Natasha in a bizarre shoot-out sequence in the middle of the desert featuring motorbikes and go-carts.'] ['Sidhu  is a lowly vegetable cutter at a roadside food stall in the Chandni Chowk section of Delhi. He longs to escape his dreary existence and looks for shortcuts with astrologers, tarot card readers, and fake fakirs, refusing to believe in himself despite his foster father Dada\'s  best efforts. When two strangers from China claim him as a reincarnation of a war hero in the past and take him to China, Sidhu, thanks to devious translations by his con-man buddy Chopstick , believes he will be taken to an exotic land and feted as a hero. In actuality, the Chinese men want him to rid their Chinese village of the vicious smuggler Hojo . Sidhu blissfully sets forth to China with Chopstick. Along the way he meets Sakhi , the Indian-Chinese spokesmodel known as Ms. Tele Shoppers Media, or Ms. TSM, who is travelling to the land of her birth and of her presumed-dead [who is still alive] father and her twin sister, Suzy. Suzy, also known as the femme fatale Meow Meow, works for Hojo, not knowing Hojo tried to kill her father. Sidhu, through a series of lucky coincidences, initially manages to sidestep being beaten brutally up by Hojo, but Hojo eventually catches up with him and exposes him as the buffoon he really is. Hojo kills Dada, and a disgraced Sidhu, left for dead himself, vows revenge. He encounters an amnesiac vagrant who turns out to be former Police Chief Chiang , the father of Sakhi and Suzy. Chiang recovers his memory, with his Kung Fu skills still intact. Sidhu wishes to learn cosmo Kung Fu. Chiang takes Sidhu on as his apprentice, and after months of training, Sidhu decides to kill Hojo. Hojo tells a lie to Meow Meow that Chiang killed her father. When Hojo meets up with Sidhu, Meow Meow hugs Chiang and stabs him in the back with a knife. Sidhu attacks Meow Meow, but Sakhi stops him. Meow Meow was shocked and figured out that Hojo lied to her. Meow Meow betrays Hojo and helps her father. They watch Sidhu battle Hojo. When Sidhu almost loses, his dada appears and tells him not to worship a potato and Chiang tells him to use the skill that is special to him. His specialty was chopping vegetables and cooking which helped him beat Hojo brutally in the end. In the end, Sidhu gains Sakhi\'s love. Right before the credits, pictures appear of what happen to the village. The last one shows that something has happened somewhere in another village in Africa. They say there is a "To be Continued -- Chandni Chowk to Africa."'] ["Raj Khanna , Pooja Sahani  and Tina Kapoor  are childhood friends. While Raj has always been attracted to the vivacious Tina, he is completely unaware of the quiet Pooja's love for him. Raj's father  decides to move to England with his family to take up a new job, so Raj has to go away from his friends. He makes Tina promise to write to him via e-mail. But Tina soon becomes occupied with other things, so it's the loyal Pooja who writes to Raj; but she always signs with Tina's name to help Tina keep her promise. Raj and Pooja have many things in common, and their e-mails bring them very close to each other. A decade and a half later, Raj returns to India for a short vacation. By now, he's in love with the girl he has been writing to, and believes he can recognise her at first sight. When the three of them finally meet, Raj, to Pooja's disappointment, completely ignores her and is besotted with Tina, who is as vivacious as ever. However, during the two weeks of his vacation, he cannot help but notice that the real Tina is completely different compared to the Tina he knew from the e-mails. He also starts to like Pooja, without realising she is the one he is really in love with.  He returns to London, where Pooja coincidentally arrives for an interview, and there he discovers that it was Pooja who wrote all the letters. They confess their love for each other and decide to get married, but fate plays an unexpected trick on them. Back in India, Tina's father  has died, leaving Tina all alone in the world. By now, she is in love with Raj as well. Pooja now refuses to marry Raj, since she does not want to break Tina's heart. Raj is the only one Tina has left now. Raj's parents also agree to the marriage, but Raj wants to tell them that he really loves Pooja. Pooja however, still refuses to marry Raj and so he angrily vows to her that he will only marry Tina if Pooja marries someone else on the same day. Enter a friend of Raj, Rohan Verma . Rohan is greatly attracted to Pooja and the families are all for the match. Pooja bows to the inevitable and agrees to marry Rohan on the same day as Raj and Tina. That way, she hopes to satisfy Raj's condition and ensure Tina's happiness. Rohan realises something is wrong and that Pooja does not love him, but keeps up the charade nevertheless. On the day of the marriage, Tina realises that Raj is really in love with Pooja, so she gives him up and finally Pooja and Raj get married."] ['The film opens with the revelation that violence has escalated in India, in which the central villain is Mogambo . Mogambo is a brilliant yet insane General whose goal is to conquer India. From his island, modeled after the island of Dr. No, Mogambo monitors the evil-doings perpetrated by his henchmen. All his subordinates know the formal salute "Hail Mogambo!", emphasizing his complete authority over his minions. Arun Verma  is an orphan and a street-walking violinist who rents a large, old house. There, he houses a dozen or so orphaned children and takes care of them with the help of his cook and caretaker Calendar . Arun is poor, owes debts to the local food merchant Roopchand , and is overdue to pay the landlord Maniklal . In spite of these problems, Arun tries to look on the bright side of every situation. As time goes by, Calendar reminds Arun that the cost of running the home continues to rise. Arun decides to rent out the room on the first floor. When he goes to the local newspaper to run an advertisement for the room, he meets Seema Sohni  and makes her his tenant. They get off to a rocky start but Seema eventually becomes friends with everyone. One day, Arun receives a mysterious letter from a family friend, Dr. Sinha , who reveals that Arun\'s late father had created a device that would make its user invisible. With the directions in the letter, Arun, accompanied by his ward Jugal, enters his father\'s laboratory and finds the device. The device is in the shape of a gold watch worn on the wrist. When it is activated, it makes the wearer invisible to the naked eye. This invisibility is pervasive except for one flaw: when red light is focused on the wearer, he becomes visible. Arun and Jugal decide to keep the device a secret between them. Seema goes to a lavish party hosted by Teja and Daaga, where she performs a song under the guise of a Hawaiian dancer. She is nearly killed by the criminals after her disguise is spoiled, but Arun invisibly rescues her, styling himself "Mr. India". Thereafter, Seema falls in love with her rescuer, though not attracted to his civilian alter ego. Mr. India later defeats Mogambo\'s men in several encounters, foiling their criminal plans. Mogambo\'s computer-aided intelligence teams reveal that Mr. India\'s specific actions against the gambling den bring benefit to Arun Verma. Mogambo has bombs disguised as toys, planted in places where children can find them. One of the bombs kills Arun\'s youngest and dearest charge, Tina, driving Arun to immense grief. Arun, Seema, Calendar, and the surviving children are brought before Mogambo. Mogambo tortures them so that they reveal Mr. India\'s true identity and the location of the invisibility device. Arun eventually volunteers to this when Mogambo threatens to drop two children into a pit of acid; but because Arun has dropped the device, he cannot become invisible to prove himself. Frustrated, Mogambo has them sent into the dungeons. However, they are all able to escape. Mogambo activates four missiles, which are poised to destroy all of India. Arun confronts him, and the two fight. When Arun has overcome Mogambo, he deactivates the launch of the missiles. Arun, Seema, Calendar, and the children escape, while Mogambo\'s fortress is destroyed. Mogambo himself dies in the fire. Arun\'s dual identity remains a secret to most people, while he returns to his former life.'] ['Raja, an orphan, is a ruthless robber. He dreams of earning a fast buck so that he can settle down in life. And then, he stumbles on a fine opportunity. Mahi , a rich heiress, falls in love with him. The girl happens to be his childhood well-wisher and has always considered him her prince. He plans to surrender the girl to a gang who wants to kill her for her riches. But the villains play foul, and kill him. Raja reaches Yamaloka. He creates confusion in Yamaloka by stealing Yamapasam since one in possession of Yamapasam will become Yama. The rest of the story is all about how Yama  and Raja try to outsmart each other. After regaining power, Yama sends Raja back to earth, but only to take away his life once again. How Raja escapes from the wrath of Yama and lives a long life with Mahi, who he loves later, forms the crux of the Story.'] ["Anwar  and Rukhsana  had been married for years. After the birth of their daughters Tehzeeb and Nazeen, Anwar gets into a deep depression and commits suicide. Rukhsana is a famous, ambitious and popular singer. After her husband's mysterious death, her elder daughter Tehzeeb  suspected her to be the cause of his departure. Despite the court declaring Rukhsana innocent, Tehzeeb still bears a grudge against her and accuses her of deserting her and Naazeen . Years later, Tehzeeb has grown up and has married Salim  against her mother's wishes. Nazeen is mentally challenged, and Tehzeeb takes her under her custody. Tehzeeb lives happily with her husband and Nazeen, until Rukhsana decides to visit them and renew ties after five years. Both mother and daughter are happy about the upcoming visit, but the tension between them turns up eventually. Many challenges and arguments arise because of Tehzeeb and Rukhsana's differences. But Tehzeeb and her mother have many good moments and Rukhsana grows close with both her daughters. Disaster then strikes where Nazeen shoots herself.Here the truth comes out that Anwar killed himself and Rukhsana wasn't responsible. Rukhsana wants to carry Nazeen with her, but Tehzeeb doesn't agree. Salim convinces her and she finally gives her consent. On the day that Rukhsana was about to leave,Rukhsana was sitting at the swing with her eyes closed. Tehzeeb goes up to her and apologizes,she tells her she still loves her,but Rukhsana doesn't reply. Tehzeeb shakes her,when Rukhsana falls over. In panic,Tehzeeb calls Salim. It was revealed that Rukhsana neglected her health and had a heart attack which she died of. At the end of the movie, Tehzeeb is singing one of her mother's song in her memory to a crowd while Salim and Nazeen watch her."] ["Bhumika tells the life story of a Bollywood actress, Usha ,who is the granddaughter of a famous female singer of the old tradition from Devadasi community of Goa. Usha's mother married to an abusive and alcoholic Brahmin. Following his early death, and over her mother’s objections, Usha is taken to Bombay by family hanger-on Keshav Dalvi  to successfully audition as a singer in a Bombay studio: the first step in a process, watched approvingly by her doting grandmother and with horror by her mother, that will eventually carry her to on-camera adolescent stardom, and to an ill-starred love marriage with Keshav. Usha’s motives for stubbornly pursuing this relationship  with the unattractive and much older Keshav—who appears to have lusted after her since childhood—are not spelled out. Presumably she feels indebted to him for his loyalty to her family  and for her own worldly success; she is also a headstrong girl who clearly enjoys her acting career and is bent on challenging her uptight mother . Once the two are wed, Usha is shocked to find Keshav continuing to act as her “business manager,” arranging starring roles for her opposite hunky heartthrob Rajan , who is himself in  love with her. Since Keshav’s other business ventures are unsuccessful, the family remains entirely dependent on Usha’s earnings — a fact that Keshav clearly resents. He thus becomes both a jealous husband with a fragile ego and nasty temper, as well as  a greedy pimp who compels his wife to take risqué work despite her dislike of her costar and her protests that she “only wants to be a housewife” now that their daughter has been born. Not surprisingly, the relationship becomes increasingly poisoned, particularly by Keshav’s assumption  that she is in fact having an affair with Rajan. Verbally and physically abused by her husband and periodically obliged to live in a hotel, separated from her daughter and mother, the desperately unhappy actress eventually does instigate two unsatisfying liaisons—with the nihilistic and self-centered director Sunil Verma , with whom she plots a double-suicide , and then with the wealthy businessman Vinayak Kale , who keeps her as a pampered mistress on his palatial estate. Here Usha briefly finds a kind of “respectability” as a de facto second wife, earning a measure of love and admiration from Kale’s mother, son, and bedridden first wife—but  at the cost of even the most rudimentary freedom. Unable to abide by Kale’s hypocritical domestic rules, she finds her only hope of escape to lie in the intervention of the hated Keshav, who promptly brings her back to a Bombay festooned with billboards of her own face, and to the same drab hotel and lonely prospects. As Kale’s bitter wife remarks to Usha as the latter prepares to leave, “The beds change, the kitchens change. Men’s masks change, but men don’t change.” One thing the movie could not clarify was the reason why Usha liked and then disliked Rajan. The climax of the movie is gloomy and the viewer is left out to seek the message of the movie on their own. http://www.uiowa.edu/~incinema/Bhumika.html"] ["Maanav is an orphan who was brought up by a Catholic Priest, Father Francis. After completing his M.A. he returns home to Taran Devi and finds out that his mentor is dead. He re-locates to Bombay by train, and a man named Gopichand Sharma attempts to steal his luggage, but Maanav chases him and retrieves it. Both men become friends, despite of their differences - Maanav wants to lead an honest life, and Gopichand, who is estranged from his wife, a nurse, Kalyani, and son, Munna, is an alcoholic and thief. Gopichand eventually changes his lifestyle, decides to be honest, patches up with his family, but ends up antagonizing his crime boss, Monto Sardar, who chops off his right hand. Maanav gets him a job with Hercules Milk Foods. Maanav meets with and falls in love with Kaajal Gupta, who is the daughter of the owner of Hercules Milk Foods, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to Shyamal. Then one day Maanav disappears from Gopichand and Kaajal's lives. He re-locates to Simla and it is here that he learns that things have spiraled out of control as Gopichand has been arrested for marketing contaminated milk powder resulting in the deaths of hundreds of children. Maanav decides to return to Bombay and attempts to make sense why Gopichand committed this crime."] ['Raju  is a tenant of Baburao Ganpatrao Apte aka Babu Bhaiyya  and has not paid his rent for a long time. Raju does not believe in hard work and wants to earn easy money. He cons everybody, even his mother , who thinks that her son works in Calcutta. Baburao, a bespectacled near-sighted man, runs the "Star Garage". He has a familial debt with many money-lenders and has hard time with them. Shyam aka Ghanshyam  has come to Mumbai from Gurgaon seeking a job in his late father\'s bank. Apparently his father died in a fire that broke out in the bank and he claims that the bank owes him the job. He badly needs the money for his friend Khadak Singh\'s  sister\'s marriage. A young woman, Anuradha Panniker ([[Tabu , is also in the running for the job, her father having died two minutes before Shyam\'s. Shyam meets Raju and a misunderstanding causes Shyam to think that Raju is a pickpocket. A fight ensues between the two, and Raju escapes, leaving his wallet with Shyam. After Raju leaves, Shyam discovers that he had his own wallet on him all the time. Unfortunately, this realization comes just as Raju returns with two policemen, insisting that Shyam robbed him. Later that evening, Shyam reaches Star Garage. Baburao agrees to take him in as a paying boarder, although he warns Shyam that he will have to share the place with another boarder. Unfortunately for Shyam, the other boarder is Raju, who has not paid Baburao a single penny of rent in the last two years. The two men come to blows again the minute they see each other, and Raju vociferously objects to Shyam\'s presence and threatens to move out. Baburao is nonplussed by Raju\'s indignation and calls his bluff. Eventually, Raju backs down, claiming that he\'s only staying because he owes Baburao and he hates to leave debts. The two men are constantly at each other\'s throats, and poor Baburao often ends up suffering the physical consequences of their conflict. Raju manages to trick Shyam into signing a document that says he will give the bank position to Anuradha. When Shyam discovers the fraud, he threatens to sue both the bank and Anuradha. Panicked, the bank manager tries to get Anuradha to seduce Shyam, but he\'s having none of it. Eventually, she makes a deal to give him the position in exchange for money. Shyam is unable to get the money, and when he goes to bluff his way through the deal, he discovers that Anuradha is living with her mentally ill mother in abject poverty. She admits that she discovered that Shyam\'s own financial situation is as bad as her own, and that she didn\'t have the heart to go through with her plan, so she gives him her resignation letter. Shyam refuses, insisting that he could never live with himself, and that she should keep the position. The two of them become friends and even begin a romance. Meanwhile, Khadak Singh shows up at the bank looking for Shyam, whom he believes has stiffed him. The bank manager gives him Baburao\'s address. Raju is only too glad to put in a "good word" for Shyam with Khadak Singh, and it is only thanks to Baburao\'s intervention that an ugly scene does not ensue. Shyam, however gets even with Raju by shaking him down for gas money in front of his mother, lest she find out that he doesn\'t really work at the place he\'s showing her, or that he doesn\'t work at all. Baburao is constantly getting people calling and wanting to speak to a Mr. Deviprasad , which annoys him to no end. One day, however, things become serious when a kidnapper named Kabeera  asks for Deviprasad—only this time, he\'s asking for a ransom to be paid on Deviprasad\'s granddaughter  of Avvai Shanmughi/Kamalahaasan Fame. The trio figures out that the phone numbers for Star Garage and Star Fisheries, of which Deviprasad is the owner, have gotten transposed in the phone book. Now, Raju decides to benefit from this situation and makes Shyam call Deviprasad posing as Kabira and demand double the amount asked by Kabeera so that they can pocket the other half themselves while satisfying the ransom demand. However, when one employee realises that Deviprasad\'s granddaughter might have been kidnapped, he involves the police. Both Raju and Kabeera\'s plans are thwarted, and as punishment for involving the police, Kabeera doubles the ransom. Following their brush with Kabeera and the police, Shyam and Baburao inform Raju that they\'re out of it, but Raju eventually shames them back into helping him. They tell Deviprasad to meet them at the rendezvous point an hour before Kabeera\'s appointed time. When they meet with Deviprasad, he demands to see his granddaughter. Eventually, the trio are forced to admit that they are not actually the kidnappers, just three guys in over their heads, but they will get Deviprasad\'s granddaughter back for him. To further prove their sincerity, they unmask themselves, give Deviprasad their names and tell him that if he doesn\'t trust them, he can turn them in. Deviprasad chooses to believe them. In a hilarious melee that follows between Khadak Singh and his men, Kabeera and his cronies, police and the trio, our heroes save the girl and return her to her grateful grandfather. Raju collects all the money, while Shyam and Baburao head towards their home. When they find that Raju is not at home, they think that he may have fled with the money. Enraged, they call the police and concoct a story to implicate all 3 of them in the kidnapping. No sooner than they hang up with the police, a jubilant Raju enters, carrying a suitcase. He explains to the dumbfounded duo that the car broke down, but he fixed it as well as repaid Shyam\'s debt, but he\'s here now. He is confused by his friends\' glum expressions, and asks what\'s wrong. They explain that they though he stiffed them, so they turned themselves in and implicated him too. Raju breaks down and tells them that in this world, all he really cares for is his mother, who will now see her son being arrested and sent to jail. As expected, the police arrive to take the trio away to jail. Raju requests that they not be led out through the front door, lest his mother see them. At the last minute, just as the police are about to shut the door on the van, Deviprasad appears, telling the police that there\'s been a terrible misunderstanding. He tells them that they misunderstood that he was actually giving them the money, and that he\'s not pressing charges against them. Not having any reason to hold them anymore, the police release the trio. They thank Deviprasad for intervening on their behalf, but Deviprasad insists that he should be thanking them, and that he meant what he said about the money being theirs. Anything the trio could possibly want in the future, Deviprasad insists, is theirs for the asking. Suddenly, the phone rings again and the trio realise that it may be for Deviprasad. But Deviprasad tells them that this time the phone is for them. They pick up the phone and suddenly become tense. Then it is shown that the caller is Deviprasad\'s granddaughter saying "Kabira Speaking". The film ends with the trio breaking into uncontrollable laughter.'] ["Angarajyam, under King Lomapadan  is suffering from severe drought. There had been no rain for past 12 continuous years as the result of a curse by a Brahmin. The film begins with king Lomapadan's visit to Rajaguru  requesting him to return to Champapuri, the royal capital of Angarajya. Chitrangadan ([[Ashokan , the son of rajaguru was in love with Vaishali , daughter of a devadasi, which was against the social customs. Rajaguru had migrated away from capital with an aim of separating his rebellious son from his lover. Now, with the repeated requests from King, Rajaguru decides to shift back to Champapuri to perform a yagam to please Lord Indra, the god of rain. On the night of arrival at the capital, Rajaguru, gets a mystic vision, in which his guru advices him to bring Rishyashrungan , the only son of Mahirshi Vibhandakan to perform a mahayagam at Angarajyam. Only the son of Vibhandakan can now save the nation. Rishyashrungan is a teenager, living deep inside a dense forest, along with his father, who is famous for his spiritual powers. Vibhandakan had taken all care to keep his son away from the rest of the world, since the day he was born. Rishyashrungan had not met any human being in his whole life apart from his father, and is unaware of the world outside his ashram inside the deep forest. Lomapadan and his group of ministers decide to send a beautiful girl to seduce and bring Rishyashrungan to Champapuri. Rajaguru, who had a deep rooted anger against Vaishali  asks king to send her to the forest. Vaishali, daughter of Malini ([[Geetha , a famous dancer in the palace, is also the illegitimate daughter of King Lomapadan, which he is unaware of. Malini, on the demand of the king sets out with her daughter to the forest. While the rest of the team waits outside the deep forest, Vaishali sets in and meets Rishyashrungan and attempts to seduce him with her looks. He unaware of the existence of any human being on the earth, is easily carried away by her exotic looks. But by evening Vibhandakan smells out the trouble and warns his son about the danger. But the teenager is again lost by the charm of Vaishali. But soon realizing his mistake, Rishyashrungan decides to take up deep meditation to attain mental power to win over Vaishali, whom he mistakes to be a Mayavi, who had come to prevent him from gaining eternal happiness and salvation. Vaishali, who by now had started loving him seriously is completely broken by seeing him on meditation in midst of fire. She, in her final attempt starts dancing sensuously in front of Rishyashrungan, and succeeds in alluring and taking him to Angarajyam. But the boy hermit regains his sense at the boat and is about to curse her. Malini, by then begs for mercy. On seeing Malini, another woman, the teenager hermit is surprised. Vaishali explains her mission to Rishyashrungan and convinces him of his power to bring rain. They start back to the kingdom. They are welcomed royally at the capital. King Lomapadan welcomes Rishyashrungan personally and takes him to the stage where the yaga has to be performed. Malini, who by now is expecting the King to accept Vaishali as his child tries to move towards him, but is stopped by the Rajaguru. Rishyashrungan performs the yagam successfully, and it rains heavily by the time havan ends. The entire nation is now on joyous mood and they celebrate by singing and dancing. Vaishali and her mother Malini, are completely forgotten by the King now. The Rajaguru, by then advises the king to offer Princess Shanta , his daughter to Rishyashrungan, which means that the offspring of Rishyashrungan will rule Angarajyam after the time of Lomapadan. The King obeys the order and announces the marriage of the young saint and the princess, which is welcomed by the crowd whole heartedly. Vaishali, who, with in this time was completely in love with the saint is heartbroken. Her attempts to reach the king ends in vain and she along with her mother falls down on the ground. The mother is trampled to death by crowd. The crowd is no more bothered about them and the heavy rain continues."] ['Roshan  accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna  to their ancestral property in crowded Delhi. Roshan is initially stunned by the mad rush of neighbours: Ali Baig  the renaissance man, feuding brothers Madangopal  and Jaigopal , their wives and families, Mamdu  the halwai, Gobar  the simpleton, Sethji and many others. Roshan eventually warms to the place and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community. He accompanies his grandmother to the Ramleelas, hangs out at Mamdu\'s sweet stall, plays with the children, and gradually becomes steeped in the culture. Roshan is also slowly exposed to some sobering realities. When Annapurna faints  and they scramble to get her to a hospital, he finds the roads choked by traffic because of an impromptu ceremony around a cow in labour; he is further surprised when his grandmother, despite her stupor, stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow; and he is astounded when the local police seem to encourage the practice. Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues in the community. Madangopal\'s sister Rama  is unwed  and Jaigopal\'s electrical business is going nowhere. The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam  is married to a young woman who, in turn, is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh . Suresh is a double timer who is also pursuing Madangopal\'s daughter Bittu . Bittu secretly wants out of the stuck-in-time Old Delhi; she secretly prepares to audition for a popular reality show Indian Idol in the hope that she will win her way to Mumbai. Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig\'s cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn that he fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married. And Roshan comes to empathise with the lower-caste trash collector girl Jalebi  who must endure untouchability at social functions except for when some of the brutish locals seek company. Roshan crosses paths with the loutish inspector Ranvijay who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals and becomes acquainted with the assembly-woman who displays political power at every opportunity. In the meantime, the news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the "Kala Bandar" . This miscreant  attacks people, steals and has caused the death of a few innocent people.  Nonetheless, the local news picks up on every move by the kala bandar and loudly blares about all his exploits. Jaigopal, the self-proclaimed electronics genius, theorises that the kala bandar likely has an electrical circuit  and may be electrocuted by water; this rumour is quickly propagated. The film takes several turns. After some initial friction, Roshan and Bittu warm to each other. Roshan intervenes when Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged by Madangopal. He echoes Bittu\'s desire to pursue other dreams; this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal\'s wrath upon him. He gradually begins to fall in love with her but is confused when Bittu expresses her affections for Suresh . Around this time, the kala bandar attacks Old Delhi. The simple-minded locals bring in a tantrik Shani baba to exorcise the demonic influence of the kala bandar. After an extended havan ceremony, the tantrik baba, clearly an self-aggrandizing actor who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised in the community, speculates that the local mosque must have been built over the ruins of a temple that was demolished for the purpose. He thus initiates a vicious cycle of animosity in the previously harmonious Hindu-Muslim community. After the initial peaceful demonstrations , a mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops. This prompts one Muslim shop-owner, Mamdu, to set fire to the tree temple. Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed because of his mixed religious parentage. The locals ultimately settle on the fact that the kala bandar is hiding out in the sooni galli  and must be destroyed. They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock of hair from the evil enemy so that the tantrik can burn it and complete the exorcism. Roshan becomes aware of Bittu\'s plan to elope with Suresh and that Suresh is a low-life two timer. He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu by leaping across the rooftops. In the meantime Gobar ventures into the sooni galli where Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair so he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community. At that moment, Roshan  intercedes in Bittu and Suresh\'s rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee. Bittu raises a loud alarm before Roshan unmasks himself, Roshan tells Bittu he loves her where she also responds to his feelings,the two share a hug, whereupon the angry locals storm the place. Believing Roshan to be the kala bandar, they beat him to within an inch of his life and Mamdu shoots him. Then, Gobar comes up with a startling deduction about the reality of the kala bandar; that the kala bandar is in fact the vices residing inside the people of Delhi 6 and something that the people must defeat within themselves. In the end the neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance. But while on the way, Roshan does not respond to the treatment leaving people to believe that he died. In the meanwhile Roshan meets his grandfather  in the terrace of a building in Delhi. Roshan\'s grandfather  reveals that there is a Kala Bandar in his heart and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his mom for not accepting their inter-religious marriage. After that he said he will meet him once again. Roshan responds to his treatment and everyone is happy that he is not dead. The film ends with Roshan understanding the diversity of Delhi 6. During the end credits, the important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi 6.'] ['Vikram Rai Bahadur is the only son of Mrs. Sharda, and sole heir to a vast business and estate. While vacationing with his artiste friend, Raja in Kashmir he meets a beautiful girl named Sunita and falls head over heels in love with her. Sunita was a great singer and had also got a contract to sing on Radio, she tells Vikram and also asked him to sing with her but he continuously denied her. Soon he proposes marriage to her, and she accepts. They go to the temple where they had first laid eyes on each other and seek God blessings as well as vow to never part till death, even tying the symbol of their love, a necklace vicky had won for Sunita in a fair, around a wishing pole. Vikram goes back to Delhi, to ask his mother\'s permission and blessings to marry Sunita, but she refuses telling VIcky about Sunita\'s parents and past. Also saying that if her name is joined to theirs, their business will suffer as Sunita\'s presence is inauspicious. His mother\'s words anger Vikram and he goes back to Kashmir and tells Sunita they will have a quiet temple wedding. On their way to the temple their vehicle meets with an accident against a truck. While Raja sustains minor injuries, Vikram is badly hurt and hospitalized, and Sunita\'s face is severely disfigured. Mrs. Sharda goes to see Sunita and offers her money to stay away from Vikram. She tells Sunita about her disfigurement and emotionally blackmails her by saying "think how Vikram would live with an ugly and disfigured girl like her. Hearing this Sunita agrees to stay away from Vikram but says she doesn\'t want Sharda\'s money. Sunita is transferred to a hospital in Delhi, where Sunita\'s local doctor, Dr. Sahni together with a doctor in the Delhi hospital, Dr. Mehra restore her disfigurement by plastic surgery. On the day that she leaves, Vikram regains consciousness and asks for Sunita, But his mother tells him that Sunita is dead. Months pass and Vikram longs for Sunita, not eating properly, not living his life, not looking after himself. Meanwhile in these months Dr Mehra is doing his job beautifully, he fixes Sunita\'s disfigured face and gives her a new face. She quickly recovers, and cannot wait to give the good news to Vikram. Tho she believes that with her new face Vikram won\'t be able to recognise her, but Dr. Mehra, who now sees Sunita as his daughter, reassures her that in love one\'s face is no matter, the heart and the soul remains the same and that is what brings two lovers together, not their face or outer beauty. Sunita and Dr. Mehra turn up to Vikram\'s house only to find out that she is getting engaged to another beautiful, but wealthy young woman named Rita. Vikram is unable to recognise Sunita and she believes that he has forgotten her. She returns home with her new father  and decides to change her name to Kusum Mehra, to begin life anew. After the engagement party it is reviled that Vikram is making an orphanage in the memory of Sunita in Kashmir. It will be called "Srimati Sunita Rai Bahadur Anathalay" which means Mrs. Sunita Rai Bahadur orphanage, hence giving Sunita the proper respect of his name as she would have been had she been alive. Upon being asked by Raja why he agreed to marry Rita he tells of how his mother advertised it in the newspaper without even asking him and how when he confronted her she told him about the millions of rupees they would get through the marriage in order to fund and re-establish their failing business. Vikram decides that he will fund his Orphanage with his own funds and does not wish to let his mother\'s money play any role in its building or running. To earn money he decides to sing in stage performances as Sunita used to always ask him to sing with her. On one such performance Sunita aka Kusum and Dr. Mehra come to the show not knowing that Vikram is the artist performing. Kusum hears him singing a song dedicated to love but feels insulted that someone who has forgetting his love would sing a song for love. So she begins to sing against him despite promising herself that she would never sing again. Hearing her voice reminds Vikram of Sunita\'s voice and he continuously re-listens to her voice\'s recordings in order to figure out whether it is Sunita\'s or not. The next day he arrives at Kusum\'s house and asks her to sing with him on stage. She refuses. He offers her money to sing with him, again she refuses and angrily tells him to leave the house. Assuring her that he will return in the evening in case she has changed her mind, she leaves. As he had promised he returns in the evening, Dr. Mehra meets hims and asks why he wants Kusum\'s voice only, but before Vicky could reply the servant comes and tells then that Kusum is not at home. Vikram leaves once again. Dr. Mehra gets angry with Kusum and asks her why she is doing what she is doing. Why would she not confront Vikram and why still is she looking after him through the window. The next day when Kusum leaves the house Vikram is waiting outside in the car for her. He gives her a lift and on the way once again they are faced with a similar situation to accident that had taken away Sunita\'s identity. She screams and loses consciousness... A few days later when Vikram goes to see how Kusum is, he find out that Kusum had previously gone through a similar accident as the day when she had fainted. Kusum also asks about an injury on Vikram\'s forehead, one that he had received during his accident. Vikram tells her about his accident and about how he has forgotten everything. This angers Kusum further as she believes that Vikram has forgotten her and she accidentally spills every detail she knows about the accident itself. Some time later Vikram\'s mother finds out that he wants to do a show with some girl called Kusum and he won\'t marry until the is done. Therefore Sharda goes to Kusum\'s house and asks her to sing with Vicky and also telling her everything about how she had lied to Vicky about Sunita\'s death and why Vikram had decided to marry Rita. Kusum is happy to hear that Vicky has not forgotten her and that he still loves her and is making an orphanage in her memory. She is satisfied with this, agrees to sing with Vikram and will not get in the way of Vikram and Rita\'s wedding. Dr. Mehra calls Sharda to his hospital and explains to her how he had given Sunita a new face after her disfigurement. He tells her how Sunita is Kusum and Kusum is Sunita and how Kusum is satisfied only by the fact that Vikram stills loves her. Mehra tells Sharda there is still time, she can still reunite the two lovers. Sharda doesn\'t listen to him. Kusum sings with vikram and also reminds him of Sunita by doing the dance which both used to do while singing their song Yeh Vaada Raha. All of her things, her dance, her voice, everything reminds Vikram of Sunita and at the end of the performance her he holds her and calls her Sunita at which Kusum runs away. back home she packs her bags and leaves for Kashmir asking her father not to tell Vikram anything. Vikram comes seeking Sunita and confronts Mehra. Mehra tells him to ask his mother for answers. Vicky goes to Sharda and asks her whether Kusum is Sunita. His mother tells Vikram everything about how she lied to him about Sunita being dead because she wanted to protect him and make his future better, etc. Vikram goes to Kashmir to find Sunita and he does right outside her house. When she sees him she runs to the temple where they made their vows. At the temple they repeat their vows again and embrace each other.'] ["Dev Saran  is a successful football player in the United States. He lives in New York with his wife Rhea  who is a fashion designer. They have a son named Arjun. Also living with them is Dev's mother Kamaljeet . Maya  is an orphan who is to marry her closest childhood friend Rishi Talwar . The two have been raised by Rishi's fun-loving father Samarjit a.k.a. Sam . Dev encounters Maya moments before she is to marry Rishi. Coincidentally, it is Dev and Rhea's fifth wedding anniversary. Although Dev and Maya are strangers, they connect instantly. The two part ways and Dev bids Maya goodbye. Maya tells him that they should never say goodbye because they may meet again. Moments after they part, Dev is hit by a car and injures his leg; as a result he is no longer able to play football. Four years pass. Dev is now extremely bitter &mdash; first because of his inability to play football and second because Rhea is very successful in her career making Dev look inferior. Maya is in a similar situation: She has found that she is infertile and generally does not feel any love towards Rishi because she believes he is quite selfish. The two couples meet and quickly become friends. Rishi invites the Sarans to Sam's party. Here, Rishi and Rhea go off and dance together, much to their partners' irritation. Also, Sam and Kamaljeet show blatant signs of falling for one another. The next day, Dev and Maya witness Sam and Kamaljeet embracing. When they confront them about it, Sam and Kamaljeet explain that they are in the same situation  so have decided to help one another. Dev and Maya notice each other's marriages failing miserably, and they decide that, as friends, they need to help each other save their marriages . They meet every day for a coffee and discuss their faults as well as Rishi and Rhea's. Eventually though, Dev and Maya decide to take a break from saving their marriages and decide to spend some quality time together. They find themselves being drawn to one another. On their wedding anniversaries, they decide to organise a meal for their partners. After the meal, the couples have an argument. Dev gets angry when he thinks Rhea accepted a promotion to shift to London . Rishi gets angry at Maya when she accuses him of being selfish and not understanding her needs. Maya arrives at the station and finds Dev there. They argue and Dev eventually admits that he has fallen in love with Maya. In time, Kamaljeet and Sam notice that Dev and Maya are being stubborn in their relationships &mdash; they decide to make Rhea and Rishi talk to one another. When they do this, Rhea and Rishi realise they love their partners dearly  and that they need to stop arguing with them. For a while, the marriages start to work. The two couples then go to a ballet show where Dev and Maya each openly compliment their partners and start showing them affection. The next day, Dev and Maya believe they are cheating on one another with their partners and sleep together. Sam invites the Sarans to his house for dinner to celebrate Kamaljeet's birthday. Here, Dev 'jokingly' admits he loves Maya; Sam is the only one other than Dev and Maya, who knows that Dev was being serious. Shortly afterward, Dev and Maya are caught embracing by Sam and Kamaljeet. Sam soon has a heart attack. On his death bed, he advises Maya to leave Rishi as he can see that neither of them are happy in the marriage. Dev and Maya decide they must end their relationship and go back to Rhea and Rishi, but they must tell them about their extramaritial affairs. Rhea and Rishi decide they have had enough and divorce Dev and Maya. On the phone, Dev and Maya say that they have managed to sort things out with their partners. They believe they shall never meet again and that it is truly time to say goodbye. Three years pass. Dev and Maya have not seen each other. Rishi visits Maya and tells him that he is re-marrying and wants her to be his best man to which she agrees. Rhea arrives at Rishi's wedding with her boss Jay  whom she is now dating. Rhea learns that Rishi and Maya are divorced &mdash; Rishi learns the same about Dev and Rhea. Rhea finds Maya and tells her that she divorced Dev when she heard he was having an affair with Maya. She also tells her that Dev is on his way to Toronto by train. Maya is encouraged by Rishi and Rhea to find her true love. At the station, Dev sees Maya but tries to avoid her, believing she is still married to Rishi. However, they see each other as the train leaves. Dev pulls the emergency stop and arrives back at the station. Dev learns that Maya has also been divorced in these three years. They decide to start a new life together. Before the credits roll up, Dev narrates that love should be the only foundation of marriage because otherwise it will never work out."] ["A newspaper editor, Shrivastav, is killed when he was about to expose the underworld links of a very rich and influential person. He calls over his friend, Inspector Shekhar, to talk to him about the threat he receives from the underworld. Srivastav dies by the time Shekhar arrives. He remembers that he saw a suspicious person by the elevator and borrows a lady's car to chase him. The lady  throws a fit  and they lose the chase. In the morning the two return home when they find the keys. Meanwhile, on the crime scene, petty pickpocket Master  is found at scene and confesses seeing the whole murder. Shekhar uncovers some of the gang, and Master identifies the killer  who is put in jail. Meanwhile, the lady, Rekha, turns out to be the daughter of Chief of Police , and trust is formed. Shekhar is taken to the criminal's house in an attempt to bribe him to release the prisoner, but the attempt fails. The person who offers the bribe is Kamini . She spikes the drink offered to Shekhar, intoxicates him, and the gang leaves him on the street. He is found by Rekha, who brings him home. At Rekha's birthday party, Shekhar sees Kamini and follows her. Kamini turns out to be a childhood friend of Rekha. The mastermind, Dharamdas, now wants to incriminate Shekhar so that he can be clear of any fear. They take Master to a house and try to persuade him but fail. The gang kills the original killer by sending their people to jail and frame Shekhar for it. This puts the blame on Shekhar for the two murders. He goes to trial and waits for the verdict the next day. By this point, romantic feelings have grown between Rekha and Shekhar. They talk, and Shekhar does not know what to do. He is persuaded by Master to run away, knowing that he will have to prove who the real killer is by getting a chance to investigate. He runs away. Dharamdas knows when Shekhar comes out of hiding, he will have evidence to expose the mastermind. So, he sends his men to kill Shekhar. They shoot him, and Shekhar manages to reach the killer's house unseen. He is confronted by Kamini, but he convinces her she can only plan a crime, not commit one. She feels for him, realizes that Dharamdas is evil and that she should no longer be a criminal, and nurtures Shekhar nearly to health. Dharamdas returns and barely sees Shekhar escape into a hidden dungeon. Kamini follows, and it is Kamini and Shekhar vs. Dharamdas in a cat-and-mouse chase in a maze of hidden corridors and rooms. Kamini and Shekhar escape, and Shekhar calls the police station, saying that he is surrendering himself. Just before he reaches the gate of the police station, Kamini is shot by Dharamdas' men, and then Rekha's father, aka the Chief, tries to get a full idea of the picture. Shekhar explains that Dharmdas is the mastermind, yet the Chief does not believe him. Shehar explains the whole thing and that if Kamini regains consciousness, she will testify. Yet he still has to prove Dharamdas is the criminal so the Chief can see for himself, and so they have confirmation he is the criminal in case Kamini does not survive. They plant an article in the newspaper saying that Rekha will testify, knowing Dharamdas will try to kill her in the hospital. They switch Kamini into Room 15, and tell the desk clerk to tell Dharamadas that Kamini is in Room 13, where they will be waiting for him. Dharamdas comes just before Shekhar and Chief give up, and they wait. They realize that they left the door to Room 15 open, and Dharamdas realizes the actual room as well. The Chief and Shekhar come just in time before Dharamdas attempts to kill Rekha. Dharamdas is convicted, Shekhar has to face trial for running away. The Chief promises to recommend bail or dropping the charges, and Rekha and Shekhar continue their romantic feelings."] ["Shekhar  is the son of a traditional Hindu father in a seaside village in Tamil Nadu. A journalism student studying in Bombay, Shekhar visits back home to see his family. On one of his return trips, he lays eyes on Shaila Bano , a Muslim schoolgirl in the village. Initially shy, Shaila seeks to distance herself from Shekhar, but after frequent run-ins, and days of pursuit, Shaila begins to like Shekhar. Eventually, they both fall in love. A marriage proposal is vehemently opposed by the lovers' fathers. Shekar's father refuses to accept Shaila as his daughter-in-law, telling Shekhar to find another partner, whilst Shaila's father announces the need for an immediate marriage between his daughter and a Muslim spouse. Shekhar's father says if the two ever get married, he will cease talking to his son. Shekhar reacts angrily to his father's refusal to accept Shaila, and so leaves, back to Bombay. Shaila, under increasing pressure from her father, escapes from the village and joins Shekhar. At first, Shaila is overwhelmed by the city, having relocated for the first time from rural surroundings to a city life. However, with time she adapts to her new lifestyle. The two get married. The newlyweds move into a new apartment. A few months later, Shaila becomes pregnant and gives birth to twins, Kabir and Kamal. Shekar continues to work as a journalist, whilst Shaila works at home, looking after the children. For six years, the family live in Bombay, settling in well, and begin the process of repairing relations with their respective families. The relatives visit the family in the city for the first time in over half a decade, and are overjoyed to see their two grandchildren. Meanwhile, in west India, Hindu fundamentalism rises as a force to reckon with causing a wave of anti-Muslim riots that leave thousands dead in Bombay. Targets of violence from both sides, Shaila and Shekhar worry increasingly over the safety of their children."] ['The film traces the origins of the movement through its fictionalized narrative, based around rural empowerment, when a young veterinary surgeon, played by Girish Karnad, a character based on then, National Dairy Development Board chief, the 33 year old Dr. Verghese Kurien,Manthan Review Channel 4. who joined hands with local social worker, Tribhovandas Patel, which led to the setting up a local milk cooperative, in Anand, Gujarat. In the film, Dr. Rao, comes to a village, to set up a dairy cooperative, which upsets not just the middlemen, who were hitherto exploiting the villagers, but also the age-old feudal structure of the village, soon an uprising is sparked among the local untouchables, which leads to an economic revolution as well.Manthan  – The Churning – Overview New York Times.'] ["Classical dance guru Mangal stumbles on a dance performance in a lavish haveli by Neela. He orders his talented son Girdhar to demonstrate to the audience the true method of classical dance. Entranced by Girdhar's skill, Neela begs Mangal to admit her as a pupil. He finally agrees on two conditions: she must devote her life to art and she must partner Girdhar in the Tandav portion of an upcoming dance competition. As the two practice together, she begins to fall in love with Girdhar. Manilal, a wealthy and jealous man who hopes to have Neera for himself, warns Mangal that the two are falling in love, but he ignores him. When Mangal goes away for some time to buy new costumes for the pair, they confess their love to each other and neglect their dancing in favor of idyllic walks and boat rides. Mangal returns and discovers that the two are in love. Enraged that Girdhar's dancing has suffered and believing that he will now never win the title of Bharat Natarajan, he renounces his son and resolves to leave him. Dismayed that she has endangered Girdhar's career, Neela pretends that she has betrayed him with Manilal and he returns to his father and his art. The devastated Neela tries to drown herself in the river, but is rescued by a kindly sadhu. She decides to follow the example of the minstrel Meerabai and devotes her life to Krishna, but is alarmed when Girdhar appears declaring that he can not forget her. She pretends not to know him and he is enraged; his father takes him away. She becomes ill and the sadhu and her servant Bindiya take her to the temple where the dance competition is being held. Hoping to sabotage his chances, Manilal has bribed Girdhar's new partner to drop out of the competition. Neela takes her place in the Tandav dance and Mangal realizes that she spurned Girdhar to help him win the competition. He then convinces his son to give her a second chance. With the help of Neela, Girdhar wins the competition and Mangal gives the couple his blessing to marry."] ["A poetic romance between Ishaan  and Suman ([[Tabu , set against the concrete Mumbai cityscape, opens the film. Ishaan, the only son of an affluent business family, and his contemporary peer, Sunny , the grandson of the head of the business house, are being groomed to take over the business. They share a strong male bonding, Ishaan's controlled and silent strength acting as an anchor to Sunny's flamboyance and recklessly violent streak. The business, a construction empire built by Ishaan's father, Nahar Singh  and Sunny's grandfather, is rooted in violent and unlawful activities. Ishaan, sheltered in comfort and security, begins to question his environment as his relationship with Suman, an idealistic young woman, opens a new world to him. As his love for her grows, so does his fear of losing her. Ishaan is caught between a life steeped in violence and his love for Suman who abhors violence. Torn by his desire to leave the world of crime, and his sense of loyalty to his father and his friend, Ishaan unwillingly gets drawn deeper into violence, and finds himself a participant in an act of gruesome cold-blooded massacre. The image of a young girl disabled by this violent act haunts his conscience. His quiet, but firm resolve, to withdraw from the business clashes with Nahar Singh's pragmatism , and with Sunny's refusal to release him from his oath of loyalty. The events escalate with Ishaan's arrest, and with Nahar Singh's murder. Ishaan is finally forced to make a choice between personal loyalty and a larger allegiance to society and truth. The story is parallel to Mario Puzo's The Last Don."] ["On a visit to scenic Agra, Pooja  meets with a renowned artist, Kabir . Kabir is instantly attracted to Pooja, and thinks that Pooja is also attracted to him. But Pooja is only attracted by his talent. On her return, she meets with her boss Mr. Oberoi  and his son, Raj Oberoi , and she instantly falls in love with Raj. Mr. Oberoi is unhappy with Pooja coming in late to work frequently, and wants to terminate her employment. A fellow employee, Maggi  comes to rescue of Pooja, and tells Mr. Oberoi that Pooja has been engaged to Kabir, and shows some photographs that were taken during Pooja's visit to Agra. Pooja reluctantly goes along with this charade in order to keep her job. Kabir is encouraged to know that Pooja has announced her engagement with him. How is she going to convince Mr. Oberoi and Raj that she really loves his son, Raj? This movie is loosely based on the Hollywood film Picture Perfect starring Jennifer Aniston, Jay Mohr, and Kevin Bacon. {{Fact}}"] ["The film begins in a bowling alley, where a group of friends are awaiting the arrival of Salim. Meanwhile, Deepak arrives with his fiancée Sheetal. When a conversation about love arises, Deepak and the rest find it necessary to make Sheetal aware that true love does exist. They tell her the story of Raj  and Priya , two of their closest friends. Raj Mathur is the owner of Raj Transport, a small trucking company he founded himself. Raj is a carefree man who is unorganized, messy, lazy and late all the time. Although he isn't the richest, he's always happy. On the other hand, Priya Chopra is a successful fashion designer whose family is quite wealthy. Priya, originally from Greece, lives with her aunt Anna, who wants to give her the best in life . Priya has her life all planned out &mdash; the complete opposite of Raj. These two completely different people meet in a car accident, when Priya crashes her car into Raj's truck. Though the two get off to a rocky start, they meet again at the wedding of Salim and Farah, eventually becoming friends. The two arrange to meet again and slowly fall in love. Raj receives Priya's phone number but carelessly loses it. He then sets out to find her and find her, he does. However, Raj learns that Priya's engaged. Desperate, he follows Priya to Greece, where he continues to woo her. When it's time to part company, Priya realizes that she is in love with Raj. They get married after persuading Priya's parents, and arrive in Mumbai, where Raj welcomes Priya into their home. He then makes an oath to his holy talisman, wishing it to protect Priya if he is not around, because he loves her immensely. Back to the bowling alley in the present: Sheetal is in tears, for she has never heard a more beautiful story. Salim arrives along with Farah and announce that today was Raj and Priya's first wedding anniversary, so they were planning a surprise party. Excited, Sheetal can't wait to meet the famous Raj and Priya, but when they do arrive, they're nothing like what they seemed. A year has changed both Raj and Priya, and the two can't stop arguing. When they do find some common ground and happiness, it doesn't last long. Raj feels the pressure to meet the expectations of Priya's family, and is struggling financially. His company has gone bankrupt, and he has many bills and loans to pay. When he is insulted by a bank official, he returns home crying. Priya cannot stand to see her husband in this state, and resorts to asking her former fiancé for money. When Raj asks her about the source of money, she lies. But when he throws a celebration party, he learns the truth. Angry at Priya, he becomes destructive, and Priya, heartbroken, runs away to her parents. Raj, realizing his error, goes after Priya, only to be insulted by her family. Priya decides to leave India because she can't stay with Raj but can't stay without him. When Raj is informed of this, he races to the airport to stop Priya, just as he did the year before. He says he will change and that he has a dream of the two of them starting a family together. Although Priya expresses that she has the same dream, she feels it is impossible for them to be together, so she boards the plane. Giving up, Raj remembers his oath and sends his talisman to Priya. When Priya receives the talisman, she too recalls Raj's confession. Raj returns home to find Priya waiting for him. She says that the only way to make their dream come true is to be together. In a playful manner, the two get into another argument but they say that this is how they express their love. They continue to argue as the credits roll."] ["Rajesh  previously was a motorcycle stuntman in a circus and now turned into a thief- expert in breaking open treasuries. In one such robbery, he is being watched by a jolly but shrewd police inspector Amjad Khan . Sheela  is a gorgeous disco club dancer & singer. Both Rajesh and Sheela are in love with each other. But Rajesh has not disclosed to Sheela that he is a thief. An evil brother-sister duo- Vikram  and Jwaala  seek revenge against crime boss Rakka who cheated Jwaala and siphoned her money. Therefore they hire Rajesh to break open Rakka's treasury and steal back the money. Vikram pays Rajesh a token amount to do the job. But suddenly Inspector Amjad Khan arrests Rajesh and the court sentences Rajesh to 2 years imprisonment. Sheela is devastated after she realizes Rajesh was a thief. Meanwhile, Amar  is an ace crime member in Rakka's gang who revolts against Rakka. He is a widower with a daughter Tina studying in a boarding school. However before quitting Rakka's gang, Amar has committed a crime wearing a mask and Inspector Amjad Khan is investigating that case. Once Amar saves Sheela from a gang of rowdy bikers. They meet regularly as Sheela likes Amar's daughter Tina. Soon Amar begins to love Sheela who does not reciprocate because she still loves Rajesh. Amar realizes Sheela is not interested and does not proceed. Rajesh completes his jail sentence. While returning, he meets Vikram who again reminds him of the deal to rob Rakka. During the conversation, Amar incidentally reaches the site and a fist fight ensues between Amar and Vikram. While fleeing, Vikram swears revenge against Amar. Thus Rajesh and Amar meet for the first time. Rajesh takes Amar to introduce to Sheela but both Sheela and Amar pretend as if they do not know each other since they don't want Rajesh to unecessarily suspect them. Later Vikram's goons kidnap Amar's daughter and beat Amar who is hospitalized. In return for Amar and his daughter's safety, Rajesh agrees to do Vikram's job. He nurses Amar back to normalcy and soon they turn thick friends. Amar promises Rajesh he will support him in this one last robbery. They plan to shift to London after the robbery with the money. They concoct a scheme whereby Amar would steal gold bars and jewellery from a safe, then phone the police, let Rajesh take over, get arrested, get a prison term for about 12 to 18 months. After his release, he will join Amar in the U.K. Things don't go according to plan as Rajesh gets arrested for killing Rakka while Amar and Sheela reach London with the money. Rajesh construes that Amar deliberately framed him so that he can get Rajesh out of the way, keep all the money  for himself. Rajesh escapes from jail and reaches London to apprehend Amar. After a brief tussle between the two, Rajesh realizes the truth and that Amar did not frame him. Vikram and his goons reach London to take revenge against Rajesh and Amar. In the climax of the movie, Amar sacrifices his life to save Rajesh from getting killed by Vikram."] ["The film opens into the life of Ammaiyappan Mudaliar , an ordinary middle-class man who makes a simple living as a Central Government clerk. His family, a typical South Indian joint family, includes his dutiful wife Godavari, his oldest son Chidambaram , a junior officer at Indian Oil, and his wife Uma ([[Lakshmi , his second son Siva , a factory worker, his youngest son Bharathi  and his daughter Sarojini . The modest income from his government job barely provides for his family's needs. His sons contribute some amounts in proportion to their incomes. The family gets by, but Ammaiyappan worries for the future. Siva and Sarojini are not yet married, and Bharathi has a bleak future if he does not graduate high school. Sarojini is a particular worry; her beauty and charm are matched by her arrogance and contempt. She summarily rejects any marriage proposal, and her obstinate demeanor causes great concern to Ammaiyappan. Ammaiyappan nonetheless plows on through life hoping for solutions to his difficulties. The community matchmaker brings Ammaiyappan a promising alliance. It is a good family. The groom is a junior officer at BHEL and his father owns a garment shop in the city. The meeting starts off well. But Sarojini, true to form, rejects the alliance and the groom's party abruptly leaves. Ammaiyappan visits them to apologize for the incident. The groom's father turns out to be an understanding and forward thinking man. Looking past Sarojini's immaturity and recognizing Ammaiyappan to be a good and honest man, he offers his daughter Vasantha as a prospective partner for Siva. He declares, as a veiled insult, that his obedient daughter Vasantha will accept his decision. Not outdone, Ammaiyappan quickly accepts with the claim that his son is similarly respectful of his wishes. When Ammaiyappan returns home, Sarojini informs him that she has found her own partner in Peter Fernandes, a Catholic colleague from her work place &mdash; an unthinkable notion for Ammaiyappan and Godavari. But when Ammaiyappan visits Peter's father Albert Fernandes, he is surprised. Albert Fernandes turns out to be compassionate, tolerant and accepting of Sarojini's belligerence. Ammaiyappan agrees to the alliance. Chidambaram remains opposed to Sarojini's choice, but nonetheless obtains a loan to finance her wedding. Sarojini and Peter are married, and Siva and Vasantha are married. After an initial period of honeymoon bliss, the troubles start again. Sarojini returns home late one evening after an office party. When Peter's father questions her, she brashly cites her independence and refuses to answer him. Peter tries to talk to her, but she adamantly turns him off too. After a big fight, she walks out. Back at Ammaiyappan's home, Vasantha is frustrated because her time is increasingly devoted to tutoring Bharathi . She is unable to have any quiet time with Siva, and this is further complicated by the joint family arrangement where personal space is limited anyway. She ends up in a big fight with Siva, and she ultimately walks out. Vasantha returns to an unwelcome reception at her own home. Her father initially tries to reason with her, but when she remains indignant, he firmly instructs her to return to her husband and work out their problems. She finally understands the message and returns home. Siva, who had followed her, reinforces her father's message. However, he clearly prioritizes Bharathi's education over her need for quiet time. She accepts this as a temporary necessity, but remains unhappy nonetheless. There is an unintended side-effect in that Sarojini, having seen how Siva went to fetch his wife, reaffirms her stand to remain away from Peter until Peter crawls back to get her. There is a greater crisis when Chidambaram reduces his monthly contribution to the family fund. He cites reasons of reduced consumption , excess burden  and limited income . Ammaiyappan advises him that the fund is not designed as a mathematical fraction but rather as a communal fund to ensure the family runs smoothly. He reminds Chidambaram that he had spent the largest fractions of his income, without regard to return or reward, on Chidambaram's upbringing and education. Chidambaram disputes these claims. The argument erupts into a terrible fight. Ammaiyappan disowns Chidambaram and kicks him out. Chidambaram refuses to leave until his loans are paid off. Ammaiyappan orders a line to be drawn midway through the house. He banishes Chidambaram to one side of the line and forbids everyone from speaking to Chidambaram. Ammaiyappan declares that Chidambaram must leave when his loans have been repaid. When Uma returns with her new baby, she is shocked to find so many problems. She works with Kannamma ([[Manorama , the longtime household maid and Godavari  to fix these troubles and restore harmony. She starts by visiting Albert Fernandes. On her suggestion, Mr. Fernandes returns to Ammaiyappan's house and starts a loud squabble with Kannamma. Mr. Fernandes brings divorce papers. Sarojini is shaken. Kannamma and Godavari compel her, in the heat of the fight with Mr. Fernandes, to sign the papers. Mr. Fernandes completes the charade by handing her an invitation to Peter's upcoming wedding with another girl. Sarojini finally realizes the gravity of the situation. She returns to Peter and his father. They forgive her and warmly accept her again. Uma's second task is to reconcile Siva and Vasantha. She calls Siva at work and gently rebukes him for not attending to his wife's needs. Siva plans a vacation where he and Vasantha are able to revive their relationship, reaffirm their priorities and return to a new life together. Vasantha continues tutoring Bharathi. Bharathi finally passes his exams. Uma has mixed feelings: she is glad that the troubles have been resolved, but she is sad that Siva and Bharathi, still in compliance with Ammaiyappan's orders, have not spoken a word with her. Finally, Uma tackles the raging conflict between Chidambaram and Ammaiyappan. She scans his expenses and reminds him that costs are actually reduced when items are obtained in larger quantities. She also reminds him that Ammaiyappan does not charge rent. She also reminds him of his filial responsibilities. In the meantime, Kannamma reminds Ammaiyappan that his family is all he has, and that he should think of his children and grandchildren as his legacy and not his adversaries. Chidambaram and Ammaiyappan are finally reconciled. Uma makes her final move when Chidambaram is about to step across the line. She reminds everyone that what started as small arguments ended up as a huge conflict that nearly broke up the family. She suggests that it is best for her and Chidambaram to move out. The house is probably too cramped for two couples  to be comfortable. She promises to visit every weekend and spend time with the family. The film ends with Chidambaram and Uma making regular visits to see everyone."] ["Mumbai is in the midst of a turf war between many gangs, collectively referred to as the Mumbai underworld when Satya , a man without a past, comes to the city looking for employment. While waiting tables at the local dance bar, he gets involved in a scuffle with Jagga ([[Jeeva , bag man for dreaded don Guru Narayan . Jagga takes his revenge by getting Satya arrested on false charges of pimping. In jail, Satya clashes with yet another member of Mumbai's mafia, underworld don Bhiku Mhatre , who is in prison pending trial for the murder of a prominent film producer. Mhatre, pleased with Satya's bravado, extends a hand of friendship and arranges for his release as well as accommodation. With Mhatre's help, Satya avenges himself by gunning down Jagga in the very same dance bar and joins Mhatre's gang. Before branching out on his own, Mhatre was part of a gang that included himself, Guru Narayan, Kallu Mama  and lawyer Chandrakant Mule . Bhau Thakurdas Jhawle , presently a corporator in the Mumbai Municipal Corporation, was the gang leader. After Jhawle joined politics, the gang split into two with Kallu and Mule joining Mhatre and Narayan going his own way. While the gangs had carved out their own territories which were off limits to the rival gang, both still maintained a relationship with Jhawle. Jagga's assassination breaks the uneasy truce and Narayan reneges on his promise by attacking Mhatre's gang when they are out on business. Mhatre decides to kill Narayan but is forced to abandon his project at the last moment on orders from Jhawle; the murder right on the eve of the municipal elections would have triggered a gang war and would be detrimental to Jhawle's political prospects. Meanwhile Satya, who has risen up the ranks and become a key decision-maker in the gang, has met and fallen in love with Vidya , an aspiring playback singer who lives next door, but has not informed her of his underworld connections. At one point he even threatens a music director and gets him to sign her up for a project, with Vidya being unaware of the entire episode. Satya tells Mhatre, fuming over Jhawle's orders to stay away from Narayan, to ignore him and they assassinate Narayan. Mhatre is now the unchallenged ruler of the underworld and Jhawle, knowing that he needs Mhatre's help to win the elections, patches up with him. This is when the city sees the appointment of a new police commissioner, Amodh Shukla . Shukla and his force begin targeting Mhatre's gang through encounters. Satya, seeing the situation getting out of hand, convinces the gang that the commissioner has to be eliminated and gets him killed. The police respond by intensifying the crackdown. Jhawle wins the elections thanks to Mhatre's muscle power as well as public anger on the brutal methods adopted by the police in its fight against organized crime. In the midst of this, Satya and Vidya decide to catch a movie. Inspector Khandilkar , on the basis of a tipoff that Satya is present in the cinema hall, surrounds the premises and orders that all doors be shut. Satya fires a gun, triggering a stampede which results in many fatalities, and escapes with Vidya. But the man who did not fear death now fears for Vidya's life. He decides to quit the underworld and reveals his decision to Mhatre, who decides to send them to Dubai where they would be safe. Jhawle holds a party to celebrate his victory and invites Mhatre, Mule and Kallu to attend the same. During the party, he shoots Mhatre dead for having disobeyed his order and sends Kallu along with Mule to kill Satya. Satya, unaware of Mhatre's death, runs off to Vidya and lies to her one last time, but has to flee when the police arrive. Khandilkar spills the beans in front of Vidya. Kallu returns to his headquarters, kills Mule instead of Satya, and informs Satya about Mhatre's fate. Satya takes his revenge by murdering Jhawle during Anant Chaturdashi celebrations, but suffers a bullet wound in the process. Satya returns to Vidya's house to meet her but she refuses to open the door. He manages to break it open but Khandilkar, who has arrived to arrest him, shoots him multiple times. Satya collapses a few inches away from Vidya's feet, and breathes his last."] ["Radha  is employed with an advertising agency, and has a chance to see and meet prominent models. She meets her dreamboat, Vikram Verma , on one such day. Needless to state, she is madly in love with him, but he has eyes for his girlfriend, the gorgeous model, Maggie , only. Radha's attempts to make him notice her are in vain, and in desperation she confides in her grandma , for a solution. Her grandma instructs her to follow a number of simple rules, which will make Vikram notice her. *rule no.1 - If you want him to notice you, don't pay attention to him, no matter how crazy you are about him. *rule no.2 - Let him come after you! *rule no.3 - Always be a surprise, never let him realise that he has fully understood you. *rule no.4- Never let him realise that he has the ability to hurt you emotionally *rule no.5- Praise him for almost everything, so he is comfortable in saying 'I love you'"] ["After a lusty Thakur rapes a young girl, she kills herself. Thereafter, the Thakur is killed by what the local people call the girl's vengeful spirit. Then the Thakur's son is also killed in a similar way. Thereafter the brother of the Thakur is also killed. The grandson of the Thakur, Kumar Vijay Singh  returns from abroad to claim his ill-fated legacy. He is warned to stay away from the grounds that have killed his ancestors, but he intends to find out who or what is behind the killings, and hires a private detective, Gopichand Jasoos . Kumar meets with Radha , the daughter of the local doctor, Ramlal Vaid , and both eventually fall in love. Then a man is found dead wearing the clothes of Kumar Vijay, and Kumar Vijay must now decide to stay away from his new residence, or continue to live there, and fear for his life everyday until death."] ["Chiranjeevi plays a hard nose, honest cop, Inspector Siddanth, who fights for his beliefs. He gets in trouble with the villain  when he first refuses his bribe and then protects a witness to his crimes, Shanthi . His guru  becomes a minister and stands in the way of the villains. Because Siddanth spoils their assassination attempts and kills one of Rami Reddy's henchmen, Rami Reddy kills Shanthi, Siddanth's wife. In a last attempt to save his guru as well as to prove to him that the other police officers and Reddy were trying to kill him, Siddanth lights the very torch, which is placed with explosives, that his guru was supposed to and dies."] ["Widowed Lala Yodhraj Bhalla  lives in a palatial house with his daughter, Suman , and son, Shashiraj . Both of his children are of marriageable age. He gets a shock when he finds out that Suman is in love with a lowly employee by the name of Ajit Bhardwaj , and refuses to give his consent for their marriage. Suman and Ajit get married in a simple ceremony, and Suman moves to Ajit's house, where she soon gets pregnant and gives birth to a son who they name Vikram alias Vicky . Yodhraj gets another shock when Shashiraj tells him that he would like to marry Rita , who comes from a poor family. Yodhraj asks Shashiraj to go for a trip out of town in his private air-plane. With Shashiraj out of the way, Yodhraj goes to a pregnant Rita and asks her never to see Shashiraj again and leaves a blank cheque with her. The very same day, Shashiraj is killed when his plane crashes; a guilt-ridden Suman moves back into her father's house along with Vikram, leaving Ajit alone and devastated; and a lone Rita gives birth to a young son named Arjun . Twenty five years later, Yodhraj still lives in his palatial house with Suman and Vikram. A grown-up Arjun lives with his adopted father Inder Sen  after the death of his mother Rita. He meets and befriends Vikram but is completely unaware that they are cousins. What happens when he discovers Vikram is his cousin?, What revenge has he got planned for his grandfather Yodhraj? and what happens to Ajit Bharadwaj who has also lost his wife Suman and son to Yodhraj."] ["Jeeva is a professional killer, who will kill anyone for a price except women and children. In the flashback, it is told that Jeeva comes from a middle-class and strugging family, and is employed as a salesman in a store. He has the misfortune of falling in love with Kiran, who comes from a wealthy and influential family. Her father is enraged and livid at Jeeva, and as a result has Jeeva's mother and two sisters publicly arrested for prostitution, and eventually all three kill themselves. After hearing from her father that this all was planned by him Kiran kills herself and Jeeva, with the help of a colleague, extracts vengeance against Kiran's father and after killing him became a professional killer. He is in between jobs in his small apartment, when his neighbor's daughter, Kiran Bali  comes to deliver his milk. While she is in his apartment, they witness the brutal killing of the entire Bali family except Kiran Bali. Devraj Khatri, the corrupt head of narcotics department, kills Kiran's entire family for her father's cheat with him. Kiran Bali decides to report this incident to the police, not realizing that it was the police themselves who had carried out this execution. On knowing that, Devraj chase Kiran to kill the last witness of the Bali family murder case. Jeeva takes Kiran in his shelter in order to protect her from the corrupt narcotics men. Finally, Jeeva died in an explosion made by himself to kill Devraj Khatri with him. Jeeva's friend gave all of Jeeva's savings to Kiran as he was told.  The movie had a slow start in box office. Even the critics had a mixed reaction with most of them ridiculing the movie as one of the worst movies of the year. The film went on to become a hit in North India , a decent grosser in major cities, and had a limited release overseas."] ["After returning from overseas, heiress Rita is stressed out and needs to go someplace to unwind. She chooses Kashmir and, upon arrival, rents a houseboat from the owner, Raja. After a few misunderstandings, they are attracted to each other and soon fall in love. This romance is not looked upon favorably by Raj Bahadur Chunilal, Rita's dad, as he would prefer his daughter marry a suitor he has chosen for her: Kishore. Rita dislikes Kishore and will only marry Raja; the wily Raj Bahadur devises a plan that will let him keep the cake and eat it too."] ["Sravan  is a captain in Indian Navy fighting in Sri Lanka against the Tamil guerillas. He manages to kill hundreds of guerillas in the operations launched by the Indian Peace-Keeping Force . Post-operations, he decides to live in Lanka. Now he is a womaniser who goes about his task with gusto. He is stinkingly rich who owns a number of palatial bungalows. Sravan has a psychic problem too. He had been abandoned by his actress mother. Then came another blow when his wife ran away with her lover. Sravan's daring operations against the Tamil guerillas incur the wrath of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Ealam . They are out to bump him off. Into his life enters Lanka  who is a gypsy girl. Sravan rapes her but ends up marrying her unaware of the fact that she is from the LTTE stronghold out to seek revenge on behalf of the Tamils. She almost succeeds in her plans. But Sravan survives the murderous attack on him. But he is totally incapacitated and confined to bed. Lanka pretends to nurse him back to health. But her actual aim is to escape with all his wealth."] ['Appu  is a taxi driver in Mumbai . He is still haunted by the suicide of his sister who was sold to a brothel. He is still trying to find out the culprit. Here he meets Geetha  who is chased by a Eunuch Maharani  who is also responsible for the death of his sister. Maharani is the madame or kingpin of the flesh trade in Mumbai. Maharani wants the beautiful Geetha for the flesh trade. Appu fights and saves Geetha from Maharani. Here his friend Vignesh and his lover Kaveri die saving Appu and Geetha.'] ["Raat Gayi, Baat Gayi? is a film about three couples and a keen observation on modern day marriage. Rahul  wakes up with a bad hangover after a party the night before. There he had met a sexy young woman - Sophia . They got drunk and there were sparks flying. But Rahul doesn't remember what happened after that. Did they go all the way? His wife, Mitali , is in a particularly bad mood this morning, and Rahul suspects that she might know about his little escapade last night. Rahul starts chasing his night—trying to retrieve it—trying to find out what really happened. His friends Saxena  and Amit  are going through their own marital crises of sorts. Driven to his wit's end, he realizes he must seek Sophia out to restore his sanity{{cite web}}"] ['Anuradha Roy , a noted radio singer, dancer and daughter of a rich man, falls in love with an idealistic doctor, Dr. Nirmal Chowdhary . She decides to marry him against her father\'s will. Nirmal, whose mother died of illness, has decided to serve the poor in the distant village of Nandagaon. He asks Anuradha to not follow the hardships his life has but to live the life her father plans. But she still insists to follow her love. She rejects the wedding proposal set by her father with the London-returned Deepak . Deepak wishes her well and promises her to help in future if she ever needs any. After the marriage and a daughter, Anuradha realizes the gravity of the choice of living in a village. Taking care of the family, doing all household chores she quits singing, the singing that once was her life. After many years one day her father comes home to visit them and reconcile. Seeing her poor condition her father asks them to come and stay in the city with him. But due to his patients Nirmal rejects the offer and promises to move after sometime. Deepak while travelling with his girlfriend meets a car accident and is hence rushed to Dr. Nirmal. Nirmal does successful plastic surgery on his girlfriend. Deepak gets to stay with Anuradha for some days and realizes her hardships. He requests her to leave Nirmal and move to city and pursue her passion for music. It is then she has to decide between her love for husband and music. The clinching moment is when Dr. Nirmal concedes to her desire to leave him and restart her life in the city. At this point she asks him: "Can\'t you ask me to stay back?", and then decides to stay back with her husband.'] ["In the Malhotra household, a young woman  is preparing to spend a quiet evening with her pet kitty, watching cable television. The doorbell rings, and she sees through the peephole that it is a young man, who later identifies himself as Sameer A. Purnavale , claiming to be an business partner of Mr. Malhotra and the house belongs to Mr Gupta. She is reluctant to open the door, even to talk to this stranger, as the police had just issued a warning about a killer at large in this area and denies that it is Malhotra house but Gupta's. She does offer him a sandwich, but he tricks her into opening the door, and lets himself in on the pretext of protecting her from an unknown person, who is making a noise elsewhere in the house. When no one is found, she asks him to leave, and opens the door, and finds another man with a gun, who later identifies himself as Police Inspector Qureshi . The two doubt his credentials, and Sameer phones the nearest police station and calls for help. The two men then get into a fight, and she gets hold of Qureshi's gun, and asks them to sit quietly. It is then revealed that the man claiming to be Inspector Qureshi is in fact a thief. She telephones her mother and ask her to contact the police. Purnavale tries to kill Qureshi, thinking that he is the serial killer and then uses the telephone to call the police, but finds that the phone is not working. He is unable to understand what is happening and asks Ma'am to hide somewhere safe inside the house. While trying to figure out a solution to the problem. There is ring at the door bell and Purnavale answers. He starts looking around for Miss Malhotra in the house and tells her that there was a man who was asking for Mr Malhotra and questions her this house is Gupta's and not Malhotra's as she had told him earlier to which she runs away to the top floor as she is scared of him without answering him. He starts looking for her for an answer to his question when he stumbles upon a dead body and identifies that the dead body is of Mr Malhotra. Purnavale panics when he looks around as she attacks him and in self defense he tries to kill her. In this confusion the thief who is mortally wounded stabs him to death assuming that he is the killer. When the thief checks on Purnavale's body Ms Malhotra starts singing like a psycho while she stabs him to his death and revealing that she is the killer. At the end of the movie, she is shown speaking to her mother and pleading her mother to return home from a disconnected telephone line, establishing that she is mentally ill. Before the credits it is shown there is yet another door bell and a man asking for Mr. Malhotra while she smiles evilly looking into the peephole."] ['Aarush  leaves his job to stay with his friend, Bob  and his wife, Hetal , who both work at a casino. Aarush is "jinxed", as everything he does is turned upon him. Desperate to get lucky, Aarush goes to a priest, who tells him that his luck will change once he gets married. Therefore, Bob and Hetal decide to get him married to their boss\'s daughter, Devika Samtani . After the marriage, on their honeymoon in Italy, Devika leaves him for her American boyfriend. Aarush decides to commit suicide by drowning in the sea but is saved by a Telugu girl Sandy . Aarush and Sandy fall in love and decide to get married. However, when Sandy finds out Aarush is already married, which she did not know before, she leaves him. It is only due to Aarush claiming his love to her on national TV that she returns to him. The only way Aarush can get married to Sandy however is convincing her elder brother, Major Krishna Rao , a strict army officer who loves and is over-protective of Sandy. Meanwhile, Bob has to lie to Hetal\'s father, Batuk Patel , that he is filthy rich and owns a mansion. The four live life perfectly, until Batuk actually shows up. The four rent a mansion to make him believe that Bob owns it. Due to a misunderstanding, Batuk starts believing that Aarush is married to Hetal, and Bob is married to Sandy. If the confusion wasn\'t enough, Krishna turns up, much to Aarush\'s horror. The four then struggle to keep Batuk and Krishna from finding out the truth. Things seem to be working until one day, Krishna catches sight of Bob and Hetal at the casino and gets suspicious. He uses a lie detector to find out the truth. Aarush answers all questions and when it is confirmed that he truly loves Sandy, Krishna agrees to the marriage. Aarush, Krishna and Bob go to a club for a bachelors night out and meet Dhanno , the club dancer. The whole family is invited to the Royal Palace, to see Krishna get rewarded by the Queen of England. While this is happening, 2 workers are meant to be installing air conditioning instead they accidentally supply the hall with laughing gas causing everyone to break into an outburst of laughter. During this laughter, the truth is let out but no one seems to be in their right state of mind. The 2 workers meanwhile stop the gas from spreading- everyone comes back to their senses. Aarush is stilling telling Krishna the truth, leading Krishna to break off Sandy\'s engagement. However, after Sandy tearfully pleads to him, Krishna lets the two get married. In the end, Hetal and Bob live together with Batuk Patel, and Aarush\'s luck changes for the better.'] ["According to a myth, when snakes are of certain age, they can assume human form. Thus, the film begins with a male and a female in their human forms, singing and dancing amorously with each other. When the male turns back into a snake, he is shot by a member of a hunting party, who thought the snake was going to attack the woman. The rest of the story deals with the female taking revenge on the group of friends responsible for her lover's death."] ['The movie revolves around Pandit Hari Prasad, a blind flutist , and a painter  who is mute. Hari Prasad lives with his only sister in a village which is also a minor tourist attraction. He makes a living by playing flute and entertaining the tourists. His life changes dramatically once Jyothirmayi  comes there and hears his musical talent. She helps him reach high standards in classical music. Years pass by and Hari Prasad becomes one of the greatest flutists in India; he develops; a great love towards Jyothirmayi for whom he dedicates all his albums.'] ["This movie was a tribute to R. D. Burman. Jhankaar Beats is a story about love, friendship and music. Deep  is happily married to lovely Shanti , with a little daughter Muskaan and another baby on the way. Rishi  is his best friend and colleague at an advertising agency. Rishi is a little immature and stubborn, and this keeps on causing fights at home with his equally headstrong wife Nicky . Rishi and Deep are dedicated musicians, obsessive about the music of R.D. Burman. They play at a club sometimes and compete in an annual pop music contest called Jhankaar Beats &mdash; they have lost for the past two years. When the movie starts, Rishi has been kicked out of his house by Nicky and the two are considering getting a divorce; Deep's nagging mother-in-law has come for a two-month visit. The men are under pressure to get an advertising campaign ready for a new client, an oddball condom manufacturer. Around this time they meet Indraneel , who is the son of their boss Mr. Kapoor and is joining the company. Neel is an ace guitarist who has his own problems &mdash; he is insanely attracted to a pretty girl, Preeti  but cannot muster the courage to talk to her. To make things worse, his father has decided that he is wasting his life and has given him an ultimatum &mdash; find a girl in two months or settle down with a wife his parents choose. Rishi and Deep, though they tease him mercilessly, grow very fond of Neel, and he has a sure ally in Shanti. Shanti, meanwhile, is trying to get Rishi to see sense and make up with Nicky. There are a host of colourful supporting characters, among them a newlywed couple living above Deep's flat, Nicky's handsome lawyer, and the very sexy owner of a rival advertising agency. How they resolve all their issues forms the rest of the story."] ["Sanjay  is an extremely practical guy who believes in nothing but logic and reasoning. He listens to his mind and ignores his heart. Hamsa Vahini  is a girl who believes strongly in human bonds and trusts everybody easily. Hamsa likes Sanjay immensely and proposes to marry him. Sanjay too accepts the proposal. In a casual chitchat, Sanjay reveals that he does not love her though he is marrying her. He feels that it is a marriage of convenience and practicality. Sanjay's confession hurts Hamsa and she cancels the engagement. As Sanjay slowly realizes the power of love and starts missing her, Hamsa becomes pragmatic and practical due to her family related circumstances, and ignores his pleas for forgiveness. The rest of the story is all about how she finally accepts Sanjay's love."] ["The family of Justice Saxena is extremely happy until his younger brother Inspector Rajesh Saxena  arrests a notorious gangster, Bhawani Singh. Justice Saxena sentences Bhawani Singh to death. Bhawani Singh's brother, Dilawar Singh , vows to avenge his brother and he kills the judge as well as his driver Shanker. Dilawar Singh also tries to kill their sons. Driver Shanker's son, Karan  loses his eyesight while saving Justice Saxena's son Babloo. Justice Saxena's wife, the two children and Rajesh Saxena leave the city. Dilawar Singh finds them and kills the Judge's wife and throws Babloo out of the running train. Before dying, Babloo donates his eyes to Karan. Karan vows that he will not remove his goggles till he confronts Dilawar Singh."] ['Seth Durgadas is a rich businessman, revered by his son Kumar and society. In reality, Durgadas is the leader of a smuggling gang. As a trusted member of society, he gets all information, while his gang executes his plans. However, during one such robbery, a gang member turns greedy and flees with the diamonds. Durgadas sends another man to retrieve the diamonds and kill the traitor. The traitor is killed, but the killer too flees with the diamonds. A furious Durgadas sends some henchmen to kill the traitor and retrieve the diamonds. The henchmen corner and kill the traitor, but the latter has succeeded in hiding the diamonds somewhere. Meanwhile, a Victoria driver of the eponymous Victoria, who was found near the dead body, is arrested based on circumstatial evidence. Somewhere else, two old golden-hearted crooks, Raja and Rana are to be released. Rana had an infant son who was kidnapped from a park. To date, Rana doesn\'t know who kidnapped him or whether his son is even alive. The duo want to spend the rest of their lives as good, respected men. The plan is short lived when they find themselves on the trail of the diamonds. Soon, they learn about the Victoria and realise that no one has got a scent of the missing diamonds. To get closer to the Victoria, they pose as distant cousins of the Victoria driver, who are reluctantly admitted inside by the drivers elder daughter Rekha, who soon starts acting suspiciously. During the day, Rekha rides the Victoria, posing as a man while during the night, when everyone is supposedly sleeping, she slips out of the home. One day, Raja and Rana follow her to the house of a man, who unknown to them, is Durgadas\'s henchman. They are shocked to see Rekha seducing him. But when the henchman tries to rape her, the duo save her. On accosting her, she tells that the man was loitering suspiciously near the Victoria when her father was arrested. Before they can know anything from him, he is shot dead. On learning the Victoria drivers story, the duo decide to do one good turn. They tell Rekha the whole truth, but a shocked Rekha doesn\'t have a clue about the location of diamonds. Even after tearing the Victoria apart, nothing is found. Meanwhile, Rekha falls in love with Kumar, whom she met while posing as a cab driver. She tries to woo him posing as a rich lady, a plan which works well. However, Kumar learns the truth and decides to marry her, despite knowing about her father. Kumar also meets Raja and Rana, whereupon he gets suspicious of the duo. Here, Durgadas objects to Kumar\'s relationship with Rekha. Later, Kumar learns of his father\'s true nature and leaves him. After meeting Rekha, Raja and Rana tell the truth to him too. The quartet decide to find the diamonds. Here, Durgadas kidnaps Rekha on learning that she is the daughter of the Victoria driver. Later, Kumar, Raja and Rana are also kidnapped and tortured. During this deal, Durgadas\'s drinks are being served on an ornate tray with a fake Victoria headlamp attached to it. Suddenly, Rana realizes that the diamonds are hidden in the Victoria\'s lamp. He buys time for himself and his old buddy, and they go to retrieve the diamonds. The duo turn up at Durgadas\'s den, where they manage to create a confusion by luring the gang members to the diamonds. Durgadas is embarrassed to see that not one member of his gang is loyal to him. During the melee, another twist occurs when an old henchman of Durgadas reveals that Kumar isn\'t Durgadas\'s son, but Rana\'s. Durgadas had ordered the henchman to steal somebody\'s child because Durgadas\'s father had threatened to disown him. Durgadas could have prevented the situation only by proving that Durgadas has fathered a child. In the end, Durgadas and his remaining cronies are arrested and Rekha\'s father is set free. After being reunited with his son and his would be daughter-in-law, Rana decides to settle down. However, Raja decides that his destiny might have written something else for him and leaves. Soon, Raja spots a burkha clad woman and starts following her, only to find that the "woman" is actually Rana. Rana tells Raja that he will not let the latter spend the rest of his life without him. Raja relents and goes home with his friend.'] ['A truck driver named Chandrahasan marries a girl who gets stolen by his evil best friend. The story has a lot of violence and fighting and not suitable for under tens.'] ['The films opens with Bharathchandran , the city police commissioner busting a smuggling gang while dealing with gold costing Rs five crores. Known for his hot tempered and aggressive nature, Bharathchandran is feared by many in political and criminal circles alike. His mentor in the department is Balachandran , the IG of police, who is also a fatherly figure for him. Indu , a young and brilliant advocate counters Bharat in a case for allegedly arresting 3 young men. After the court is dissolved, it is revealed that Indu is actually the cousin  of Bharatchandran. Due to frequent clashes between political activists of Calicut and the commissioner, Bharatchandran is then transferred to Trivandrum. In the meantime, Justice Mahendran , who is investigating the Poonthura communal riots gets killed brutally at his residence. Bharatchandran, now the City Police Commissioner of the capital, takes up the investigation duty. He is assisted by Prasad  and Ikbal ([[Vijayaraghavan , two young officers, both with same aggressiveness in nature. Justice Mahendran was supposed to present his investigation report, which had serious allegations against Rajan Felix  and Menon , two senior I.G.s of Kerala Police. The master brain behind the communal riot was Mohan Thomas , a Delhi based business tycoon, with strong political clout both at state and center. Mohan Thomas is also involved in several notorious criminal activities including smuggling of fake currency, drugs and deadly weapons. Bharathchandran, in his investigation finds out that Mohan Thomas is the culprit and also understands serious involvements of Mohan Thomas and his younger brother Sunny Thomas in underworld activities. Bharatchandran bravely arrests Sunny Thomas but it goes in vain after a massive riot in the College compound. In the attempts to reach out Mohan Thomas, Bharath arrests Srilatha Varma, a lawyer who is now also a mistress of Mohan Thomas. But she gets brutally murdered at a hotel elevator by Wilfred Vincent Baston , a Goa-based hitman and a close follower of Mohan Thomas. Bharath then arrests both Rajan Felix and Menon, who reveals several shocking information against Mohan Thomas. The police then hunts down Antony Ignatius Pemento, the right hand of Wilfred but get crucial leads to Wlfred from him. In an attempt to arrest Wilfred Vincent Baston , Ikbal gets murdered sinisterly. Bharatchandran, in retaliation kills Vincent and then Mohan Thomas in an out-house, by taking law in his own hands.'] ['The film begins with Michelle McNally , a blind and deaf woman, visiting her former teacher Debraj Sahai , who now has Alzheimer\'s disease, in a hospital. The film then flashbacks to the past to her childhood. Michelle was a girl who lost her eyesight and hearing after recovering from an illness at the age of two and exists in a black world where she is isolated in the darkness of her own existence, trapped by her inability to see, hear and express. She grows up becoming more and more frustrated by the black and dark world around her, making her a violent, uncontrollable eight-year old child. Her parents, Paul and Catherine, are at their wits\' end trying to control her, until one day the light shines through the end of the tunnel. Debraj Sahai enters their lives, an elderly alcoholic teacher for the deaf and blind, Debraj sees himself as a magician and is a disillusioned eccentric man. He takes it upon himself to bring young Michelle into the light. He uses harsh methods, although always for Michelle\'s long-term benefit. Initially, his methods are met with disapproval by Michelle\'s father, who asks Debraj to leave. Although her father thinks he is gone, Debraj stays as the teacher while her father is away on business for 20 days. Her mother grudgingly approves of his continuation given her fear of Michelle being sent to an asylum. By the 20th day, Debraj manages to teach Michelle some words and better manners, but he has difficulty teaching her the meaning of words. When Michelle\'s father returns, Debraj packs his bags. At the very last moment, as he is walking towards the door suitcase in hand, Debraj gets frustrated with Michelle\'s continuing insolent behavior and he throws her into a fountain full of water. Michelle suddenly takes to Debraj\'s lessons at that moment and begins to understand meaning. She is able to recognize her mother and father, and can vocalize the first syllables of some words. The McNallys decide to keep Debraj as Michelle\'s teacher. Many years later, Michelle has learned a great deal, becoming relaxed and expressive, and she is even able to dance and expertly sign. Debraj convinces the Principal of a university to grant her an interview which she passes and gets admission to pursue a Bachelor of Arts degree, the first deaf-blind person to do so at that university. Michelle moves away from home and lives with Debraj and one of her servants. Over the next 2 years, she struggles to gain her Bachelor of Arts degree, failing year after year, but she still maintains her spirit. One reason is that she must rely on Debraj completely for interpretation of the material and studying. This problem is overcome by the Principal of the school preparing the whole first-year Arts course of study in Braille. Another reason for her continuing failure is that her typing skills are lacking and typing is her only way to write down what she knows during exams. However, she also soon overcomes this deficiency through another flash of increased of competence when she almost quits the university and gets into an argument with Debraj. As the same time as Michelle suffers through and triumphs over her challenges, we also witness numerous other changes. Debraj begins to succumb to Alzheimer\'s, first forgetting the way out of the Principal\'s office and then forgetting Michelle and leaving her stranded during an ice cream celebration for her improved typing. We also see Michelle reconcile with her sister Sara, who we find out was jealous of her parents\' affection for Michelle throughout her life. After attending Sara\'s wedding, Michelle begins to wonder about love, which she has not experienced, and she even asks Debraj to kiss her on the lips. Debraj reluctantly does so but decides to leave Michelle on her own because of this demand and the position she has put him in. Twelve years after enrollment, Michelle does manage to gain her BA, and with her proud parents looking on her, she even gives a speech to the graduating class. Wearing no black graduation robe, she thanks her parents and her teacher and she announces that she will only wear the robe so that her teacher may see her first. Debraj is in a mental hospital due to his almost complete inability to remember his past and even how to speak. Michelle visits him wearing her robe and we see glimmers of memory return as Debraj realizes that she has graduated and even does a victory dance. As the window opens to the rain outside, we see Debraj\'s hand in Michelle\'s reaching into the rain, and we hear the teacher-student pair say the first syllable of the word "water", with echoes of the scene in which Michelle first begins understanding the meaning of words earlier in the movie. However this time, it is Debraj who is beginning to learn to speak and understand. The movie ends with a scene of Michelle amongst a crowd of people all dressed in black carrying candles walking towards a church. There is a voiceover of a letter Michelle has written to Debraj\'s friend Mrs Nair explaining that today was her teacher\'s first day of school, and that like hers, his alphabet began with "B L A C K", implying that Debraj had finally succumbed to his illness and died.'] ["Widower Bernard Vincent lives in scenic Mahabaleshwar, seemingly alone. One night he has a heart attack and passes away. When the Police search his residence they find Tejas, Bernard's only son, in the basement of the house. Tejas has spent his entire life in the basement and as a result of this is extremely sensitive to sunlight. The Police ask Purva Rana, head of P.R. Institute  to look after Tejas, whose only experience of other people up until this point has been with his father and the books he provided for him. Tejas starts showing signs of Telekenesis, and is shunned by the other boys in the institute, resulting in the near fatal accident of a security guard and the death of a fellow student. Tejas redeems himself in the eyes of Purva's wealthy father, Pushkar, when he is able to wake his wife, Gayetri Rana, from a coma-like condition. It looks like Tejas has been accepted into the Rana household, but he is subsequently harassed by doctors and scientists wishing to perform experiments on him. When Tejas and Pushkar both refuse to be part of these experiments, Tejas is abducted and held in a glass chamber by Dr. Richard Dyer, who wants to control his mind for his own benefit. Purva realises that Tejas has been abducted, and is fatally injured by Dr. Dyer in a rescue attempt. At the sight of this, Tejas' anger causes his powers to surge, shattering the glass cage and killing Dr. Dyer Purva dies by the power surge . The film ends with Tejas trying to bring Purva back to life again but it was not accomplished."] ["Vishnu , a restless young man, itches to escape his father's faltering hair oil business. An old truck beckons, which, Vishnu sees as his ticket to freedom. He offers to drive the 1942 Chevy across the desert to the sea, where it has been sold to a local museum. As he sets off across the harsh terrain of desert India, he discovers he's not merely transporting a battered vehicle but an old touring cinema. Along the way, Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer  and a striking gypsy woman . Together they roam in the barren land, searching for water and an elusive fair. The journey turns dire when they are waylaid by corrupt cops and a notorious water lord. The key to their freedom is the eccentric collection of films and the two forty-year-old film projectors in the back of the truck. As in '1001 Nights', if the films are good, they live and move on. If the films are boring, they face death in the outback. The journey proves transformative for each of the travelers, but especially for Vishnu who discovers life, love and laughter on the Indian highway."] ["Somna lives a poor lifestyle with her widowed mom, Leela, in the mountainous region of India and Nepal. She makes a living working on the apple farm of wealthy widower, Kailash Nath Kaushal. Kaushal also runs a mountaineering school where Amar Kumar is one of his students. Somna and Amar meet, fall in love, decide to get married shortly after Amar returns from a climbing expedition. A few days later, following an avalanche, they get the news that Amar and the other climbers have been killed. A devastated Somna is molested by Shamsher Singh. Kaushal comes to her rescue and offers to marry her when he finds out that she is pregnant. They get married and Somna gives birth to a boy, Bobby. Shamsher is arrested and sent to jail for 6 years. Kaushal, who is unable to have children after an accident, is thrilled to be a father, adores and is virtually inseparable from Bobby. Five years later, Somna and Kaushal, while celebrating Bobby's 6th birthday, get a shock when Amar shows up at the party. Bobby loves his father  but can't help but become close with Amar his biological father, much to Somna and Kaushal's dismay. Somna forbids Bobby from meeting Amar but Kaushal allows him and tells Somna all he wants is to see Bobby happy. Somna despite this confronts Amar and Bobby confesses that she does not want him to visit him anymore. Amar is distressed by this and vows to stop seeing Bobby. During a walk with Kaushal, Bobby sees Amar and tries to catch up to him but ends up in a dynamite zone, injuring himself in the process. At the hospital the doctor states his condition is bad as he has lost a lot of blood. Kaushal's offers to give blood but his type does not match. Amar then offers his blood and being his real father, Amar's blood does match which saves Bobby's life. Kaushal is glad that Bobby is alive but cannot get over the fear of Amar taking him away from him. Amar pieces together the facts and realises that Bobby is indeed his son. Just as Kaushal feared he comes to take him away while Bobby is unconscious. Somna stops him and explains to him that Bobby is not his son nor her son but Kaushal's son. She explains to him how he saved her dignity by marrying her in spite of knowing the truth and how he loved Bobby more than anyone else and raised him like his own son. Kaushal overhears the whole conversation secretly. Amar saddened by this, regrets his actions and decides to let Kaushal keep Bobby and leave them forever. Kaushal offers to Somna to get back together with Amar and take Bobby with them but she refuses. Just as Amar leaves the next day, much to Bobby's dismay, Shamsher returns to the house and kidnaps Bobby in return for a ransom as well as Somna. However Bobby escapes Shamshers clutches and spots Amar in the distance. He runs after Amar but Shamsher gets hold of him once more and Kaushal and Somna step in to rescue him. Kaushal fights Shamsher but is eventually beaten. Shamsher throws Bobby of a cliff and chases after Somna. When all seems lost, Amar steps in having overseen the events from the mountain and fights Shamsher. Bobby is shown to be alive clinging on to a branch of the cliffside. Amar knocks Shamsher to the ground and descends using a rope, to rescue Bobby as the branch begins to snap. Upon trying to climb back up with Bobby, Shamsher returns yet again and tries to cut the rope. He easily overpowers Somna until Kaushal intervenes. Despite all the thrashing Shamsher gives to Kaushal, he refuses to let go of the rope. In a fit of rage Shamsher runs towards him hoping to tackle him to the ground but Kaushal uses the last of his strength to kick him off the cliffside where Shamsher plumments to his death. Amar returns safe with Bobby and along with Somna try to help Kaushal but it is too late for him. Kaushal in his last few breaths, states that he is happy that Bobby is alive and well and he tells Amar to take good care of him. All three mourn of the loss of Kaushal. A few years later Amar and Somna are shown to be back together and are admitting Bobby to the school. The headmaster asks for Bobby's first name and assumes it to be Amar. Amar states that is not true and declares him to be Kailash Bobby, the son of Kailash Nath Kaushal. The film ends with all three looking into the horizon."] ["Vikram Madan  is a ground maintenance engineer at the Chandigarh Airport. His social life is limited to one friend, Rajeev, the security chief of the same airport. Vikram's daughter is traveling with her teacher for a debate contest to Amritsar from Delhi. That flight gets hijacked by a group of six terrorists working for a man named Rasheed  who has been captured by the Indian police. The flight is forced to land at the Chandigarh Airport. These terrorists demand the release of Rasheed from the Indian Government or they threaten to kill the hostages inside the aircraft. Now Vikram is faced with a dilemma of being the only man who can sneak inside the aircraft and try to save the life of his daughter Priya. Once he breaches into the aircraft with the help of air hostess Saira , he starts plotting and planning and killing the terrorists one by one. Some innocent passengers become the victims of the terrorists and die. However somehow Vikram and Saira together saved the day."] [" The plot of Chori Chori is similar to the Hollywood movie HouseSitter. Khushi  is a careless worker always conning her boss and making excuses to not do her duty. She meets Ranbir Malhotra  and learns that the home he plans to build for his love is now a dream unfulfilled. After being dispelled from her job, she locates the bungalow and moves in, informing everyone that she is Ranbir's fiancée. There she meets Ranbir's family and Pooja , Ranbir's love.  When Ranbir returns, at first he is outraged at Khushi's intrusion in his life but then decides to play along with her to make Pooja jealous and fall in love with him. Khushi and Ranbir end up falling in love. However, Khushi's close encounter with reality and Ranbir's old commitments hold them back for a long time before they finally listen to their hearts."] ["The plot of Bangaarada Manushya revolves around Rajeeva ([[Rajkumar , who comes to visit his sister , only to find the sister's husband dead and the family in need of financial help. After their elder brother  leaves without providing any help, he decides to stay with his sister and help them out. With the help of the village head and family friend Rachutappa , he gets back the family owned land and starts cultivating it. He also sends the two sons of his sister, Keshava  and Chakrapani , to city for higher studies and also helps a friend of theirs with education. He resurrects {{convert}} of land that were left out by the villagers as barren land, and becomes rich. He also is in love with the neighbor's daughter , whom he plans to marry eventually. The two kids complete their studies and are married off, one of them to his brother's daughter. Now the downhill starts, with his wife dying in an accident and one of the sister's sons questioning his loyalty. Eventually he walks out of the family without a trace."] ['British journalist Crystal Chaurasia decides to make a documentary about a faded Bollywood star of yesteryear Karan Kumar. She follows KK as he tries to make his comeback with a new mov. Meanwhile his son Rahul disapproves of his efforts, but he increasingly comes to like Crystal.'] ['Kumar  is a well-known stage actor in Bombay, who performs plays along with his partner Shabhnam ([[Mumtaz . While on a trip to scenic Darjeeling, he meets and falls in love with Meena , the only daughter of a wealthy military contractor, Verma . Shortly thereafter, Kumar and Meena get married and return home to Bombay. Four years later, Meena\'s dad passes away after telling her something that he had hidden. Soon, Kumar notices that Meena does not accompany him to the stage any more, and excuses herself on the pretext of being ill. He finds clues that suggest that she is meeting somebody else on the sly. Suspicious, Kumar makes the excuse of going to Pune, and instead dons a beard and goes by the name of S.N. Sinha. He checks into a hotel, and writes his name in the hotel register. That night, he returns to his home, to find the door open, and before he can investigate anything, he hears a gunshot. Kumar runs into the room and finds Meena dead, shot in the neck. Enraged, he decides to call the police station, but realizes that he will be implicated in the murder - his fingerprints are on the gun, he is in disguise, and he is next to the body. Kumar returns to the hotel instead, and smokes a lot of cigarettes. The case is assigned to Inspector Ashok , and the next day, when Kumar "returns" to Bombay, Ashok observes that Kumar knows which room the body is, without being told by anyone. The coconut seller near Kumar\'s house says that he saw a bearded man in the area the night of the murder, and the owner of the hotel which Kumar had checked into calls the police, saying that a bearded man had checked into his hotel. The cigarettes that Kumar had smoked are recovered, and handed over to Ashok. When he visits Kumar at his house the next day, Kumar offers him the same brand of cigarette, rousing his suspicion. Soon, more clues surface, pointing at Kumar as the killer. In a fit of haste, Kumar decides to run away from the growing suspicion of Inspector Ashok. His friend, lawyer Jagmohan , says that he will now definitely be implicated as the murderer of Meena. Desperate, he finds a clue about the suspected killer from his home - a key with room number of a hotel. Kumar visits the room as a last attempt to clear things before he is caught. There, he meets Captain Rajesh who calms down him and tells him that none of them is the real killer. He tells Kumar that he is his wife\'s first husband, who was supposedly killed on the front, and how he wanted her to acquire their illegitimate child, Sarika, because she wouldn\'t be able to raise a child born out of wedlock. Captain Rajesh tells Kumar that whoever is the killer, was seen by Sarika because she was present in the room where Meena was murdered while both mother and daughter were playing and their activities being recorded by a video camera. Together, they try to find the girl, eventually tracing her to Ooty. Unknown to them, Inspector Ashok is on their trail. Soon, they both are arrested by him with the help of Ooty\'s Police. Kumar explains his case, and they try to find Sarika, and she is at the house of a man called Tejpal , who tries to run away from there. Shabnam and Jagmohan arrive with the video tape of the night that Meena was murdered. It is revealed that Tejpal is the killer, but he quickly draws a gun and picks up Sarika, threatening to kill her should any of them try to stop him. Captain Rajesh manages to save Sarika from Tejpal, but he is shot twice by the latter. Now free to attack him, Ashok draws his gun and shoots Tejpal, and Kumar rushes over to Captain Rajesh. Tejpal is killed by Ashok, and Sarika is safe. Captain Rajesh dies, and at the end of the movie, Kumar tells Shabnam that he cannot work - Meena was his only inspiration. Shabnam shows him Sarika sitting in Meena\'s seat, and he embraces Shabnam.'] ["{{Expand section}} Veer Pratap Singh  is a Pindari Prince and the son of the great Pindari warrior, Prithvi Singh , who was known for his great battles to free India from British rule. Veer wishes to continue his father's legacy by leading a movement of Pindaris against the British in order to free both the Rajasthani Kingdom of Madhavghar and the rest of India from the great colonial power. Veer receives the help of his younger brother, Punya Singh  in gathering together an army. However Veer finds opposition from the King of Madhavghar, Gyanendra Singh , who sees Veer as a threat to Madhavghar and his rule and orders for Veer to be killed. Veer and Punya along with their supporters go into hiding within the Thar Desert of Rajasthan, while Singh makes an alliance with the British Governor of Rajasthan, James Fraser , saying that Madhavghar will support the British in crushing the Pindari movement and eliminating Veer. To keep stakes high, the Pindaris kidnap Singh's daughter Princess Yashodhara , who Veer finds himself in love with. The Pindaris then make a failed attempt to take down Singh's palace by surprise. However Singh's spies discover the plan and thousands of Pindari warriors are slaughtered. Veer fails to get his revenge on the corrupt King. In the meantime, Lady Angela Fraser , wife of British Governor James Fraser, begins to question her husband's actions as he supports the evil king in slaughtering members of the Pindari movement. However Fraser refuses to back down his campaign in crushing the Pindari movement of Rajasthan. After Veer promises his father that he will finish Singh, he gatecrashes princes Yashodhara's Swayamvara. As he takes the princess away from the fort, Gyanendra Singh sees a vast army of Pindaris has surrounded his fort. He asks the British to help him but they refuse and make the Pindaris their ally in a bid to escape from Madhavghar. Before the British leave a battle follows in which the Governor and Gyanendra Singh both are killed. Veer, wounded from a gunshot, dies in the arms of his father. Years later it is shown that Veer's son and Prithvi are having a friendly fight."] ['Farhan Qureshi , Raju Rastogi  and Ranchhoddas "Rancho" Shamaldas Chhanchad  are three engineering students who share a room in the residence of Imperial College of Engineering . Farhan is studying engineering to pursue his father\'s wishes over his own wish — to become a wildlife photographer. Raju is studying to get his family out of poverty. On the other hand, Rancho studies for his simple passion in machines. Rancho believes that that one should follow excellence, not success, as success will take care of itself if excellence is followed. However, this different approach is sneered upon by the dean of the college, Professor Viru "Virus" Sahastrabudhhe . Virus\'s favorite student, Chatur "Silencer" Ramalingam , believes in mindless memorizing over understanding in order to reach his goals of corporate status. Rancho falls in love with Virus\'s daughter Pia , a medical student. Angered, Virus continually attempts to break Rancho\'s friendship with Farhan and Raju. Things further escalate when the three friends drunkenly break into Virus\'s house one night. The next day, Virus threatens to rusticate Raju unless he squeals on Rancho. Not wanting to betray his friend or let down his family, Raju attempts suicide and ends up in a coma. With two months of extensive care from his mother, Rancho, Farhan, and Pia, he makes a full recovery and thus discards his fear of the future. His frankness impresses the corporate agents during a job interview and they hire him. Farhan, goaded by his friends, convinces his parents to allow him to drop out of school and follow his wildlife photographer dream. Virus schemes to set Raju an impossibly tough final exam, as the job offer is contingent on graduation. Pia learns of this and informs Rancho and Farhan, who break into Virus\'s office for the exam. Virus catches them and expels them on the spot. Pia angrily confronts him, revealing that her brother, whom their father had pushed to become an engineer despite his preference for literature, committed suicide after failing ICE\'s entrance exam three times. Pia then flees to her hospital. Later that night, Pia\'s pregnant older sister Mona  goes into labor. A heavy rainstorm cuts all power and floods the streets, making it impossible for an ambulance – or Pia – to reach Mona. The students rig up a power supply and other equipment so that, with guidance from Pia by webcam, they can deliver the baby. The baby is apparently stillborn, but kicks when the students all chant Rancho\'s calming mantra "All is well." The baby recovers and Virus is thus obliged to forgive Rancho and his friends, allowing them to stay for their final exams. Their story is framed as intermittent flashbacks from the present day, ten years after Chatur bet that he\'d become more successful than Rancho. Chatur, who now boasts of his wealth and his bright career with an American company, is eager to rub Rancho\'s nose in it. Raju and Farhan have tried to find Rancho for five years with no results; with Chatur\'s help, they travel to the Chhanchad estate in Shimla, where they find a completely different man: the real Ranchhoddas Chanchad . They coerce the stranger into revealing the truth: their friend was an orphaned servant boy who loved learning, unlike the real Rancho. After seeing the boy\'s intelligence, Rancho\'s father arranged for the servant boy to go to college and earn a degree in Rancho\'s name. The real Rancho reveals that their friend is now a schoolteacher in Ladakh. On the way, the three rescue Pia from an unhappy wedding, over Chatur\'s objections: he wants to get the trip finished quickly, because he is in a hurry to seal a business deal with Phunsukh Wangdu, a renowned scientist. In Ladakh, Raju and Farhan find villagers working with gadgets that show the stamp of Rancho\'s ingenuity, and learn that Rancho has all of Farhan\'s photography books and reads Raju\'s blog every day. The three friends reunite and Pia and Rancho rekindle their love, while Chatur mocks Rancho. However, Rancho reveals his true name: Phunsukh Wangdu. Chatur, mortified, accepts his defeat and pleads with Phunsukh to forgive him and accept his company\'s contract. Phunsukh, Pia, Farhan and Raju run laughing into the distance with Chatur in pursuit.'] ['Soumitra Chatterjee plays Narsingh, a taxi driver. Narsingh is a proud and hot-tempered Rajput with a passion for his car, a vintage 1930 Chrysler and his Rajput heritage. Being a descendent of the royal family of rajput his self-esteem is reflected through his inability of accepting insult and defeat, as a result he even takes part into small race with his car. He does not want to be the one who falls behind and develops a strong hatred of women and mankind in general. As a result of reckless driving which was actually overtaking the same car which carried the district inspector, his licence was sacked. He was utterly destroyed by it, since the cab was his life after his wife had left him for good, deep into the gloom of the insult and a feeling of rootlessness he decided to go back to the land of rajput where the true rajput blood will be respected. While on the way for an aimless journey, Narasingh was picked up by Sukharam who is a local Marwari businessman with a record of smuggling and trafficking of village girls.  Sukhanram  offers him a handsome fee to transport some goods which is nothing other than opium. The realisation of the immoral trade puts Narshing into position of compromising his faith to proud Rajput blood. But he decides to join hand with Sukhanram, after all no one he saw was truly following the law and morality not even his ideal and beloved Neeli . Neeli runs away with the crippled lover of hers and the deep distrust in Narshings mind for women deepens. As a result even after knowing that Gulabi is a victim of Sukhanrams trafficking he forces her to sleep with him without any emotional involvement. At this point he is almost on the verge of becoming the one he used to hate, the lawless ones who are also coward to face the world. Gulabi on the other hand is a melancholy, demonstrative and beautiful village widow, Gulabi . Gulabi is instinctively drawn to Narsingh. Who even after losing so much of her dignity looks at the bright side of life and has trust that Narshing is not immoral. She right from the beginning is attracted to him and ready for a physical relationship, thoguh not as a prostitute which Sukhanram wanted to make her in time, but as a village girl.  After he decides to join the gang of smugglers consisting of a legal deal and selling his car he finds that all of his friends who still were there with him Rama, and Neeli&#39;s brother are no longer with him. He got the money and social status he wanted but became like Mama Bhagne a symbol for human being carrying the baggage of its own sin on top of its head, ready to topple anytime and be reduced to mere pebbles with no dignity. He changes, and rescues Gulabi just in time she was to be sold to the same lawer who was a member of the smuggling racket he thought of joining. The tension of the good and evil collapses and the old car makes another journey into nothingness but a definite halo of light ahead of it, the light of love.'] ['The film begins in a rural village in Bihar,, this unchecked trend leads to the village being populated solely by males. The now uncouth and aggressive young men of the village are desperate for wives and release their frustration through group screenings of imported pornographic films, cross-dressed dance performances, and even bestiality. They are shown to be willing to go to the lengths of human trafficking and courtship-driven emigration in order to procure spouses for themselves. The wealthy father Ramcharan  of five boys finds out about a single young woman, named Kalki , living some distance from the village, and literally buys her from her father. She is then married to all five sons. Each night of the week, she is forced to sleep with one of the sons, and the father also gets his weekly night with her. Of all the men in the boorish lot, only the youngest son treats her with respect and tenderness. When the youngest son is killed by his jealous brothers, and an escape attempt with a sympathetic domestic servant goes lethally awry, she becomes a pawn of revenge in an inter-community conflict, and an unwilling object of sexual release for even more men. She is chained to a post in the cow shed and gang raped mercilessly night after night. The film ends on a violent but hopeful note, as she bears a baby girl while the men of the village kill each other off over rights to her and her child.'] [" A gang of heavily armed men scour and finally narrow down on a house in Wasseypur. They surround the house and unleash a wave of bullets and grenades on it with the intention of killing the family inside it. After heavy firing on the house, they retreat away from the crime scene in a vehicle, convinced they have killed everyone within. The leader of the gang then calls one JP Singh  on his cell phone and reports that the family have been successfully executed but he is double crossed by JP Singh as a fire fight erupts between them and a police check post blocking their escape route. The scene cuts abruptly for a prologue by the narrator, Nasir.  The narration describes the history and nature of Wasseypur. The village has been historically ruled by the Qureshi Muslims, a sub-caste of animal butchers who are feared by the non-Qureshi Muslims in Wasseypur and Dhanbad by extension. During the British Raj, the British seized the farm lands of Dhanbad for coal which began the business of coal mining in Dhanbad. The region was a hotbed of the local faceless dacoit Sultana Qureshi who robbed British trains in the night and thus holds some patriotic value for the locals.  Shahid Khan , a Pathan, takes advantage of the mysteriousness of the faceless dacoit Sultana, a Qureshi, by impersonating his identity to rob British ferry trains. The Qureshi clans eventually find out and order the banishment of Shahid Khan and his family from Wasseypur. They settle down in Dhanbad where Shahid begins work as a labourer in a coal mine. He is unable to be at his wife's side who dies during childbirth. The enraged Shahid kills the coal-mines muscleman who had denied him leave on that day. In 1947, Independent India begins to assert its authority over itself. The British coal mines are sold to Indian industrialists and Ramadhir Singh  receives a few coal-mines in the Dhanbad region. He hires Shahid as the new muscle-man of the coal mine who terrorizes the local population to seize their lands and extract compliance. On a rainy day, Ramadhir Singh overhears Shahid's ambitions of taking over the coal mines from him. Singh tricks Shahid to travel to Varanasi for business but instead, he is murdered. Nasir finds Ramadhir's umbrella with his initials near the door, concluding that Ramadhir eavesdropped on their conversation. He flees from the place with Shahid's son Sardar in the nick of time as Ehsaan Qureshi , another associate of Ramaadhir Singh shows up too late for killing them. An unsuccessful Ehsaan lies to Singh that Shahid's family has been murdered and buried. Sardar grows along with his cousin Asghar  and learns the truth about his fathers death upon which he shaves his head vowing not to grow it until Ramadhir singh is dead.  Ramadhir Singh establishes himself in the coal mining by misusing his position and power as a trade union leader by turning it into a mafia organisation threatening labourers into giving a substantial portion of their income to Ramaadhir's henchmen. Singh encourages the labourers to dip the coal ores into water to fake production output.  The coal mines are nationalised. A mature Sardar Khan  and his kins start hijacking Ramaadhir's coal trucks mid transit but Ramadhir Singh suspects the foul play on SP Sinha, a Coal India official and murders him. Post Sinha's murder, Ramaadhir starts being feared by everyone in Dhanbad. Sardar marries Nagma Khatoon . The pregnant Khatoon confronts Sardar Khan and a prostitute inside a brothel and chases him away. Later, Nagma gives birth to Danish but gets pregnant immediately afterwards. Unable to have sex with a pregnant Nagma, Sardar confesses his sexual frustrations with his kins. At dinner, Nagma gives her consent to Sardar to sleep with other women but with the condition that he won't bring them home or dishonour the family name. Sardar and Asghar start working for JP Singh. They misuse their employment by secretly selling the company petrol in the black market. Later, they rob a petrol pump and a train bogey belonging to the Singh family. They usurp Singh's land leading which forces the two families to confront each other for talks. The meeting ends in a scuffle with Ramaadhir Singh realising that Sardar Khan is in fact the son of Shahid khan who he had murdered in the late 40s. Sardar and Asghar are sent for jail time for hitting JP Singh.  Sardar and Asghar escape from the jail. While hiding in Wasseyur, Sardar marries a Bengali Hindu girl named Durga . Asghar informs Nagma that Sardar has taken a second wife leaving Nagma helpless at the situation. Meanwhile, Wasseypur has merged with Dhanbad where the Qureshi goons terrorize the non-Qureshi Muslims. The locals approach Sardar Khan for help. During Muharram, both Shias and Sunnis are out mourning including the Qureshi clan. Sardar uses the opportunity to launch a major bomb attack on many Qureshi shops and houses. The word spreads about Sardar's raids and the people start fearing Sardar more than the Qureshis. Eventually, Sardar returns home to Nagma and she gets pregnant again. Sardar tries to initiate sex with a pregnant Nagma but she refuses which prompts an angry Sardar to leave her. He goes to stay with his second wife, Durga where she gives birth to his son, Definite. Ramaadhir Singh, noticing that Sardar has abandoned his first family, tries to reach out through Danish by giving him money. An enraged Nagma beats Danish for taking the money while she breaks down in front of Nasir. A thirsty Faizal wakes up in the middle of the night to find Nagma and Nasir about to have sex. Angry, he storms out of the house and becomes a junkie. Nasir reveals that the desires were never consummated. Faizal and Nasir never see eye to eye again.  Sensing Sardar's increasing clout, Ramaadhir calls his old associate Ehsaan Qureshi who brokers a meeting between Sultan Qureshi and Ramaadhir Singh where the two decide to become allies against their common enemy, Sardar Khan. Sultan asks Ramaadhir for modern automatic weapons which the latter promises to give.  Sardar becomes the most feared man in Wasseypur and shifts his business to stealing iron ore. Danish Khan joins in the family business. A failed attack from Sultan Qureshi leaves Danish with a minor injury and causes reconciliation between Sardar and Nagma. Sardar finds Ramaadhir and warns him of terrible consequences if anything ever happens to his family. A mature Faizal is seriously affected by Bollywood movies as he starts behaving, talking and dressing like Bollywood characters. Faizal is caught by the police for buying guns and jailed. Upon release, he kills the gun-seller who had implicated him to police earlier. Meanwhile, Sardar seizes a lake belonging to a local temple and charges commission on fish sellers who make a catch in that lake. An uneasy peace is maintained between the Qureshi and Khan families when Danish Khan marries Shama Parveen, the sister of Sultan Qureshi. Faizal reveals to a friend that his father Sardar would be travelling without security the next day. Late night, while Faizal is still asleep, his friend who turns out to be a spy calls up the Qureshis and passes this bit of information to them. Sardar leaves home alone and reaches the Durga household to give them their expense allowance. Durga turns out to be yet another Qureshi spy. The Qureshi men follow Sardars car and when the latter stops at a petrol pump to refuel they start shooting while Sardar ducks in the car for cover. The Qureshi men put several close rounds through the car window ensuring a precise & unmistakable hit after which they escape. A shocked Sardar opens the car door and stands up to reveal multiple bullet wounds, one directly on his head. He steps out with his gun drawn trying to locate the shooters but he eventually collapses to his death on a ferry cycle.  {{Main}}"] ["Sudama Pandey  is a notorious criminal who runs a global operation of capturing women on camera. He operates out of London and is assisted by his 2 partners in crime . Be it a honeymoon bedroom, changing rooms, girls hostels, none of these places miss the third eye. The eye of a camera! First they capture girls on films and then abuse them, both physically and mentally. One such girl who gets trapped by them is Sapna . She is a lovely girl who had dreams in her eyes and wanted to make it big in her career. She was happy to have found love in her life through her fiancé. But her life was to be short-lived. She is murdered by Sudama's gang and a lovely personality came to an end. As luck would have it, the murder is witnessed by Ammu  who tries to rescue Sapna but her effort goes in vain. Ammu is terrorized by the events around her. But this was not an end to her ordeal as now she is being chased by Sapna's murderers. Meanwhile her sister Aarti  and her partner Rahul  too are in lookout for her as she has gone missing. Soon enters the scene Sapna'a fiancé Arjun Singh  who turns out to be none other than an A.C.P. in Mumbai. As a part of his assignment he had been on lookout for Sudama that leads him to London. And in London he has only one clue that could take him to his destination - Ammu! Unfortunately the clue herself is gone missing. He makes all possible attempts to find her but reaches a dead end. He can't find Ammu...and he doesn't have anyone else for help. He has to do everything all alone. The war is ON...and now the world would see the good win over evil. Because now Arjun just doesn't have to fight criminals...he also has to fight technology."] ["Billu  is a poor barber who lives with his wife Bindiya  and their two children, Gunja  and Ronak  in the village of Budbuda. He also spends time with his close friends Budbudiya  and Naubat Chacha . Though struggling, Billu lives an uneventful life until Bollywood superstar Sahir Khan  comes to the village for a film shoot. Billu has mentioned to his family that he knows Sahir from the past but has never elaborated how he knows the star. When his children talk about their father's friendship with the star, word spreads throughout the village. Virtually overnight, Billu, who had previously been scorned by most due to his lowly state, becomes the center of attention. People who had spurned him only the week before now call him a close friend so that he will introduce them to Sahir. Billu refuses and downplays the friendship. Even so, the powerful businessman Sahukaar Daamchand  demands to see Sahir and offers Billu expensive gifts in order to gain such a meeting. When Billu consistently fails to introduce the people of the village to Sahir, his situation changes once again. He is accused of lying about his friendship and everyone — including his wife and children — begin to doubt his character and integrity. Rather than defend himself, Billu remains quiet about the nature of his and Sahir's friendship. On Sahir's last day in the village, the star speaks at a local school. He tells the children about his own impoverished childhood when he had nothing but a special friendship with another young boy, named Billu. It was Billu who had taken care of Sahir and eventually helped him travel to Mumbai where Sahir became a star. Billu, who is standing at the back of the event, leaves during the talk without revealing to Sahir that he is there. But the townspeople, realizing their error, take Sahir to Billu's house. Billu's children come home and apologize to their father. Then, Sahir appears in his car and is reunited with Billu. In the end, Sahir must leave for another shoot but promises that his and Billu's friendship is reignited and will remain friends."] ["Maj. Siddhant Chaudhary  and Maj. Akash Kapoor  are lawyers in the Indian army and are close friends. They are on opposite sides of a case where a soldier kills his commanding officer. The accused is mysteriously silent and not willing to talk about the incident. Siddhant, who is the defense counsel, is apathetic at first but starts taking a keen interest in the case after meeting Kavya , a journalist who demonstrates that the case is not as simple as it seems. The underlying theme in the movie is Siddhant's gradual understanding of what Shaurya means , and the resulting conflict with Brigadier Rudra Pratap Singh"] ["Sreedharan was single man in his late-20s who runs a car repair shop. He is on the lookout for a bride, but he is only interested in girls who did graduation since Sreedharan himself was unable to study so far. Sreedharan's uncle leaves his daughter with Sreedharan since her college was nearby. He also asks Sreedharan to be her local guardian. His uncle also mentioned that he is interested in the marriage of her to Sreedharan. Sreedharan and his family tries everything to make the girl happy, but the girl is very rude and does not like anyone in the family no matter what. Slowly Sreedharan understands that this is because she feels rejected and unloved by her family for sending her to boarding school for many years and that coupled with the idea that her lover had ditched her who was the only relief for her. Sreedharan goes in search of his boyfriend to ask him to marry her. He finds that her boyfriend left her because he lost his legs in an accident. Sreedharan helps Aswathi unite with her boyfriend and they gets happily united. Sreedharan continues his search of a bride for him."] ['Billa is the story of one of the most powerful men in the business of crime, who in spite of being one of the most wanted on the list of Interpol, remains elusive to the police. Along with the police, Billa  makes a few other enemies through his merciless approach in running his organisation, especially when he kills one of his own men, Rajesh, when Rajesh decides to leave the business. This introduces Billa to two new enemies, Kamini ([[Helen , Rajesh’s fiancee, and Priya,  Rajesh’s sister. When Kamini seduces Billa and attempts to have the police arrest him, her plan backfires as Billa outsmarts her and escapes, and in the process Kamini was killed. A shattered, revenge-seeking Priya cuts her hair short, trains in judo and karate,and then enters Billa’s gang after deceiving them into thinking that she too is on the wrong side of the law. Billa is impressed with her fighting skills and allows her to work for him, without realising her true intentions. Meanwhile, after a couple of unsuccessful attempts at nabbing Billa, the police finally succeed, but Billa dies during the pursuit, botching DSP Alexander’s  plan to reach the source of all crime—the man Billa reported to-by capturing Billa alive. DSP buries Billa’s body, ensuring that people believe that he is still be alive. As luck would have it, DSP remembers his chance encounter with Rajappa alias Raju , a simpleton trying to survive in the hustle and bustle of Chennai in order to support two small foster kids, who is an exact lookalike of Billa. DSP hatches a plan to transform Raju into Billa and place him back into the crime nexus, but this time as a police informer.  Around the time Raju "returns" to Billa\'s gang as Billa under the guise of amnesia. JJ , just released from jail, begins his mission of revenge against DSP  and his search for his children who had been saved and taken care off by Raju. Raju manages to replace the red diary with a blank one, and tells his gang that he is going to take revenge on the DSP, but is actually going there to give him the red diary. Priya goes after him, but Raju survives the attack and he tries to explain to her that he is not Billa, but Raju. She refuses to believe him at first but DSP intervenes and tells her that the man she is trying to kill is indeed Raju. Meanwhile, as Raju learns more and more about Billa through the discovery of his diary and Priya’s help, he announces to his colleagues that his memory is back. Celebrations ensue, as "Billa" announces his return to the underworld, but things take a drastic turn when the police raid the celebrations, acting upon Raju\'s information, but Raju’s only witness to his true identity, DSP Alexander, dies in the crossfire and Raju is captured by the police. Tangled in a web of confusion when the police refused to believe that he is Raju, whereas his underworld gang realise that he is indeed not Billa, Raju becomes not only hated by the police, but also by Billa’s right-hand and the rest of his gang. To add to Raju’s woes, Billa’s diary which he had handed over to DSP – his last hope of proving his innocence – is stolen by JJ in an attempt to track down his lost children, without realising that Raju is the one man who can reunite them. Raju escapes the clutches of the police and the underworld with Priya’s help and returns to his old self though he struggles to prove his identity and innocence. He eventually finds out that the Interpol Officer Gokulnath is Jagdish, the real underworld crime boss and after a long fight against Jagdish\'s men, Priya ends up getting the diary and one of the gangster\'s snatches it and burns it. The end reveals that the diary which was burnt was, in fact, the fake diary and Raju had the real one in order to trick Jagdish, he gives the proof to the police and cleared of all charges against him, Jagdish is arrested and Raju returns to his old life.'] ['In this cartoon, we start with flashbacks featuring a "Goofy"-like version of Christopher Columbus, who is given a cigar by a Native American. His three ships bring it back to their country, with smoke floating from them. A man in Europe rolls a cigar with a leaf and a midget lights it with a small torch, and we see the impact of the popularity of smoking today. Then we fade to Goofy, in the role of George Geef, who is an extreme nicotine addict, smoking various cigarettes, cigars and pipes, as we watch him smoke during the evening and as he goes to bed , when he wakes up in the morning, as he shaves, as he drinks coffee and at work. But soon his throat tickles and his eyes get irritated and he cannot blow out his matches. So he throws away all of his smoking products and decides to quit. It works fine at first, and feels he can do it. But then the boss congratulates George for being able to quit smoking, and as he lights up a cigarette, he says "It ain\'t easy. If it was, I\'d quit!" Another employee, who is now a father, nearly offers George a cigar in honor of the occasion, but then remembers that he quit smoking. Almost everyone at the office still smokes, and George admits that he loves smoking, and he babbles like crazy and runs out of the office like a madman, leading into the following montage...  Throughout the rest of the cartoon, George is searching for a smoke, while he keeps crying, "Smoke! Smoke! Smoke!" Here\'s where he finds them, only to have them removed in some way or another. *He tries to go into a tobacco store, but it\'s now closed. He then swipes a cigar from the wooden Indian statue near the door. He is about to light it, but a voice calls out "Ugh!" and a well-thrown tomahawk splits the cigar in half. *He finds some tobacco from a man filling his pipe and a small piece of paper. He then tries to roll his own cigarette the old-fashioned way, but fails. *He tries to pick up a discarded cigar, but a foot steps on it, flattening it and gets his hand in the process, leaving an imprint on his hand that reads, "Pussyfoot". *He picks up another cigar near an elevator doorway, but the door closes on the cigar and as the elevator rises, so does the cigar. *He goes into a smoking room, but is kicked out because it\'s for women only. *He struggles with a hobo to get a cigarette, but the hobo wins and bops him in the nose. *He tries to grab a cigar rolling down the street, but it falls into a drainage grate. *He grabs what looks like a cigar from a man with a bunch of them, but it\'s actually a now-leaky fountain pen. *He picks up a white pipe, but it gets blasted to bits as a target in an amusement park shooting gallery. A barker then says, "And the little man wins a big cigar!" *He looks up to see a janitor on a skyscraper drop a cigarette. He eagerly holds out his hand to get it, and even tries to use a ladder to get it, but when he does, it\'s spent completely; nothing but ashes are left of the cigarette. *Finally, an elderly gentleman gives him a cigar, but it\'s an exploding cigar, which George still smokes, while the narrator says, "Give a smoker enough rope, and he\'ll hang...on to his habit."'] ["Subramania Siva  is in jail, awaiting the death sentence for killing corrupt and evil members of the police force who had killed his father and sister. SP of Police, Nethiadi Nandakumar  is an honest, fearless and upright police officer who has been given the mission to flush out the terrorist outfit behind the Coimbatore blasts. He decides to employ unconventional methods to fulfill his mission and engages Siva to assist him, renaming him Paramasivan, and giving him a single point agenda – trace out and erase the persons responsible for the Coimbatore blasts. Unaware to Paramasivam, Nandakumar intends on killing him after the mission is completed. The fly in the ointment is played by Nair , a CBI officer, who is out to trace Paramasivan and stop his unlawful activities. His assistant, SI Agniputran is played by Vivek, who provides lighter moments. How Paramasivan finishes the villains and finishes his job forms the rest of the story. Paramasivan comes to know of Nandakumar's idea to kill him after the mission during the last few scenes where the CBI officer Nair intervenes and eventually the hero is forgiven and starts a new life with his lover Laila."] ['Sonia  lives with her mother, Mallika  and grandmother  because her parents had divorced when she was ten. A fortnight before her eighteenth birthday, she picks an argument with her mother about her coming home late after the Christmas Party. Her mother tells her to stay within limits and arrive home in time. She is reluctant to abide by the rule and after much negotiation demands that she would listen to everything if she gets to meet her father. Then she leaves home and goes swimming in the sea to vent out. Far into the sea, she vanishes underwater. She wakes up in the evening in a cottage which has no exit. At first she doesn\'t believe that she has been kidnapped and thinks that her friends are playing a prank on her. The abductor Kabir ([[Imran Khan  tells her how she came there. When she went swimming in the open sea, he pulled her below the water surface and knocked her unconscious using a bottled chloroform. On the other hand, everyone is worried at her home. Next morning, her mother receives a call from Kabir wherein he says that he is interested in speaking to her father, Vikrant Raina , a New York based Indian business tycoon, with whom he has an old score to settle. Vikrant Raina is introduced as a very cruel and heartless person but a very wealthy man, worth of USD 51.7 billion. He is in India because he believes someone has emptied a large share of his money. While there, he sees Mallika in the lounge and asks what brought her there. She tells him that Sonia has been kidnapped and that the kidnapper wants to speak to him only. Its around 3 p.m. when the kidnapper calls again. Vikrant and Sonia speak to each other for the first time in eight years. Kabir tells Vikrant that the money is safe in his own account. Vikrant wants to know what the reason behind the kidnapping is. Kabir tells him that he has to do a couple of things so as to release his daughter. The very first of them is saying "Sorry" to Sister Margaret whom he would find on a train from Panvel at 4 p.m. Vikrant says its crazy to reach there in half an hour. But Kabir tells him that she has a clue of how the father and daughter can meet. Vikrant is determined to reach the place by 4 and he has to overcome unwarranted circumstances. Sister Margaret hands over a piece of paper which has a poetry written on it. Vikrant knows there is something in it so he involves a detective Irfan  who has solved many corporate kidnapping case successfully in the past. But Kabir is interested in playing a deadly game with Raina. He is asked to perform daring tasks  which would reward him with a clue to identify the kidnapper and the motive of kidnapping and at the same time Kabir start to lose control with Sonia but still he stays away from her. On the other hand its hard to believe for Sonia that she has been kidnapped. Initially Kabir is good with her but when she tries to stab Kabir by the name of flirting and hurt his leg and he becomes furious so he tries to misbehave her but he understands that this is not his motivation and leaves her but he ties her up. He survives and takes her to the known cottage. She soon realizes that this house is old cottage. Kabir tells her that when he was a kid he was accused of kidnapping Sonia by Raina when he was trying to save his friend who had fallen from a ladder by borrowing Raina\'s car which was known to him. He spent a lot of time in jail too. He shows Sonia all the marks he had in prison. One day when he calls no one picks up. He decides to pay a visit there but is detected by Raina and Irfan. He loses Raina but lets him meet his daughter. He tells him to remove Irfan and that he has to flee a prisoner next. Raina does it and follows Kabir. But Irfan attacks Kabir and Raina loses his trail. Vikrant gets to know Sonia\'s location and reaches there but doesn\'t find her. The next task is a murder on New Year Eve night,which turns out to be of Kabir himself.. After he does it,Kabir emerges safe and asks him if he really thinks that Kabir was a criminal.After saying sorry to Kabir,Raina finds himself all alone and he gets to know where Sonia is from Kabir\'s jacket and rescues her. In the end he unites with his wife and the family is happy. At the end Sonia, Vikrant, and Mallika are shown at a restaurant. Sonia starts saying that how happy she is about her family being back together, but starts crying because of how happy she is. While she is going to the washroom to freshen up someone says "Hey you," who turns out to be Kabir. Kabir then says that he\'s sorry for what he did to her and she didn\'t deserve it. Kabir tells her that he now works at a software company. Sonia says that she wishes him the best in life and he says the same to her. He then jokingly says that next time she goes swimming she shouldn\'t go to far out in the sea. They say good-bye and go their own ways.'] ["Biraj  is married off to Nilambar Chakraborty  when she was a little girl. The couple is childless. Nilambar is pious, generous and loving, but unemployed. His devious younger brother takes advantage of Nilambar's naiveté to force a partition of the home and buy off their joint land under an assumed name from the lender it was mortgaged to. Nilambar and Biraj are reduced to a wretched existence. To make matters worse, Deodhar, a wealthy young contractor who arrives in the village, sees Biraj and captivated by her beauty, tries to bribe Biraj's erstwhile maid Sundari, to lure her to his boat. After several dramatic twists and turns, Biraj is kidnapped but she jumps off the boat before he can do any harm. She runs away from the hospital in the middle of the night to see her husband one last time. He had promised that he would bless her at the time of her death and that she would die at his feet."] ["When the Kalakar Theatre Company, a theatre group in Goa, attempts to stage a political drama, the local authorities close down the play and force them to perform a more traditional play, a stage version of Mughal-E-Azam. The company then discovers that an underworld don is engineering a bomb blast to shake confidence in the Indian government. The drama company forms a plan to save the entire city from the blast. The actors, led by their producer Uday , are assisted by RAW agent Arjun Rastogi  in their efforts to foil the bombing. Arjun falls in love with Uday's wife, Shabnam  who also becomes involved with an ISI agent . Performing multiple roles in disguise, the characters eventually save the entire nation from the bomb blast."] ["This movie is about the life of Madhavankutty , a bachelor protective brother of five younger sisters. Their father ([[Innocent  married again after the death of his first wife and after that his 6 children never speaks with them. In his second marriage he has two daughters. The eldest of Madhavankutty's sister, Seetha was raped by her professor. Madhavankutty asked his sister to marry the professor who was quite old and so the other sisters were unhappy, who did not know about the matter. His second sister, Ammu hence elopes with their uncle's son and later comes to stay in their neighborhood itself. Madhavankutty's enemies try to kill his brother-in-law and put the blame on Madhavankutty. Luckily, his brother-in-law survives and tells the truth."] ["Kosi ([[Arya  and Selva , are contract killers working for a middleman with the ironic name of Sami . Director Vishnuvardan portrays this morbid telling of two orphaned youths with incredible realism of trust, friendship, and ultimate betrayal masterfully. Kosi is an unblinking man with a stubborn feel for life thereby refusing to love and be loved. Selva, deaf and dumb, is equally intrepid although he has a heart ticking beneath the dark, dire exterior. Saroja , a salesgirl at a garment company is an outgoing and sprightly girl and is a friend of both Kosi and Selva. She is in deeply in love with Kosi but the latter only finds her presence as a nuisance whereas Saroja's chief manager who stubbornly tries to make Saroja sleep with him. In stark contrast to this romance, is the love between Selva and Sandhya  who are smitten with each other after some fate-based encounters that bring some light-hearted humor to the film. As the film progresses, Kosi and Saroja end up sleeping together when Kosi begins to drink excessively, promptly making him start to realize his feelings for Saroja. Unfortunately this new-found happiness does not last as their profession does not allow it to. Kosi and Selva set out to assassinate Avinashi Nachimuthu Gounder , a business tycoon and uprising politician as instructed to do so by Sami. Kosi and Selva mutually agree to make this assignment their last and to begin leading normal lives with their newfound loves Saroja and Sandhya respectively. A new twist occurs in the story where the people who hired Saami told him to finish off Kosi and Selva once the job is completed. Upon preparing for the assassination, Kosi becomes unable to think as he finds himself overwhelmed with feelings of love, at which point Selva decides that he should finish the execution himself and Kosi should go speak with Saroja. Kosi visits Saroja at her home where he finds her with shivering and with bruises. Saroja then tells Kosi how her chief manager intruded the house and sexually violated her after she refused to love him. Infuriated at this, an emotionally shaken Kosi finds the manager and beats him to a horrific death. Meanwhile, Selva had cunningly assassinated Avinashi Nachimuthu Gounder and is returning home. The manager's boss who happens to be a big don himself finds out that Kosi is the one responsible for the manager's death and seeks out revenge. He gets a hold of Saami and blackmails him to bring Kosi to him for his life.Unknowingly, Kosi goes with Saami and is killed in the ambush from a gunshot to his head. Selva who returns later finds out about this unfortunate event and seeks revenge. He visits Sandhya and questions her about his Kosi's murder and the people responsible for his death. He intrudes the don's house and kills everyone in his way including the don. When Selva returned home, Sandhya was shocked to see him with his many injuries. Sandhya tells Selva to wait by the door while she went to call for an auto rickshaw to get them both to the hospital. Meanwhile, the irritating boy who appeared before begging for a job, stabs Selva in the same approach as Selva did in the introduction scene in the hotel room. The boy who was still recovering for the shock that he actually stabbed Selva, stabbed him again multiple times when he saw Sandhya rushing towards him. Selva dies from the multiple wounds and falls on Sandhya's lap. In the scene before the credits, a scene is shown where Saami is having a chat with the boy who committed the murder. The scene is shown as a deja-vu where Saami convinces Kosi and Selva that they're all part of this scheme together. Saami uses the same dialogue to the boy letting the audience connect that the boy will end being killed too."] ["Vijay Harshwardhan Malik , the ethical CEO of struggling television channel India 24/7, is losing the ratings battle with a rival channel headed by Amrish Kakkar . Malik's son Jai  makes a deal with a wealthy and corrupt politician, Mohan Pandey , to frame the Prime Minister  for being complicit in a terror attack. Pandey can then take over the position and Jai will have enough money to start his own channel. Jai's brother-in-law  supports Mohan Pandey because he wants to become the biggest industrialist in the country and Pandey could help him by framing such policies. Jai shoots a short video featuring his friend Khanna and a close friend of the PM. This meeting is staged and the PM's friend, under duress, says that the PM was involved in plotting a bomb blast so as to create fear and panic among the people so that he could get a bill passed. Jai convinces his father that the story is true and believing it to be so, Malik airs it on his network. The scandal rocks the nation and elections are held in which Mohan Pandey wins. He becomes the PM. However, one of Malik's reporters, Purab , discovers the plot. He initially approaches Amrish Kakkar with a request to air his findings on the news. Amrish, though, cuts a deal with Mohan Pandey and does not air the CD. Purab then tells his boss of his findings on the day his son is getting engaged. Malik goes on air one final time and confesses the wrongdoings of his son, son-in-law and exposes Mohan Pandey. Unable to bear the guilt, Jai commits suicide. Mohan Pandey denies his role in the scandal. Malik steps down as the CEO of the news channel and hands over the baton to the reporter who exposed the truth."] ['Auro  is an intelligent and witty 12-year-old boy with an extremely rare genetic disorder called progeria. Mentally he is twelve and very normal, but physically he looks five times older. In spite of his condition, Auro is a very happy boy. He lives with his mother Vidya  who is a gynecologist. Amol Arte  is a young, cold blooded politician. He is out to prove to the world that \'politics\' is not a bad word. He is a man with a mission. Auro is Amol\'s son; however, Vidya conceals this from him. Amol meets Auro when he visits the boy\'s school. Though he does not know that Auro is his son, he takes him to Delhi to see the president\'s house. Auro, who knows the truth, tries to get his mother and father back together, but Vidya resists, still hurt by the fact that Amol wanted her to have an abortion when they first found out she was pregnant. Amol realizes his mistake though, and proposes to Vidya, as he is still in love with her. He stays by Auro\'s side when he finds out that Auro is his son. Auro\'s health begins to deteriorate as he reaches his 13th birthday, his physical defects catching up. However, he is finally able to reunite his mother and father once again as Vidya gives in to her feelings for Amol and her motherly love for Auro. Auro, succumbing to his disease, says his last words "Maa" and "Paa" before dying with a satisfying smile.'] ['Arasaktchi is a routine story of a youth seeking vendetta against the corrupt lawyers . The storyline is interesting but the manner in which the vendetta takes place spoils the film. Inspired from an Hollywood film which focussed on the nexus between the judiciary- police in New York, director Maharasan spins off a tale to suit the local condition and in the process leaves behind lot of holes in the narration. At the very outset the film gives you a taste of things to come. Anandraj a lawyer who argues for rapists and murderers is killed by a cricket ball hit by Arjun. Arjun is a GM of a five star hotel owned by S V Shekar. Shekar’s daughter is Lara Dutta who is introduced with a sexy song. She comes from abroad to join her dad’s hotel but only as a traineee under the macho GM. Within no time Lara is in love with Arjun. It’s now time for duets . Lara’s friend Karan is a campaigner of public cause. His efforts lead to a brothel raid and a minister getting arrested. The minister’s goons bump off Karan and Arjun is an eyewitness. Arjun refuses to testify and Lara walks out on him. Charanraj pleads for the killer and lets him off. Arjun bumps off Charanraj. Nazar a military officer is a witness to the murder. Nazar even postpones his heart operation till the killer is nabbed. Arjun now tells his story of why he is on a hunt of the lawyers who plead for the bad guys. Nazar gives up his mission. Next Devan takes a brief for a rapist and he too is killed. Next is the turn of Raghuvaran who comes from Delhi. The surprise element is that Raghuvaran is the brother in law of Arjun. Raghuvaran’s wife is the long lost sister of Arjun. Now the brother- sister sentiment comes into play. Finally the story ends with Raghuvaran being shot dead by Arjun in the court premises. The police open fire and bystanders form a human wall and get shot at. Arjun tells TV crew about how his mission has spread to the masses.'] ['New York begins in the United States in 2008, with the arrest by the FBI of Omar  after guns were found in the trunk of a taxi cab he owned. Omar, a young Muslim man originally from Delhi, is then taken into custody and interrogated by FBI Agent Roshan  . Omar then discovers that he was set up by the FBI in order to force him to spy on a former college friend, Sam or Samir Sheikh ([[John Abraham , whom he hasn\'t seen in seven years and who the FBI believes is a terrorist. In the process, Omar discovers that Sam has married Maya , another college friend, and that they have a young son, Danyal . Roshan orders Omar to tell him everything he knows about Sam. The film then flashes back to September 1999 when Omar begins his studies at  New York State University. He is befriended by his international student counselor Maya and learns that though she was born and raised in New York, she is fluent in Hindi because of her mother\'s interest in Bollywood films. Omar also meets Sam, another Indian American who is also Muslim and fluent in Hindi due to the fact that his father is a professor of Indian studies. Over the next two years, all three become inseparable friends and gradually Omar falls in love with Maya. When Omar realizes that she loves Sam, however, he distances himself from them both. Their carefree days finally end with the onset of 9/11. After finishing his story, Omar agrees to help Roshan , if only to prove that both he and Sam are innocent of the charges of terrorism which have been leveled against them. He reunites with Maya and Sam and stays in their house, all the while spying for the FBI. Omar learns that Maya is a civil rights activist who is helping one of Sam\'s employees, Zilgai  overcome his experience as a former 9/11 detainee. Zilgai was eventually released due to lack of evidence and has been having difficulty adjusting back to "normal" life. As time progresses, Omar feels satisfied that he can find nothing to warrant the FBI\'s suspicions and is ready to leave when a series of events forces him to reconsider. In the process, Omar learns from Sam that ten days after 9/11, Sam was arrested and detained for a period of nine months as a suspected terrorist, a charge which everyone, including the FBI and Roshan, now agree was incorrect. Though he was eventually released due to lack of evidence, the impact of being detained and tortured permanently changed Sam in ways which are difficult for those surrounding him to understand, leaving him with feelings of deep resentment towards the FBI. Omar thus finds that Sam ultimately resorted to plans for terrorism as a means of revenge. In addition, Maya is unable to help Zilgai resolve the trauma of being a detainee. After a routine traffic stop escalates and an NYPD police officer gives Maya a very rough full-body search, Zilgai becomes agitated. He drops Maya at her home and eventually kills the police officer the same night. After being declared a fugitive, Zilgai leads the police on a long chase ultimately ending in his suicide. The climax of the film rests upon the attempts of Maya, Omar, and Roshan to prevent Sam from committing an act of violence by telling him that if he perpetuates violence, others will suffer as he has. Finally convinced, Sam surrenders and aborts his attempt to bomb the FBI building. However, the moment he drops his cell-phone  he is shot and killed by FBI snipers. The cell phone falls benign to the ground without activating anything. Maya, who was running toward Sam, is also killed by stray gunfire and Omar, bereft of speech, breaks down. He is later comforted by Roshan who tells him: "Jo ho gaya so ho gaya" . Six months after these events, Omar has adopted Danyal, and Roshan has received a commendation for killing Sam. They confront and reconcile each other. The film ends with all three of them going out for pasta and a side note describing the after effects of 9/11.'] ["Madhava  is a doctor, and a single appearance as hero in a film has made him the heartthrob of thousands of girls. He marries Simi ([[Simran , but a revelation about his past separates them and takes them as far as divorce. They remain friends though, even going so far as to fix up each other's second marriages. Simi decides to get Madhava married to Chella ([[Sneha , a nurse at his hospital, while he tries to fix up her marriage with a dancer, Azhagu . In the end, Madhava's and Chella's wedding and Simi's and Azhagu's wedding are on the same date. Unfortunately Azhagu then marries his housemaid due to his father's greed for wealth. Chella's parents find out about Madhava's past and call off the wedding. In the end Madhava and Simi remarry. Chella marries Vivek, Madava's colleague, who was interested in her ever since he became Madhava's disciple in the hospital."] ["Three friends, Unni, Dasan, and Bhaskaran, find their boss murdered by hired killers. Believing that people will suspect them for the murder, they present the boss's dead body as if he is alive."] ["Retired and widowed judge Umakant Verma  lives a wealthy lifestyle with his only son, Dr. Shashikant . Gauri , the daughter of Umakant's childhood friend, Narayan Singh , is the lead servant in the house, but she has never been treated as a servant but rather as a family member. When Umakant makes his last will and testament, he wants Shashikant to marry Gauri. And indeed, after Umakant's death, Shashikant and Gauri get married. Soon Gauri gives birth to a boy, Ravikant ([[Sachin , and a few months later gets pregnant again. However, before she gives birth, she finds out that Shashikant has been seeing his former girlfriend Krishna , and now refuses to meet her. An intense rift happens between Gauri and Shashikant, and Gauri leaves the house. Ravikant is brought up by his father, while Gauri gives birth to another son, Umakant , and does her best to bring him up. The story follows the separate individual lives of Shashikant and Gauri and their two children."] ['A big city. After the police riots of 1990, the State Forces were disbanded and replaced by a central one. The police now had more powers. The crime rate continued to escalate. In the wealthier quarters of the city though, life went on… but it was an uneasy calm. Aamir  had just turned 21. He is from a rich family. The only colour in his otherwise mundane life was his obsession for Neeta, an older, more pragmatic woman, who did not quite feel the same about Aamir. One night, on their way back from a party, Neeta is gang raped by a local boss, Hassan Karmali and his friends, with Aamir watching helplessly. Unknown to Aamir, an off-duty police officer is a silent witness to the incident. Frustrated, possessed by impotent rage and a sense of injustice, Aamir has to find release. He leaves home... Ironically, he turns to Sub-Inspector Kapoor – the silent witness. Kapoor, pretending to be unaware of the incident agrees to help Aamir.  Aamir now feels he has a friend. Till one day, realizing the truth he is shattered. Soon after, S.I. Kapoor is suspended. His life begins to spiral downwards. Now alone, frightened, without a job and with nothing to lose, he sees in Aamir the means to fulfill his dark, unresolved dreams. Together they set about eliminating their common enemy – members of the dreaded Karmali family. Kapoor the embittered cop becomes a dark mentor to the innocent but fearless Aamir. Neeta, unaware of the changes in Aamir’s life, has decided to put her past behind her. She begins, slowly but painfully, to reconstruct her life. Meanwhile, Aamir slips into vortex of terrifying violence – a road to certain doom. Theirs is a war with no victors, a battle that has no glory. Amidst the lies of a logical life, sometimes the only truth is in madness, in losing control.'] ['Allah Ke Banday tells the tale of two 12 year old boys  who grow up in the slums of India. Wanting to make a name for themselves in the mafia world, they start delivering drugs and loot people with the help of their transvestite friend. Things go wrong when they are sent to a juvenile reformatory after being wrongly convicted for a murder. They learn life is much tougher in the reformatory than the world they came from. They are tortured by the warden and senior inmates. But instead of reforming they develop a more sinister plan in their quest for ultimate power. Unexpected events force the two men to decide between redemption and their quest for power. Will they find redemption, if so, at what price?{{cite web}} The story of this movie is loosely based on "City of God" or "Cidade de Deus" and Sleepers. The starting scenes are same as Slumdog millionaire and they have copied music from Black Hawk Down .'] ["The film is a story of two Pathan families who were at daggers drawn for many generations. Salman  who is Sher Khan's  son falls in love with Rukhsar , Fateh Khan's daughter. On knowing the truth, Fateh Khan finds his wrath too much to control. On the other hand, Sher Khan is extremely happy to know that his son is in love with his worst enemy's daughter and promises Salman that he will get him married to Rukhsar. The marriage is settled after great difficulties. On the marriage occasion Fateh Khan places an incredible demand in Haque-Meher. Sher Khan is dumbfounded and shocked but gives in for his son's happiness. Hurt by the insult, Sher Khan retaliates by throwing Rukhsar out of the house next morning after paying the agreed Haque-Meher. On seeing Rukhsar back, her people are numbed with shock. This leads to conflicts between the two families resulting in loss of life on both sides, but Sher Khan and Fateh Khan remain adamant, until they discover that Rukhsar is pregnant with Salman's child. The newborn finally leads to peace between the two."] ["Krishnaswamy  is a widower living happily along with his mother-in-law , daughter  and a young son in a village near to Trichy. Dhanush ; a con from the city has an eye on Krishnaswamy's prosperity and asks him to join his chitfund business. At first Krishnaswamy was reluctant; however when a rich friend from a foreign country visits house; he too wants to be rich like them. Hence he agrees to Dhanush's proposal and arrives at the city. However, he is unaware of Dhanush's tricks and when Dhanush swindles away the chitfund money; the blame is put on Krishnaswamy. Krishnaswamy now lands up in jail. In jail, he finds that even his future father-in-law Panjapakesan  is also in jail for same reason whose daughter is Sukanya working as nurse. He advises Krishnaswamy not to be angry if the jailor is cruel; as he might be released sooner if he is submissive in the jail. During Krishnaswamy's tenure in jail, Sukanya takes care of his family. Due to unavoidable situations, his mother-in-law dies and his son and daughter go missing. Krishnaswamy learns this after coming out from the jail suffering unnecessary hardships. Krishna finds his son, with street-artists and gets his son back. He later finds from Dhanush that his daughter is in Kolkata, at a brothel called Sonagachi. Krishna goes to Kolkata with his father-in-Law and tracks his daughter Kaveri. Unable to bear the grief, he grabs Kaveri and tries to escape, while the pimps there beat him blue. The elder sex-workers/madam make truce and insist that Krishna take Kaveri, while they would work extra-hours to pay the pimps for the loss of Kaveri. After coming back from Kolkatta, he wants to start a new life with Sukanya, but his friend in Police Rajesh tells him that Danush has planned to jail Krishnaswamy further by plotting a murder case against him & would be arrested the next day. Krishnaswamy decides to curb the root of all sin and grief against Dhanush, goes to seek revenge. Only then he comes to know that Dhanush is just a pawn in the big game of cheating. He not only kills Dhanush but also the main person who was behind this game; but at the cost of losing his arm. Krishna is sentenced to 14 years life-imprisonment and comes out a contented man, to see his daughter married and has a child, son being a grown up man. The movie ends with his son swimming in the river, reminding Krishna his own antics."] ["The movie opens in an engineering college in Ooty. Samuel  is a 'Computer Engineering' student, and is one of the top and good students in the college, while Rajesh is a 'Mechanical Engineering' student and is a rowdy in the college. A mutual problem between the two groups puts Sam and Rajesh at loggerheads and both of them pull pranks on each other to get the other in trouble. It culminates into a fist fight but is soon broken up. They graduate from the college soon and hope to never to see each other ever again as Samuel goes abroad for higher studies. A few years later, Rajesh has becomes responsible and mature and has settled into a nice office job as a 'Design Engineer'. Rajesh lives with his librarian grandfather Subbuni , who means the world to him; he even turns down a very lucrative job assignment in Singapore to be with his grandfather. Rajesh, on a trip to a friend’s wedding in Bangalore, comes across Reena  and is smitten by her beauty but doesn’t get to meet her. To his pleasant surprise he sees her again in Chennai but is again unable to meet her, to his disappointment. A friend of Rajesh, Chockalingam , spots Reena’s friend in a market one day and recognizes her from the wedding pictures in Bangalore earlier. Together with Rajesh, they pressure the girl for more information on Reena; they learn her phone number and that she is engaged to be married to someone named Rajiv, whom she has never met but has only spoken on the phone. Goaded by his grandfather and his friends, Rajesh decides to enter Reena’s life pretending to be Rajiv. Within a few days of hanging out with each other, both fall in love with each other and couldn’t be any happier. But before Rajesh could tell Reena the truth, the real Rajiv had come to Chennai and both their families gather together. Reena is shocked to learn that the person she loves is not Rajiv. Rajesh comes clean with Reena and pleads to be forgiven but Reena is adamant that she doesn’t want to talk to Rajesh anymore. So Rajesh and his friends decide to meet Rajiv and ask him to break up the engagement with Reena. They are surprised to learn that Rajiv is actually Rajiv Samuel, Rajesh's foe from his college days. Rajiv becomes enraged when he learns the truth, but believes that Reena was duped and refuses to break up the engagement. After repeated attempts to talk to Reena fail and when Rajiv and Reena’s wedding is fixed, Rajesh sadly accepts the bitter truth. Heartbroken and unable to live in the city anymore, he plans to leave. Reena, finally realizes that even though she was duped by Rajesh, she had indeed fallen in love with him. Rajiv senses this on the eve of their wedding. Just before Rajesh boards his plane, Rajiv appears and says that they are still bitter enemies but he couldn’t marry a girl who doesn’t love him. Reena appears and embraces Rajesh."] ['Sameer Behl  comes to Mumbai with Bollywood dreams, struggles through the day as a courier boy and keeps failing in auditions for advertisements. More stereotypes are stuffed in as he refuses to take help from his dad in Delhi, is thrown out from his rented flat by the landlord and comes away with his calculative companion. One day, a movie director, Rajeev Sharma,  sees Sameer dancing and calls him to his office.Soon Sameer is signed as the male lead in his film and friend Tina  is selected as the choreographer on the same project. Homeless, Sameer sleeps in his car and works as a dance teacher in a school. Subsequently, Sameer loses his film and is disillusioned. Tina finds out this and asks him how he can spend his life like this. After some time, Tina tells him that she also quit the film and did not want to be the choreographer for that film because she saw him upset. Sameer realised the love Tina had for him. Tina encourages him to participate in a television talent-hunt show, the winner of which will win the same role that Sameer was to play. After some time he agrees to participate in it. After filling up the contest form, he also says "I love you" to Tina. In his screen-test, Sameer dedicates his monologue to his mother. After his monologue, during the interview, he comes to know that his father\'s shop in Delhi has been demolished. He promises Tina that he will come back for her and leaves. He leaves Mumbai to meet his father, heart-broken about the whole thing. After watching Sameer\'s performance in the TV, his father convinces him to go back to Mumbai and participate in the show. After coming back to the show, he is initially denied an entry at the show due to his late entry, however he is given a chance to perform at the show after Sameer convinces the director. He wins the show and is shown later to be the hero of the movie "Chance Pe Dance" walking the Red Carpet a year later with Tina.'] ["George States  is suffering from the last stage of brain cancer and has only six months to live. In order to prevent death and gain immortality, he decides to extract the 'Nagmani' from a shape-shifting snake who can take human form, Nagin . He captures the nag [the male snake] so that the nagin [the female] comes after the capturer to free her lover, thus allowing him to obtain the nagmani by force. He keeps the nag in a glass box where he electrocutes and tortures him. His plan works and the nagin starts following him. On her way, she is helped by a police inspector  and his wife , who is infertile, causing a strain in their relationship. The nagin also helps a few women who are helpless: One who is beaten mercilessly by her husband; one being raped by a man and so on. She brutally murders those men who were involved in the capture of her mate as well as men who torture women. The police inspector who is investigating the murders tries to help her find her mate, takes care of the murder cases. Finally, she reaches George's hideout where she reclaims her mate and they engage both in sexual intimacy. George attempts to capture the nagin during intercourse since this will be when she will be at her most vulnerable. Wearing a suit that hides his heat signature, he lures her by using her dying mate as bait to a trap. He captures her and tries taking the nagmani but at that moment, the police inspector arrives and helps her. Angered by the death of her mate by the hands of George, she takes on a huge form: half snake, half woman, and throws him in the same glass box where her mate was kept and electrocutes him. The ending shows George's rotten body still lying in the glass box, the police inspector and his wife finally having a child and the nagin's eggs hatching."] ["Shaadiram Gharjode is once humiliated by Hoshiyar Chand when Shaadiram goes to inform him about a family wanting to marry their son to Hoshiyar's daughter. Hoshiyar Chand insults them as he wants both his daughters to marry into the richest family. Gharjode decides to teach Hoshiyar Chand a lesson: He meets a coolie called Raju and they go to Hoshiyar Chand's village pretending to be a rich family. Hoshiyar is impressed and he wants both his daughters to marry Raju. This leads to humorous situations in the climax."] ['Rajaraman, nicknamed "Vasool Raja"  is a small time don in Chennai, making a living by collecting money from people who refuse or dilly-dally in paying their debts to others, with the help of his right hand man Vaddi . Given that his father had wished him to be a medical doctor, he creates the faux Venkataraman Charitable Hospital  and pretends to live in accordance with this wish whenever his father ([[Nagesh  and mother Kasturi  visit him in Chennai. One year, however, Raja\'s plan goes awry when his father meets an old acquaintance, Dr. Vishwanathan  and the two older men decide to marry Raja to Vishwanathan\'s daughter, Dr. Janaki "Paapu" ([[Sneha . At this point the truth about Raja is revealed. Vishwanathan insults Raja\'s parents and calls them "fools" for being ignorant of Raja\'s real life. Raja\'s father and mother, aghast and later heartbroken, leave for their village. Raja, in grief and despair, decides that the only way to redeem himself and to gain revenge for the humiliation suffered by his father at the hands of the spiteful Vishwanathan is to become a doctor. He decides to go to a medical college to obtain an M.B.B.S. degree, the graduate medical degree in South Asia. With the help of Vaddi and others, Raja "gains admission" to the SLR Institute of Medical Sciences, where he again encounters Dr. Vishwanathan, who is the dean. His success there becomes dependent upon the  help of faculty member Dr. Margabandhu . While Raja\'s skills as a medical doctor are minimal, he transforms those around him with the "Kattipudi Vaithiyam"  &mdash; a method of comfort taught to Raja by his mother &mdash; and the compassion he shows towards those in need. Despite the school\'s emphasis on mechanical, Cartesian, impersonal, often bureaucratic relationships between doctors and patients, Raja constantly seeks to impose a more empathetic, almost holistic, regimen. To this end, he defies all convention by treating a brain-dead man as if the man were able to perceive and understand normally; intimidating Dr. Kalidas  into admitting and treating a suicide patient interacts on familiar but autocratic terms with patients; humiliates school bullies; effusively thanks a hitherto-underappreciated cleaner; helping a terminally ill cancer patient Zakir ; and encourages the patients themselves to make changes in their lives, so that they do not need drugs or surgery. Dr. Vishwanathan, who perceives all this as symptoms of chaos, is unable to prevent it from expanding and gaining ground at his college. He becomes increasingly irrational, almost to the point of insanity. Repeatedly, this near-dementia is shown when he receives unwelcome tidings and he begins laughing in a way that implies that he has gone mad. This behavior is explained early on as an attempt to practice laughter therapy, an attempt that seems to have backfired &mdash; Vishwanathan\'s laughing serves more to convey his anger than diffuse it. Meanwhile, his daughter becomes increasingly fond of Raja, who in his turn becomes unreservedly infatuated with her. Some comedy appears here, because Raja is unaware that Dr. Janaki and his childhood friend "Paapu" are one and the same; an ignorance that Janaki hilariously exploits. Vishwanathan tries several times to expel Raja but is often thwarted by Raja\'s wit or the affection with which the others at the college regard Raja, having gained superior self-esteem by his methods. Eventually, Raja is shamed into leaving the college: His guilt for not being able to help Zakir gets the better of him. In the moments immediately following Raja\'s departure, the bed ridden man miraculously awakens from his vegetative state; at this point Janaki gives a heartfelt speech wherein she criticizes her father for having banished Raja, saying that to do so is to banish hope, compassion, love, and happiness, etc. from the college. Vishwanathan eventually realizes his folly. Raja later marries Dr. Janaki, learning for the first time that she is "Paapu".'] ['One of the most respected inspectors, Arjun Joglekar  is killed by drug dealer and gangster Goli . Mona , a cabaret singer and Goli\'s mistress, agrees to testify against Goli and is placed into witness protection by Inspector Karan , Arjun\'s younger brother, who aims to fight any injustice and avenge his brother\'s murder. When Goli finds out about Mona\'s forthcoming testimonial which would expose his real identity, he tracks her down and kills her. Deepak Kumar , who is the most romantic actor around, is frustrated with his roles and being type-caste as a romantic hero. He would like to do something different and bring some change and excitement to his dull and boring existence. To To change his monotonous life, he gets drunk and drives around. He is arrested by the police, and brought to his rowdy producer. This is where he meets Karan and is very impressed with his assertiveness, courage, and honesty; Deepak would like to study his behavior so that he can use this as a background for his next movie. Karan meets Basanti who is looks identical to Mona. He promises to let Deepak hang around him if Deepak can get Basanti to act as Mona. Deepak trains Basanti and presents the new "Mona" to Karan. Karan places Basanti at the Moonlight Hotel as an amnesiac Mona, where she can report on Goli\'s criminal activities. That\'s how they uncover Goli eventually. While Karan and Mona fall in love with each other, Deepak falls is love with Karan\'s sister, Shivangi.'] ["Thekkedathu Ramankutty ([[Dileep  is a marriage organizer. He meets Gauri  while arranging the marriage for her sister Radhika , daughter of a family friend Ambattu Thampi . Radhika's fiancee does not turn up for the marriage. Ramankutty suggests that his brother Dr. Sivadas  will be ready for the marriage and Dr. Sivadas and Radhika gets married on the same day itself. Ramankutty and Gauri fall in love. But on the day of their engagement, Radhika dies in a kitchen fire accident. When Thampi visits the astrologer Meppattu Thirumeni  to see the horoscope match, he tells them that women married into the Thekkedathu family are fated to die young. Thampi, scared for his only remaining daughter's life, asks Ramankutty to back out of the marriage. Saddened and yet wanting to do the right thing, Ramankutty calls off the wedding on the pretense of not being comfortable with Gauri's close relations with her cousin Unni . Devastated by this allegation, Gauri backs out of the marriage, only to find the truth later. She runs out in search of Ramankutty and gets involved in a road accident on the way. She is rushed to the hospital and while still battling for life, she wishes that Ramankutty tie the wedding knot before her operation. Ramankutty ties the knot, fearing the worst. Miraculously, Gauri comes out alive. The story is told in flashback by an aged Ramankutty who bids farewell to his spellbound teenage audience at the temple, and joins his wife Gauri in lighting the lamp. The film was remade in Telugu as Kalyana Ramudu starring Venu, Suman, Prabhudeva and Nikita Thukral."] ["Tulasi  is a village girl. One day she gets a letter from her cousin Subramani. She gets excited as they were close friends in childhood but Mohan left with his family to city. Subramani visits the village for his college thesis about folk songs. Tulasi is in love with Subramani but she is confused whether Subramani also loves her. Tulasi's father passes away due to heart attack. When Subramani's mother arranges a marriage for Subramani with Tulsi he refuses. Because of this her mother died in frustration. Then Tulasi comes to her Uncle's house. Later a flashback comes in which Subramani is in love with Banu . Since Banu used to come to the music college with veil he has not seen her face. On a day when they plan to meet Banu dies after she steps into quick sand. Finally whether Tulasi marries her beloved cousin Subramani is the story."] ["Vikram Singh  is framed for possession of drugs but claims he was framed by a business associate named Rajan . After release from prison he kills Rajan and frames his former lawyer Amit . Amit is forced to go on the run while his pregnant wife Janki  gives birth to twin sons Guru and Shankar . Unfortunately she becomes separated from one of her sons Guru when her son is stolen by one barren couple. With her husband on the run and one son missing, Janki is forced to raise Shankar on her own. Will she find her other son Guru? and Will she be reunited with Amit ever again. At the end she does get united with her whole family... Amit thinks his wife Janki is dead so tries to lead a normal life with his adopted daughter Manju. But Janki is well living in another city with Shankar and Guru had been brought up by a barren couple. At the end they all meet unusually at Vikram Singh's house.... they hand him over to the police and become a family again...."] ['The Bollywood classic is a farcical comedy about the vicissitudes of modern love. Mohan , Pradeep , and Ranjeet  are three struggling artists—singer, painter, and writer, respectively—who live together in the same rooming house. Romantic hijinks ensue when the trio meet three lovely girls, Geeta , Rekha , and Kalpana , with very specific ideas about art and love.yahoo movies citehttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0157524/plotsummary'] ['Inspector Gagan Singh gets a tip about an infamous Tadipar "Munna", entering in his jurisdiction, so he checks Munna\'s file. Singh is shocked to find that Munna is none other than NCC Cadet Mahesh Deshmukh, an aspiring officer, whom he had met years ago in a bank. In front of the very eyes of Singh & Mahesh, a robbery took place and Mahesh\'s parents got killed. Singh never got to know what happened to Mahesh. Nevertheless, Singh tracks Munna and asks him to surrender. Munna tells him that he has to save his love Mohini from the clutches of dreaded gangster Lotiya Pathan. He reveals that he shifted to Mumbai with his sister Jyoti after the incident. He met a girl named Mohini and fell in love with her. Mohini\'s father Shyamlal didn\'t like this relationship. Shyamlal was a drunkard who mooched off the money earned by his dancer wife. When she finally stood up to him, Shyamlal burned her face with sulphuric acid. She died soon afterwards, following which Shyamlal forced Mohini to follow her mother\'s steps. Shyamlal has taken a loan from Lotiya and the only way to repay it is to make Mohini dance. But Mohini does not give up and continues meeting Mahesh. Shyamlal traps Mahesh along with Guldasta, a local tea vendor and sends duo behind bars for six months in charge for trespassing house with intention of robbery. Shyamlal meets Chote Khan, younger brother of Lotiya who joined him after completing his term for robbery case. Chote Khan was arrested due to Mahesh. Lotiya doesn\'t know Mahesh\'s identity. Shyamlal instantly recognizes Mahesh and explains everything to Lotiya. Chote goes to Mahesh\'s house and tries to rape Jyoti as revenge. Mahesh averts this and kills Chote. Mahesh is arrested and sentenced to one year jail, after which he becomes Munna and gets exiled. After serving his sentence, Mahesh starts destroying Lotiya\'s empire with help of his friends. As a revenge, Lotiya kidnaps Mohini. Shyamlal now deals with Munna to get Mohini rescued. Mahesh rescues her, but she is shocked to see that Mahesh is sending her back to her father. When Mohini reaches home, she and Shyamlal have an altercation. Mohini is saved by Guldasta, who kills Shyamlal. Lotiya kidnaps Mohini again. On learning the whole story from Munna, Singh allows him to complete his task. In a bloody aftermath, Munna and his friends finally destroy Lotiya\'s empire fully. Lotiya gets enraged and goes to attack Munna. Baban deflects the attack and gets killed. Munna kills Lotiya and completes his revenge. After saving Mohini, Munna surrenders unconditionally to Singh, whereupon he gets arrested and sent to prison.'] ["The film opens before the actual declaration of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 as army Major Kuldip Singh Chandpuri and airforce Wing Commander Anand 'Andy' Bajwa meet on a courier flight and speak about the possibility of opening of the Western front in light of the East Pakistan conflict. Kuldip takes up command of a Coy of the 23rd Punjab Regiment, arguing the light defense being assigned to the military post of Longewala. He meets his second in command Lt Dharamvir Bhan  and the Coy NCO Subedar Mathura Das. The company moves to the remote outpost in the deserts of Rajasthan and begins to expand the rudimentary BSF post and does a recce of the area up to the international border with Pakistan. They meet the post's BSF commandant Bhairon Singh, a deeply patriotic man who expresses his love for the desert. During a night patrol, Kuldip, Lt Dharamvir and Bhairon Singh come across a suspicious bunch of locals who turn out to be insurgents having informed the identities of the company to the Pakistani military. The trio get into a brief firefight killing all but one of the insurgents when Dharamvir hesitates to shoot one of the insurgents, as he had never killed anyone. Kuldip severely derides him and shoots the insurgent himself, prompting Dharamvir to vomit. A badly shaken Dharamvir is comforted by Bhairon Singh and the two reminisce about their personal lives. Dharamvir recounts how he met his fiancee Kamla, a lively young girl from his native village who he had fallen for and how he got his mobilization orders on the day of his engagement to Kamla. Bhairon Singh recounts his wedding night, his first night with his bride, when he was called back to post and how he bids a tearful goodbye to his beautiful wife Phool Kanwar. The unit is joined by the charismatic Subedar Ratan Singh, a man of insatiable appetite and wit, with 2 106mm jeep-mounted RCL guns to serve as an anti-armour unit. The company wireless operator picks up a spy transmitting from a nearby area and Dharamvir sets out to investigate. He ambushes the spy and kills the man, bringing the body back to the post to prove that he has overcome his fear of killing another person. The unit settles down to wait for the enemy as they keep track of the developing events on the radio. The Indian army starts moving forces to nearby locations preparing to attack if Pakistan tries to open the Western front and this gives hope of soon-to-come action for the men tired of the long wait in the hot and desolate desert. Subedar Mathura Das is granted leave to attend to his wife  and children. The men receive letters with news from back home and talk among of themselves of the people they left back home to serve their country. On the evening of 3 December 1971, the unit receives word that the enemy has attacked with Pakistan Air Force planes bombing multiple Indian airbases and that war has been officially declared by the Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. Dharamvir and five of his soldiers are sent to patrol the border within a section while Bhairon Singh and his men are assigned to clear out the nearby villages. As Bhairon Singh is briefing the villagers on evacuation, Pakistani artillery batteries start shelling Indian positions and villages. Kuldip joins in the evacuation as heavy shelling occurs leveling a whole village. In the meanwhile Dharamvir and his patrol spot Pakistani tanks and infantry crossing the border into India. He reports back the enemy movement to Kuldip and is ordered to secretly follow the tanks without engaging them. Kuldip radios for air support and speaks to Wing Com Bajwa, who tells him that there can be no air support as his base has only Hunter-Fighters, which cannot fly at night. Bajwa then tells Kuldip to defend the post as long as possible and that he and his pilots will ready for battle in the break of dawn. In despair, Kuldip radios his CO and explains his untenable position. He is given the option of either holding his post or retreat, but he decides to stay. Kuldip then give the company the choice if they should leave the post or not, but they all prefer to stick with him and face the Pakistani to their deaths. As the unit digs in to face the enemy assault, Mathura returns and apologizes for deserting the men of his company. Kuldip thanks him for returning in time and assigns him to the RCL units, promising Mathura that he will return to his family when the war is over. The post is surrounded by massed enemy armour and infantry while the shelling from across the border continues relentlessly. Fortunately, Kuldip manages to get the company to bury anti-tank mines around the post to prevent the tanks from barging in. Upon seeing one of his tanks being blown by one of the mines, the Pakistani commander Ghulam Dastagir hurls expletives at Kuldip addressing him by name and tells him to retreat or die. Kuldip lashes back and swears and insults Dastagir, addressing him by name and insulting him. The tanks open fire on the post and the battle begins with Kuldip ordering Mathura to destroy some more tanks. Though the tide of the battle is turning good for the Indians at first, it wasn't until Mathura's RCL is hit by a tank shell, wounding him and prompting Bhairon Singh to extract him from the burning jeep. Mathura is fatally wounded when he goes to extract a recoil spring for Bhairon Singh's MMG and dies in Bhairon's arms. Subedar sacrifices himself to throw away an exploding tank shell to prevent several of his men from being killed. Another tank targets Bhairon's machine gun nest and destroys it, wounding Bhairon. He charges the same tank and destroys it with an anti-tank mine, killing himself and the Pakistani soldiers inside the tank. Dharamvir breaks through the enemy cordon and returns to post, but his entire patrol is wiped out in the process. The Pakistani commander orders a bayonet charge on the Indian position but the attack is beaten back by the Indians with Dharamvir being severely wounded. The Indians capture a Pakistani private who reveals that the Pakistani column plans to capture Jaiselmer by morning, Jodhpur by afternoon, and reach Delhi by night. As dawn nears, the Pakistanis launch a last-ditch attempt to overrun Longewala post with their massed assault of tanks and infantry, ignoring the danger of the anti-tank mines that are still buried. Kuldip gathers the remaining of his depleted force and prepares for a suicide counter-attack on the advancing enemy. The Indians engage in vicious hand-to-hand fighting with Kuldip jumping from tank to tank lobbing grenades down the turret hatches. Dawn has broken as the fight heats up and Bajwa's squadron finally takes off from the Jaisalmer Base to aid Kudip's besieged coy. During the fight, Kuldip falls on the ground into the sights of a Pakistani tank but before the tank can open fire to kill him, it is destroyed by cannon fire from an Indian Air Force jet as Bajwa's squadron arrives and the tide of the battle turns. The Pakistani attack breaks as tank after tank is hit by the planes till they decide to beat a retreat back across the border. The battle ends as a soldier tries to tell Dharamvir about the victory and realises that he has died. The unit is relieved as Indian tanks and artillery arrive and more air-strikes beat back enemy reinforcements. The end credits roll as the Indians launch their counter-offensive and news of the deceased reach their homes, much to their families' sorrow."] ["Sharda  is happily married in an rich aristocratic household to Thakur Pratap Singh  and is the mother to 2 young boys. Thakur Pratap Singh's father shows mercy to his nephews Bhishamber  and Bhanu after they serve jail time for siphoning the family wealth and stealing within the household and whiling away their time - drinking and gambling. Sr. Thakur is tricked into signing a will that deprives his son, wife  and 2 children from the ancestral wealth and the right to even live in the manor's premises. Sr. Thakur is then killed off in a car bomb and when Thakur Pratap Singh refuses to bow down to cruel Bhishamber Nath after finding out their masterplan and after his wife is humiliated publicly by then, he is severely beaten up, stabbed brutally by the, and left on a nearby railway track to be cut to pieces by the next passing train, leaving behind his widowed wife who, Sharda, and two young sons, Ram and Lakhan. Sharda who witnesses the whole scene vows to avenge the death of her husband, and hopes she will achieve this by visiting the temple everyday - praying for justice. She talks about the day when her sons grow up and ultimately destroy their father's assailants, and it is then and then only will she disperse her husband's ashes. The evil duo Bhishamber  and Bhanu  exploit and enjoy the family's riches. Those sons grow into the upstanding police officer Ram  and the easily tempted dreamer, smart talker and street procession dancer Lakhan . If the family is to be avenged, Ram will have to lead his brother away from the path of corruption he's strayed onto to make quick money and protect him from the influence of Bhanu and Bhishamber. Years later, Ram is now the Police Inspector and is a major obstacle in Bhishamber's illegal activities while Lakhan is the fun-loving, wanna be quick millionaire, precocious young man, still living in his brother's shadow and mother's love for him. Ram also has an affair with the Commissioner's daughter  and is constantly teased by his younger brother for not coming out in the open with it. When Lakhan finds out that there is a big reward for the capture and arrest of notorious gangster Kesariya Vilayti, he single-handedly captures him and claims the reward. Thinking police work is quite simple and easy, he applies for the job, completes his training and also becomes a police inspector like his brother. He also seeks to use this to woo his childhood sweetheart  and deal with her stingy, eccentric but easily fooled and well-meaning father . Satisfied that her sons have chosen the right path, Sharda goes on a religious pilgrimage to pray for their unity. When she returns she finds that nothing is the same anymore, Ram and Lakhan have quarreled and no longer speak with each other based on their ideological differences and because Lakhan uses his power to help smugglers and make extra bucks in an attempt at raising his clout so he can exact revenge against the evil Bhishamber and Bhanu. Ram continues to live in a their older family home, while Lakhan has moved in to a spacious bungalow, supposedly bought through bribes and black deals. While Ram continues to create obstacles for Bhishamber, Lakhan has now joined Bhishamber's gang and is on their pay-roll. Taking the current situation into account, it looks like Sharda may not live long enough to avenge her husband's death in this part. However, after Lakhan is tricked by Bhishamber and the ruthless, womanizing and dastardly Sir John, Ram has to come to terms and save his little brother and finish what was once started."] ["Laila , brought up in a brothel, is a cabaret dancer in Digvijay Singh's  five-star hotel. One day, her dying mother informs her that Laila is her adopted child. Karan  falls in love with Laila. Laila is aided by Karan in the search for her mother. Her search leads them to Razia , who divulges that 18 years ago, there were three naughty girls in her college: Barkha , Raaj  and Salma . They were in love with their respective boyfriends: Sunil , Prince Arjun  and Akram  and one of them delivered a baby girl. Each of the three looked after the baby as if she were their own. The baby was later handed over to Razia. Now all three girls are leading their own lives and have a good standing in society. But Laila is determined to bring them together to seek answers and find acceptance from her biological mother."] ['Paresh Chandra Dutt , a middle-class bank clerk in Kolkata, attends a charity match on a rainy day rather reluctantly. At Curzon Park , where the match is apparently to be held, he finds a small, round stone. Thinking it is a marble, he gives it to his nephew. The child discovers that it turns metal into gold . Dutt "buys" the stone from the child with sweets after witnessing the stone\'s power himself. He decides to take a few old cannonballs from the city dump, turn them into gold, and sell them. This scheme makes him rich; as a chauffeur drives him home from the dump, the car pulls into the driveway of a mansion . He now has a young secretary named Priyatosh Henry Biswas  who, among other things, mentions that Dutt is invited to a cocktail party . At the party, Dutt acts slightly unnatural before engaging in drunken revelry. When another guest orders him to get out, he turns an iron figurine into gold . It is not long before this incident is posted as a headline in the papers, causing a panic in Bengal. Paresh Dutt flees with his wife, Giribala , leaving nearly everything  with Priyatosh but cautioning him to hand it over if the police arrive. Soon, Mr. and Mrs. Dutt are taken to a police station for interrogation, and the police discover that the desperate Priyatosh has swallowed the stone. Dr. Nandi , a medical specialist, informs the inspector  that Priyatosh is digesting the stone. Soon after Paresh and Giribala Dutt hear of this, they notice the golden objects turning back into iron. The Dutts happily rejoin their servant  and Priyatosh.'] ["The story is on the concept of karma and bad deeds. It follows Viren Sahai , underworld don who rules over India. His son Abhir  is spoilt and believes he can do anything due to his father's power. When Viren's enemy Khan  attacks Abhir, Viren demands revenge. The plot then moves onto the life of a simple cook, Shekhar Bhatia  who is married to Dr. Kavita . Shekhar lives with his parents, wife and his adorable younger brother Aryan , who is just as spoilt as Abhir. When Aryan runs away from home, Shekhar searches the whole city to find him. During his search, he witnesses Viren attacking a cinema theater as Khan is inside it, and Shekhar begins to help the innocent people who are being shot in the theater. He helps them out to the hospital, and as Viren sees him helping the people, he believes Shekhar is part of Khan's gang, and Viren shoots Shekhar however he survives. Viren also shoots Khan's nephew, and as Khan escapes, Viren also flees. As Shekhar, who is in critical condition, is trying to reach home to his family before he dies, he is run over by Viren's car accidentally and Shekhar dies. When Aryan arrives home, he realizes Viren has murdered Shekhar, and he loses his temper. Together, Aryan and his group of friends form a gang and kidnap Viren's family including Abhir. However, Abhir escapes and reaches to his father. Since the police decide to help Viren, Aryan's plan fails. Aryan tries not to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are, though Viren's wife suddenly dies of suffercation. Viren believes Aryan is responsible for this, and takes his whole gang, and starts a huge war with Aryan and his gang. The war breaks out, and Khan enters. As Viren murders Khan, he realizes that his son Abhir was part of Khan's gang all along. Abhir tries to shoot his father Viren, but Aryan rescues Viren and kills Abhir. He leaves the scene, and as Viren demands Aryan to kill him now, Aryan ends the film on a note on karma, and explains his punishment is not death, but life as he has nothing to live for. In the end, Aryan becomes a cook like his late brother and him and his friends start to work in the same canteen Shekhar used to work in."] ["Summary: This movie is about four pairs who meet accidentally in a Mumbai bar called Mumbai Salsa and get hooked on each other for life. It captures the urban qualities of life and love. Maya Chandhok lives a wealthy lifestyle in Delhi along with her parents. Refusing to buckle down to her mother's demands to get married, she re-locates to Kolkata, obtains her MBA, and then goes to reside in Mumbai where she gets a job in a bank, and shares a flat with two room-mates, Zenobia and Neha. She meets with Sanjay and both fall in love. Then one day he dramatically and publicly dumps her. A few days later she meets with Rajeev Sharma, who is heartbroken after his fiancée, Pooja, dumped him to re-locate to America, and both are attracted to each other. She is delighted when he proposes to her, but her delight turns sour when he asks her to re-locate with him to Singapore, drop her career, and be a home-maker for the rest of her life. Maya must now make up her mind amidst chaos and heartbreak that also threaten to tear apart lives of both Neha and Zenobia, who are also dating Rajeev's friends, Karan Kapoor and Shaji, while conservative Tyagraj, Rajeev's pal, struggles with his feelings about a much liberated Caucasian co-worker, Pamela."] ['Kailash Sharma is found guilty of sexually molesting Shanno and killing Dheeraj Kumar Verma, and sentenced to be hanged by the Jammu & Kashmir Sessions Court. After his appeals at both High and Supreme Courts fail, he asks his wife, Seema, to take their daughter, Pinky, and re-locate elsewhere. Seema and Pinky re-locate to Bombay where she takes up sewing to make a living. She befriends their neighbour, Ratan, and both get married. 14 years later Pinky has grown up and has a boyfriend, Vikram, who she wants to marry. Meanwhile, Kailash, who is still alive, as his sentence was changed to life imprisonment, arrives in Bombay to look for his family. After sometime he does find them but decides not to interfere in their lives as they appear to be happy. But when Seema finds out she goes to meet him secretly - a visit that will set off a chain of events that will end up drastically changing their lives forever.'] ["Pasupathy’s boss is shot by an unknown man, but the blame falls on Pasupathy. The surviving boss sends away his wife Parvati and son Shankar in to hiding fearing his family's fate. But before breathing his last, the boss learns the truth and entrusts Pasupathy the task of finding Parvati and Shankar and hand them their rightful family assets. Several years later Shankar now a grown up youth, learns of the injustice committed to his father, heads out to Chennai in search of his father’s murderer. Shankar meets Pasupathy’s daughter Uma and falls in love with her, without knowing her background. Pasupathy finally manages to find Parvati, and soon Suresh a notorious smuggler imprisons Shankar, and impersonates him, for his wealth. Parvati is forced to play along, as Suresh threatens to kill Shankar. The rest of story unveils who won in the end, Shankar or the evil forvces."] ['Mujhe Jeene Do, is a classic dacoit drama, from the western films genreOverview- Review New York Times, a story about how love can lead to the redemption of even a hardened criminalReview at mouthshut like, Thakhur Jernail Singh  who is a noted dacoit in Chambal Valley. One night he happens to meet Chameli , a courtesan, at a wedding she was performing. They elope and fall in love, later they have a son. But their romance is short-lived as he is about to be captured by the police, that is when Jernail sends Chameli away to a neighbouring village to raise their son, as he is sure of his end. Unfortunately, the village she goes to as an old grudge with the Jamila to settle and attacks the hapless mother and son as a mob, but the police save them in time, and even promises them the seized property of Jernail.'] ['Karan  is a cartoonist and a self-styled ladies\' man. His daily comic, named "Hum Tum," explores the battle of stereo-typical behavior. On a plane from Delhi to New York, he meets Rhea , but she doesn\'t seem the to be a least bit interested in him. His feeble attempts at flirting go nowhere, but when they have a stopover in Amsterdam on their way to New York, she agrees to spend a few hours exploring the city with him. Karan quickly learns he has little in common with the feisty but proper Rhea, but he won\'t give up. He ends their contentious time together with an unwelcome kiss. Rhea is outraged, slaps him, and storms off, but Karan insists they\'ll meet again. After a couple months living in New York, he spots her in the park, and she causes a scene with his girlfriend ,who is Rhea\'s friend, this ends in the break-up between Karan and his current girlfriend. Now three years later, when Karan is helping his mother plan a wedding that turns out to be Rhea\'s. Rhea is marrying Sameer . They bicker again, but this time, they part on good terms. Years later in Paris, Karan is visiting his father , when he runs into Rhea again. He learns from Rhea\'s mother  that Sameer has died in a car accident, and he sets out to help her reclaim her positive outlook on life. Karan goes back to Mumbai, and three months later, Rhea and her mother visit. Sensing that she needs to be with a straight-laced, "boring guy", he conspires with Rhea\'s mother to fix her up with his shy best friend, Mihir . But eventually Mihir falls in love with a friend of Karan\'s, Diana  and they get engaged. On the engagement night Rhea learns from drunk Diana about the conspiracy. Mihir makes Rhea realize hers and Karan\'s love for each other. That night Rhea and Karan consummate their relation. Karan finds it a mistake and asks Rhea to marry him as he feels he took advantage of her, and that marriage will rectify the mistake. Rhea becomes upset, as she did not consider their actions a mistake; she realizes she loves him but tells Karan that they should not commit one more mistake by marrying for the wrong reasons. Rhea leaves him as since Karan projects his confused feelings as guilt  rather than love for her. Karan realises his mistake, and goes out to find her. One year later, Karan and Rhea reunite again. Karan admits his love for her, and they get married and have a baby girl.'] ["Shekhar , a young singer, lives in Darjeeling with his widowed mother. He is in love with Rita ([[Shakila , the only daughter of the wealthy Rai Bahadur Digamberprasad Rai. Rai does not approve of Shekhar and wants his daughter to marry a wealthy Calcutta-based businessman named Chowdhry. Rita asks Shekhar to get a better position, but Shekhar is quite satisfied with his singing career. So Rita and her father relocate to Calcutta, and Shekhar follows them. An enraged Rai complains to the police, who arrest Shekhar and hold him for questioning. However, the police notice his resemblance to a China Town gangster named Mike  who they are holding in custody. Because Mike refuses to talk, the police convince Shekhar to impersonate him in order to infiltrate the Chinatown criminal ring. Meanwhile, Shekhar's mother reveals to him that Mike may be his long-lost brother, kidnapped by gangsters as boy. Shekhar accordingly takes over Mike's life, but there is one thing he and the police overlooked - namely Mike - who escapes from police custody with the help of Rita who mistakes him for Shekhar. Mike's girlfriend Suzie ([[Helen  finds out Shekhar's true identity, but spares him when he reveals that Mike is alive and captured by the police, and sympathizes with him after learning that Mike was his long-lost brother. The gangsters overhear this and capture Shekhar, his life is only spared after he tells Mike his true background and the two brothers capture the gang's leader. As a result, Shekhar gets a permanent police job that allows him to marry Rita and Mike receives a reduced sentence of three years."] ["A story of a simpleton whose life changes when he becomes the owner of a private bus.Deepak ([[Govinda  is a simpleton. He has been switching jobs as he does not want to succumb to the corrupt system. Since years, with unwavering efforts, financial hardships and an unshaken faith in the judicial systems, he has been helping his father Omkarnathji  in a legal matter. Omkarnathji, the ex-principal of a private school, is fighting a court case against the school to get his due provident fund and pension. He later wins the case and the school is ordered to give a part of its property as compensation, if there is no money in its funds. And thus Deepak's life gets an addition: a bus. Instead of selling it off, acting on his father's advice, he decides to run the bus. While the rest of the family members - two sisters: Chhaya and Aprana  and their Ghar-Jamaaee husbands Vinayak Agrawal, a Lawyer ([[Asrani  and U.U. Upadhyay  are against it. They feel it's a low profile job. Their primary interest is in selling off the huge bus and devouring their share of property. But Deepak has immense trust in his father's judgment. Sundar  a jolly good sweetheart, who is desperately trying for an American Visa, is also an age old friend. He comes in handy with initial investments and they establish a company, Chal Chala Chal transport. And so begins the ride of their lives. The bus is in a dilapidated condition and much of money is gone for the repairs. It's a roller-coaster ride where mishaps are more than the commuters. The bus driver, Basantilal  wears thick glasses and the conductor Harilal  has a sugar factory in his mouth and an eye for cash... adding to it like a cherry on the triple-decker pastry- Sunder's enmity with a rat which has eaten his passport. Corruption chases Deepak in transport business as well U.U. Upadhyay is a chief vehicle inspector. He tried his level best to harass Deepak and extort money, raising troubles. These workers are messing up Deepak's life and business, but he can't raise a finger against them, for they are under the cushioned wings of the Union Leader Mr. Singh . They only relief should have been the lovely lady on the bus Payal , but the bus hits her fracturing her leg. Now she is also in the vengeance mode, extorting money from Deepak. What saves Deepak from these mad house characters, is his faith in his principals and his father's love-acting as the strong backbone in bitter sweet times."] ["The story follows one serial killer who uses the help of innocent taxi drivers to murder his targets. When The Central Bureau of Investigation , India, has been made aware of a killer cab-driver in Malaysia who killed several people in a matter of hours, and then crashed his taxi and killed himself. The same thing happened again, this time in Hong Kong, several people were killed by another cab-driver, who also ended up being killed. Now, this time in Dubai, taxi driver Nikhil Joshi . Nikhil is an Indian living in Dubai for a good life, and is madly in love with a cabaret dancer named Ria . He is willing to do anything for Ria, and so is she. However, life has other plans for him when one night, a suave businessman named Vikram , hails his cab. Nikhil discovers that this pleasant passenger has an agenda of his own and a rather sinister one at that. Vikram holds Nikhil hostage in a bizarre plot to bump off various people who would testify against the dreaded don Jabbar ([[Zakir Hussain , who is at risk of being deported to India to face charges against him. As Nikhil helplessly becomes witness to one killing after another, he finds his life and dreams crumbling around him. Faced with the prospect of losing everything he has been working towards, he finally takes control of the steering wheel of his life. He stops dreaming and starts acting, as he begins to pit his wits against the assassin. Killing one after another, Nikhil seems to be the prime suspect, that's why Vikram plans to kill him in his taxi and flee, however Nikhil fights back, and therefore Vikram escapes and kidnaps his girlfriend Ria. Only way Ria could survive is if Nikhil would take the blame of the murders Vikram has committed. Will Nikhil blame himself for something he didn't do, or will he stand his ground and fight Vikram the killer himself?"] ['The film is set in the period of the Hindutva mobilization of the 1980s, the consequent explosive communal conflict, and its impact on the lives of the young men of the minority Muslim community, represented by a working class Muslim family in Mumbai. Salim Pasha  is a small-time thief and goonda and lives with his parents and sister in a shady neighborhood where crime and illegal activities are accepted professions.Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro, New York Times.Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro NYU, Abu Dhabi.Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro  Review'] ["Nana Patekar and Paresh Rawal belong to two different villages. They hate each other for reasons best known to them. Suchindra's father  and Sharbani's brother  decide to get them Suchindra and Sharbani Mukherjee married. The preparations to the marriage ceremony begin and neither the boy nor the girl knowing what the other looks like. In the meanwhile, the two villages get ready to confront each other in case of a quarrel. The wedding ceremony is underway when the revelry between the two village head starts and the guns roar. The bride and the groom come to the town. They are happy to escape the brutal world of rural India to find their own careers and future. They first bump into each other in the train, then in the college, completely unaware of all facts. For Suchindra, its love at first sight, but Sharbani doesn't respond to his overtures. Later she packs her bags and heads straight for her village. In the meanwhile, Suchinder learns that Sharbani is his legally-wedded wife and he decides to get her back from the clutches of two warring villages."] ["Jail tells the story of Parag Dixit  who is having a peaceful life with his girlfriend Mansi, played by Mugdha Godse. But his life takes a turn and he ends up in jail due to some unfortunate events. The film is a take on the cruel realities faced by prisoners in Indian jails by focusing on Parag's life in the jail. It is rumored that Neil will appear complete nude in a torturing scene. Manoj Bajpai plays another inmate in the jail{{cite web}}"] ["Two small children, who are brothers, lose their parents in a fire. They are harassed by bad men and get separated. They grow up and become criminals. One is played by Shashi Kapoor, while the other is played Danny Denzongpa. They become enemies, not knowing that they are brothers. A policewoman, played by Shabana Azmi, goes undercover in the Shashi Kapoor's criminal group, which includes Asrani and Aruna Irani. She and Shashi Kapoor fall in love, but Aruna Irani doesn't trust as she loves Shashi Kapoor herself. Madan Puri is the main villain."] ["A lavish Zamindar  lived with his sister-in-law and cousin Rajasekhar , helping people incessantly. His sister-in-law has a son, to whom the Zamindar bequeaths a major portion of his property. At this juncture, a new baby is born to the Zamindar. His wife dies soon after. Brother Rajasekhar cheats the Zamindar as he fears that his son's property might be taken back and given to the Zamindar's own son. When the cheating comes to light, the Zamindar hands over all his property and his baby to his sister-in-law and brother and goes to the Himalayas, making his sister-in-law promise him that the baby should be brought up as a servant, not as a Zamindar. This baby is named Muthu . According to the promise tendered to the Zamindar, the son of the Zamindar's sister-in-law - Ejama becomes a Zamindar and Muthu works as his servant. A huge fan of drama, Ejama regularly takes Muthu along with him wherever he goes. One day Ejama falls in love with a drama actress Ranganayaki . But Ranganayaki's heart lies with Muthu. Ranganayaki shows love and passion to Muthu. Amidst all this, Ejama's Uncle , tries to capture all the property by killing everyone. But Muthu saves all and it is finally revealed that Muthu is the real Zamindar."] ['Amar  and Prem  are two daydreamers with a common aim: getting rich by marrying a rich heiress, Raveena Bajaj , daughter of Ram Gopal Bajaj . The guys run into each other on a bus and soon realize that they have a common goal. The duo fail at various attempts to woo the lady. Finally, they decide to insinuate themselves in her house. Amar pretends to be a guy who has lost his memory after getting hit by Raveena, while Prem pretends to be a doctor. The boys don\'t know that Raveena\'s secretary Karishma  is real Raveena. She switched her identity because she wanted to find a boy who will love her, not her money. Nobody is aware that Ram Gopal has a twin brother called Shyam Gopal Bajaj aka Teja. Teja is a criminal who has taken lots of money from Crime Master Gogo . Teja hopes to land the riches himself by kidnapping his brother and posing as Ram. He has also planted his cronies Robert  and Bhalla  in the household. Ram arrives in India & Teja plans to steal Ram\'s money converted in diamonds. Here, Ram sees through the real nature of Amar & Prem, thus declining Raveena\'s marriage to anyone of them. The duo plan to fake a kidnapping where they will heroically "rescue" Ram. Unknown to them, Teja has planned to kidnap Ram as well. Teja succeeds in having Ram kidnapped. The boys go to release Ram, but Teja makes them believe that he is Ram and finally enters Ram\'s household. Initially, nobody suspects a thing, but the girls soon smell a rat. The boys have discovered real identities of the girls. Prem has fallen for real Raveena while Amar has fallen for real Karishma. The girls tell their suspicions to the boys. The boys tail Teja and soon find out the truth. Here, Ram tricks Teja and escapes the prison. However, the boys mistake him for Teja, resulting Ram to be imprisoned again - with Amar & Prem. However, Amar & Prem succeed in convincing Robert & Bhalla that Ram is actually Teja. The boys, along with Robert & Bhalla, stop Teja. However, Ram is kidnapped along with Raveena & Karishma. The climax takes place in Gogo\'s lair, where the boys try to control the situation along with Ram. In a comic standoff, the real motives of each villain are revealed. However, due to the smartness of the boys, police raid Gogo\'s lair, thus rounding up all the criminals. Ram finally decides to have the girls married to Amar & Prem.'] ['The story opens against the backdrop of idyllic hilly terrain with airforce officer Arun Varma  crooning "Mere sapno ki rani" atop an open jeep along with his co-worker Madan , while Vandana , the daughter of a doctor Gopal Tripathi  demurely sneaks glances at him from a mini train. After a brief romance, they have a secret wedding. Soon afterwards, Arun dies in an air crash leaving behind a heartbroken and pregnant Vandana. His family refuses to accept the unwed mother-to-be since her marriage with Arun is never formalised. Meanwhile, her father also dies, leaving her destitute. Vandana\'s son is finally born, but she is forced to let a childless couple adopt him. But determined to be a part of his life, she accepts the responsibility of becoming his nanny. The boy is named Suraj. Events take an ugly turn when her employer\'s brother Shyam  arrives and gets attracted by Vandana. He tries to harass her physically when no-one is around, but Suraj arrives and stabs his "uncle" to death in order to save his nanny. Upon the arrival of police, Vandana confesses to the murder while Suraj runs away. Thus, Vandana is sent to jail and Suraj forgets this mishap as he grows up. When Vandana is released from jail she is befriended by the jailer  who takes her home and introduces her to his daughter Renu . Vandana comes face to face with her son Suraj  when she discovers that Renu is dating him. Suraj, just like how his father wished, is an air-force officer. He slowly starts remembering that he has seen Vandana somewhere, although Vandana wants to hide the truth as she feels Suraj may be embarrassed upon realizing his parent\'s background and history. Vandana makes herself home at the jailer\'s house. At one time, Suraj gets injured in an air crash just like his real father Arun, but survives. At that time, Vandana meets Madan, who knows that Suraj is Arun and Vandana\'s son and he wants to tell Suraj the truth. Again, Vandana denies wanting to let Suraj know that he is her son, fearing the consequences. Later when Vandana is not around, Suraj sees her diary where Arun\'s photo is found. Realizing that Arun and Vandana are his true parents, he however salutes Vandana\'s self-sacrificing attitude and accepts her as his own mother.'] ["Neela  and Avinash  are medical students, and they quite sympathise with each other. However, Avinash lives a poor lifestyle and does not want Neela to live this kind of life. Actually, the main reason behind his unwillingness to live with Neela is that he comes to know that he is cancer patient and that he will not be able to go with Neela very far which he hides from everybody including Neela. When Neela meets one of her students' elder brother, businessman Shekhar , she instantly catches his eye. He goes to propose marriage to her but her brother, Kalidas  advises him to first meet with Avinash. Shekhar meets Avinash, tells him of his feelings and intentions, and Avinash immediately approves of him. Shekhar and Neela get married, and cannot understand why Avinash did not attend the ceremony. After a successful honeymoon, both return to their regular lives, and Shekhar wants Neela to continue with her medical studies. It is then that he suspects that Neela has been meeting with Avinash, and asks his brother to spy on her. The information that Shekhar finds lead him to the conclusion that Neela is in love with Avinash, and confronts her. An intense argument is followed by Shekhar drinking his medicine, and passing away. The next day Neela is arrested on the charge of murder. Surprisingly, Avinash is nowhere to be found. Neela has now to face the trial all alone. Nadira testifies in favor of Neela, the court acquits her and Dr Chandra  takes her in his guidance for making her a top surgeon."] ['Madhavi Sharma  arrives in Mumbai and soon lands a journalist job. Her boss Deepak Suri  gives her the task of reporting celebrity news. She begins her journey in the glitzy and glamorous world of celebrity lifestyle working on Page 3. Her roommate Pearl Sequiera  is an air hostess and wants to marry for money. Gayatri Sachdeva  later joins them. She is an aspiring actress and gets involved with a leading actor Rohit Kumar . When she tells him she is pregnant he suggests she have an abortion. Depressed and shattered, she unsuccessfully tries to commit suicide and in the process loses her unborn child. Meanwhile, Pearl marries a wealthy old man and moves to the United States. Madhavi plans to expose Rohit , but her editor kills the article and she is forced to apologise to Rohit. Madhavi finds out that her boyfriend is gay when she finds him in bed with her best friend Abhijeet . As soon as Madhavi begins to get disillusioned with her job, she declares that “the party is over” for her. She soon realises that the glamorous world of celebrity life is not as glamorous as it seems. Gayatri, who supposedly returned to Delhi, sleeps with a director and gets cast in a movie.'] ["The plot is a copy of the 1985 Hollywood thriller Jagged Edge. The film starts with the murder of Priti , wife of Shekhar , a well-known journalist. Inspector Lokhande  investigates the case and accuses Shekhar of the murder, saying he has enough evidences to arrest him. Upon getting bail from the court, Shekhar's lawyer tells him that he will not be able to fight his case because he is a corporate lawyer. He asks him to contact Simran Bhargav , who is a criminal lawyer to fight his case. Shekhar goes to Simran's house to convince her to take his case. Simran tells Shekhar that she’ll defend him only if she is convinced that he is innocent. Simran is battling inner demons over a case in which she got a man convicted for crime he had not committed. Her guilt increases when she learns that the innocent guy had committed suicide in custody. While representing Shekhar, whom she considers innocent, Simran falls in love with him &mdash; a part of Shekhar’s plan to win her trust. They end up in bed and Shekhar enjoys Simran in bed. After the court declares Shekhar innocent, Simran spends the night at his house having sex with him again. The next morning, while opening his closet, she finds a typewriter hidden between sheets. The significance of this typewriter is that there have been typed 'crank' letters sent to her office, leaving little clues that point the finger to the swimming coach , who had an affair with Shekhar’s wife. The typed letters all have a flyaway 't' on them. Simran then comes to know that Shekhar is the real murderer. She leaves for the police station to give the typewriter she has found. Shekhar realizes this and is on the prowl to claim his next victim. At the end, Simran kills Shekhar in self-defense."] ["Based on actual events, the film tells the story of an innocent girl named Jigyaasa Mathur  who comes from a middle-class family, the daughter of a schoolteacher named Malini Mathur . Malini is a woman with principles and emotions. Jigyaasa wants to become a film actress and her mother has no objections about it. But Jigyaasa has some other plans. Jigyaasa will go to any limits to reach her goal. Within a timespan of five years, Jigyaasa reaches the top and becomes India's highest paid superstar."] ["In an attempt to earn some money, Madhav , Laxman  and Lucky  scam college students into purchasing fake history exam papers. At the beach, Laxman , a water sports official, is ridiculed by some tourists for his stammering. Daboo , Laxman's tomboyish partner, is angry and goes to fight. Gopal  comes and tries to make peace but ends up beating them after they point at him. Three robbers – Pappi , Daga  and Teja  — rob the queen's necklace and are on the run from police and end up in Goa. Pappi, who suffers from short-term memory loss, hides the necklace in Pritam's  house. Pritam, the father of Madhav, Lucky and Laxman, is a school bus driver but is always being pestered by neighbours and ruffians who had all loaned money to his three good-for-nothing sons. Vasooli , who has paid for the Jet ski business, asks Gopal for his money. Daboo fools Vasooli into calling and abusing the police who arrest Vasooli. That night, in the casino Lucky, while playing pool, by mistake strikes the ball on Daboo. Lucky tries to apologise, but gets misunderstood, and both groups get involved in a verbal fight. Madhav and his brothers also open a water sporting business on Pappi's loan. Pappi becomes the first customer but Gopal and his partners tamper with the jet by placing glue on the handle bars. Unable to control the jet, Pappi crashes into the jets from both the groups destroying both the water sports businesses. Pritam goes to meet Gopal's mother Geeta  to complain. When Pritam sees Geeta, he is shocked to realise that she is none other than his lost love. In a flashback, he remembers that Prem Chopra , Geeta's father, doesn't approve of their relationship and asks Pritam to earn 5 lakhs in 6 months to marry Geeta. Pritam and Geeta fight over their children's mistakes. Daboo overhears the conversation and tries to find out more about their relationship. Both the groups start a similar new firecracker business but end up destroying in the ensuing fight. In another meeting between Pritam and Geeta, it is revealed neither Pritam nor Geeta have ever married and that their children are all orphans. Daboo overhears them, and they make Daboo promise not to tell the boys about this. Daboo decides to get them married and succeeds in convincing their children and finally gets the two married. Much to Madhav's disgust, Pritam moves to Geeta's house. When they reach there, Gopal and Laxman are forced to move in the store room. The next few days, Pritam is targeted by Gopal and Laxman's pranks that are meant for Laxman, Lucky, and Madhav. On Daboo's birthday, the family decides to go for a movie, but Gopal refuses. At the cinema, the goon who loaned Madhav gets into a fight with them. Geeta gets injured and Gopal arrives to save his mother. Back at home, Gopal is furious at Pritam and Madhav about the loans. That night, Lucky overhears the fact that they are orphans. He unites everybody and tells them that they are all orphans. Daboo comes and confirms the news. They are all now united, and the next morning the newlywed couple is surprised to see their families together. The united family opens a toy store with loans from Vasooli and Pappi. Pappi tries to recognise Pritam at the inauguration. When they all dance and celebrate, Pappi remembers and accuses Pritam of having the stolen necklace. Everybody thinks that Pritam is the necklace thief. Following a long chase and a hostage situation at their home, Pappi informs everybody that he himself had stolen the necklace and hid it in Pritam's suitcase. Daboo then tricks him into calling the police and he and his goons are arrested. The movie ends with Pritam and Geeta going on their first honeymoon."] ["Raja Bhaiya  and his friend Charan  come to a city to make a living. Failed in seeking job, one day, they are teased and ragged by Kallu Dada . The quarrel gets physical and Raja wins it. Raja thus becomes the local underworld don and starts collecting protection money from shopkeepers. He also get addicted to alcohol. Raja meets with Laxmi Rao  and is attracted to her, he comes to her assistance when her dad, Mohan, passes away, by helping to cremate him; he comes to her aid again when Kallu and his goons attempt to molest her; and when the municipality tears down her hut, he decides to let her live with him. Due to her influence, he gives up his bad habits. As things go well, they both decide to get married. But on the wedding day, Laxmi's old beau, a Professor , shows up and proposes marriage with her. Meanwhile Raja is also arrested and held for killing Kallu."] ['Surjit Singh Rajesh Khanna earns his living driving a truck, most of the time while consuming alcohol. One night he stops at Courtesan Chamelibai\'s Bindu, drinks, goes to bed with her, and gets up behind schedule, so he rushes out, drives his truck and accidentally kills a farmer named Ram Din. He is arrested by the police, charged, and brought before the courts. The Judge finds him guilty and sentences him the maximum time under the Indian Penal Code for 100 years - with a difference, he is not to spend time in jail but must labor to look after the surviving family members of Ram Din, which include his widow, Malti Meena Kumari; his sister, Kamla Kumari Naaz; two young sons; a crippled father Ganga Din Nana Palsikar and his blind wife Leela Mishra. A horrified Surjit attempts to convince the Judge to change his ruling, but in vain and he is transported to his new penitentiary where he meets with hostile villagers who would rather kill him than let him toil on their sacred land. But with police protection, he is permitted to go to Ganga Din\'s house, where he faces even more hostility, not fed, and given a new name "Dushman" . That night Surjit plans to escape from the clutches of this destitute family, but he is apprehended and brought back to serve his time. Surjit must now come to terms with the fate that he has created for himself and this poor family - to work for their livelihood and live under their ever unforgiving eyes for the rest of his life.He starts working for the family and its interest. He prevents family from the clutches of local landlord, arranges the marriage of kamla without dowry and protects the honor of family and at last is integrated with family and finds his love Phoolmati Mumtaz in the village. {{cite web}}'] ["A young woman, Shwetambari  is the daughter to wealthy Brahmin parents, Mahendranath and Gayatri Devi  and studies at university in the city. She falls in love with a low-caste mystic named Soham . Soham, after one meditative session, is illumined by Babaji, his mentor  and decides there is no harm in falling in love with the girl from the high-caste Brahmin family. This creates a citywide scandal. Shwetambari's parents initially object but eventually support the relationship, despite the objections of orthodox elements. The orthodox elements of the society discourage the relationship actively, driving Shwetambari to depression. She eventually finds salvation in her religious beliefs. Eventually, when she discovers her own mother caused the murder of her fiance, a disheartened Shwetambari leaves the city. 17 years later, Shwetambari, now a philosopher and religious scholar, is torn between returning to her beloved city of Varanasi to see her dying father, and avoiding all the unpleasantness associated with her inter-caste liaison of the past. She returns, which creates turbulence in the mindscape of her so-called self-realized being."] ['Lakhan Singh , also called "Lucky," is the "kinng" of the Australian underworld, and being a sikh, is the first "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. He is accompanied by his sikh mafia associates, Julie , Mika , Pankaj Udaas , Raftaar , Dilbaugh Singh  and Guruji Gurbaksh Singh . In a small village in Punjab, the birthplace of Lucky, lives another Sikh man more notorious than Lucky himself—Happy Singh . Happy has caused many problems and disastrous situations in the village, and the villagers are fed up with him. They decide to send Happy on a long trip to Australia with his friend Rangeela  to bring Lucky back to Punjab, which will keep Happy out of the village for some time and bring peace to the village. But at the airport, Happy\'s and Rangeela\'s tickets to Australia are accidentally exchanged with that of a man named Puneet  who was hoping to use them to fly to Egypt. In Egypt, Happy helps Sonia  and falls deeply in love with her. But he does not express his love to her. Leaving her behind, he heads to Australia to meet Lucky. Lucky refuses to return to his hometown and throws Happy and Rangeela out of his house. Penniless, Happy finds warmth and affection in an elderly sikh lady  who provides him with food in spite of being a stranger. Lucky winds up in hospital, paralyzed, after a series of violent incidents that Happy causes.  Happy unexpectedly receives the title of Kinng—thereby becoming the other "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. Alas, Happy is not proud of his rank and is kind-hearted. The lady who helped Happy is really worried and depressed as her daughter is returning from Egypt with her wealthy boyfriend, Puneet. The daughter does not know that after the death of her father years ago, her mother became poverty-stricken and was reduced to work as a flower seller. Happy gives the flower-seller Lucky\'s spacious house and makes all his mafia associates work under her. The lady\'s daughter arrives—and to Happy\'s horror, she is none other than Sonia. Happy, heart-broken, is forced to make a show of happiness to Sonia. Puneet says that he too would have had a good time with Happy and Sonia in Egypt had his ticket to Egypt not been exchanged in the airport, because of which he had ended up in Australia. Puneet had always been jealous of Sonia being with Happy. However, he doubts anything is going on between them. He and Sonia squabble about this topic; it is Happy who handles it. Meanwhile, after spending so much time with the kindhearted Happy, most of Lucky\'s gang members find themselves reformed and decide to become good. In spite of herself, Sonia falls in love with Happy—and the truth becomes difficult to hide. Sonia becomes aware of her poverty. Puneet sets his heart to marry Sonia. Sonia gets trapped in an emotional tug-of-war between Puneet, who loves her, and Happy, whom she loves. Puneet meets Mika, who is also the brother of the Kinng, and who agrees to kill Happy. Puneet\'s motives to kill Happy, however, differ from Mika\'s: Puneet wants to kill Happy to keep Sonia away from him, whereas Mika wants to kill Happy to make himself Kinng. The wedding day dawns and there is firing . Puneet hides while the pandit chants the mantras, his head totally covered by a pot, amidst gunfire all around. Meanwhile Happy takes Sonia\'s hand in order to save her and unknowingly both run around the fire seven times essentially getting married.  Suddenly, Mika turns up on the spot, ready to kill Happy, armed with a gang and his new special glasses and hearing aid. As he is about to shoot, Lucky steps up and stops him. Then a dialogue ensues between Mika, Happy, Lucky and the associates of the kinng . Then Happy tells him that being the "king" is no great thing and explains him the characteristics of a true Sikh. Lucky confesses that he always found sadness being Kinng, because a true king does not fight for himself, but for others. Overcome with remorse, Mika drops his revolver. The movie ends happily, with Happy and Sonia\'s marriage.'] ["The film is focused on Rajeshwari Saxena ([[Tabu , a clever middle-class woman who is married to Surinder Saxena ([[Ayub Khan . She is currently looking for a groom for her sister Nisha , who she wants to get married to a rich, successful boy. She happens to meet Rahul  while grocery shopping. He is studying to be an engineer and is also a Saxena. Grabbing the opportunity, she offers him a room in her house. There, Rahul chances to meet Nisha, Rajeshwari's sister. They fall in love, and Rahul agrees to marry Nisha. The wedding celebrations are in full swing, when Yuvraj  happens to come to Rajeshwari's house. He has a permanent job and would be getting a house next month. And he is also a Saxena. Upon seeing a better choice of groom for her sister, she tricks Rahul to vacate the room. Yuvraj starts staying in the now empty room. He meets Nisha and falls in love.. Now, the wedding plans have altered slightly. The groom has changed. When Rahul finds out about this, he plans to outwit Rajeshwari at her own game. Yuvraj comes to know the entire thing. He steps aside and asks Rajeshwari to accept Rahul. Rajeshwari realises her folly. Rahul and Nisha wed and go for their honeymoon."] ["30-something Mitali aka Meethi  suffers from Schizophrenia and is taken care of by her much older, divorced sister Anjali aka Anu  and an ageing mother . Although she was never married in real life, Meethi has created her own alternate reality in her mind in which she got married to her ex-fiancé Joydeep  and has five children. While Anu has dedicated her life to taking care of Meethi and her mother, even putting her own relationship with a fellow professor  on hold, in Meethi's imaginary world both the older women are holding her in the house and away from her kids against her will. She imagines her family to be living at the non-existent 15 Park Avenue in . After Meethi has a severe seizure, her case is taken up by a new doctor Kunal Barua . While discussing her sister's case with the new doctor, Anu reveals that though Meethi had dormant schizophrenic traits since childhood, she led a very normal life till her early 20s, before a traumatic experience in the course of her job as a journalist made her withdraw from the outer world. Her fiancé, unable to deal with the emotional upheaval caused by the incidence, broke off the engagement. On the doctor's advice, Anu takes both women on a vacation to Bhutan, where they are spotted by Joydeep, now married with two kids. In her present state, Meethi does not recognize Joydeep as the same man she is married to in her imagination, and befriends him. When Joydeep learns of Meethi's worsened condition and her imaginary world, he offers to help her locate the elusive family home - 15 Park Avenue. Back in Kolkata, Joydeep drives her down to the part of the city where she believes her house and her family are. In a surrealistic climax, Meethi finally locates the house and finds her husband Jojo  and her five children waiting for her return. She walks into the house, reunited with her 'real' family and is never seen again."] ['{{rewrite}} Life can be tough for a man  who teaches at a school for a living, lives in a DDA flat in Lajpat Nagar, Delhi and is coping with the double digit inflation rates and single digit increments in his salary. Add to that, a teenage daughter, a fast-track son and a wife  who loves the good life. The life of the Duggals is passing by in simply taking care of the basics. Until one day, they decide to dream. Their ticket to dreaming comes in the form of a wedding invitation. An innocent little wedding invitation. What follows is a journey of chaos, realizations, calculations, confrontations and bonding. This crazy Duggals will fight it out at home  for what they think is a ‘good buy’ for the family! This family bonds in the most unexpected and hilarious situations. And just when they think they are sorted out, comes one big, lurking temptation. Much like the apple in the Garden of Eden. And then, begins another journey that will drive them, and you, pretty much nuts.'] ['Shankarnath , is an Honest Government employee on the other hand his subordinate Sadhuram  is a corrupt employee. Shankarnath, even though employed in a supervisory capacity, nets only Rs.630/-, and is unable to accede to any of the demands placed by his three school-going children, Ravi, Roopa, and Raja. When the trio declare a hunger-fast until their demands are met, he decides to let them run the household expenses, for a period of six months, by giving Ravi his entire salary. Ravi thinks that he can save a lot of money and get stuff for himself and his siblings - but things go seriously wrong when Raja loses money while gambling; relatives descend on them during Diwali; cash is stolen; and his mother, Padma , becomes seriously ill.'] ["Orphaned Leela  lives with her cruel aunt, Rangilibai ; cousin, Kaushalya ; and uncle Vikram Singh . When Rangilibai arranges Kaushalya's marriage to Chhote Thakur , the son of a wealthy landlord, Leela agrees to go with her as a maid as part of her dowry. But things change when the landlord rejects Kaushalya and decides to marry Leela. After marriage, Leela is accused of having a lover and is thrown out of home by her husband, who later understands his mistake as he was misled by his sister. Leela goes to Rangilibai's house, but she firmly refuses to accept her. Alone and desperate, Leela meets a distant relative named Gaman Singh . He takes her in to live with him and his wife, Swarupbai . When Leela refuses Swarupbai's demand to beg for alms, the latter blinds her with special eye-drops. Having lost her vision, a blinded Leela is led daily through the streets and is forced to sit near the steps of a temple singing and begging for alms. Soon Leela develops a loving mother-son relationship with another begger of Swarupbai, a boy named Panna ([[Daisy Irani . This relationship carries the narrative forward."] ['Indian cities are being terrorized by a group of people who want the government to give in to their demands and are willing to go to any extent for that purpose. Honest, experienced and diligent cops Abhay Singh  and Abbas Lodhi  are part of the anti terrorism task force set up by the government to eliminate the menace. Abbas Lodhi comes up with the idea of "Operation Dhanush",which involves sending two undercover cops, Anand  and Shiv  among the terrorist group, so that they shall be part of them and learn all about them, and can call him through radio and transmit all the information under the code name Dhanush. No one except for Abbas and Abhay know about this operation. One of the undercover cops , Anand is exposed by the terrorists a few years later, but he consumes cyanide and dies before they can get any info from him. Now Shiv is left alone in the gang. He soon wins the trust and respect of everyone in the gang, including the mastermind Commander Bhadra himself. Bhadra is captured and tortured by the police. But try as they may, he does not reveal anything to Abbas or Abhay. He even justifies all the wrong things that the terrorists are doing. When Bhadra is in jail, the gang appoints one of their sharp shooters to kill a minister as he is approaching the city in his car, which he does successfully. This man is apprehended and interrogated by Abhay. He agrees to help the police for the safety of his family, but soon is poisoned in jail itself by a corrupt cop, Inspector tiwari . Soon one of Abhay and Lodhi\'s trusted and highly respected officers, and good friends, IGP Pathak , commits suicide when the CBI come to arrest him on charges of being linked with the terrorists. This comes as a rude shock for Abhay and Lodhi. They now relaize that there are people all over who seem to be linked with the terrorists. Now Bhadra offers Abhay the chance to join with and help the terrorists, or else his family will be in danger. Abhay does not oblige . The terrorists shoot at the family dog,killing it, shoot at Abhay\'s son\'s leg and injure him, and send messages directly and indirectly to threaten him. Abhay finally agrees. Bhadra asks for Abhay to sham a fake kidnap drama and allow him to escape, which he unwillingly does. Lodhi is shocked at Bhadra\'s escape but he does not understand why Abhay is acting strangely. Now outside, Bhadra soon send two people, Surinder  and Mala to stay in Abhay\'s house, and asks the latter to accommodate them. The two of them keep Bhadra informed about everything, and threaten to kill Abhay\'s wife and child if he were to try anything funny at anytime. Only Abhay knows about their true identity. Soon Bhadra meets Abhay, and under threat of his wife and child being killed by Bhadra\'s signalling to the couple at their house , Abhay reveals that it was Lodhi who had arranged for two undercover cops to be sent to the gang, and only he knows \'who\' Dhanush really is. Abhay also comes to know that Inspector Tiwari, who was supporting Bhadra, has been eliminated. The gang attacks Lodhi. He almost starts to finish them off when he sees that one of the people sent to capture him is Shiv, so he goes along with them. Lodhi is beaten but he does not reveal who the inside man is really. Soon he is killed accidentally by Bhadra\'s pistol. The shock of all that is happening is too much for Abhay to bear. he tells everything to Sumitra , who tells Abhay that as a Police officer, he had taken an oath to protect the nation, and he must go by that. She also says that she will take care of everyone and everything if he were not there. Consoled, Abhay is then called for a late night meeting by Bhadra again. When he leaves for Lodhi\'s house first, Surinder tries to attack and rape , a girl being taken care of by Abhay and his wife. At this point Mala orders Surinder at gunpoint to leave the girl , but Surinder shoots Mala. Sumitra sees all this, and in order to save , seduces Surinder. Once in the bedroom, she pushes Surinder off, and kills him with his own gun. Abhay Singh is informed and he returns home, and consoles his family and bids them goodbye. He goes to meet Bhadra, where he attacks the criminal and is overpowered and bound to a chair. With only Shiv in the room, Commander Bhadra asks Abhay about the inside man, and suddenly points the pistol at Shiv. Abhay jumps off, attacks Bhandra, breaks free and stabs him in the neck with the broken wood of the chair.On hearing the commotion, as the entire gang comes from outside to break in to the room, Abhay tells Shiv to shoot him, because then it will appear as though Abhay was killed when he attacked Bhadra, and Shiv being highly trusted, would become the new gang leader. A reluctant Shiv does so, just as the gang breaks in. Shiv declares himself to be the terrorist gang leader, and the others accept his leadership. Abhay Singh passes away in peace.'] ["The movie deals about three friend Amarnath, Gopal and his sister, Mala, As Mala and Gopal's mom is a widow and is unable to care for both the children, she decides to let her Bombay-based cousin, Shobha R. Sharma, adopt Mala. Gopal is always in trouble with the villagers for petty theft, and when he learns that Mala has left, he too runs away from home. Years later, all three have grown up. Mala's mom is deceased, while she continues to live with her aunt and uncle, Public Prosecutor Ramnath Sharma; Amarnath is now an Advocate working with Senior Advocate Mehta, and is in love with Mala, not knowing that she is his childhood friend; while Gopal has been to prison in Poona, Madras, and the Police in Hyderabad want him for questioning. Soon Amarnath will be defending Gopal, alias Ram Singh, for the murder of one Mohanchand - and it will be an uphill task for Amarnath - for not only do the Police have airtight evidence against Gopal, Mohanchand was to be the future son-in-law of Ramnath - who has sworn to bring Gopal to justice by hook or by crook."] ["Naive, childish and precocious, Gauri lives in a small town with her parents. At a fair, she gets into an argument with Shankar. Shortly thereafter, Gauri is told that her marriage has been arranged. At first Gauri is thrilled, then changes her mind when she finds out that her groom is Shankar, but finally reconciles herself to this marriage. After she re-locates to Shankar's residence, she spends much of her time playing with Shankar's little brother. Her husband starts to realize that Gauri has not matured yet. He is unable to get intimate with her. Gauri soon becomes bored, and re-locates to her parents' house, where she resides for several months. It is here that she truly grows up, realizing the importance of marriage and intimacy. She then returns to Shankar's house, where she is welcomed back - though not quite warmly enough. Gauri starts to realize that her childishness has created distance between her and Shankar. He re-locates to study in another town. For several months, the family does not get any news about him. Shankar's father Gajanan Singh visits the hostel where his son is supposed to be staying. However, Gajanan finds that Shankar has left the hostel. For 3 months, Shankar goes missing. In the end, Shanker meets Gauri's childhood friend Ratna by chance. After talking to Ratna, Shankar realises that Gauri has matured and loves him. He goes running back to meet Gauri. They both reconcile."] ['Shy, introverted, and kind-hearted Surinder "Suri" Sahni  is an office employee for Punjab Power. He meets the daughter of his former professor , beautiful and vivacious Taani Gupta , during the preparations for her wedding. A short while later, the shocking news arrives that her fiancé and his wedding entourage were killed in a road accident. Taani\'s father suffers a heart attack at the news. Fearing that Taani will be alone in the world, the professor on his deathbed, requests Suri to marry her. Suri silently concedes as he likes her anyway; Taani tearfully agrees for her father\'s sake. After an impromptu wedding, Suri takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar. While his good nature leads Suri to treat her with exceptional care, by letting her have his bedroom all to herself, and patience, he is too frightened to profess his love for her. Besides which, Taani tells him that while she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in his life, she can never love him due to having no love left within her. Suri, least bothered and grateful for the increasing acts of wifely affection she does show, proceeds to indulge her wishes. These include regular evening trips to the cinema to see song and dance films which appeal to Taani\'s fantasies about romance and her passion for dancing. She soon asks for Suri\'s permission, which he grants, to take an expensive dance class with a Bombay company, Dancing Jodi, to unwind from her mundane life at home. During those evenings spent at the movies, Suri realizes the strong, masculine images that Taani admires and later asks his long-time chum Balwinder "Bobby" Khosla , a hair-salon owner, for grooming advice so as to win her love. Bobby gives him a complete makeover &mdash; shaving off his mustache , modding his hairstyle, fitting him out in funky Western-style clothing including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses. Suri is thus transformed into "Raj Kapoor", a name he borrows from the hero of the movie that Taani had admired. He joins the dance class to be near her. By chance &mdash; or, as he puts it, by divine choice &mdash; he becomes Taani\'s partner in the competition. Despite Raj\'s initial over-the-top attempts to emulate the "cool" images from movies, he and Taani become friends as they work together on their dance routine. Suri feels encouraged when Taani does not tie a rakhi  on "Raj\'s" wrist during the festival of Raksha Bandhan . Thus, after some time, Raj declares his love for her.  Taani is shocked, to say the least, and enters into a period of internal conflict. Suri also faces a dilemma: Taani\'s misery as his wife in contrast to her delight with his fabricated alter ego, Raj. He thus attempts to win Taani\'s love as Suri, an act which only alienates her further. She eventually runs away to find Raj to tell him the predicament she is in, hoping he will help her. He offers to elope with her, which she agrees to, tearfully. They set the date for their elopement to the next night, the night of the competition. Later that night, Suri tells Bobby that he will end the charade in his own way, i.e., sacrifice his cravings for her love, leave her his property and transfer himself to Delhi. On the day of the competition, Suri takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God\'s blessings for her performance that night and, internally, also for her life with Raj. While there, Taani has a realization in which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage to Suri is divinely inspired. For the first time she reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Suri\'s character, something she can grow to love. Taani thus tells Raj that she cannot choose him over her newly discovered life-partner. She leaves him in what appears to be a state of shock with tears in his eyes. When the time comes for their performance Taani is stunned to see Suri instead of Raj joining her on stage. While dancing Taani puts two and two together and through a series of flashbacks awakens to the fact that Suri is Raj. Backstage she confronts Suri and when he confesses his love for her, she tearfully admits that she returns his feelings. The two, having won the competition, head off on a honeymoon to Japan.'] ['Thavalam movie is based on a real life story of one Muthu who lived around the Ernakulam bus stand. Sivan  is a member of the gypsy group who roams around the cities to make a living. Sivan lives with his only daughter Meenakshi  in a village named mayilpetty. Dasan Menon and his wife Usha are regular visitors to the temple of the village. According to the local sayings, they also believe that if they come over to this temple three times in a month, they will be blessed with a child. In one of the visits, some of their money gets stolen and the blame falls on Meenakshi kutty who passes around the temple. Both Sivan and his daughter are arrested for the robbery but in little time local teashop owner, Panikkar, arrives at the station with the actual culprit. Sivan and his little daughter are set free but the family finds an excessive interest in the father and his daughter and starts asking them about their life.'] ["Pankaj , Sameer , Martand  and Gautam  are bound together by their ambition to make it big in life with the least effort possible. Each one tries his hand at finding a short cut to success but ends up being in even deeper trouble. Things get worse when the four decide to take some desperate measures to end their misery once and for all. They believe that the only way to get rich without working hard is to marry a wealthy girl. As luck would have it, a rich girl Ritu  arrives in their neighborhood. All four set out with their individual plans to marry her but end up discovering a shocking truth. Ritu came to the city to find about her brother's killers. All four of them try to impress Ritu's grand parents but all their tricks turn on themselves.The four friends set out in their individual plans to marry Ritu but end up discovering a spine-chilling truth. This leads to much confusion, creating hilarious twists and turns, along with an element of thrill, crime, murder and suspense."] ["This is a story about an singer/dancer Vicky Verma . While he was a top student in his school and college days, he is not having much luck finding work, clients or projects. All he does seems to go wrong. Afterwards, Saba  one of the most luckiest girls in the city, meets Vicky at a masked-party and the two kiss which swaps their luck around. Vicky gets as lucky as hell, and Saba gets jinxed. After she finds out that her luck changed due to that kiss, Saba goes out looking for Vicky even though she has never seen his face cos he was wearing a mask at the party when they kissed. Vicky gets signed a contract deal by Tarun Chopra , but its later cancelled when Saba finds him and kisses him to get the luck back. She goes to work, only to get fired, knowing that Vicky was going to use the luck not on him but on his little cousin who has a heart-problem. She once again kisses him to give him the luck back, and Vicky kisses his little cousin and she gets all the luck. After he does that, he ends up winning Saba's love and admiration. After Saba and Vicky get together, Vicky and Saba's life's change and they becomes prosperous."] ["Vijay Agnihotri comes from a wealthy family and is very spoiled as well as psychopathic. He meets Shivani in airplane who is a flight attendant with whom he instantly falls for but she shows no interest in him – this does not stop Vijay and he continues to pursue her, only to be rejected every time. Vijay informs his mother that he intends to marry Shivani. When they approach Shivani’s family with a proposal, they witness Shivani marry another man named Ashok. Vijay is now heartbroken. Shivani and Ashok decide to move to America. Four years later, Vijay still cannot forget Shivani and repeatedly turns down marriage proposals brought by his mother. He again comes across Shivani and Ashok who have a daughter named Pinky. Vijay befriends Ashok with fake airline project as the hope of getting closer to Shivani. Ashok is totally oblivious to Vijay's real intentions, to the extent that he does not believe Shivani when she tries to convince him of what Vijay is planning against them. One day, Ashok kicks Shivani out of their house after they have an argument. Vijay witnesses this and severely beats Ashok, leaving him unconscious. When Ashok is being treated in the hospital, Vijay removes the oxygen mask keeping Ashok alive, thereby killing him. Shivani attempts to convince the police that Vijay was responsible for Ashok’s death. However, Vijay bribes his friend, Inspector Arjun Singh, to provide an alibi, meaning Shivani is not believed and Vijay is released without charge. Vijay then approaches Shivani's house and begs her to say she loves him. When she refuses, he frames Shivani for his attempted murder and she is sentenced to three years in prison whilst Pinky is placed under the care of Shivani's sister and drunkard brother-in-law. Her brother-in-law treats Pinky extremely badly which eventually causes her to run away with the help of her aunt. Vijay accidentally kills Shivani’s sister and daughter by running them over. Shivani learns about their deaths and realises Vijay is the one who killed them and will now go to any lengths to seek revenge. In an attempt to escape, she makes a complaint about the brutality of her prison guard. Again her plea is ignored. In prison she comes to know that she is pregnant with Ashok's child . When the prison guard learns that Shivani tried to complain, she gives her a severe beating which causes her to have a miscarriage. Shivani soon kills the prison guard by hanging her. But as there is no evidence, she is not convicted for that. Three years later, Shivani is released from prison. First, she goes to her house and kills her brother-in-law by choking him with rupee notes and chewing off a significant amount of flesh from his arm. Inspector Singh learns about the murder and suspects Shivani. He tries to rape her in a barn, but she sets the barn on fire killing him in the process. She then searches for Vijay where she comes to know that he has moved to Bangalore. She then goes to work at a hospital for the mentally ill and finds Vijay, who had become paralysed in the car accident after running over Shivani's family. She volunteers to look after him and rehabilitate him. When cured, Vijay begs Shivani to say she loves him. She opens her arms to him. Whilst they embrace, she stabs him and then starts attacking him for everything he did. She confesses that she made him better for one purpose: to kill him.  Eventually, they both dangle from a cliff . Vijay says that if he falls to his death he'll take Shivani with him. Shivani then says that it is not as necessary for her to live as it is for Vijay to die. So she lets go off the cliff and they both fall to their deaths."] ['The Mirzas are a Muslim family living in a large ancestral house and running a shoe manufacturing business in the city of Agra in the United Provinces of northern India . The story begins in the immediate aftermath of India\'s independence and the partition of India in 1947. The family is headed by two brothers; Salim , who heads the family business, and his elder brother Halim, who is mainly engaged in politics and is a major leader in the provincial branch of the All India Muslim League, which led the demand for the creation of a separate Muslim state of Pakistan. Salim has two sons, the elder Baqar, who helps him in the business, and Sikander , who is a young student. Halim\'s son Kazim is engaged to Salim\'s daughter, Amina. Although he had publicly promised to stay in India for the sake of its Muslims, Halim later decides to quietly emigrate to Pakistan with his wife and son, believing that there was no future for Muslims in India. Salim resists the notion of moving, believing that peace and harmony would return soon, besides which, he has to care for their ageing mother, who refuses to leave the house of her forefathers. This puts Kazim and Amina\'s marriage plans on hold, although Kazim promises to return soon to marry her. Halim\'s stealthy migration affects Salim\'s standing in the community. In the aftermath of partition, the sudden migration of many Muslims from Agra left banks and other lenders deeply reluctant to lend money to Muslim businessmen like Salim Mirza, who had previously been held in high esteem, over fears that they would leave the country without repaying the loan. Unable to raise capital to finance production, Salim Mirza\'s business suffers. Salim Mirza\'s brother-in-law, formerly a League supporter, now joins the ruling Indian National Congress in an attempt to get ahead in independent India while his son Shamshad unsuccessfully woos Amina, who is still devoted to Kazim and hopeful of his return. Halim\'s migration to Pakistan makes the family home an "evacuee property" as the house is in Halim\'s name and Halim did not transfer it to Salim Mirza. The Indian government mandates the take over of the house, forcing Salim Mirza\'s family to move out of their ancestral home, which is very hard on Mirza\'s aged mother. Salim\'s wife blames him for not raising this issue with his brother Halim before he left for Pakistan. Mirza resists his wife\'s hints that they also move to Pakistan and his elder son\'s calls for modernizing the family business. Mirza finds it difficult to rent a house, facing discrimination owing to his religion and fears that a Muslim family would skip out on rent if they decided to leave for Pakistan. He finally succeeds in finding a smaller house to rent, but his business is failing and despite his son\'s exhorting, refuses to change with the times, believing that Allah would protect them. Salim Mirza\'s passiveness and disconnection from the outside world leaves his wife and son frustrated. The Mirza family house is bought by a close business associate, Ajmani,  who respects Mirza and tries to help him. Despite growing troubles, the family is briefly buoyed by Sikander\'s graduation from college. Amina and her family have almost given up on her marrying Kazim after Halim breaks his promise to return soon from Pakistan. Kazim returns on his own, and reveals that his father had become opposed to his marrying Amina, preferring that he marry the daughter of a Pakistani politician. Having received a scholarship from the Government of Pakistan to study in Canada, Kazim desires to marry Amina before he leaves, but before the marriage can take place, he is arrested by police and repatriated to Pakistan for traveling without a passport and not registering at the police station, as is required of all citizens of Pakistan. Amina is heart-broken, and finally accepts Shamshad\'s courtship. Sikander undergoes a long string of unsuccessful job interviews, where the interviewers repeatedly suggest that he would have better luck in Pakistan. Sikander and his group of friends become disillusioned and start an agitation against unemployment and discrimination, but Salim prohibits Sikander from taking part. Despite his political connections, Salim Mirza\'s brother-in-law ends up in debt over shady business practices and decides to flee to Pakistan. Amina again faces the prospect of losing her lover, but Shamshad promises to return and not leave her like Kazim. Salim Mirza\'s reluctance to modernize and cultivate ties with the newly-formed shoemakers union results in his business not receiving patronage and consequently failing. Disillusioned, his son Baqar decides to migrate to Pakistan with his son and wife. Salim\'s aged mother suffers a stroke, and through his friend, Salim is able to bring his mother to her beloved house for a final visit, where she dies. While Salim is traveling in a horse-drawn carriage, the carriage driver, a Muslim, gets into an accident and a squabble with other locals. The situation deteriorates into a riot, and Salim is hit by a stone and suffers injuries. With his business and elder son gone, Salim begins to work as a humble shoemaker to make a living. Shamshad\'s mother returns from Pakistan for a visit, leading Amina and her mother to think that Shamshad would also come soon and their marriage would take place. However, Shamshad\'s mother merely takes advantage of Salim Mirza\'s connections to release some of her husband\'s money, and reveals that Shamshad\'s marriage has been arranged with the daughter of a well-connected Pakistani family. Shattered with this second betrayal, Amina commits suicide, which devastates the whole family. Amidst these problems, Salim Mirza is investigated by the police on charges of espionage over his sending plans of their former property to his brother in Karachi, Pakistan. Although acquitted by the court, Mirza is shunned in public and faces a humiliating whisper campaign. Mirza\'s long aversion to leaving India finally breaks down and he decides in anger to leave for Pakistan. Sikander opposes the idea, arguing that they should not run away from India, but fight against the odds for the betterment of the whole nation, but Salim decides to leave anyway. However, as the family is travelling towards the railway station, they encounter a large crowd of protestors marching against unemployment and discrimination, which Sikander had planned to join. Sikander\'s friends call out to him, and Salim encourages him to join the protestors. Instructing the carriage driver to take his wife back to their house, and the film ends as Salim Mirza himself joins the protest, ending his isolation from the new reality.'] ['Retired Commissioner Ashwini Kumar  is on a railway station to receive his teenager grandson Ravi . On being asked by his grandfather about his future plans, Ravi promptly replies that he wants to become a police officer and serve his country, just like his grandfather. Kumar tells him that the journey of a police personal life is fraught with many challenges and so he must reconsider his decision. Kumar starts by explaining his own story. Kumar goes in flashback, back to the days when he was an Inspector. Kumar had a happy family consisting, him his wife Sheetal  and son Vijay. Ashwini takes cudgels against a dreaded gangster named J.K. Verma . He arrests a key henchman of J.K. and is about to challenge J.K.\'s supremacy. J.K. takes the matters in his hands and abducts Vijay. J.K. tries to strike a deal with Kumar: set his henchman free and he will spare Vijay\'s life. Kumar, an honest cop who will give any sacrifice tells J.K. on the phone that even if his only son is killed in the process, he will not betray the law. Unknown to him, an abducted Vijay is also listening to this conversation. He is shocked and pained to hear his father\'s words. At that time, K.D.Narang , another goon in J.K.\'s gang, helps Vijay to escape after he has a fight with his boss. Soon the police find J.K.\'s hideout where he hid Vijay, but Vijay is missing. J.K. and K.D. become sworn enemies. Vijay returns home, but his actions indicate that the damage has already been done. As Vijay grows, his hatred for his father grows too. A young Vijay  is an antithesis to his father, espousing every wrong thing his father dislikes. He finally has a fall-out with his father and leaves home. Vijay soon becomes a known name in the underworld. By chance or destiny, Vijay joins K.D., who has become a rival, an equal for J.K. Vijay gladly accepts to work with the man he perceives as the person to whom he owes his life. With K.D.\'s help, Vijay starts climbing the crime ladder even faster. J.K. cannot help but notice that Kumar\'s son has become a notorious gangster, just as he cannot help noticing that the alliance of Vijay and K.D. has made his life of crime even harder. J.K. decides to remove his thorns before they suck the blood out of him and his business. Meanwhile, Vijay meets and falls in love with Roma Devi , a single woman. They start living together, without marriage. Sheetal tries to persuade her son to leave the path of wrong, but in vain. Later, Roma reveals to Vijay that she is pregnant with his child. Vijay decides to marry her. J.K. hires a sharpshooter to kill Kumar. Instead, Sheetal gets killed trying to shield her husband. Vijay is enraged and starts hunting for J.K.\'s head. J.K. has already perceived this and made all arrangements to leave the country. K.D. too plans to leave the country with Vijay. K.D. convinces Vijay that if he kills J.K., the whole city\'s police will start hunting him and so he should get out of the country as fast as he can. Kumar has learnt about Roma and her pregnancy from Sheetal before her death. Kumar and his team learn of J.K. and K.D.\'s plans. Vijay kills J.K.\'s goons who try to kill him and ultimately succeeds in killing J.K. before he leaves the country. Meanwhile, Kumar succeeds in foiling K.D.\'s attempt to flee the country. At this time, he learns that Vijay was going after JK. Kumar succeeds to track down Vijay, who has just killed JK. Kumar tries to stop him, but in vain. A teary-eyed Kumar lifts his pistol and pulls the trigger. Vijay falls down just before he can reach the plane stairs. Kumar rushes towards him and in a tearful conversation, Vijay realizes his mistake and asks forgiveness. Vijay dies in Kumar\'s arms. Kumar later takes Roma with him. Kumar cuts to the present and asks again to Ravi whether he wants to follow that dream. Ravi, on hearing the story, firmly says that his answer would still be "yes". Kumar and Roma give Ravi their blessings. Ravi takes a train and leaves, signifying that he would become an officer in the future.'] ['How betraying a friend or an acquaintance can ruin ones life is poignantly depicted in the Malayalam film Thalappavu made by actor-turned-director Madhupal. The movie is based on a real-life confession of a police constable about gunning down a naxalite in a fake encounter as per the order of his superiors nearly thirty years ago. The screenplay by Babu Janardhanan uses the stream of consciousness flow to show the mental state of the constable who feels deranged after the incident. Lal plays Constable Raveendran Pillai whose family life is ruined after the killing of Joseph , a revolutionary leader fighting for the rights of the hapless farmers of Wayanad. Raveendran is a misfit in the police force as he is not courageous or cruel as the others of his ilk. He is a family man to the hilt and dotes on his children. He befriends Joseph on the way while on duty. Joseph introduces him to the revolutionary ideas. Raveendran takes instant liking for Joseph and roams in the forests with Joseph during his free time.'] ["At the age of 11, Ram’s family and Anjali’s family members get killed by Anna . Ram's father is Prakash Raj, who is an ACP. Due to a conflict between Anna and Ram's father, he kills the complete family. In that tragic incident every one gets killed except Anjali, Ram and their uncle. Ram gets adopted into a different family and Anjali lives with her uncle. They both are not aware of the other’s survival in that incident. How Ram and Anjali take revenge on Anna is the remaining Plot."] ['Hungama revolves around four primary characters, Anjali, Nandu, Mr. Tiwari, and Jeetu, as their lives in the big city become intertwined following a series of mishaps and misunderstandings. Anjali  has run away from a small village to get a job in the big city, where she hopes to make enough money to pay off the debts her family owes their landlord. Otherwise Anjali will have to marry the landlord\'s son, Raja , whom she describes as a "First Class Idiot." Once she arrives in the city, the only way she can find cheap lodging is by pretending to be married to a total stranger, Nandu , an aspiring musician, an arrangement thought up by local milkman and fixer, Bholu . Anjali and Nandu initially don\'t get along but must make do to retain their low-rent accommodation. Meanwhile, an electronics salesman named Jeetu  is struggling to find a loan to start his own business. His wealthy dad refuses to loan him a single penny, and he is quite frustrated. He discusses his situation with his equally penniless friend Anil  who confides in him that "the best way to access funds is to marry into them," i.e. marry someone\'s rich daughter. This is precisely what he plans to do himself, by seducing the daughter of a local bigwig named Kachara Seth . He plans to make himself appear rich and expects that, once married, the father-in-law will be able to do nothing upon discovering that his new son-in-law is actually poor and will have to accept Anil into the family as-is. Acting on what is meant to be simply a sarcastic comment by his father about getting money by "stealing from someone else" instead of "begging from his father," Jeetu takes the matter up and ends up stealing a chunk of cash from his parent\'s safe. He then proceeds to fulfill his dream of opening his electronics business at the local mall. Meanwhile, millionaire businessman Radeshyam Tiwari , who lives in a village with his wife  and retains the mannerisms of a villager despite his untold riches, decides to spend a few weeks in the city. He and his wife are afraid of becoming estranged from their London-educated children when they return home; a stint in the city observing the ways of city folk seems like a good idea. Mr. Tiwari owns a large villa in the city but has never lived there, leaving it occupied by a servant named Pandu. Unbeknownst to Tiwari, Anil has been living at his villa for the past couple of weeks, having struck a deal with Pandu. The plan involves pretending to be Tiwari\'s son and asking Kachara Seth for his daughter\'s hand in marriage. The plan has been working to perfection so far, with money- and status-conscious Kachara Seth having visited the villa, having become impressed with Anil, and having decided to betroth his daughter to someone he believes is Tiwari\'s real son. However, the plan is about to fall apart at the final hurdle, with news that Tiwari is unexpectedly arriving in town tomorrow. Fearful for his own employment, Pandu begs Anil to make some excuse to Kachara Seth, leave the villa and find temporary shelter elsewhere until Tiwari has come and gone. Anjali gets news of Tiwari\'s arrival from a friend and pays a visit to the villa in the hope of landing a job there. She turns up for an interview, but Tiwari\'s wife does not like her husband\'s bubbling behavior towards the young, attractive Anjali and slams the door in her face. Desperate for a job, she decides to wait outside the door in the hope of seeing Tiwari again when he steps outside by himself. At this point, Jeetu shows up at the villa to fix a stereo his shop sold Tiwari the day before. When he sees Anjali at the door, he mistakes her for the daughter of Tiwari and, with the words of Anil in the back of his mind, instinctively starts wooing Anjali. Unable to land a job at the Tiwaris, Anjali later bumps into Jeetu when she replies to a help wanted ad in the newspaper for work at Jeetu\'s new store. Jeetu is perplexed as to why super-rich "Mr. Tiwari\'s daughter" would want to work a mediocre job but agrees to hire her without inquiring too deeply, realizing the golden opportunity such arrangement offers him in being able to woo her daily. Anjali, realizing Jeetu\'s mistake, does not correct him, realizing she may not land the job if Jeetu finds out she is a poor village girl. Nandu, in the meantime, has begun to fall in love with Anjali while living with her. However, with Jeetu beginning to spend a considerable amount of time with Anjali outside of work, its simply a matter of time before Nandu and Jeetu cross paths. When they do, the result is an immediate and highly public verbal altercation. Anjali is able to avoid Jeetu discovering the fact that she knows Nandu and shares a room with him. Every day after work, Jeetu drops Anjali off at the Tiwari villa mistakenly believing she lives there as Tiwari\'s daughter. As soon as he drives off, Anjali turns away from the front door and hastily makes her way out before the Tiwaris can spot her. As it turns out, Mrs. Tiwari also happens to be named Anjali, which leads to much confusion and misunderstanding between Jeetu, Anjali, Mr. Tiwari, and Mrs. Tiwari. With Jeetu often showing up at Mr. Tiwari\'s villa asking Mr. Tiwari for "Anjali" and Mrs. Tiwari often spotting the real Anjali outside the villa where Jeetu drops her off after work, soon, the Tiwaris become convinced that each is having an affair with the younger counterparts. This results in several acrimonious arguments and much tantrum throwing between the elderly couple. To make matters even more complicated, Anjali receives a letter from home, informing her that her prospective groom Raja is coming to the city to see her. Raja arrives the next day but is intercepted by Nandu at the train station, who teams up with Bholu to formulate a plan to scare the simpleton Raja away from the city before he can get in touch with Anjali. In the meantime, Kachara Seth, too, has visited the villa on several occasions. Upon finding the Tiwaris there and Pandu and Anil missing, has become very agitated, with the honor of his daughter in the balance. Mr. Tiwari tries to explain to him that he has no son here in the city and, even if his son cam here from London without his knowledge, he would never ever marry the daughter of some low-class person like Kachara. Tensions soon boil over between Mr. Tiwari and Kachara Seth. Now Mr. Tiwari is after Jeetu for his perceived dalliances with his wife; Kachara Seth is after Mr. Tiwari and his missing son Anil; Jeetu is after Mr. Tiwari for Anjali\'s hand in marriage; and Nandu\'s landlord\'s wife has fallen for Nandu and is after him about eloping with her. All the major characters start chasing after each other and end up in a warehouse, where a big melee follows. In the end, Jeetu and Nandu confront Anjali and profess their love for her, forcing her to choose between them. Seemingly cornered into a difficult choice, Anjali proceeds to write Jeetu and Nandu\'s name on several chits, folds them up and asks Jeetu to pick one. Whoever\'s name shows up, she promises to marry him. Jeetu is reluctant, convinced she is in love with him, but he picks up a chit and Nandu\'s name shows up. Anjila walks off into the sunset with Nandu. When a disappointed Jeetu collapses to the floor in despair and opens the other chits, they all have Nandu\'s name: Anjali had fallen in love with Nandu along the way and the ruse with the chits was a way to make rejecting Jeetu more palatable.'] ['Maanav  is a struggling filmmaker who will not compromise on the script he has written. His girlfriend Ruchi , a successful film editor, arranges for him to meet film producer Nitin . Nitin likes the script but is not very sure of its box office potential. Maanav then suggests a story from the Panchtantra: A woman is caught red-handed with her lover by her husband and yet, she manages to wriggle out of it Scot-free! Nitin loves the story but finds it too short for a feature film. Maanav then creates three more stories based on the same premise: in a way, the Panchantra story travels in different versions to the modern times through the film. The four stories are woven together by a common story. Mirch itself echoes this structure, with four stories mingling with the main narrative.'] ['Ajay Sharma , is a man who seeks revenge. His father, Vishwanath Sharma , once owner of a great business empire, was defrauded by Madan Chopra , a trusted employee in Vishwanath\'s company. The Sharma family is ousted from their own company and loses everything they owned. Soon afterwards, Ajay\'s father and his young baby sister die due to illness, unable to buy medicine because of their destitute state. His mother  is now suffering from mental illness and memory loss. Driven over the edge, Ajay becomes obsessed with killing Chopra and destroying his family. Ajay begins dating Seema Chopra , the daughter of the owner of Chopra business empire. They meet secretly as her father would not approve of a poor son-in-law. Meanwhile, the younger daughter Priya Chopra  travels with her father Madan Chopra to Madras , for Madan\'s final kart race before he retires permanently. Madan has never lost before, but comes across Vicky Malhotra . Vicky allows Madan to win by slowing at the last corner and tells him that he couldn\'t beat his "guru". Vicky then charms Priya by saying that he lost the race as he couldn\'t break the heart of a beautiful girl. Thus his ploy of winning in spite of losing  succeeds as he wins Priya\'s heart. This way, he manages to date both Seema and Priya simultaneously using different identities. Ajay is  photographed lurking outside the birthday party of Seema by one of her friends. Later Madan Chopra arranges for Seema to be married off to another business family. Seema is heartbroken, and Ajay decides that they will write identical suicide notes and commit suicide. After they each write their suicide notes, he tells her that the suicide note was just a test. He says that only cowards commit suicide and destroys his note, while keeping Seema\'s. They decide to marry secretly the next day. When they arrive, the registrar is closed, so they go up to the roof of the building for sightseeing. He makes her sit on the parapet and tells her the truth about himself, after which he throws her to her death from the rooftop of the building. He then posts the suicide note and leaves, but arrives later  with Priya. He helps the Chopra family with the funeral. The letter written by Seema implies that she has committed suicide, and the murder investigation is closed. Priya cannot believe that, and asks her father to re-open the case. However, he disagrees, saying he doesn\'t want to lose his reputation due to Seema\'s affair. Priya then asks Karan , who is her former classmate and a current police inspector, for help. Priya tries to investigate Seema\'s death, however her attempts prove unsuccessful. Ravi, Seema\'s college friend, offers to help her, but is brutally killed by Vicky. As Vicky forces him to sign a suicide note before hanging him, Karan thinks that Ravi must have been in love with Seema and hence her murderer. Later, Priya and Vicky meet Seema\'s college friend, Anjali, who becomes suspicious of him. When she finds out that he was Seema\'s boyfriend back in college, she calls the Sharma household during Vicky\'s and Priya\'s engagement party. Vicky intercepts the phone and impersonates Chopra, and then arrives at her place. He strangles her, then fits her body in a suitcase and throws it in the river. Vicky vows to destroy Madan Chopra, confiscate his assets and throw him out of his office and onto the street, just like Chopra did many years ago to Ajay\'s father. Chopra needs to go on a business trip, and knowing that Vicky\'s his soon to be son-in-law, gives Vicky the Power of attorney. Vicky does a carbon copy of the previous montage of Chopra, and within days seizes everything. One day in a club Vicky takes Priya to calm her mind, where they meet Ajay\'s childhood friend, who greets him as Ajay. While Vicky tries to ignore him, Priya tells the man that he is mistaken, and that Ajay is Vicky Malhotra. Ajay\'s friend repeatedly tries to remind Vicky  about their friendship. Vicky feels trapped and tries to get out of the mess by abusing him and gets in a scuffle with him. Priya visits Ajay\'s friend and the whole truth is revealed to her. When Chopra returns, Vicky reveals himself as Vishwanath Sharma\'s son Ajay and gives him the exact sendoff that Chopra did 15–20 years ago. Priya finds Ajay\'s home address, and finds out his real identity. Ajay comes in and they argue about Seema\'s murder. Ajay wins her over by telling her the history of their two families. Madan charges in with a group of thugs and shoots Ajay in the shoulder before he is severely beaten and wounded. Ajay\'s Mother is then knocked unconscious trying to defend Ajay. This prompts him to recover and fight Madan and his gang all alone. Chopra eventually picks up a stake and mortally stabs Ajay. However, Ajay manages to impale him with the same stake by walking into him, and they jump off a small cliff. Chopra dies, and Ajay  manages to stagger back to his mother. He tells her that he has reclaimed what is rightfully hers. Mrs. Sharma is cured of her illness, but is beset by sorrow, along with Priya crying beside her, as Ajay dies in their arms.'] ['Rizwan Khan  is a Muslim child who grew up with his brother Zakir  and his mother Razia Khan  in a middle-class family in the Borivali section of Mumbai. Rizwan is different from other children, however. He has certain gifts, particularly a special ability to repair mechanical things. His difference leads to special tutoring from a reclusive scholar and extra attention from his mother, both of which lead to heightened jealousy from his brother Zakir, who eventually leaves his family for a life in the United States. Despite this resentment, as an adult Zakir sponsors Rizwan to come and live with him in San Francisco after the death of their mother. It is at this time that Zakir\'s wife, Haseena  diagnoses Rizwan with Asperger syndrome. Rizwan also begins to work for Zakir, and in the process he meets a Hindu woman, Mandira  and her young son, Sameer or Sam , from a previous marriage. Mandira is a hairdresser. Despite Zakir\'s hostility to the match, Khan and Mandira marry and settle down in the fictional town of Banville. Both Mandira and Sameer take Rizwan\'s last name as their own. They also live next door to the Garrick family. Sameer is close to their young son, Reese  while Mark  is a reporter and Sarah  is a friend of Mandira.  The Khans\' perfect existence gets disrupted, however, after the September 11 attacks on New York City. Mark goes to cover the war in Afghanistan and dies there, much to both Sarah and Resse\'s distress. At the same time, the Khan family begins to experience post 9–11 prejudice in their community and Reese begins to turn against Sam as well. One afternoon, an argument between them turns into a racially motivated schoolyard fight between Sameer and a gang of older students. Reese, acting on behalf of Sam, tries to stop the fight, but is held back and Sam is punched and kicked several times, with the gang finishing by hitting him on the head with a soccer ball. As an act of revenge, Sam hits the leader teenager on the head, too. The gang continue fighting Sam. Mortally wounded, Sam screams "Asshole!". Overreacting, the lead teenager kicks the soccerball, which hits Sam\'s stomach, knocking him unconscious. The gang then silences Resse by threatening to beat him up if he tells the authorities about it. Sam is rushed to the hospital, but his severe internal bleeding cannot be healed, and Sam dies of his broken ribs. A shattered Mandira blames Rizwan for Sam\'s death, stating that Sam "died only because his last name was Khan." She then tells Rizwan that she no longer wants to be with him. When he asks her what he has to do to be together with Mandira, she sarcastically tells him that he has to tell the people of the United States and the President that his name is Khan and that he is not a terrorist. Rizwan takes Mandira\'s request seriously, and thus sets out on a journey that takes him from one US state to another, to first meet President George W. Bush and later the new President-elect. During this quest, he travels to Wilhemina, Georgia and befriends Mama Jenny and her son Joel. Later, in Los Angeles, he prays in a Mosque and overhears violent rhetoric from Faisal Rahman . He reports this to the FBI but there is no response at that moment. Later, while waiting in a crowd to meet President Bush and repeating again and again, "My name is Khan and I am not a terrorist," Rizwan is arrested and placed in a prison by police who misinterpret his statement thinking he said he was a terrorist. While in the prison he is interrogated as a terrorist suspect and meets the psychiatrist Radha  who believes he is innocent. He is later released after a media campaign by some Indian student reporters Raj  and Komal  and Bobby Ahuja , who prove his innocence by unearthing his attempts to inform the FBI about Faisal Rahman. After his release, he returns to hurricane-hit Wilhemina to help Mama Jenny and her son. His efforts attract media attention and numerous Muslims come to help as well. At the same time, a remorseful Reese confesses to Mandira and reveals the identities of the gang who killed Sam. She informs Detective Garcia  who has been assisting her on the case, and he arrests the gang. Mandira later gets a call from Sarah to forgive Rizwan, "I\'ve lost my husband; don\'t lose him." Mandira realises her error, she joins Rizwan in Georgia, and their love rekindles. However, at the moment she arrives, Rizwan is stabbed by one of Faisal Rahman\'s followers , who accuses him of being a traitor to Islam, and Rizwan is rushed to the hospital. With Mandira\'s help, Rizwan survives and meets President-elect Barack Obama  who tells him, "Your name is Khan and you are not a terrorist." The film concludes with Rizwan and Mandira going back home.'] ['Vikram Aditya Singh Sisodiya , a rich industrialist from Rajasthan, comes to Mumbai for a business meeting and requests the services of an escort who actually will be his secretary for the day. Jia Rao , employed by the escort service, makes a hash of her job, which prompts Vikram to train her to be a good escort. Before the day ends, he proposes marriage and she accepts. She moves into his palatial bungalow where she is introduced to the caretaker Malini  and the support staff who do nothing but refer to the dead Mrs Sisidoya . Everything in the mansion has her stamp “A” and Jia is trapped, until she musters enough courage to say that she is Mrs Sisodiya. Both try to save their marriage by burying the ghost of the past and by a twist of fate, are led to the body of Anamika. After the dead body is revealed Vikram gets arrested as he is accused of murdering Anamika.'] ["Shankar  is an educated young man who is employed in the construction business by Ratanlal . Shankar is also the union leader, and would like Ratanlal to enforce measures for workers' safety. Before he could ensure this, Shankar is accidentally killed in a work-related accident, leaving behind his wife, Parvati  and young son, Rakesh . Rakesh is in trauma because of an incident, and this trauma is repeated in his mind every time his mother comes near him. Parvati is instructed to keep away from Rakesh, and Rakesh is adopted by Robert  and his wife, Kathy  and they rename him Rocky. Years later Rocky has grown up without knowing who his birth mother is. Rocky's lifestyle is carefree, until he falls in love with Renuka . It is then he learns that he is really Rakesh, and that his mother is still alive, and his father did not die accidentally, but was murdered. Rocky sets out to avenge his father's death. He gets help from a rape victim . But he doesn't know that his days, along with those of his near and dear ones, may also be numbered."] ['Sid , a bachelor works as a divorce managing officer. He meets Sonali , who joins him in his business of splitting couples and they earn well in the process. Together, they are known as the Jodi  Breakers. Sometimes, they secretly make husband and wife fight with each other, that will result in their divorce. This happens with Marc  and Maggie . But when Marc finds out the reason that got him and Maggie divorced, hell breaks loose.'] ["After her widower dad, Kedarnath, passes away, Shobha goes to live with his friend, Charandas, and his wife, Shanta, who had their son go missing as a child. Years later Shobha is now matured and Charandas scouts for a suitable groom. A wealthy man, Sunder, would like to marry Shobha, but the family detests him. Then one night Shobha is abducted. The Police are informed but their search is in vain. A few days later they get wind that Shobha may be in Sunder's custody, a search does prove to be in vain. Then Shobha returns home and tells them she was rescued by a wealthy man named Azaad, housed in a mansion, looked after very well, and brought back home all in one piece. They subsequently find out that the wealthy man is none other than a notorious bandit named Azaad. They are even more shocked when Shobha informs them that she wants to get married to Azaad. Will Charandas and Shanta permit her to marry a bandit?"] ["Rahul  and Anu Verghese  are held by the police simultaneously on charges of creating a disturbance and running away, respectively. Rahul is angry with his dad for marrying a second time, while his first wife is still alive; Anu ran away from an oppressive girls' hostel run by Arnie Campbell . They meet again, and love happens. Rahul helps Anu be independent and seek a job. Anu is discovered by a talent agent to be a model, which she accepts. Rahul wants to marry Anu but first must establish himself. He does establish himself as a singer but is under the impression that Anu helped him with his career. His ego is hurt, and he is resentful towards her. Anu then decides to better her career for which she must re-locate to Paris. The film's villian, model director Mr. Padam Singh persuades Anu to accompany him to the airport but at the climax when Rahul comes to stop her from boarding the flight it is finally revealed that Anu has decided to stay behind to renew her relationship with Rahul ."] ["Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon is the story of Sanjana , a girl of today's generation full of life. She lives life on her own terms and gets very upset when her mother Susheela  arranges for her to see a boy leading to a marriage prospect. Roopa, the eldest daughter, shows Sanjana's photos to Prem's mother who instantly approves of her. She eventually meets Prem Kishen . At first she cannot stand him, but eventually they fall in love. Her parents are happy that Sanjana likes him, but suddenly Roopa e-mails to tells them that Prem could not make it so they sent someone else. Sanjana's confused parents find out that the boy who is here is not the rich N.R.I. Prem whom Sanjana was meant to meet. He is Prem Kishen, an employee in Prem Kumar's company. It gets even worse when the real Prem Kumar  arrives to meet Sanjana. The meddling mother ousts Prem Kishen, though the father  has reservations because he sees how much Sanjana and Prem are in love. Prem Kumar likes Sanjana instantly and Sanjana can't believe how much she has in common with him, but Sanjana is now inseparable from Prem Kishen, her true love. He returns to Sundarnagar and reveals during the family photo that his boss is going to get married with his beloved Sanjana. Trouble ensues; a marriage is decided for Sanjana and Prem Kumar with Prem Kumar's mother's  blessing. Prem Kishen's loyalty to his boss and his boss' happiness forces him to leave and let the marriage go on. Sanjana finally meets her soulmate when Prem Kumar learns the reality and reunites Sanjana and Prem Kishen."] ["Kaali  is a small town rowdy who helps his community with his earnings. He is good at heart and is loved by everyone in town. He works for Kotayya  whose rival is Gollapudi. Once when he goes to warn Gollapudi he meets and falls in love with Radha ([[Radha  that he was brought wrongly and catches Chitragupta  red handedly for cheating. In a fit to correct the mistake Yama and Chitragupta leave to Earth to find the body and return to take him with them to put his back to life, but unfortunately his body is burnt and Kaali refuses to enter another body. So they try to convince him to enter into one of his identical persons. He refuses due to some warnings by Vichitragupta . Then they show him another body of Balu  in a village and tell him it is his last option. Kaali learns the past of Balu, a soft spoken and non-confrontational man who is often ill-treated by his family. Vijayashanti holds his love interest. They plan to kill him on his 25th birthday as they have to hand over his property. That's where Kaali's soul is put into his body and he plays black and blue with them. However, he doesn't remember his past as Kaali once he sees Kotayya's photo in a newspaper and remembers his other life and returns to city. The rest of the plot is woven on how he balances the two lives and two girl friends till the very last test by Yama to prove his credibility in his love and willing to save all the people he loves. The movie was one of the Super hit in 1988 and had 100 days run in 12 centers."] ["The story is centred on Bharani . This loud, angry young man, who doesn’t mind letting his fist fly furiously, is totally in awe of his uncle Saravanaperumal . Vishal and his mother  live with Saravanaperumal and his mother . It is a family that is typical of most Tamil movies. The villagers just venerate this big family. Pitted against them is the other big one — PVS family . And then there is Banu, daughter of Nadia and Saravanaperumal . Banu falls in love with Bharani whereas Bharani insults using press, unknowingly. As a revenge for Bharani insulting Banu, Nassar orders Saravanaperumal killed. But Saravanaprumal escapes with a minor cut on the back. Angered, Bharani tries to cut Nassar's hand in a fight. Nassar's youngest brother comes to make a truce and loses his right hand . Bharani comes to know that he has rights to marry Banu as we are told in a fight that Sakunthala  is the estranged wife of Saravanan. The two had parted ways over Saravanan’s extreme fondness for his sister  and Bharani. The story later is told that they had broken up because of Saravanan's sister's husband who has died, hence she stays with them. Sakunthala did not like this so they were separated. It all builds towards a heightened climax as the two young lovers try to hammer out peace between the two families. Sakunthala's brother tries to envelope her with a bad guy, the villain and here there is a twist."] ["The movie is about the love between a Tamil man, Vasu , and a North Indian woman, Sapna , who are neighbours in Goa. They come from totally different backgrounds and can hardly speak the other's language. Their parents despise each other and they have regular skirmishes. When Vasu and Sapna admit their love, there is chaos in their homes, and their parents reject the idea. As a ploy to separate the lovers, their parents impose a condition that Vasu and Sapna should stay away from each other for a year. After such a period, if they still want to get together, they can get married. During the year there should be no contact between them whatsoever. Vasu and Sapna reluctantly agree to the condition and decide to separate. Vasu moves to Hyderabad, and they both initially suffer a lot tolerating the separation. Vasu then meets Sandhya ([[Madhavi , a widow who teaches him Hindi. Meanwhile, Sapna's mother brings a family friend's son, Chakram , to Goa to distract Sapna from her devotion to Vasu, but she is not impressed. At a chance meeting in Mangalore, Chakram lies to Vasu that Sapna has agreed to marry him. Vasu gets upset and decides to marry Sandhya on the rebound. However, Sandhya comes to know of Vasu's real love and goes to Goa to know the exact situation and to clear the misunderstanding between the lovers. Vasu then returns to Goa and impresses Sapna's parents with his Hindi skills. When Vasu goes to meet Sapna he is attacked by a group of goons hired by Sandhya's brother . Meanwhile, Sapna gets raped by a familiar person  at a temple and is left to die. The movie ends tragically when Vasu and Sapna commit suicide by jumping off a cliff."] ['The film begins with construction completion of a water canal to the village, set in the present. Radha , as the \'mother\' of the village, is asked to open the canal and remembers back to her past when she was newly married. The wedding between Radha and Shamu  was paid for by Radha\'s mother-in-law who raised a loan from the moneylender, Sukhilala. This event starts the spiral of poverty and hardship which Radha endures. The conditions of the loan are disputed, but the village elders decide in favour of the moneylender, after which Shamu and Radha are forced to pay three quarters of their crop as interest on the loan of 500 rupees. Whilst trying to bring more of their land into use to alleviate their poverty, Shamu\'s arms are crushed by a boulder. He is ashamed of his helplessness and is humiliated by others in the village; deciding that he is no use to his family, he leaves and does not return. Soon after, Radha\'s mother-in-law dies. Radha continues to work in the fields with her two sons and gives birth again. Sukhilala offers to help alleviate her poverty in return for Radha marrying him, but she refuses to "sell herself". A storm and a resultant flood sweeps through the village, destroys the harvest, and kills Radha\'s youngest child. Though at first the villagers begin to migrate, they decide to stay and rebuild on the urging of Radha. The film then skips forward several years to when Radha\'s two surviving children, Birju  and Ramu , are young men. Birju, embittered by the exactions of Sukhilala since he was a child, takes out his frustrations by pestering the village girls, especially Sukhilala\'s daughter. Ramu, by contrast, has a calmer temper and is married soon after. Though he becomes a father, his wife is soon absorbed into the cycle of poverty in the family. Birju\'s anger finally becomes dangerous and, after being provoked, attacks Sukhilala and his daughter, lashing out at his family. He is chased out of the village and becomes a bandit. On the day of the wedding of Sukhilala\'s daughter, Birju returns to take his revenge. He kills Sukhilala and takes his daughter. Radha, who had promised that Birju would not do harm, shoots Birju, who dies in her arms. The film ends in the present day with her opening of the canal and reddish water flowing into the fields.'] ["Durgeshwari Devi  is a very rich and proud lady. She stays in her palace-like home with her two sons Dheeraj and Neeraj, her daughter Rekha , her brother, nicknamed DDT , and his close friend, nicknamed BBC  along with her personal secretary, Shakti. Rekha studies in a medical college in Bombay. Durgeshwari Devi has full control over her home and company and is feared by all. Her ambitions of wedding Rekha in a rich family like hers seem to fail when Rekha falls in love with Raja . Raja is an unemployed, poor but smart and educated man. Durgeshwari seeing him to be a smart fellow puts a condition for agreeing to the marriage which would humiliate him and thus back out. She asks Raja to live with them after the marriage and not other way round where the bride goes to live at groom's home. Duregeshwari tries many tricks to humiliate, demean and even portray false image of Raja in front of Rekha with help of all her aides. But putting all in vain, Raja outdoes her tricks and eventually also enters in her good books."] ["Lala Kedarnath Prasanta  has 3 sons whose birthdays are on the same day. On one of the annual birthday bashes, a well-known astrologer advises him not to be proud for his achievements as 'Luck'  plays key role in everybody's life and thus, do not be optimistic for own future achievements. Lala Kedarnath ignores the prediction and is busy making plans for an even wealthier future. He proclaims to his wife  that he wants them to be even richer. As he talks of the day when people shout after his car, There goes Lala Kedarnath!!!!, there is a sudden earthquake and the whole town crumbles into ruins. When Lala Kedarnath regains consciousness, his house has been destroyed and his family is gone. The oldest son, Raju, ends up in an orphanage, while middle son, Ravi,  is found on the road by a rich couple who takes him to their home to raise him as his own. Their youngest son, Vijay,  who is still an infant, is with his mother Laxmi . Unable to find the rest of the family, Laxmi and Vijay live in poverty. Lala Kedarnath finally traces Raju to the orphanage but finds that he has run away because the orphanage manager  beat him up. Frustrated, he kills the manager and is jailed. As the police drive away with Kedarnath, audience sees young Raju running in the streets and turning into an adult, . There is lot of drama in the film and complex situations which succeeds in entertaining the audience. Raj Kumar as the elder son steals the show while Sunil Dutt as the rich man's adopted son also impresses in lighter moments. The rest of the story is pretty much about how all three brothers are so close together without realizing that they are related. In the end, the family reunites and they reopen their business and live happily ever after. The movie has an uncredited remake in malayalam by name Kolilakkam during the climax of which happened the tragic end of Malayalam Superstar Jayan who was hanging to a Helicopter while performing a stunt."] ["Roop Rathore  is a singer in Bombay just like his father , who is now sick and needs immediate medical care. One day, while he is singing at Ajay Narang's  hotel, Ajay's sister Reshma  falls in love with Roop. Reshma is a spoiled girl and Ajay looks through all of her wishes. Unfortunately, Roop is in love with a doctor named Pooja . Meanwhile, Reshma is obsessed with Roop, and asks her brother to call him again to sing in their hotel. But when she sees that all the girls are flattered over Roop, she gets very angry, and asks him to sing only for her now onwards. But Roop would rather work for rival Patel  than take this offer. Ajay's obsession with keeping his sister happy at all costs comes into play and Patel is brutally beaten by him until he agrees to throw Roop out of his hotel. Desperately in need of money for his father's operation, Roop has no option but to agree to Reshma. Roop breaks up with Pooja. The operation of his father is successful, but his father is saddened by his situation and decides to leave Bombay. Roop later tries to leave Bombay himself, along with his father and Pooja, but his plans are interrupted when Reshma tries to commit suicide. Nevertheless, Pooja and Roop get married. Frustrated with such turn of events, Reshma and her brother Ajay devise many plans to make their life miserable. At the end of the movie, Roop's father is killed by Ajay, and when Roop tries to save Pooja, he and Ajay get involved in a fight. Reshma threatens to kill Pooja if Roop won't stop fighting with her brother. When he stops, Ajay tries to shoot Roop and Pooja, but misses and hits Reshma instead. At the end Roop and Pooja are together and live happily ever after."] ["A reporter interviews Paan Singh Tomar , a dacoit who is in the news for killing 9 people of a community. Answering questions about himself, the story goes in a flashback in year 1950. Paan Singh works in the Army while his wife and mother live in Morena. He surprises his seniors in the Army with his athletic skills. Though he was not interested in sports, he joins the sports division because there were no limits on their diet. Picked for the 5000 meters race's training, he was persuaded to run for the 3000 meter steeplechase by his coach. He participates in the Indian National Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase event 7 years in a row. In 1958 he participates in the Asian Games at Tokyo, but couldn't win because of his inability to adjust with the track spikes only given to him in the final event. He felt frustrated when he was not allowed to go the borders to fight in the 1962 and 1965 wars because sportsmen were not allowed to fight in them. In 1967, he participated in the International Military Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase. His elder brother from his native place visits him and tells about an illegal acquisition by Bhanwar Singh, his relative. Paan Singh retires from the Army to settle his family disputes, despite being offered a position as the coach in the army. On arriving home, he tries to resolve the issue with Bhanwar Singh. He seeks help from the District Collector and local police station, but no help is provided. His son gets beaten badly by Bhanwar Singh and his goons. Paan Singh then orders his son to rejoin army and stay away from the dispute. Bhanwar Singh and his goons try to kill Paan Singh and family. His family manages to escape but his mother gets killed brutally. Paan Singh decides to avenge his mother's death. He becomes a baaghi who wreaks havoc in the Chambal Valley. He forms a gang and continues to add new members. He starts kidnapping people for financial support. He uses police uniforms and police vehicles. He soon becomes notorious in the Chambal Valley area. After gaining enough power and money, he murders Bhanwar Singh and his goons. One day, Paan Singh and his gang stay in a village. The village sarpanch informs police about Paan Singh's gang. The police attacks the compound where Paan Singh is staying. Paan Singh manages to escape, but his elder brother is killed. To avenge his brother's death, he kills the sarpanch and 8 other people. The interview with the reporter ends here and the interview is published in the newspaper and causes a sensation. The police continued in their search for Paan Singh Tomar, who decides to lie low for a while. He meets his family and his coach in the army who request that he surrenders. Paan Singh refuses to surrender on the principle that while he was a sportsman holding a national record, nobody came to help him with his problems, and the moment he turned a rebel, everyone wants him to be arrested. When the gang reconvenes after a month's hiatus, one of the members who had turned a police informer betrays the gang and gives them away to the police. A shootout ensues where all members of the gang, including Paan Singh are killed."] ["Aman  is an impoverished, lame orphan who is befriended by wealthy Akash Verma  during his childhood. Akash's parents adopt Aman and give him their family name, so Akash and Aman grow up as brothers. While Akash is a womaniser, Aman takes to writing poems under the pen name Sagar. The poems get published, and Aman becomes very popular. One of his fans is a young woman by the name of Pooja Saxena , who corresponds with Sagar. Akash meets Pooja and falls head over heels in love with her. When Aman comes to know of this, he asks Akash to pose as Sagar, which he does, then Pooja and Akash fall in love with each other. A heartbroken Aman looks on, as he knows that although women may like his poetry, they will never come out openly and love him when they see his handicap. Akash discovers that Aman loves Pooja and that he is actually Sagar, through a string of events triggered by a Pankaj Udhas show. Akash confronts Aman with this and Aman submits that he loves Pooja. Pooja witnesses this encounter and becomes upset with both Akash and Aman. Akash convinces Pooja and she eventually ends up accepting Aman."] [" Pooja , who grew up as an orphan girl and always dreamt of owning a house, becomes insecure when she finds out that she and her husband, Inder , have to leave the apartment they rent. The twist that occurred when Inder gives her the keys of a new house proves to be double-edged, when it is revealed that he is in love with another woman, Kavita , with whom he earned the money  for the new apartment. While previously giving advice to her maid  cheated by her husband, now Pooja becomes herself involved in a similar situation. When Inder deserts Pooja for Kavita, she chooses to leave the apartment for a women's hostel with only 2000 rupees that she had when she got married. She is helped by Raj ([[Raj Kiran  to surpass the difficulties of life as a single person, to find a job and to rely morally on herself. Raj and Pooja become good friends. Gradually, Kavita's mental instability deepens her fears of insecurity, even after Inder requests Pooja to sign the divorce papers. Raj falls in love with Pooja and proposes to her. She refuses saying she is empty and cannot give him anything. Raj tries to persuade her saying that she cannot spend the rest of her life feeling miserable about the past and that she should try to find a new life for herself. Pooja promises to think about it. Pooja's maid, whose only aim in life is to secure a good education for her daughter, has saved {{INRConvert}} towards her admission fees. She finds out that her drunk husband has stolen the money. Furious, she searches for him to find him in the arms of his lover after spending all the money. She kills him and goes to the police station and confesses her crime. Worried about her daughter, she calls Pooja who promises to take care of the daughter. After the insistence of Kavita's mother  and of her personal doctor , Pooja personally assures Kavita that she is not interested in Inder anymore. However, Pooja's attitude only convinces Kavita that breaking Pooja's marriage was a mistake. To escape from her feeling of guilt and insecurity, she breaks-up with Inder. The latter tries to revive his relation with Pooja, but is rejected. Pooja continues to live with her maid's daughter and refuses to marry Raj saying that she has found a new meaning to life in being independent and being a mother to the child and marrying Raj will only weaken her."] ["Three different people from different continents have problems that relate to South Asian culture and the subsequent misinterpretations of Islam in Pakistan's society. Two brothers who are singers, Mansoor  and Sarmad , become two of the best singers in Lahore. Sarmad becomes influenced by an Islamic activist. He begins to practice the extremist interpretation of Islam, grows a beard and goes against music, putting pressure on his free-spirited family to comply. Those parties interpret certain verses of the Quran and Hadith  to call for a ban on music and pictures. In England, Mary/Mariam  is a westernized British Pakistani girl in love with a British boy named Dave. Her hypocritical father disapproves, despite the fact that he is living with a British woman to whom he is not married. He tells Mary that they are going to Pakistan for a trip and that once they return she can marry Dave. This, however, is a trap. While touring FATA, he has her forcibly married to Sarmad, who is her cousin. Mary is then abandoned in FATA at her new household. Meanwhile, Mansoor goes to a music school in Chicago. There, he meets a girl called Janie and instantly falls in love with her. She quits alcohol for him, and they eventually get married. After 9/11, FBI officers capture him when someone overhears a drunk man accusing Mansoor of being a terrorist. Subsequently, he is tortured for a year in custody just because of his Islamic background. Mary manages to run away but is caught by Sarmad in the process. She is kept under strict supervision and, due to this incident, Sarmad eventually consummates their marriage by force. She doesn't lose hope, managing to sneak a letter to Dave under the guise of writing to her father. Mansoor and Sarmad's parents finally come to her rescue under the protection of the British government, but Mary, driven by vengeance, then takes her father and cousin to court in Pakistan. There, a Maulana  explains to the court how Islam is being butchered in the name of war and hatred, bringing the religion forward in a believable and peaceful manner. Traumatized by all the suffering he has seen and caused, Sarmad withdraws from the case. He also realizes the damage that he was made to do in the name of religion. Mary is now free and returns to the village where she was kept prisoner so she can educate the girls there. Meanwhile, Mansoor is still in U.S. custody after a year of torment; the last torture session having inflicted permanent brain damage. After a failed rehab attempt, he is deported and reunited with his family in Pakistan where, thanks to the hope of his family, he begins to recover."] ["A simpleton named Bhola  falls in love with his neighbour Bindu . To impress her he wants to sing to her. However, he isn't a good singer and so seeks the help of his friend, Guru Vidyapati . Guru, a famous singer, agrees to help his friend. To impress Bindu, Guru sings in the background and Bhola mouths the words. Bindu is charmed by what she thinks is Bhola's singing. They become friends and fall in love. Bindu has a music teacher named Master Pillai/Masterji  who is also in love with her and keeps proposing to her. Thus a hilarious competition between Bhola, supported by Guru Vidyapati versus Masterji ensues for Bindu. Bindu however loves Bhola and hence refuses Masterji. One day Bindu finds out about Bhola's lie. She is very upset and refuses to meet Bhola. In a rage, she decides to marry Masterji instead. They both prepare for the wedding, while Bhola thinks of a way to get Bindu back. On the wedding day, Guru gets an idea. He makes Bhola pretend to have committed suicide. He puts a fake suicide note next to Bhola. Bhola has a noose around his neck and a chair next to him. Guru goes and tells the news to Bindu. She is shocked. She leaves her wedding altar and runs to Bhola. She reads the note and starts to repent. Bindu then tries to wake Bhola up. Bhola wakes up and Bindu is delighted. She tells Masterji that she wants to marry Bhola and he agrees. Bhola and Bindu get married."] ["Vani Viswanath plays the central character of Sukanya, a young and charming medical student. A shrewd politician named Babuji develops a fancy for her, which leads to the murder of her lover. Babuji orchestrates a fake marriage for Sukanya. She is forced to satisfy the lust of Babuji. But before long, she wins Babuji's trust and steps into the corridors of power and politics along with Babuji. How she takes revenge on Babuji is the crux of the story."] ['{{plot}} The movie revolves around the happenings of one night with clippings from the past. Amar and Mansi unfold their past in a series of flashback sequence. Amar  works in an Ad Agency, One night when he is alone in his office, Rita one of the staff walks in and invites him to join her for a movie. They converse about life before and after marriage. Amar is married but doesn’t seem happy. Rita says that’s because married people don’t have dreams left in their lives. The dreams people see when they are in love gets replaced by desire once they get married. She herself had been married for 4 years before she walked out. At the movie, Amar keeps thinking of his wife and feigning a headache he walks out of the theatre. On the way home he stops to buy a bouquet of flowers. Back home, Mansi  is at home with her Child and Margarette, the maid. Sunil, Amar’s childhood friend comes home with flowers and wishes her. It’s Amar’s and Mansi’s wedding anniversary and they don’t remember it themselves. Uninvited guest that he is, he’s not sure if there’s enough food for three. But Mansi tells him Amar might have dinner and come since it’s so late already. So he might as well stay back for dinner or else the food will get wasted. Amar overhears this conversation, walks in saying he has a terrible headache and goes straight into his bedroom. She serves dinner to Sunil and sits holding her child as he eats. She goes back in time – their first anniversary when all that mattered was to spend quality time with each other. Amar in the mean time is lying down in the dark, also thinking about their past – of the time when he had gone to meet Mr. Sharma, Mansi’s father to ask for her hand. Lying down on the bed, they both think about their past – about how happy they were. They think of their carefree days when they were madly in love with each other, when nothing seemed impossible. They start off with an ideal marriage; their small world is brimming with love and is perfect. A whole year and they are still happy with each other. On their second anniversary they decide it’s time to extend their family and plan to have a child. In a flashback, we see Mansi’s father against their relationship. Strong outbursts between them and Mansi’s father take place. Amar thinks of the time when Mansi cared so much for him, knew that he couldn’t do anything without a proper meal and now he’s sleeping with no dinner and she’s not even bothered. After a promising start, two whole years of happily married life and with so much to look forward to, they are very happy and excited. They are blessed with a lovely baby whom they both adore a lot. But somewhere the enchantment seems to fade away leaving both of them dissatisfied in their relationship. They live not for each other anymore but for the worldly values and social conventions which they had despised themselves as lovers. Amar starts finding fault in everything that Mansi does even suspecting that there’s something going on between Mansi and Sunil. Mansi also knows about Rita. Amar wishes Mansi was as understanding as Rita. But though there are problems they sort them out. Fragments from their past keep flashing across their minds. Mansi gets up the following morning when the milkman comes. And when she goes out she sees the flowers that Amar had left outside the previous night. Amar comes from behind and sees her pick them up, he hugs her and they walk in together.'] ["Rama Krishna or Rakhi  aspires to become railway stationmaster like his father . His love interest and close friend Tripura  is a reporter in TV channel who exposes atrocities against women in society. For Rakhi, his sister Gayathri  is everything. She is married off to software professional ([[Ravi Varma  who plans to go USA. The greedy in-laws burn her alive for more dowry. Devastated by this he takes the law into his own hands and starts to kill men for harassing women. A police officer Meenakshi Iyer  convinces him to surrender to the law. Before surrendering, he has killed over 49 misogynists. Finally in jail, he kills his sister's friend's murderer like a tiger and in the climax, the main villain ministers . His dialogs in the court are remarkable. The court drama forms the rest of the story."] ["A container packed with fake currency is stopped at the check post by Thomas Kurien, an honest senior customs officer along with Rajath Naidu, the city commissioner of police. But he is shocked to find out that Rajat Naidu himself is a part of the gang, who shoots down Kurien to save himself. A few months later, Gyanashekhara Varma ([[Murali , IG of vigilance makes a controversial press conference, in which he alleges the role of hawala transactions in the sudden rise in the crimes in the state. His statements were directly pointed at seniors in the state cabinet and police department. Varma is summoned by the chief minister in the presence of John Vargeese ([[Siddique , Rajya Sabha MP, and is warned of serious actions, unless he gives a proper explanation in the next couple of days. Instead of falling in lines of CM, Varma threatens him of further revelations in coming days. The next morning Varma is found dead in his bedroom. John Vargeese, an MP with strong foreign relations is also involved in several hawala dealings taking place in the state including terror activities. Senior police office Chandrashekhar IPS is appointed to solve the mystery of Varma's death. Chandrasekhar is assisted by Joseph Pothen ([[Saikumar  and Sudev Sachidanand. In the mean time, Suhara Ahmed , a young journalist along with her friend Kishore is found missing. She is believed to have certain sensational information regarding minister Vakkachan . Chandrasekhar meets Vivekam Ahmed Sahib ([[Janardhanan , her father, who leads him to the personal computer of Suhara, which sheds light to certain truths. One day, Suhara is found in midst of a forest, critically wounded. Chandrasekhar gets her hospitalized, but her life is targeted many times. Chandrasekhar finds out shocking information regarding the anti-national activities of Vakachan along with John Vargeese from the video tapes of Suhara. Vakkachan is forced to resign from the cabinet and is arrested by Chandrasekhar, who then follows John Vargeese. He follows Vargeese to the sea port, from where he is planning to escape to Turkey. But, just minutes before he leaves coast, Vargeese is stopped by Chandrasekhar, who also finds out that his subordinate Sudev Sachidanand is none other than Musafir, an ISI agent who is also the murderer of Varma and Kishore, the friend of Suhara. Chandrasekhar shoots down both Musafir and John Vargeese."] ["Rana Mahendra Pratap Garewal  is a wealthy businessman along with his brother Vishwa . They are good friends with Brijnath   who is initially very rich but loses all his wealth in a fire in his factory. The Garewal brothers had initially proposed the marriage of Rana's younger sister Madhu  and Brijnath's younger brother Raja  . They break the marriage off. Shocked and saddened at the rejection by his best friends, Birju goes mad and gets electrocuted by accident. Raja then stays in the city outskirts with his brother taking care of him by doing petty jobs. After many years, Madhu meets Raja and falls in love. After Raja reveals that he is the same childhood Raja, their love deepens. Rana and Vishwa soon find out and are determined to keep Madhu away from Raja. They continually humiliate and insult Raja, beating him up and forcing him to walk on broken glass to prove his love. One day Madhu runs away with Raja. Eventually, Rana pretends to give in and accept Raja into the family. When Raja leaves the city for a few days, Rana invites Birju to stay at the Garewal mansion. While he is there, they have one of their assistants dress up like Birju and break into Madhu's room at night and pretend to attempt to rape her. Madhu duly screams that Birju is trying to rape her. The assistant quickly escapes; the room is only dimly lit before Madhu can see his face. Rana and Vishwa call a mental hospital and force Birju into it as a prisoner in all but name. Raja is now forced to choose between believing Madhu's and Birju's words. He chooses to believe his brother's protestations of innocence and breaks up with Madhu. However, he still deeply loves her, and it is now up to him to dig for the truth and figure out what happened to Madhu on that fateful night. In the end, Raja gets a hold of the assistant who dressed up as Birju and extract a confession from him. In the process he has an accident and is critically injured. Birju goes to Madhu asking her to save him but she insults him. Rana's wife  tells the truth to Madhu. Madhu is so shocked to hear that her own brothers set up her rape that she leaves them and is on the verge of going to Raja's house. Rana realises his mistake and begs forgiveness, but Vishwa doesn't accept and starts beating Madhu and Rana. Raja comes and saves everyone. He marries Madhu in front of everybody. In the final scene, Rana and Vishwa come to Raja's house and beg the trio for forgiveness. They forgive the brothers on the condition that they bless the marriage of Raja and Madhu."] ['Everyone loves Sunil except his own father Vinayak. Sunil and his friends start a band and Anna, his childhood friend, returns back after many years. After she joins the group, everyone is excited, especially Sunil, who secretly loves Anna. The only other person knowing this is his sister. As Anna joins the group, they start hunting opportunities to make it big in the music world. Chris, another band member and Sunil\'s best friend, is Sunil\'s antithesis in nearly everything. Chris is a studious person and son of an affluent couple. Naturally, Anna\'s father decides to get her married to Chris. Now, Sunil tries to change his image to get Anna, but when he learns that Anna loves Chris too, he is devastated. A jealous Sunil starts creating a rift between the two but eventually gets caught. Anna slaps him and walks away. Gradually, the duo forgive Sunil, but they don\'t realize why he did this. Sunil\'s fortune takes a turn once again when Chris\'s parents refuse the marriage of Chris and Anna, because Anna is from a lower class. Chris has to leave Anna devastated. Sunil consoles Anna in this period. Now, tide has turned in Sunil\'s favour and Anna\'s father gives a go to their marriage. Sunil is happy, until he learns that Anna still loves Chris. Sunil decides to re-unite them. The Sullivan\'s too realize their mistake. Chris and Anna\'s wedding is announced: Sunil gets to be the best man. As Chris and Anna are about to exchange rings, Chris\'s ring slips out of his hand. Everybody starts searching for it. Whoever gets the ring can claim Anna\'s hand. So, Sunil gets one more chance. Sunil spots the ring but feigns ignorance. Chris finally "finds" the ring and marries Anna. Just after the wedding, Sunil is shown packing his bags and leaving his father\'s home to find his own destiny. Vinayak, who has learnt the background story, makes up with his son, stating that he is proud to be Sunil\'s father. Sunil is seen walking in moonlight, where he meets a girl. Some time later, Sunil and the girl are seen walking in the moonlight and talking merrily. Anthony and Bosco, two criminals who had seen Sunil and his group\'s show, see Sunil with the new girl and break the fourth wall saying that Sunil will be all right. The criminals hear a police siren and scamper away.'] ['The movie is narrated by Lucky Ali, as Mak. The six main characters are detained by the LAPD, and interrogated about stealing a truck full of laptops and its whereabouts. All six are detained for about a day, where their deep antipathy towards the police department, for arresting them without any apparent evidence against all of them, and just because the witnesses had seen a South Asian at work, grows into a daring plot. Sparked by "Major" and blown up by "Ajju", who asks them to meet him in his club, they all hatch a plan to rob the bank in which holds the payroll for the LAPD. In return, Ajju reveals that he was the truck stealer and splits the money with all. Everyone goes about their normal life after that, in which it is revealed the personal troubles all face. Marc is a bouncer who hates the way his lover, a club-dancer, has to live and decides to rescue her from the club owner Cyrus, by paying him the required money. Ajju is a club owner who is facing his own problems handling the club and has to lease it out. He also has an ongoing spat with Marc about his girlfriend. Major has a sick wife who he has to look after by supplying her with medicine and injections. Andy is a young, intelligent, software engineer who is having problems with his job and is in the middle of a divorce and custody dispute with his wife. Major knows that Andy is the most important member of the group as he is the only one who can hack the bank\'s computer system. Mak and Bali are two drug-peddlers who live off the street selling and buying illicit drugs for a drug lord. They first meet when Bali is being chased by some undercover policemen and meets Mak in alley where he is adjusting something in his car. He agrees to save him only if he splits his loot. They agree to work as partners on those terms from then on. The six characters meet on a hotel rooftop where they construct their plan and arrange for arms, ammunition, vehicles and gadgets. They do some reconnaissance around the bank and two days before the robbery, Major calls up everyone to surprise them, telling them the robbery is to take place the next day. On the day of the robbery, they meet unexpected visitors in a SWAT team waiting for them outside the bank. They are engaged in gunfight during which Mak takes a bullet for Major. They all escape and meet at their hideout, however, they realize that someone might have betrayed them to police and realize that the police might know about their hideout as well. Mak, who was hit, is not allowed to be taken to the hospital, and Major treats his wound with some alcohol. They all have verbal scuffle after which, Ajju, reveals he had kidnapped the Police Chief. They interrogate him and get to know that one among them, was an undercover cop. This strikes terror among them and they all decide to bring the whole stolen amount to their hideout. On the process, they meet a number of surprises. Major finds out that his wife had died. Ajju befriends Marc and tells him to elope with his girlfriend. Marc finds out that Ajju was feigning his inability to speak English. When they return, they find Bali dead, killed by Mak because Bali was being inhuman in his interrogation of the Police Chief. Ajju realizes Mak to be the informer. Major defends Mak because he saved him during the gunfight at the bank. They all arrive at a Mexican stand-off, with Andy as the viewer. He retreats and runs away with the bags. They all kill each other, during which Major apologizes to Mak, for not saving him. In reply, Mak apologizes saying he was just doing his duty. Major realizes his mistake and shoots the already dying Mak in the head. Marc\'s girlfriend is shown waiting for him at the airport and Andy is shown at the end driving off the highway pursued by a Police helicopter. It is ascertained that he also died as all of them are, narrated by Mak, to have met in hell.'] ["The story follows three men on a underwater treasure hunt. In Bahamas, Aarav  runs a successful fishing company under the title of Blue. He works with Sagar  who works as a diver for Aarav's fishing company. Sagar is in a relationship with Mona and about to propose her . Aarav is rich, wealthy and has lots of fame, while on the other hand, Sagar is under a financial crisis. To help him, Aarav advises Sagar to retrieve the lost treasure of a sunken ship called Lady in Blue. However, Sagar refuses to go to the ship as he has a haunted past with the ship. Meanwhile, Sagar's younger brother Sam  is in Bangkok. Sam is a bike rider, and meets with Nicki  who works for an underworld gangster named Gulshan . Sam is challenged by Gulshan on a bike race, and after Sam wins, Gulshan hires Sam to work for him. Sam is setup by Gulshan in failing in deliver a package costing Gulshan $50 million. Sam must either pay his money back or die. Sam does not have the money so explains to Nicki, with whom he now loves, that he is going on holiday to Bahamas to visit his brother Sagar and doesn't think Gulshan will find him there. Sam arrives at Aarav's company and he welcomes him happily. In Bahamas, Sam receives a call from Gulshan on Nicki's phone. When Sam asks where Nicki is Gulshan says she is a place that Sam will soon be in. While on the phone Sam is surrounded by Gulshan and his gang, who have now found him. Sam is rescued by Aarav, who enters on a bike and finishes all the goons off. Sam tells Aarav what he did wrong, and Aarav decides he needs to tell Sagar. When Sagar learns how much Sam is in, Sam tries to convince Sagar to retrieve the treasure from Lady in Blue. Sagar refuses. The next day Gulshan bombs Sagar's home, and kidnaps Mona and $50 million or Sam for her return. When Sagar tells Sam and Aarav, Sam decides that they need to go an resuce Mona as they already killed Nicki and will kill Mona too. But Aarav speaks up and says they don't know how far Gulshan is connected and they may all die, meaning the only option is to find the treasure, pay off Gulshan and use the rest of the money to live comfortably. Sagar is still hesitant and it is revealed that Sagar has a haunted and shocking past with Lady in Blue. In a flashback, it is shown that when Sagar was a young boy, his father took him diving underwater, where they stumbled on the ship Lady in Blue. His father located a ring underneath it, and picked it up and gifted it to Sagar. But while looking through the ship, Sagar gets excited and knocks over an iron bar, but his father pushes him out of the way only to get trapped himself. Unable to free him, his father forces Sagar to go back up and never mention the Lady in Blue to anyone. Since then Sagar blames himself for his father's death. Sagar decides to go underwater to find the treasure with Sam and Aarav. When they find and come back to their ship, Gulshan and his gang are already there with Mona in hostage. The two sides have a fight, and Sagar rescues Mona. Just when they think everything is okay, Gulshan shows up on Sagar's ship revealing that he is partners with Aarav. It was Aarav's idea to force Sam to flee Bangkok and come to Sagar for assistance thus forcing Sagar to look for the treasure. Aarav at this point comes back to the ship and denies what Gulshan said, but Sagar does not believe him. A fight ensues and Aarav fights with Sagar while Sam fights with Gulshan. Aarav shoots Gulshan when he sees Sam losing and then tells Sagar if he ever lost, he would give up his life. Aarav then jumps on a motorcycle and rides off the ship into the ocean. Sagar, Sam and Mona return home when they realize that Aarav could not have survived his jump and given that a storm is coming, they could not stay behind to look for him either. A few months later Sagar receives a call from the supposed dead Aarav who reveals he is alive and has the treasure and is married to Nicki. He tells Sam he had sent her to Bangkok to convince Sam to come back to Bahamas. Aarav's grandfather Jagat Malhotra  was the Captain of Lady in Blue and was accused of sinking the ship on purpose and was embarrassed in court, leading to him committing suicide. Aarav explains the only reason he planned the whole treasure hunt, is because he wanted to clear his family's name. In the end, Sam forgives Nicki and forgets about her. Aarav deposits 20% of his treasure into an account in the name of Sagar as his reward for helping him find the treasure, so all three can now live comfortably."] ["The film is loosely based on the classical Indian folktale of the hare and the tortoise, providing a modern interpretation of the same. Even though the good  may win in the end, is it worth the wait? The tortoise &mdash; Rajaram P. Joshi  &mdash; is a middle-class clerk living in a chawl  in Bombay. He is secretly in love with his neighbor, Sandhya Sabnis  but is unable to disclose his love for her, mainly due to his timidity. Rajaram is a very goodnatured and hardworking man. Most of his neighbors and colleagues take advantage of his goodness. One day Rajaram's fast-tallking friend Bashudev  &mdash; the hare &mdash; comes for a visit and makes himself at home. Bashudev generally impresses people by his false success stories and his over-the-top attitude. Bashudev starts wooing Sandhya, and she falls in love with him. He then joins Rajaram's company, Footprint Shoes, by impressing the owner, Mr. Dhindhoria, with false stories about his work experience and love of golf. He also starts flirting with Dhindhoria's beautiful wife Anuradha  and daughter Jojo  at the same time. In the chawl, the Sabnis family decides to get Sandhya married to Bashudev, much to the misery of Rajaram. But on the day of the engagement, Bashudev disappears after being caught red-handed, romancing Anuradha, by Jojo. The engagement is called off. Rajaram then offers to marry the devastated Sandhya, but she tells him that she has been very intimate with Bashudev and is perhaps pregnant. Rajaram shows his greatness by accepting her in spite of all this and expressing his long hidden love towards her. According to vile parle based film expert Rajesh Subramanian Sai Paranjpye was very annoyed with producer Basu Bhattacharya when the release of Sparsh got delayed. 3 years later when Sai Paranjpye made Katha, she purposely named Farooque Shaikh's character, which had negative shades, Basu Bhatt."] ["Naina Catherine Kapur  is an angry young girl living in New York City. Her father committed suicide when she was young, leaving her mother Jennifer Kapur  alone with her and her two younger children, Shiv  and Gia . The restaurant that Jennifer operates is also financially faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo , blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia  as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. The only bright spot in Naina's life is her bumbling MBA classmate Rohit Patel . Meanwhile, Aman Mathur  shifts to Naina's neighbourhood. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his help in reviving their financial standing, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence, she grows to like him and eventually falls in love with him. Also, Rohit, who has been in love with Naina, is too scared to ask her out. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch where she reveals to Rohit about her love for Aman. Heartbroken, Rohit informs Aman about this. Naina goes to Aman's house to ask him out where Aman lies to her that he is married to a woman named Priya . Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Also, Priya is not his wife, but his doctor. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he sacrifices his love for Naina and plays matchmaker between Rohit and her. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after accidentally intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Jennifer's acceptance of her husband's infidelity is what led to his suicide. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family prepares for Rohit and Naina's wedding. Meanwhile, Aman's health deteriorates. Naina, in a chance-encounter meets Priya and learns the truth about Aman's health condition. When she approaches and accuses Aman, he convinces her to get married to Rohit, as he knew that Rohit loved her. She accepts and gets married to Rohit. After attending the marriage, Aman passes away. Twenty years later, an older Naina relates the story of Aman's love to a grown-up Gia and how she has, and always loved him. It is also revealed that Naina and Rohit have a daughter of their own. Naina ends her story by saying that while every wife dreams of finding a friend in her husband, she was lucky to find a husband in her friend."] ["Dr Ram Prasad Ghayal  is a surgeon whose scalpel proves to be a magic wand. He lives with his wife Janaki  and brother Bharat. Bharat is in love with a dancing doll Renu  whom the baddie's brother Deepak  also loves. Bharat, an architect refuses to sign a power project involving heavy kickbacks and heavier displacement. He is implicated in a plot and sent to jail. Unable to bear this humiliation, he commits suicide and Renu marries Deepak instead of repenting her beloved's loss. Now is the time for our 'Mrityudaata' to avenge the loss of his wife and his brother. He trades his scalpel for a machine gun and apron for a commando coat and cap. In the last moment Dr. Ram died and was in the position to die, because there was no one who could help him."] ['The film opens on Diwali with the death of young Vijay Khanna\'s parents, done by a man of unknown identity with a white horse on his charm bracelet, "zanjeer". Because of this traumatic event, Vijay has recurring nightmares of a white stallion. Fast forward 20 years, and Vijay  is now an inspector, an honest police officer in a town where few are just. He receives complaints about a local man, Sher Khan  , who is running gambling dens. When he calls Khan in for questioning, Khan\'s superiority complex chafes against Khanna\'s police authority, as he scolds the officer, telling him he only orders him around due to the uniform he wears. Vijay takes him up on his challenge, and meets him in street clothes to fight him. At fight\'s end, Sher Khan not only closes his gambling dens, but has gained respect for Vijay. He becomes an auto mechanic, and reforms his ways. Various dealings of the underworld continue unabated throughout the town, all tracing back to gang leader Teja . A mysterious caller continually phones Inspector Khanna to inform him exactly when a crime is about to take place, but hangs up before Khanna can extract any more information out of him. When a traffic accident perpetrated by gang members leaves several children dead, a witness, a street performer named Mala , is bribed by Teja\'s men to keep quiet. When she is questioned by Vijay, he becomes enraged at her denying she knows anything, and, to sway her differently, takes her into the morgue to view the mangled bodies of the children. She has a change of heart, and comes clean, asking that the bribe be donated to an orphanage. She identifies the man behind the traffic accident. Once it is known that Mala has broken her word, Teja\'s men come after her. She is chased through the night, narrowly escaping across the train tracks, and coming to Inspector Khanna\'s house, desperate for shelter. He lets her in, allows her to stay, and the two discover that they are both orphans, and discuss the fears associated with living alone. Khanna kindly takes her to his brother and sister-in-law, and, under the sister-in-law\'s tutelage, Mala begins to learn how to keep house, as well as English, and other refinements. Eventually, Vijay is framed for bribery, stripped of his title and position as inspector, and jailed for 6 months on false charges, trapped by Teja. When he is released from jail, he plans to take revenge. Mala, by this time, has developed from a frightened stranger seeking his help to a romantic interest for him. She begs him, to seal their relationship, that he must stop being so vengeful. He agrees, but soon must come to terms with such a promise when he meets, in a Christian cemetery, the informant who had called him in the past when he was an inspector. The man, De Silva , appears half-insane, holding onto an empty bottle. He says that on Christmas several years before, his three sons drank poisoned moonshine, and died from it. Until the killer is found, he will continue to wander with the bottle. When local criminals mocked him and called him crazy, he vowed to get back at them as he could: by phoning the inspector when a crime was about to happen. After hearing this news, Vijay becomes depressed, torn between his desire to help the grieving De Silva, and his need to keep his promise to Mala that he would not take any more revenge on the lowlifes of the town. Eventually, along with a concerted effort by Sher Khan to cheer up Vijay, Mala relents, vowing she will not try to control him, and says he must do what is right. The trail of tainted moonshine leads back to Teja and his men. Upon finally cornering the crook on Diwali, fireworks bursting overhead, Vijay also finds out that the person who murdered his parents, 20 years before, on the same night, is Teja, recognisable by the zanjeer on his wrist. Sher Khan helps him to fight Teja and his men, and take justice into their own hands, until the police arrive. When the hapless police inspector is held at gunpoint by Teja, Vijay manages to drop to retrieve a pistol from the ground, and shoots him dead, his body falling into the swimming pool.'] ["Sakalakala Vallavan has the young agriculturist Kamal Hassan goes to extremes to attain revenge against his devious landlord and his family. Our hero is an upright young man, but when his family gets cheated out of money, he decides it's time to take a stand. Donning various disguises, he—with help from his sister—sets out seeking justice against the landlord and his confrontational daughter Ambika and son Raveendran."] ["The story revolves around the life of Vijay Shekhawat  and his father Ram Shekhawat . Ram has great aspirations for his son Vijay, who he dreams will play for the Indian cricket team one day. His dream eventually comes true when Vijay makes it to the Indian team. His childhood friend Nandini  has believed in him since the very first time he spoke the name of cricket and never ever doubted him. However, this happiness is short-lived as Vijay soon loses his place in the team, as well as the respect he has earned, when he lets his new-found fame get the better of him. Vijay soon discovers how quickly the media and the public can make a villain out of a hero. Unable to bear the shock and humiliation, Ram suffers a brain hemorrhage. Nandini takes the responsibility to care for Ram and take in Vijay. Vijay and Nandini fly to Australia to have surgery on his back.The surgery is successful and Vijay soon realises that Nandini his childhood friend could be his life partner. He grows feelings towards her but Nandini is still healing after Vijay's bad side took over and is finding it hard to trust him and behave like his true best friend again and act like old times. They return to Jaisalmer and Vijay vows to be a better cricketer for his country. He proves himself to his father and Nandini that he can play for his country and his coach relies on him too. He gets selected once again to play in the major international cricket tournament, he earns himself an injury whilst playing but vows to still play no matter his health. He wins the cricket tournament and returns to his hometown Jaisalmer, to see his dada and Nandini. Vijay and his dad reconcile and just when everything is going fine Ram dies in Vijay's arms. They hold the funeral and we see Vijay and Nandini comforting each other in the end scene. We assume they get together. And it finishes with Vijay once again playing in a cricket tournament and playing for his country, Dada and his religion.<ref nameMovies&SlugENTEN20080059197 Brett Lee ready for Bollywood]Victory news!!victory movie plot"] ["{{Unreferenced section}} Vikramaditya Singh  is a teacher in a music school where he, with others, polishes every student's voice to make them stars. Although Vikramaditya is a famous singer himself, he is not satisfied with his creations; he is looking for a special person. His heart longs for someone so special that, if worked on, would be a masterpiece who would be known as the most worthy graduate and world's most talented singer. He accidentally meets Tina  who has a magical voice. He learns about her when she sings a prayer in church. Vikramaditya decides to take her to his school where she can pay more attention to singing. As Vikramaditya improves Tina's talent, she falls in love with him. Slowly, he moulds her into a brilliant singer, and she emerges a star. In spite of Vikramaditya's dream coming true, he starts feeling jealous when he discovers Tina's success. He is not able to take in the fact that she is better than he is, so he starts competing with her. He starts breaking her confidence, then dominates and overpowers her. Later, Vikramaditya realizes his mistake and compensates for it by letting her sing at a concert that was dedicated entirely for him, risking his own career. The movie ends with an old Vikramaditya teaching music to a teenage girl."] [" The film tells, in flashback, the story of Suresh Sinha , a famous film director. His marriage to Bina  is on the rocks because her wealthy family sees filmmaking as a job lacking in social status. He is also denied access to his daughter Pammi  who is sent to a private boarding school. On a rainy night Sinha meets a woman Shanti  and gives her his coat. She comes to the film studio to return the coat, unintentionally disrupting the shooting by walking in front of the camera. While reviewing the rushes, Sinha recognises her potential as a star in the making and casts her as Paro in Devdas. Shanti goes on to become an acclaimed star. Shanti and Suresh, two lonely people, come together. Their liaison is hotly debated in gossip columns and results in Pammi's friends tormenting her in school. Pammi pleads with Shanti to leave Sinha's life and allow her parent’s marriage another chance. Moved by Pammi’s plea Shanti throws away her career and becomes a school teacher in a small village. Shanti’s departure drives Suresh to alcohol, a downhill slide in his career and consequent decline in his fortunes. Shanti is forced to return to films since she has a contract with the studio. Eventually he gets a chance to make a comeback film only if it stars Shanti; but by then she is unable to help him, as he is too far-gone for redemption. In the final scene, Sinha, remembering his glorious past, dies in the empty film studio in the director's chair, a lonely and forgotten man."] ['Raju Malhotra  and Rajan Malhotra  study in the same college but are poles apart in everything. While Raju is a brat, poor in studies but good in sports, Rajan is a brilliant student but a zero in extracurricular activities. The college they study in has a new and strict principal Mr. Awasthi  who wants to transform this ill-reputed college into a most flocked one. Hence he divides the students according to their merit. So while Raju is fit for C section, for poorly faring students, Rajan easily gets access to the A section with his 90% marks. But Raju falls for a girl in A-section and hence swaps his place with a hesitant Rajan who enters C-section for the first time in his life. Mr. Awasthi comes to know of this and decides to teach them a lesson by sending their names to a quiz and dance competition. So now, geeky Rajan will have to dance while brat Raju will have to answer question hurled at him. What will Raju and Rajan do? Will they accept the challenge or just scoot off?'] ["Rahul, a flop writer, and Mr Rai, a management professional giant, are travelling in business class compartment of train in England from Southampton to London. The claustrophobia of closed space and fact that they both are Indians binds them in chatting. The chatting get more and more personal and they both learn that they are not happy with their married life. Rai is living miserable life. After his son's death, his wife Nandini is in state of madness. Likewise Rahul is not respected by his wife after crash of his ambitious career as writer. Rahul and Rai come to mutual conclusion that only way to get out of their painful life is to kill each other's wife. 'Strangers' - a Bollywood take on failed marriages | Entertainment | Bollywood | ReutersStrangers : Previews, Synopsis and StorylineAlfred Hitchcock rides an Indian train? - News-News & Gossip-Indiatimes - MoviesMovie Preview: Strangers  - RS Bollywood Online"] ["Ranga Rao  a widower, landlord, and well- respected man, loves his beloved daughter Mahalakshmi , a sweet, mature, innocent, and somewhat fun-loving girl who loves her father as much as he loves her, more than anything else. His brother also has a daughter Rani  and a son . Rani is like a sister to Mahalakshmi and a second daughter to Ranga Rao. Rani is a hyper, whiny, talkative but fun-loving sweet girl. When Mahalakshmi returns from college, Ranga Rao is realizes that she has grown up and decides to fix her marriage with Dhorababu , an innocent, good-natured and rather shy boy. After the engagement, Mahalakshmi reveals a shocking secret to Dhorababu. That in the city, she had fallen in love with Kishore , a mischievous and amiable youth. After spending the night with her, he made it clear that he was not interested in marrying her. Mahalakshmi says that she did not want to lie and cheat Dhorababu, because she knows he is good and deserves better. Dhorababu goes to meet Kishore, where he learns it was all a prank and that Kishore really loves Mahalakshmi. He fakes an accident and brings Kishore to the village under the pretense of a doctor. Mahalakshmi forgives Kishore. Finding out the secret, Rani falls in love with Dhorababu and vice versa. They dare not tell anyone, however. Ranga Rao misunderstands their feelings and fixes Kishore's and Rani's marriage, to take place at the same time as Mahalakshmi's and Dhorababu's. The group decides the only way left is to elope, though Mahalakshmi has mixed feelings about this, as she feels it would hurt her father. At the last minute, Mahalakshmi cannot go through with it and tearfully confesses the truth to her father. Luckily, Ranga Rao understands and has the girls marry their respective lovers."] [" Mera Naam Joker is the story of Raju, whose father was considered the best circus clown ever. Ever since he died in an accident during his performance, Raju's mother had been repulsed by the circus. As luck would have it, Raju had a natural affinity towards the circus world. The film traces Raju's journey from his childhood to the day of his last performance. Mera Naam Joker is divided into 3 chapters. The first chapter is about the adolescent Raju and deals with his infatuation with his teacher Mary . She gives him confidence in himself, and he discovers the world of femininity and desire. But of course she's older than him, and he attends her wedding in a state of false merriment. Mary's lessons nevertheless aren't lost: Raju comes to realise that he was born to make the world laugh, despite his own troubles. After his first heartbreak, the story follows adult Raju who has found work with Gemini Circus as a clown. His dream materialises! The circus is owned by Mahendra Singh  who has understood Raju's potential and gives him the job. The circus hosts a visiting group of artists from Russia, and he falls in love with Marina , the lead trapezist. Despite the language barrier they become close, and Raju half hopes that they might live together. But he faces heartbreak once again when the circus ends and Marina returns to Russia. It is in this chapter that Raju's mother dies during Raju's performance, watching her son perform the very stunts which caused his father's death. In the final chapter, Raju has left the circus and wanders around aimlessly. One day he meets Meenu , an orphaned girl who has ambitions of becoming a famous actress. Meenu and Raju set up an association, start a small circus business and later on move on to the theatre. They are quite successful, but their collaboration ends when she is offered a role in a film. She leaves him, and he realises she has used him in her lust for success. Raju always carries a clown doll which belonged to his father. Every time he fell in love, he gifted his beloved doll, only to see it come back to him. The doll is used as a metaphor for Raju's simplistic heart where there is room for everyone. At the end of the film, Raju manages to join a big circus touring India, and the films depicts Raju doing his final act. When Raju suffers a heart attack on stage, the audience doesn't take him seriously and he dies before anyone realizes. This leads to the conclusion that Raju died making the world laugh."] ['Darna Zaroori Hai interweaves six stories into one film. Six children get lost in the middle of a forest until they find a haunted house. Inside, there is an old woman who agrees to tell them six scary stories, and they will all compete on who is able to sit through all six stories without getting scared. {{cite web}} {{cite web}}  ;Directed by Sajid Khan The first story is about a young film-buff named Satish , living with his mother, who decides to watch the last showing of Darna Mana Hai at the cinema. His mother warns him not to take the graveyard shortcut because it\'s Friday the 13th, a no moon night, and witches might appear. He says he won\'t, but takes the shortcut anyway. He watches the film, buys popcorn and gets some change back, and then decides to return home. On the way, he uses the same shortcut, and starts to hear footsteps. He gets scared and starts to run, when he sees a witch and falls to the ground in fear. Shortly after, he realizes that the footsteps were actually the change jingling in his pocket as he walked, and the witch was actually a poster of an upcoming sequel to the film he watched: Darna Zaroori Hai....   ;Directed by Ram Gopal Varma After a classic item song, five children are shown getting lost in the woods. They come upon a dark house and decide to enter when it starts to rain. They find an old lady who decides to tell them ghost stories for the time being. The first story features a professor Sunil Khanna , who is giving tuition to one of his Biotechnology student Altaaf  at home. Every minute, the professor points out something  in his house. Once in the kitchen, once in the dining room and once on the sofa. The confused student decides to leave when the professor warns him not to leave the house, or the ghost will go after him as well. Curious, the student asks the professor about the ghost and the professor tells him that the ghost is an exact lookalike of himself, except he has a hollow face with a hat. The frightened student tries to run but the professor takes him in front of the mirror and points at his reflection. The professor\'s reflection in the mirror looks exactly like the ghost he talked about. After the story, one child goes down to loo, only to come back as the ghost without revealing his real identity. The child sits down with the rest of the kids with a bowed head.  ; Directed by Prawal Raman The second story is about a photographer, Kunal , who confronts a strange house when his car breaks down. There, Varsha  invites him in and claims she has been lonely for the past few years since her husband Rahul died. He tries to make a phone call and then sees varsha\'s husband in the mirror, got scared and he tells that varsha opened the door but gets astonished on listening that varsha is the one who had died 2 years ago but not Rahul. Scared Kunal later gets confessed that they were playing a prank on him. The two explain to Kunal that Rahul has been trying to call spirits and bring them down to earth. When Kunal interrupts by saying he\'s in hurry, Rahul plays as if he is calling a spirit of a mechanic. After a few moments, the three hear a door knock, and Rahul goes outside to check and then he screams for Varsha and while Kunal decides to stay inside the house. When she comes out, there lies Kunal dead on the bonnet of his broken-down car. The scream was from the Rahul, who was horrified at seeing Kunal\'s dead body. The door was knocked by a trespasser and asks them to inform the police. Just then, Kunal walks out and declares in a chilly voice that spirits do come, whenever you call them. After this story, another child goes down for water but he too returns as the ghost.  ;Directed by Vivek Shah The third story revolves around a couple, Vishwas , and his wife  who both live with their son. One fine day, the three are visited by an insurance agent Prabhakar Pandit  who keeps warning them about the risk of life and that accidents are never predicted. They kick him out of the house and their doorbell suddenly rings. They open the door only to find that there is no one there. They go back into the house but the bell rings yet again. It is the agent again, who claims it is raining outside and he has left his umbrella inside. He takes out many things such as a knife, rope and gun, which all represent different ways to die in life. Vishwas gets tired of him and asks him to leave. Instead, the agent takes out the gun and shoots himself. Before he dies, as if confirming his statement, he says, "See sir, accidents are never predicted!" After the story, another child leaves the room and comes back with same fate as the two previous ones.  ;Directed by Jiji Philip A film director, Karan Chopra , decides to make a horror film. On the way to the sets, he gives a lift to a fine young woman, Riya , who pretends to be a ghost. Karan thinks she is just playing a prank and Riya later also claims that she was just joking. When stormy weather hits, Karan takes Riya to his mansion. The electricity and lights go out and Riya\'s face starts to gore with blood. Karan still thinks she\'s playing a prank, but when her voice turns ghostly, he falls to the floor and dies in shock. Riya takes off her mask, which was stained with fake blood, and a microphone that changed her voice to make it sound ghostly. It is revealed that she really was only playing a joke on him. She says that she was trying to audition for his new horror film, but it\'s too late now anyway since Karan has already died on his own bedroom floor.  ;Directed by J.D. Chakravarthy The fifth story centers on Ajay , a young man driving on the road. He finds a young woman standing on the highway. When he approaches her, he becomes frozen after seeing her face. Shortly after, he murders a man. A police officer, ([[Zakir Hussain , brings the mother of the murdered victim to the police station for justice. But the mother is shocked to find that Ajay is possessed by the spirit of a woman, who turns out to be her daughter-in-law\'s spirit. It\'s revealed that the mother-in-law, her husband, and son had burned the newly-wedded bride to death and her spirit has come back for revenge. The spirit enters the police officer\'s body and shoots her mother-in-law. When the spirit leaves the officer\'s body, he realizes what has happened and secretly buries the body. Ajay is released and is driving back to the city when he sees the spirit in the backseat. She says that her father-in-law is away in the city on a business trip and she must complete her revenge. She assures him that she will not harm him--all he has to do is drop her off there.  After the stories are over, one boy claims that he is still not scared. The old lady smirks as the lights of the house suddenly turn off. The stunned boy looks around him. The lights turn back on immediately and he sees that he is the only one in the room: as if no one was ever there. The lights go off and turn back on again, this time to reveal his friends, all of whom are now dead, giving him eerie smiles. The old woman appears back on her chair, giving him a witch\'s smile. Realizing what is going on, the boy tries to make a frantic escape out of the house. But the doors are all jammed and locked. Just as the boy looks back at the upstairs room to see if he was followed out, he sees the old lady right beside him, smirking. The old lady\'s hair is snow-white and scattered; her killer smile gives the boy a heart attack and he dies at the scene. The next morning, the house is swarming with police and the media. The police clear away the bodies of the dead children. The old servant of the house tells the police officers that a long time ago, the house belonged to an old lady who loved children but unfortunately, she had no children of her own. He explains that once, he had left her for hours to get her some medication , and when he returned, he found her dead. The film ends with a reporter reading the tragic story of a camping trip-turned-nightmare for the six children. He says that the exact cause of death of the children is still unknown and will most likely never be known, however, one thing is for certain- all the children died of cardiac failure or in simple words — fear.'] ["Hera Pheri ended with the trio of Raju , Shyam , and Baburao Ganapatrao Apte  rich and rolling in money. Phir Hera Pheri tells the story of what happens after they become rich. The film opens with a prologue bringing the audience up to date, stating that each has suffered a loss as well as a gain. They all became rich, but Shyam lost Anuradha in an automobile accident, Raju's mother has died and Baburao--not really having much to lose in the first place--has lost all common sense. The three men are living large in a massive bungalow and splurging on various luxuries. Raju hears about an idea of doubling his wealth from a con woman Anuradha  claiming to be a bank manager and convinces Shyam and Baburao to go along with it. They also convince a goon on the street,Pappu  to contribute Rs. 20 lakh  so that they can come up with the minimum deposit of Rs. 1 crore in order to double their money. Raju also sells the bungalow to contribute to the Rs. 1 crore. They invest Rs. 1 crore . Three weeks later Raju, Shyam and Baburao find out that it was all a scam and become penniless. The goon is also in trouble because he had borrowed money from a dreaded gangster who suffers from a lisp, Tiwari , who will kill him if he doesn't pay up. Raju, Shyam and Baburao now have three days to come up with money to pay back the goon or else they will be killed. They have to leave their bunglow and live in a chawl owned by Anjali's  father. Then they steal drugs from their neighbor  who also stole drugs from another don . The drugs are worth about 3 crore . They think that they can sell them to Kachara Seth ([[Manoj Joshi  and pay off Tiwari and they would also become rich. But their neighbor once again steals the drugs from them. They run into Anuradha and she tells them that the entire scam was hatched by Kabeera  to get revenge on the trio, and that the only reason she went along with it was because they were holding her niece hostage . Their money was converted to diamonds to pay the ransom, but she fled them once she discovered her niece had escaped. In the end, all guys end up in a circus show to get hold of the diamonds. These are strewn all over the ground in public by a gorilla. Raju escapes with Pappu's cellphone and three big guns with him, which are worth crores of rupees and he does not know about it. So he tries to throw the guns into the river to get rid of the whole trouble. But fortunately for him, the guns get stuck somewhere. He tries to go down and throw them into the water. When Baburao and Shyam come to know about the worth of the gun from Pappu who is arrested, they call him on Pappu's phone. The film ends with Raju busy trying to reach for the guns with his phone ringing."] ['The film starts out on a rainy night with a conversation between 4 cops in a van, patrolling the streets. A car narrowly misses colliding into them on the road, brakes and then continues on towards a house with iron gates. A man in a jacket gets out from the car, opens the garage door and is shot from behind multiple times. The entire movie is then shown as a flashback, building up to the present shooting, a tool used numerous times in the film when the story goes back and forth between the flashback and flashbacks within the flashback. The story is about a gang of five that run a gambling club and conduct other underhand deals. The five members are Vikram , Seshadri , Shardul ([[Zakir Hussain , Prakash  and Shiva . When one of Seshadri\'s police contacts from Bangalore, Kalyan  promises him "French furniture"  worth Rs. 5 crores for Rs. 2.5 crores, Seshadri calls for all 5 members to contribute Rs. 50 Lakh each to set the deal in motion. Based on Shardul\'s promise of being able to sell the furniture for more than Rs. 5 crore, each member anticipates a profit of a further Rs. 50 lakh each, at least. Shiva is to take the money to Bangalore by train. Vikram plans to take all the money by making Shiva unconscious using Chloroform poison. In the pretext of going to Goa for business work, he goes about his plot, driving to Pune where he uses the name Johnny G. But plans go wrong and Vikram has to kill Shiva who has just seen his face before going unconscious. Now Sheshadri, Kalyan, Prakash, Shardul, in turn and individually, find out Vikram\'s crime and are killed by him. Finally, Vikram is killed by Prakash\'s wife who mistakes him for Shardul, who she believed was Prakash\'s killer.'] ["Rahul Malhotra  is the Caretaker of a garment company that has a pending order of two lakh shirts to Mr Bijlani. Rahul is also the guardian of his deceased sister's mischievous kids: Sunny, Munni, and Vicky. He finds it hard to control the kids, as he is new to this. When the kids cause trouble, Rahul punishes them by locking them in their room. However, the children escape and head for a carnival in town. Vaiyjanti  is the bubbly daughter of a South-Indian Businessman and music-lover. Her father wants her to get married to natarajan an Iyer-clan music legend, who is somewhat creepy in nature. Viyjanti refuses to marry him and rebels. As punishment, she is also locked up but escapes. She meets the three kids at the carnival and they become friends. Vaiyjanti explains that she has no home as of now so the children, who have taken a liking to her, invite her to stay with them. The children go to great lengths to hide Vyjanti from Rahul. In a row of hilarious sequences, they are always one step ahead of Rahul before he can discover Vyjanti. Two nights later however, Vyjanti is revealed. Initially angry at first, Rahul sees that the children love her so he gives her a job as the children's governess. Vyjanti begins to live with Rahul and the kids and slowly falls in love with Rahul. Maya, a seductive, glitzy woman obsessed with Rahul, turns out to be Bijlani's daughter. She asks her father to ask for Rahul's hand in marriage. Rahul approves, deciding that it would benefit the children. When Vyjanti and the children find out, Vyjanti is heartbroken and the kids are upset, as they dislike Maya. As the engagement takes place, Vyjanti explains to the kids that she loves Rahul and wants to marry him. The kids come up with a plan to stop the engagement. They crash the party with a dramatic act, which successfully postpones the engagement, but angers Rahul. Back home, he scolds Vyjanti and she admits that she loves him, shocking Rahul. The next morning, Bijlani comes with Maya to offer Rahul a second chance. Rahul defends Vjyanti against their insults, thereby expressing his own love for her. The mischievous kids bring Egg and rotten Tomatos and throw it at Bijlani and Maya until they run out of the house. Bijlani and Maya set on auctioning Rahul's house as revenge. Rahul asks his workers to work overtime to make up for the shirt orders, which the supportive workers agree to. A successful two lakh shirts are made and loaded onto the delivery truck to be delivered to Bijlani. Bijlani hires some thugs to sabotage the delivery so that it doesn't arrive on time--his cruel plan to ruin Rahul. Much to their distaste, Rahul is able to arrive on time with the order. Just before Bijlani and Maya are arrested, the kids, Vyjanti, Rahul and all the others supporting them, throw eggs at Bijlani, Maya and the other personnel at the auction. Vyjanti is reunited with father but he disapproves of getting her married to anyone not from the Iyer clan. All the workers from the factory, Rahul's colleagues, and the children request him to allow Rahul and Vyjanti to marry. With so much persistence, he accepts and Vyjanti and Rahul are finally married in a South-Indian style ceremony."] ['When Roshni and Sudeep take their nine-year-old daughter, Shivani to their ancestral home, little do they know what is in store for them? The twosome has some unanswered questions from the past, which now come back to haunt them. Their mistake is now threatening to take their only daughter away from them.Movie review Indiatimes.com Movies.'] ['The film begins with an audio-visual collage of news reports on contemporary wars and terrorism. Reports of major incidents from the 11 September 2001 attacks, the murder of Daniel Pearl, the Iraq War to the 2002 Gujarat violence and terrorism in India flash across the screen. This is followed by a saying, {{cquote}} The story is set in September 2001. It starts as her parents drop Meenakshi Iyer  at the bus station. Meenakshi and Raja Chowdhury  get introduced to each other through a common friend just before they embark on their journey. Raja, a wildlife photographer, is requested by Meenakshi\'s parents to look after their daughter and baby grandson, Santhanam. The passengers of the bus include a boisterous and highly enthusiastic group of teenagers, a couple of Sikh gentlemen, an elderly Muslim couple, a grouchy woman, a young couple high on romance, a mentally challenged boy and his mother, and some card-playing men. While the bus negotiates the hilly terrain, Meenakshi is forced to interact with Raja in order to pacify the restive baby. The other passengers assume that they are a married couple. The bus faces a roadblock and the bus driver attempts a detour. However, soon the bus is stopped by a queue of paused vehicles. Within some time, news arrives that Hindu mobs are rampaging against Muslims after a Hindu village was burned down in sectarian violence. The situation turns serious as policemen arrive and announce that curfew has been imposed; all the passengers are ordered back to their vehicles. Here is where Raja reveals his Muslim identity to Meenakshi and tells her that he has to leave in order to protect himself. As someone who comes from a high caste and a conservative Brahmin family, Meenakshi shudders at the very fact that during their travel she drank water offered by Raja, a Muslim. "Please. Don\'t touch me" is her shocked reply. But before he can make a move he is forced to get inside the bus by the patrolling police. After the police exit to scout other areas for arson, one rioting Hindu mob arrives and forcibly enters the bus. They begin interrogating passengers about their religious identities and when in doubt, they even resort to check if the person is circumcised.{{cite web}}  In order to protect himself from them, one of the passengers—Jewish and hence circumcised—points out the old Muslim couple to divert the mob\'s attention. The mob\'s leader drags the old man and his wife out of the bus. One teenager resists this, but she is thrashed by the leader. As Raja attempts to rise in revolt, Meenakshi plants Santhanam on his lap, ordering him to hold the baby with an intent to shield Raja\'s Muslim identity. The mob asks about their identities, and Meenaksi tells the leader that Raja and she are Mr. and Mrs. Iyer. After this chilly encounter, the passengers spend the night in the bus. In the morning, the passengers are in a lighter mood and trek to a nearby village to seek accommodation. Raja and Meenakshi, identifying themselves as Mr. and Mrs. Iyer, fail to find any accommodation. However, the police officer, who was patrolling the earlier evening, bails them out by providing shelter at an abandoned forest bungalow. They are provided with the single usable bedroom available in the bungalow. Meenakshi refuses to share the room with Raja, and curses herself for coming along with a stranger. After confronting her on her outdated prejudices about caste and religion, Raja angrily tells her "this is 2001, no one believes like that anymore." After a brief quarrel, Raja allows her the comfort of the bedroom and prefers to sleep outside. The next morning when Meenakshi does not find Raja, she gets worried and angry as to why he left Santhanam and her in such a place. Soon, she feels relieved to find Raja sleeping outside. After they reach a restaurant in the nearby village, they meet up with the teenagers on the bus. Meenakshi tells them that Santanam is a Sagittarius - his birthday is on the 20th. The teenage girls are excited and curious to know about Meenaakshi and Raja\'s love story. To keep their farce alive, both of them cook up an impromptu story right from how they met till where they went for their honeymoon. Later, they encounter the same police officer who previously helped them. He volunteers to arrange transport for them to the city the next morning after learning that Raja is a photographer . He escorts the couple back to the forest bungalow for the night. During their stay at this bungalow, they discover each other\'s beliefs and understanding of religion. That night, as they witness a horrific murder by one of the mobs, a shocked Meenakshi is comforted by Raja. The next day, they sit in an army truck which drops them to the nearest city. Once in the city, they board the train towards their destination. An unspoken love and a strong attraction is evident between them, keeping behind all their differences. At their destination station, Kolkata, the real Mr. Iyer  arrives to receive his wife. Meenakshi introduces Raja to her husband as Jehangir Chowdhury, a Muslim man who helped her  during the curfew. While Mr. Iyer  is collecting Meenakshi\'s luggage, Raja hands over a camera roll to Meenakshi, the one that contains the photos of their journey and both of them bid an emotional farewell to each other.'] ["Dhadkan is about Anjali , a young woman who hails from an extremely rich and influential family. Her father Mr. Chauhan  is a renowned businessman and has many dreams for his daughter. Anjali is in love with Dev  who is very poor and often cannot even afford to clothe himself properly. Dev loves Anjali and wants to marry her &mdash; so has to meet her father. When Anjali puts forward to her parents the proposal of marrying Dev, she is rebuked and gets an outright refusal. Moreover, her parents have chosen for her a wealthy suitor from Delhi. Not wanting to hurt her parents Anjali finally gives in and marries Ram  who her parents believe will be a perfect match for her. Ram is a man of great ideals, who believes in giving a rightful place to his wife and respects her sensibilities. Despite this, he is unable to win Anjali’s love at first and their marriage remains on the edge. However, after seeing the magnanimity of her husband’s heart in forgiving and accepting her, she realises she has fallen in love with him. Anjali leads a life of bliss and becomes an ideal wife. But suddenly, at their third wedding anniversary party, Dev returns and reveals his intent of winning Anjali back. Dev is now a wealthy businessman, and Anjali finds herself at a crossroads where she has to fight for her husband with her former love. Anjali is in love with her husband and has no wish to return to her former lover. When she tells him this, he sets out to ruin Ram's business. But the truth wins in the end when Anjali tells Dev she is pregnant with Ram's child. Dev realises his folly and decides to marry his friend and business partner Sheetal Varma  who has secretly loved him for a long time."] ['Anil , a street performer and wedding singer, is scarred by the memory of the rich P.N. Oberoi  beating his mother  in an incident during his childhood. When David Brown, the manager  of current Indian disco champion Sam  is fed up and looks for some new talent, he happens across Anil who is dance-walking down a street. Rebranded as "Jimmy", the rising disco star must take the throne from Sam and win the heart of Rita , P.N. Oberoi\'s daughter. All seems to be going well until Oberoi hires men to connect Jimmy\'s electric guitar to 5,000 volts of electricity, causing Jimmy\'s mother to die in a tragic accident. With his legs broken by Oberoi\'s goons and guitar phobia from the incident with his mother, Jimmy must claim first place for Team India at the International Disco Dancing Competition amidst strong competition from Team Africa and Team Paris.'] ['Wealthy, powerful and influential Seth Dharamdas  leads a financially secure life in a palatial bungalow. He is known to come help people who are beyond any hope of assistance, and this leads to him being known as "Dharmatma". But Seth Dharamdas does have a number of skeletons in his closet and a parallel life as a gangster and a matka king. The only person whom he dislikes and fears is his own son Ranbir . After a heated argument over Dharmatma\'s matka business, Ranbir leaves home for Afghanistan, where he stays with a friend of his father and manages his business. One day in a forest while riding a horse, he finds a nomadic man named Jankura  and a woman named Reshma  fighting. He defends beautiful Reshma and falls for her. Reshma too falls for him. Meanwhile in India, his sister Mona  is all set to marry Kundan, son of their father\'s old friend. She writes to Ranbir to attend her wedding and give them his blessings. Ranbir accepts her invitation and arrives at the venue. The marriage commences and Mona departs after the ceremony. While in the car, she gifts her husband a steel ring with "I Love You" inscribed on it. Ranbir leaves for Afghanistan. He proposes to Reshma, which she accepts. Her foster-father also reluctantly agrees to their marriage. A fortune-teller there predicts that Reshma will bring death to Ranbir which has Reshma worried. Meanwhile in India, a business-rival by the name of \'Anokhelal\' proposes a narcotics deal to Dharmatma, which he refuses. His son-in-law tries to force him to accept the scheme but is unsuccessful. Dharmatma recognises the nature of his son-in-law and apologises for his mistake of letting her daughter marry him. He misses Ranbir and orders his assistant Vikram Singh  to bring Ranbir back from Afghanistan. Vikram Singh agrees but on the way he is kidnapped by Anokhelal\'s sons Natwar and Rishi, and his brother Biradar. In Afghanistan, Ranbir and Reshma prepare for their marriage. On the day of the wedding, they leave for the temple. While in the temple, Natwar and Rishi plant a bomb in their jeep which will explode once the car is started. After praying, Reshma starts the jeep and it explodes, killing Reshma leaving Ranbir heart-broken. Natwar and Rishi attack a matka centre of Dharmatma, injuring him and Kundan. They order a nurse to help Kundan in killing Dharmatma. In Afghanistan, Ranbir gets the news of attack on his father and returns to India. Kundan kills Dharmatma assisted by the nurse but loses his ring given to him by his wife. Ranbir arrives and finds that his father is dead. He promises to his father that he will find out his murderer and punish him. Some days later, Ranbir with Sonia, a childhood friend who secretly loves him, goes out for a drive where he is attacked by goons sent by Anokhelal. The doctor who operated on his father gives him the ring which he found in Dharmatma\'s hand and tells him that his father died from suffocation. Ranbir suspects an hospital employee to be a part of the conspiracy and asks the doctor about the nurse on duty that night. He visits her house only to find her killed by Natwar and Rishi. He tries the ring on her hand but it doesn\'t fit. Kundan arrives and lies to him that Vikram Singh and asks Ranbir to kill Vikram Singh. Meanwhile, at Anokhelal\'s place, they raise a toast for dead Dharmatma. Ranbir arrives there. Kundan, Natwar and Rishi hide upstairs and position a sniper to kill Ranbir. Downstairs, Ranbir accepts the drug deal which his father declined and provides them with {{INR}} 50 lakhs but on a condition that they will give him Vikram Singh, dead or alive, to which Anokhelal agrees. Anokhelal signals Natwar to stop Kundan from firing at Ranbir, which makes Kundan very angry. He returns home, drunk with a prostitute which makes Mona furious. Drunk Kundan gets angry and beats Mona. Ranbir comes to know about this and gets furious. He arrives at their place and beats Kundan but Mona stops him pleading him not to make her a widow. Kidnapped Vikram Singh is killed by Anokhelal. Then they take his dead body in a coffin and meet Ranbir in a church burying ground. Ranbir tries the ring on Vikram Singh but it doesn\'t fit. Then Anokhelal laughs at him and confessing that he got his father killed. His hidden goons try to kill Ranbir but cops present already saved him, killing Anokhelal and his brother Biradar but Ranbir is injured during that. He thanks cops for saving his life and departs. At his place, while bandaging his wounds, Sonia asks him to leave this place and travel to a safer place to which he disagrees. After which Mona arrives, tying rakhi to Ranbir\'s wrist. She sees the steel ring in Ranbir\'s hands and saying that she given one to Kundan but he has lost it. Ranbir realises that Kundan is the main culprit in the death of his father. He wants to kill him but is in a fix because he does not to make his sister a widow. Mona and Kundan return home where they find Natwar and Rishi already present. Kundan signals Mona to go upstairs. Natwar and Rishi blackmail Kundan that they will expose that he was the main culprit behind his father-in-law\'s death. They demand him to find a path for Ranbir\'s death. Mona hears this conversation and informs about this to Ranbir. Kundan sees her doing all this. Ranbir and Shakti Singh , a top henchman of his father, arrive at their place and find Mona dead. A mourning Ranbir receives a call from Kundan asking Ranbir to meet him at his hideout in Madh Island. Meanwhile he plans to kill him and Shakti Singh. Ranbir accepts and arrives there only to find a bunch of goons with machine guns there to kill him and Shakti Singh. Kundan lands in helicopter a hilly place with a small cottage where Natwar and Rishi are present. They ask him about their safehouse to which he says that a ship in the sea waiting for their arrival and then he asks them about the narcotics. They reply that it is in cottage. He asks its worth to which they reply that it is full 50 lacs. Then he kills them and takes the carton of drugs from cottage back to the helicopter where he finds Ranbir. He is astonished to see him alive and confesses him about the plan according to which he killed his father. Then he commits suicide by jumping of from the hill. After that, Ranbir closes all Matka rackets across the world which was led by his father and hands over all the black money earned by his father to the police. He leaves with his mother and Sonia, now his wife, to Afghanistan to continue his old work there.'] ["Contemporary India. A majestic fort. A royal dynasty that no longer rules. A king without a kingdom. Yet Eklavya , their royal guard, lives in a time warp. He lives only to protect the fort, the dynasty, and the king. For nine generations Eklavya's family has protected Devigarh, a centuries old citadel in Rajasthan. His marksmanship is the stuff of legends. His unflinching loyalty inspires ballads. Eklavya has spent his entire life serving the royals and closely guarding their secrets but now he's getting old and increasingly blind. Unable to cope with the suffocating customs of his land, the heir, Prince Harshwardhan , has stayed away in London. But the sudden demise of the queen, Rani Suhasinidevi , forces the Prince back to the kingdom he had left behind. The queen leaves a letter for her son in which she tells him that his biological father is actually Eklavya. The Prince's return brings a rush of joy into the moribund fort. His mentally challenged twin sister, Princess Nandini  and his childhood love Rajjo  are delighted to see him. But the joy of reunion is short-lived. There is unrest in the kingdom: Farmers are being stripped of their lands. The king, Rana Jaywardhan , influenced by his brother, Rana Jyotiwardhan , supports the atrocities being forced upon the helpless peasants. The king receives a death threat over the phone. An irreverent police officer, Pannalal Chohar , is called in to investigate. But he might be too late. The fragile peace of the land is suddenly shattered by a barrage of bullets. Jaywardhan instructs his brother Jyotiwardhan to kill Eklavya in a fit of rage but his brother betrays him and kills him and also his driver . And amidst the mayhem, the safely guarded secrets of the fort are unveiled. Eklavya suspects Jyotiwardhan and his son, Udaywardhan , are responsible for Jaywardhan's death. He kills Udaywardhan and leads Jyotiwardhan to Udaywardhan's body, intending to kill him and fulfill his oath, whereupon Jyotiwardhan reveals to Eklavya that it was the prince who ordered the death of the king. Shouting in denial, Eklavya kills Jyotiwardhan, knowing he must face the young Prince Harshwardhan, his own son, in order to finally fulfill his dharma. Harshwardhan overcome with guilt reveals his own hand in the murder of Jaywardhan to Rajjo, who leaves him because his actions also caused the death of her father. When Eklavya comes to the palace to kill the Prince, he explains why he killed the king. The King had murdered the Queen when she in her semi-conscious state kept muttering Eklavya's name. Eklavya finally fulfills his dharma, by sparing his son's life and declaring the original Eklavya wrong. Rajjo eventually forgives Harshwardhan because she believes that he is truly sorry for his actions and Pannalal Chohar finds a suicide note saying that Udaywardhan and Jyotiwardhan scared that they were about to be caught jumped in front of a train."] ['When Anila  receives a letter from a man, who claims to be her long lost uncle, her husband Sudhindra  is suspicious. The man claiming to be Manomohan Mitra  appears and stays with the family, stating that he is an anthropologist<ref nameSatyajit Ray|author2Satyajit Ray: Interviews|urlfQYs4X5d9WAC&pg15 July 2012|dateUniv. Press of Mississippi|isbn210–}} who has traveled all over the world. Anila, who initially believes the visitor, is slowly led to believe that he has come to claim his share of property by claiming to be her uncle. Only her son, who has befriended the man claiming to be Manomohan, believes that the visitor is truly Anila\'s uncle. The central conflict of the film rests upon the identity of this man and the family\'s struggle to accept or reject it. Sudhindra subjects the visitor to various tests in an effort to resolve this conflict. In a final attempt to unravel the truth, he invites a lawyer friend of his to gently question the guest. But, matter\'s turn ugly as the lawyer\'s anger builds up until finally he orders the guest to "either come clean or get out." The next morning, the visitor is nowhere to be found. Desperate to find him the family finally learns that he is in fact Manmohan Mitra and locates him in a remote tribal village. The couple apologises to Manmohan, and persuades him to come back with them to Calcutta. In the end, Manmohan hands his niece a piece of paper, which turns out to be the claim to his share of property.'] ["David D'Costa  lives a relatively poor life in Chennai with his wife Mary D'Costa  who is pregnant. He literally worships the Member of Parliament Chaturvedi , and is even willing to die for him. He introduces Mary to Chaturvedi, and with his blessings they name the new-born son James. Then one day while he is busy obstructing rail traffic, he gets arrested and is bailed out by Mahesh  When he returns home he finds that Mary has committed suicide. She left a note blaming Chaturvedi for raping her. An upset David goes to confront Chaturvedi, is intercepted by Police Inspector Roop Kumar Sahay  and Dr. Verma , the evidence is destroyed, and he is sentenced to 24 years in prison for Mary's murder. He asks his friend Mahesh to look after James in his long absence. Twenty four years later, David is released, he goes to visit Mahesh and is shocked to find that Mahesh has changed, he is no longer a boot-legger, he now lives a wealthy life-style, he wants David to forget the past, and live with his CID Inspector son Vijay . David is devastated with this news, but is determined to avenge his wrongful conviction and Mary's death, so he sets about to kill his tormentors one by one - the only obstruction he faces is none other than Vijay who, unaware of David being his father, is out to protect the 3 people. The Climax of the Hindi version is different from that of the Tamil. It is said that director K.Bhagyaraj altered the climax script in the last minute to suite the Hindi audience. Despite being victim of lot of criticism, the film went on to become one of Amitabh Bachchan's biggest hits of his career. The highlight is his double role of a father and son. Portraying an old man with a will power and a dashing Stern young Police Officer could be justified by none other than the mighty Amitabh Bachchan."] ["Somebody empties bank accounts of many people, including Babu Anna, an underworld don, via an Internet theft. The police are clueless about the robber, while Anna wants revenge. In another story, Jai Malhotra lives with his best friend, Sonia. He meets Neha Mehra and falls in love with her instantly. At first Neha rejects Jai, but later she falls for him too. One day, Jai sees Neha having a breakdown after getting a phone call. She tells him that her dead father owed money to Babu Anna's gang. To repay the amount, he became part of a gang of criminals who were responsible for the Internet thefts. After his death, the gang is now pursuing Neha to recover the money. Jai spots a rich man named Vikram Singh and decides to steal money from him. However, Vikram catches Jai. On learning the whole story, Vikram reveals that he is also a part of the gang and agrees to help Jai. In return, Jai has to take the blame for the thefts. Jai agrees, gives the money to Neha and turns himself in. Jai is to be presented for the trial, but Anna has sent his men to kill Jai. The bid fails and Jai runs to Neha's apartment, only to find both Neha and Vikram waiting for him. He is horrified to learn that they indeed stole all the money and Neha's love was just a ruse to con him to take a fall. Jai escapes from the apartment, but is shot by a police officer in the train. Even though his body isn't found, he is presumed dead. One month later, Neha and Vikram start getting anonymous phone calls. Neha believes that the calls are from Jai and that he is still alive. Jai, who is very much alive is bent on getting revenge on both Neha and Vikram. Jai makes life miserable for both Vikram and Neha. He tricks them in such a way that Anna too gets a whiff of the affair. In the end, Anna holds all three of them hostage and demands his money. Jai cleverly deflects Anna and forces Vikram to transfer Anna's money back into his account. Catching him unawares, Jai and Vikram finish Anna and his gang. In the melee, Vikram has Jai cornered. After the shootout is over, Vikram and Neha mock at him. Jai coolly executes Neha, shooting her in her head. In a fit of fury, Vikram guns down Jai. Jai mocks at Vikram and dies. Later, a news reveals that somebody has made a very hefty and generous donation to the PM's Relief Fund. Vikram is shown heading somewhere in a boat in the end."] ["The film is about Fiza , whose brother, Aman , disappears during the 1993 Bombay Riots. Fiza and her mother Nishatbi  desperately hold on to the hope that one day he will return. However, six years after his disappearance, Fiza, fed up with living with uncertainty, resolves to go in search of her brother. Driven by her mother Nishatbi's fervent hope and her own determination, Fiza decides to use whatever means she can—the law, media, even politicians—to find her brother, which brings her into contact with various characters and situations. When she does find him, to her horror she sees that he has joined a terrorist group. She forces him to come home, and he finally re-unites with their mother. However his allegiance and thoughts make him want to return to the terrorist network, led by Murad Khan . A confrontation with two men who harass Fiza leads to Aman revealing his involvement with the terrorist network in front of his sister, mother and the police. His mother's grief and disappointment eventually lead her to commit suicide. Fiza tries once more to find her brother, with the help of Aniruddh . Aman has been sent on a mission to kill two powerful politicians; when he does succeed in assassinating them, his own terrorist group tries to kill him. He escapes and Fiza follows him. They confront each other and with the police closing in on him, he asks her to kill him. As a last resort to give him an honorable end, Fiza kills her brother. Aman dies saying the first Kalma in Islam, lā ‘ilāha ‘illallāh muhammadur-rasūlullāh"] ['Detective movie tells Mohan Kumar  who is a young political firebrand whose power and influence is on the rise. His wife Reshmi  reportedly commits suicide. Since the couple was not known to have had any marital discord, the police are entrusted with the task of unraveling the circumstances of her death. The government orders a high-level inquiry. A team of officers headed by Shyam Prasad  are tasked to find out the truth behind the mysterious death.'] ['The film is set in mid-to-late 1980s in the Indian state of Punjab, which has been wracked by a violent insurgency in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar, the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and the subsequent 1984 Anti-Sikh riots. The story is relayed by a series of flashbacks. Jaswant Singh Randhawa  and his sister Veerendar "Veeran" ([[Tabu  live with their elderly mother Biji in a Punjab village. Kripal Singh  is Jaswant\'s childhood friend and Veeran\'s fiance, and lives close by with his grandfather. Their peaceful lives are interrupted by police led by Assistant Commissioner of Police Khurana and Inspector Vohra, who were searching for a Jimmy, who allegedly attempted to murder Kedar Nath, a member of the Indian Parliament. Jaswant mockingly leads the police to his dog, who was named Jimmy. Angered by his insolence, Khurana and Vohra take Jaswant for questioning, but he fails to return for days. Kripal struggles to locate Jaswant, visiting various police stations in the area, while taking care of Jaswant\'s family. When Jaswant finally returns after 15 days, he has been badly beaten up by police, which enrages Kripal. Unable to obtain help by any legal means to fight police brutality, Kripal sets off to locate his cousin Jeetay, who had ties with militant groups. Unable to locate Jeetay, Kripal instead encounters a man named Sanathan , who he observes planting a time bomb on a bus. Running into him again at a dhabha, Kripal asks a wary Sanathan to listen to him for maybe he could help him. Sanathan agrees to let Kripal travel with him on his truck, being driven by the "Commander"  and carrying sacks of native-made bombs and two militants. Upon arriving at their hideout, Kripal explains his predicament and finds out that Jeetay was killed by the Commander himself for being a police informer. Fully aware of Kripal Singh\'s background, family and his predicament, the Commander rebukes Kripal for coming to them as if they were professional killers, and tells him to go kill Khurana himself, but that the group would protect him. Kripal slowly earns the respect of the rest of the group and Sanathan, who explains that he is not fighting for a nationalist or religious cause, but for his basic civil rights and self-respect. Sanathan says that he is fighting against a system that victimizes innocents and devalues ordinary people. It is later learned that Sanathan is a survivor of the communal violence that occurred with the Partition of India in 1947, and lost most of his family in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. Sanathan claims that it is the ruling class that is trying to divide society by religion for political gain. Kripal Singh trains with the group and plots the killing of Khurana. After a year, he assassinates Khurana in a busy marketplace. Before going into hiding, he visits Jaswant and Veeran for a final time, both of whom are horrified at his deed. When Kripal returns to their hideout, he finds it empty. After a while of staying in hiding, he is contacted by a member of the group and is taken by the Commander to the group\'s new hiding place in the state of Himachal Pradesh. The Commander informs Kripal that he is known to the police, who had taken Jaswant in for questioning again. Kripal slowly begins to realize that there is no return to a normal life, and finds solace in the comradeship of the rest of the unit, which is now preparing for a new mission and awaiting the arrival of a missile firing specialist. When thinking of applying for a local job, Kripal is warned by Sanathan that he is now a big-time terrorist in the eyes of the media and a means of promotion for police officers. One of the group, Kuldip, narrowly escapes a confrontation with the police, sustaining injuries. Terrified by the experience, he pleads to Sanathan to let him go home, promising to emigrate to Canada. Sanathan reluctantly agrees, and while the rest of the unit believes Kuldip is heading home, a bomb planted in his backpack explodes and kills Kuldip on his way home. Meanwhile, Kripal learns that one of his comrades, Jaimal Singh, is none other than the Jimmy the police had been looking for. Soon afterwards, the missile shooter arrives, and Sanathan introduces Veerendar. Kripal is shocked to find that Veerendar is none other than his fiancee, Veeran. After they finally speak together alone, Kripal is horrified to learn that Jaswant, taken in for questioning after Khurana\'s murder, was beaten viciously and driven to commit suicide in the jail. Biji died soon after learning of these tragedies, leaving Veeran alone. After receiving daily visits from Inspector Vohra, Veeran decided to follow in Kripal\'s footsteps and try to reunite with him. Kripal and Veeran begin to grow close again. Veeran is a welcome addition to the household, bringing the simple joys of normal life to the band of outlaws, and developing a close friendship with the others, especially Sanathan and Waziren. The mission is revealed to be a plot to assassinate the MP Kedar Nath, who had survived Jimmy\'s assassination attempt, as he arrived for a visit to a local Sikh shrine. During their stay together, Kripal and Veeran decide to get married quietly, but Veeran quietly steals the cyanide pill from Kripal that each of the group members has and is supposed to use if ever caught by police. While visiting the Sikh shrine to begin reconnaissance, Kripal spots Inspector Vohra, who has been put in charge of security for Kedar Nath\'s visit. Kripal tracks Vohra to house where he is staying, but while attempting to kill him, is caught by Vohra and arrested by police. Meanwhile, one of the group has spotted Kripal entering Vohra\'s residence. Arguing that if Kripal had been loyal he would have taken the cyanide pill to kill himself, Sanathan concludes that Kripal was a police informer. Sanathan also accuses Veeran of helping Kripal, and orders her into house arrest. On the day of the mission, Sanathan orders the group to move, and tells Waziren, who is guarding Veeran to kill her. However, Veeran breaks free and kills Waziren. In the meantime, Jaimal and Sanathan execute the plot. While Jaimal is killed while stopping Kedar Nath\'s motorcade on a bridge, Sanathan fires the missile to blow up Kedar Nath\'s car. On the run, Sanathan finds himself being tracked closely, but by Veeran and not the police. Veeran kills Sanathan as well, and escapes. The film concludes with Veeran, who has not been exposed as a member of the group, visiting Kripal in prison. Here she gives Kripal his cyanide pill, and later takes her own.'] ["The story revolves around Kaushik  and Kaberi , a happy couple until a car accident takes away Mita, Kaushik’s mistress, and leaves Kaushik injured and grieving. Mita, the mother of a little boy and living with her husband, was Kaushik’s colleague. This revelation leaves Kaberi shattered. Kaushik successfully moves on with life leaving Mita behind and tries his best to repair the severely wounded relationship with his wife. Another couple in the film, Brinda  and Bobby , are also engaged in an extramarital relation. While Bobby is a bachelor, Brinda, quite older than Bobby, is unhappily married. They and Kaberi do group theatre together. Brinda-Bobby comes to a crossroads when Brinda becomes pregnant and Bobby is not sure whether the child is his or Brinda’s husband’s. However, he does not turn back and stands by Brinda in sorting out her issues. Kaberi often threatens divorce but ultimately is overpowered by the wife in her and cannot resist fulfilling her duties towards her husband at the time of crisis.On the other hand, Kaushik is also caught in his own predicament. The physical and mental trauma caused by the accident are portrayed with great skill and subtlety by Prosenjit. He has to not only come to terms with the loss of a loved one but is faced with the daunting task of winning back his wife's trust."] ['Aarti Verma  is a widow with two children. She is an unattractive woman with a large birthmark on her face. Aarti\'s husband died in a car accident under mysterious circumstances, and her father  is one of the richest and most famous businessmen in the city. However, when Aarti\'s father is murdered by his worker Hiralal , Aarti\'s world is completely destroyed. She does not find any sense for her life, except bringing up her children. Hiralal pretends to be a friend, and takes care of her like a father. He brings his poor nephew Sanjay  from abroad, who is also the lover of Aarti\'s best friend Nandini . Although Nandini loves Aarti, she is intensely in love with Sanjay, and after he requests her to help him, she finally agrees to help him rob Aarti of her wealth. Slowly, Sanjay gets close to Aarti\'s children. Nandini and the rest of the family convince Aarti to marry Sanjay and finally, she marries him. The day after the wedding, Aarti, Sanjay and Nandini go on a short trip, in which Sanjay pushes Aarti from the rowboat into crocodile-infested waters, so that she dies, and he inherits her wealth. The crocodile mauls Aarti and mutilates her body and face. However, Aarti\'s body is not found and Sanjay cannot inherit the legacy until her body is found and her death is established beyond any doubt. As a result, the family is in a hysterical situation. Sanjay, out of frustrations becomes abusive to the children and Aarti\'s pets. While all of this is occurring, Aarti is found adrift by an old farmer, who rescues her. A few months later, the horribly-disfigured Aarti decides to return to her city and avenge herself and her family. She exchanges her expensive diamond earrings for a huge amount of money, using the money to pay for extensive plastic surgery, and becomes a stunningly beautiful woman, very different from her earlier self. Aarti then changes her name to Jyoti and finds a job as a model in the same agency where Nandini works as well. Now a new person with a new identity, her goal is to conquer Sanjay as a stranger, and kill him in the same way as he had tried to kill her. Aarti, now "reincarnated" as Jyoti, goes on a dangerous journey of murder and revenge, and she will not be satisfied until she regains her home, family and dignity.'] ["The film is set in post-independence India where industrialization is slowly creeping in. The focus is on tongawallahs who earn their living transporting people on tongas . Their livelihood is threatened when the son of a rich landlord  begins operating a bus service in the town, which he subsidizes heavily with the sole intention of first driving the tongawallahs out of the town and then making profits. Dilip Kumar plays one of the tongawallahs who petitions the landlord over this injustice. Jeevan's character proposes a competition to decide which service is the best: The bus or the Tonga? It is decided that there will be a race between the vehicles. If the bus wins, the tongawallahs will not complain further. If the Tonga wins, the bus service will stop. This competition was a farce from the start since nobody could dream that a horse cart could beat a machine. Kumar, however, accepts the challenge to everybody's surprise. His logic is that they would be driven to starvation if the bus service continues. This race at least gives them an opportunity to try to do something. The rest of the tongawallahs do not share his hope. They blame him for his foolishness. In the end, he is left alone with nobody's support except his sweetheart, played by Vyjayanthimala. As the movie unfolds, a hopeless situation begins to turn around because of the way the people come together. Mishap after mishap occurs, but nothing can deter the determined. The highlight of the film is definitely the heart-stopping final race where the underdog wins."] ["Rahul  is a young man with dreams, working as a call center executive in a BPO in Mumbai. He silently loves Neha , a smart young woman who has made it up the ranks in a very short time, due to her relationship with her boss, Ranjeet . In his 30s, Ranjeet is married to Shikha  and has a six-year-old daughter. Shikha is well educated, and a trained dancer. Ranjeet and Shikha decided that she should stay back at home and take care of the house and their child. Their eight-year marriage has turned loveless and bitter. Neglected by an indifferent husband and bogged down by family chores, Shikha is attracted to maverick Akash . Akash is a struggling theater artist who is separated from his wife. Akash and Shikha's relationship starts as friendship and almost blossoms romantically, until Shikha feels guilty and cannot cross the limits that she has so fervently guarded all these years. Amol  is a 70-year-old man who has returned to India after 40 years to spend his last few years with his first love, Shivani , who is also Shikha's former dance teacher. Shikha's sister and Neha's roommate Shruti  works in at Radio Mirchi as a producer. She is 28 and desperate to get married. She meets Monty  through a matrimonial site, but she is unimpressed by the straightforward and socially inept Monty. While Monty likes her and is ready to marry her, she declines when she finds him ogling her. She is, however, dreamy-eyed about her RJ, Rishi K. Her boss hooks her up with Rishi K, and her relationship with him blossoms. Rahul has a novel strategy to rise up the ladder of success. He provides his flat to his superiors at the office, where they can safely bring their mistresses, girlfriends or prostitutes, in return for recommendation for his promotion. Ranjeet also uses the flat to meet Neha. Amidst one of their escapades in Rahul's flat, Neha asks Ranjeet about their future, which leads to an argument. He insults her and leaves. Indignant, she attempts suicide. Rahul finds her lying unconscious, and saves her. He brings her back to his house, which brings them closer. Shruti is heartbroken when she discovers that Rishi K is gay. She leaves the job and gets a new one where she again meets Monty. Slowly, they become friends. Meanwhile, Shruti comes to know about Ranjeet and Neha. Ranjeet panics and confesses to Shikha of his two-year affair with Neha. An already guilt-stricken Shikha cannot hold it in any longer and tells him about her emotional relationship with Akash. Ranjeet is shocked and angry, and decides to leave his wife. Shivani dies. Amol regrets the decision to leave Shivani 40 years back, stressing the importance of love to Shikha and Shruti. Shruti realizes that she loves Monty and tells him so just as he is about to go for his wedding. Meanwhile Akash decides to leave the country and asks Shikha to join him. On the other hand, Rahul is disillusioned with the way the metro has treated him and decides to resign and leave the city. Neha realizes that Rahul really loves her and follows him to the station. Ranjeet returns to Shikha, who is just about to leave for the station to see Akash. Neha chases Rahul. Monty chases Shruti. Shikha comes to the station but not to accompany Akash. She wishes him good luck, tells him that she will miss him. While the credits roll, we are shown Akash still roaming the streets of Mumbai, Shikha and Ranjeet are in a happier marriage, and Rahul is living happily with Neha. Shruti and Monty are also happily married and have a kid."] ['{{plot}} Raina  meets Samir  while at an orphanage. They both talk to each other and it\'s love at first sight. Samir and Raina get married despite Samir\'s parents disapproval. The couple moves to Melbourne where Samir is a very successful stockbroker. Two years later complications arise in their marriage. The couple goes through a tough time when Samir\'s business starts sinking. While Raina is working at a local restaurant as a waitress, with her friend Neena  who\'s business is expanding,wants to send all her employees to Fiji for further training. Raina refuses knowing that Samir will say no. While this is going on, Samir consults his friend Sanjay , who persuades him to go to Singapore to start a new. That night when Samir comes home he orders her to start packing because they are leaving for Singapore. At the airport, Raina bumps into Aakash , who works at the local café at the airport. After saying sorry and going to their respective places, Aakash follows Raina as he feels that it\'s love at first sight. Finding out she is married, Aakash leaves his Mrs. Khanna story there and starts working again. Samir then hands Raina her passport and tells her that his flight is after one hour while her flight is in two. Confused Raina asks aren\'t they going together but when she opens her passport she realizes that the destination on her boarding card is Delhi and not Singapore. Confused, Raina asks what this is, when Samir says he cannot leave her alone in Melbourne so she must go back to India and stay with his parents. Samir leaves for Singapore, where Sanjay asks if everything is okay with Raina. Raina sinks into the waiting room chair and starts crying. The announcement for Mrs. Khanna is being announced to get onto her flight. Aakash notices Mrs. Khanna sitting lifelessly and crying in the departure waiting room Aakash tells her that its her last call. She thanks him and then quickly asks if she could borrow his phone and make an urgent call as it would be late if she went to the phone booth. Aakash agrees and lets Raina borrow his phone. Raina then Calls Neena and tells her everything that happened while Aakash is listening intently. Neena, now in Fiji, then gives Raina two options, either she can get on the plane and leave for Delhi or she can stay and experience the life she never had. She quickly thinks about it and realizes if she goes back to Delhi she won\'t have the opportunity to be independent and make her own decisions . She agrees to stay. Raina then calls Samir to tell him she missed her flight and is staying here. Upset, Samir says he is coming back to get her but she refuses and says that come back when your successful and Samir agrees. Soon Aakash and Raina get to know each other in a short period of time with Aakash always referring to her as Mrs.Khanna rather than Raina. Aakash makes Raina realize that being independent is good and remaining suppressed all the time is not a good idea. Aakash helps Raina to get a new place to live, a new job at the airport and a new life as well. During this time Aakash has fallen in love with Mrs Khanna although she just views the relationship as a good friendship. Soon Raina\'s work permit expires and she can\'t get a new permit as she is marked as single. Victor sir, Harsh and Raina\'s new friend Tia all tell Raina to apply for a fake marriage with Aakash so she can work. Raina feels like she would be betraying Samir and says no to it right away. Aakash respects her decision and agrees with it too. On New Year\'s Eve both Aakash and Mrs.Khanna are alone so they decide to spend it together drinking. They both drink until Mrs Khanna is really drunk. Aakash then drops Mrs Khanna home but it would be too dangerous to leave her alone. Aakash plays the music player at Raina\'s house and a really old song starts playing both Mrs Khanna and Aakash start dancing. Raina then tells Aakash that he is a good guy and she likes him with Aakash replying the same. The next morning, Raina is seen sleeping on her bed while Aakash is sleeping on her bedroom floor. Raina realizes that Aakash is not the type to take advantage of her and later agrees for a fake marriage still not knowing Aakash secretly loves her. They send in the papers and wait for the court to send them a date when they can get "married". Soon enough Aakash has madly fallen in love with Raina and Harsh tells Aakash that he should express his feelings to her. Harsh tells Aakash to show that he is the good guy while Samir isn\'t as he left her all alone with nothing. Aakash eventually decides to reveal his feelings for her. As he\'s getting ready to leave with Harsh, an incredibly good looking man  asks for Tia. They ask him who he is, as the man is about to say his name, Neena, who is standing behind Harsh and Aakash suddenly says "Samir?". Harsh and Aakash both shocked look at each other and whispers "Khanna?". Neena tells Raina that Samir is back. Raina then goes to the airport to the gate where they both separated and are united. Then Raina introduces all the people who helped her including Aakash. Samir thanks them all for helping Raina while he was away. Aakash and Harsh send Tia into Raina and Samir\'s place so they will not sleep together. Samir thinking Tia really needs help agrees to let her stay at their place while he\'ll bunk with Harsh and Aakash. Harsh and Aakash realize they didn\'t think the plan through and now are stuck with Mr.Khanna sleeping with them. On the first night with Mr.Khanna, Samir once again thanks the guys for helping Raina and then gives them an inspirational bed time story where Raina accidentally threw a tissue paper on the ground and the guy who cleans the area said Oye Miss pick that up and throw it in the garbage. Raina is so impressed she started talking to him and Raina is a type of person who is so sweet anyone misunderstands that she\'s in love with them but really she just wants to be their friend. Then Samir asks what they do, Aakash says that they are bartenders and then Samir asks that they should drink together sometime but he asks them what they do after work Harsh quickly says they clean tables and realize that the story was intended towards them. Both of them insulted say good night and fall asleep. Harsh then says that we need to find a hot girl to seduce Samir that will make Raina question his character. Both Aakash and Harsh then go to Haseena Jagmagia  to get her to seduce Samir and She agrees. Aakash and Harsh take Samir to a bar where Haseena Jagmagia is dancing. They try to get Samir drunk and are successful to do so. Aakash and Harsh are just waiting on Tia to bring Raina to see what Samir is doing. However, after dancing with Haseena for a while Samir returns to the bar and when Raina walks in she see\'s Harsh and Aakash dancing with Haseena. Harsh\'s plan has failed as now Aakash and Harsh\'s character has come into questioning. Soon Samir moves back in with Raina and Harsh and Aakash are running out of plans. Samir and Raina go out to Dinner and Raina asks for champagne while Samir says that they already have wine why would we need champagne as Champagne is for Celebration. Samir holds Raina\'s hand and asks her what she wants she says nothing except for his company and she pauses for a bit. Then she says I want a little Samir, hinting she wants to start a family. Samir is happy and asks for 4 bottles of champagne. Back at Aakash\'s place, Aakash has received the court papers for Raina and his marriage date. Raina and Samir return home with Samir being really romantic as they are both in the mood for sex. Raina goes to freshen up. As Samir is going inside he realizes a package for Raina is here. Samir then opens the package and its the court papers. Samir then asks her who Aakash really is . Raina saying that he\'s a really good friend and how he\'s helped her through so much. Samir then pulls out the court papers. Raina then tells him that it was only for the work permit so she could work. Samir says that she could have told him before hand and he could have gotten her the work permit. Now a confident Raina talks back and says just like the way you left me to go to Singapore. Angered Samir now gives Raina the option of her coming to Singapore back with him or to get Divorced so she can get married to Aakash. Again at a crossroads Raina doesn\'t know what to do. Raina asks Aakash if he loves her. Aakash tells her that she is so pretty that anyone can fall in love with you Mrs.Khanna. Samir then jokes about Raina checking her boarding ticket that they are both going to the same place. Samir then sends Raina to go to boarding while Aakash stops Samir and says you two were made for each other. He then adds that Mrs.Khanna never let me near her at least you hug me. Samir and Aakash are shown on good terms and Samir leaves. Samir and Raina are now on the plane waiting for it to take off while a flight attendant comes in and gives Raina a bouquet of flowers from Mr.Khanna. Raina then thanks Samir for giving her the flowers as they are beautiful. Samir starts laughing admitting that they are beautiful but they are not from him. Raina then realizes there is a card in the bouquet. She opens up the card where its expressing Mr.Khanna\'s love for Raina. As soon as she reads the name on the card Samir says do you now realize why he use to Call you Mrs. Khanna and not Raina? The bouquet was in fact from Aakash who\'s surname is Khanna and he would pretend that Raina was his wife referring to her as Meri Mrs. Khanna. Raina then Smiles and now leaving Melbourne to start her life afresh with Samir. Aakash is still thinking about Mrs.Khanna, while a young beautiful girl  appears and asks if they are open. Harsh quickly says yes and starts up coffee. Harsh then hints to Aakash to try his luck with her. Aakash then asks the young girl what\'s her name. She replies saying Mrs.Khan. Aakash and Harsh are shocked and then Aakash get the idea of getting into trouble with another Mrs. But then quickly the girl says that she wanted to be Mrs.Khan but it didn\'t happen. Happy Aakash then tries his luck as she asks his name. Harsh then says his name is Mr. Khan. Confused Aakash adds the "-na" to Khan. Then asks if she\'s looking to get married. The confused girl then says good-bye and is about to leave when Harsh indicates for Aakash to start singing the song that he and Mrs.Khanna danced to on New Years. The girl then stops, looks back and smiles. Afterwards it is seen that the girl and Aakash are sitting together talking. Aakash asks the girl what her name is and she simply replies by saying her name is Raina. Aakash starts laughing and then jokingly asks if the Mr.Khan guy she was supposed to get married to name was named Samir and she replies yes how did you know? The movie ends here as Aakash is shocked because of the coincidence.'] ["The film opens in India. It is the early 20th century, when India remains part of the British empire. The opening sequence shows a group of British soldiers plundering an Indian fort and taking its riches by air to England. They are stopped by the valiant Raja Azad Singh . Raja Azad Singh is of immense strength, and manages to lasso the light aircraft, subdue several English soldiers and recover the stolen jewels. Around this time, Raja Azad Singh's wife Rani Durga  gives birth to a baby boy. The Raja carves the word mard  into the newborn's chest, noting proudly that the baby is smiling throughout, and can apparently feel no pain.  The British commission conducts an investigation, led by a sympathetic and liberal Englishwoman, Lady Helena; the investigation uncovers the atrocities of the English troops and results in several officers being officially reprimanded. Lady Helena is a close confidant of Raja Azad Singh, and is generally supportive of the Raja and of India becoming independent. The English officers General Dyer  and Inspector Simon  conspire with a sniveling, weak willed local doctor Harry  to capture the Raja. Harry sedates the Raja; weakened thus, the Raja is captured and imprisoned in a dungeon. Rani Durga escapes on the Raja's faithful steed Bahadur. But she is shot, and the horse brings the baby mard to a local orphanage for safekeeping until Rani Durga can recuperate and reclaim him. The wife of a poor blacksmith spots the baby in the orphanage, asks after him and eventually adopts him. When Rani Durga returns, she is shocked to find him gone and she loses the ability to speak. The penniless Rani Durga eventually becomes a washer woman. The traitor Harry is appointed mayor of the town for his part in the capture of the Raja. Raju grows up to become a strong youth under the care of the loving blacksmith and his wife. His day job is to run a tanga. One day, he happens across an arrogant and oppressive young woman who blithely runs her car over an old lady. Raju gives chase, intercepts the young woman, and compels her to apologize to the old lady. The young woman is of high birth, and her bodyguard Zybisko  engages Raju, but Raju fends him off quite easily. The young woman turns out to be Ruby, the debutante daughter of mayor Harry . Ruby apologizes. But she is charmed by Raju's rugged looks and candor. He initially refuses her advances in order to maintain his independence. But she eventually falls in love, changes his heart, and invites him to her birthday party. Harry and General Dyer continue their relentless quest for power. Their first move is to demolish the basti  in front of Harry's mansion. Raju rallies the basti dwellers to oppose the demolition crew and picket Harry's mansion. Harry arrests Raju and is about to execute him when Lady Helena arrives on the scene. Lady Helena stops the demolition , reprimands Harry, and releases Raju. Harry tries to buy off Raju, but Raju douses the cases with liquor, sets it afire, and uses the soot to blacken Harry's face.  A frustrated Harry tries to have him shot, but Ruby intervenes, professes her love for the tanga wallah , and threatens to completely disavow her father if any harm should befall him. Unable to subdue or subvert Raju, a frustrated set of cronies  fret and fume. The film introduces Danny  the son of General Dyer. Danny is every bit as corrupt, cunning and avaricious as his father and his cronies. Danny runs the nefarious operations beneath the outwardly clean, lordly and manorial life of General Dyer and mayor Harry. There are three such operations. First, there is a secret blood camp; basti dwellers that are infirm, aged or otherwise unfit are secretly abducted and their blood  is involuntarily extracted to supply British war campaigns elsewhere. Second, there is a slave labor camp where, again, basti dwellers are put to work  on various civil and construction projects for the British empire. And finally there is Raja Azad Singh, still imprisoned, and a champion for the basti and for the workers in the labor camps. His primary duty is to turn, by hand, a massive flour mill; this mill is the only source of food for the camps.  The camps grow in size, and Raja Azad Singh secretly plans to have them revolt; this becomes a growing concern for Harry. Harry and General Dyer decide the best way to remove Raju from the picture is to announce the engagement of Ruby and Danny. Ruby strongly opposes this and runs off with Raju. Danny gives chase with his men, and even tries to kill Ruby, but eventually brings her back to Harry. Harry is truly enraged. He threatens to kill Ruby if she ever disobeys him again. Danny devises a nefarious plot to get rid of Raju. As the first step in the plot, Danny captures the blacksmith, burns his hovel, murders his wife, and puts the blacksmith in a slave camp.  Danny learns of Raju's lineage. Realizing Raju will attack the camp to free the blacksmith and Raja Azad Singh, Danny plays the second step of his plot and lays a trap. Raju enters the dungeon to rescue his father. But it turns out that Raja Azad Singh has been replaced by a masked impostor , and Raju is captured. At this point, Danny devises a fatal final step. He announces a gladiatorial sword fight between Raju and Raja Azad Singh where the winner will go free. Prior to this fight, he takes steps to ensure father and son are truly bloodthirsty for the other. Raja Azad Singh is brought to a blood camp where he sees Raju  extracting blood from innocent citizens and swearing loyalty to the British; the Raja is incensed and swears to finish him off in the contest. Concurrently, Danny sends word  that the fighter opposing Raju will be a masked impostor and not the real Raja. Raju, in turn, announces he will not let his opponent leave the ring alive. And Danny forthwith arranges to have the real Raja fight Raju. The contest begins on the next day, and father and son are soon in a crazed sword fight. The duel takes a turn when the Raja spots the word mard on Raju's chest, and Raju notices one of his blows drew blood from the Raja's cheek. They quickly discover the truth, and keep up the appearance of a death duel until the Raja hoists Raju off the arena and into the viewing gallery. Raju plunges his sword into General Dyer, killing him instantly. Danny is infuriated. He orders his tanks to finish off Raju and the Raja.  Raju and the Raja seize horses and escape, with the tanks in hot pursuit. After a long chase and fight, Raju and the Raja overpower the tanks, rescue the ladies and engage the villains in combat. After a hard sword-and-gun fight, Harry, Danny and Goga are drowned in quicksand, and Raju and his father return victorious. The film ends with Raju and Ruby coming together and being reunited with Raju's real parents, on the dawn of India's independence movement."] ["The movie is set in Dehradun, a valley in North India. The movie opens with the description of the various colleges in the city. The Rajput college has students from affluent backgrounds with each student being an heir to a multimillion fortune. In contrast, the Model college has students from poor local households. Other colleges include Xaviers college and Queens college, the latter being an all-girls college with the guys from all three colleges trying to woo them. The highlight of the town is the annual inter-college sports championship with a marathon cycle race as the prime event. In the beginning of the film, the race is contested between Ratan Lal Sharma of Model college and Shekhar Malhotra of Rajput college with the latter winning the race because Ratan had an inferior bike. After the race both are felicitated by their respective schools. Shekhar being rich and now the local champion is cocky and arrogant. Sanjay Lal Sharma a.k.a. Sanju is Ratan's younger brother and is everything that Ratan is not. He's a carefree youngster who is full of himself and is always in trouble with his father Ramlal, who wants him to act more maturely and become responsible like Ratan. Sanju and his little gang, which includes Anjali , bunk sports to smoke cigarettes and roam around town. Anjali and her dad run a vehicle repair shop and Anjali's father asks his daughter to stay away from Sanju. Ramlal and his family run a small cafe which is the hangout spot for most of the college students. A number of scuffles occur between Sanju and Shekhar because of Shekhar's attempts to humiliate Ratan and his dad. Enter Devika , who immediately catches the fancy of both Sanju and Shekhar. Initially she leans towards Shekhar but one day she misses her bus on the way to a picnic to meet Shekhar. Meanwhile Sanju asks Anjali for a car so that he can roam around town. While on his way he spots Devika and leaves his friends at the paan shop and gives Devika a lift. Devika upon reaching her destination finds Shekhar with another girl and goes along with Sanju who, although not rich, brags about his wealth. Sanju's lie is ultimately revealed when Devika sees him dancing in the Model college group during a dance competition. After the show, Sanju and Devika break up. In between, Sanju had quietly wasted money given to him by his father . This leads to a heated argument between Sanju and his dad. Next morning, Ramlal leaves for town and Ratan is out cycling. He stops to meet his girlfriend when Shekhar and his friends pass by. A heated argument and fight ensue, which end in tragedy when Ratan accidentally falls off a cliff. While Ratan is in hospital the song, Sanju recollects his childhood with Ratan. When his father returns, he reconciles with him. With Ratan in the hospital, Sanju becomes more responsible and decides that he will participate in the race and give it his best for Ratan. During his training, he realises his true feelings for Anjali and the two embrace each other. A day before the race, Sanju finds out about the real cause of the accident and confronts Ratan who tells him that he didn't say anything because Sanju had become responsible and closer to all of them. Ratan asks Sanju to give his best in the race if he wants to do something for him. With his new cycle, Sanju participates in the race. The race begins evenly with both Sanju and Shekhar going head to head. Somewhere in the middle, the two fall and a scuffle ensues between Sanju and Shekhar. During this, other cyclists take the lead. Shekhar heads back on track with his friends holding Sanju back. Sanju breaks free and joins the race, catching up with Shekhar and finally beating him in the closing moments."] ['Chander  helps his friend marry his lover  against Sapna\'s brother\'s wishes. Sapna\'s friend Pooja  is with Sapna when Chander helps Sapna run away from home. From that moment Pooja falls madly in love with Chander. Sapna and Chander\'s friend get married. This enrages Sapna\'s brother who harbors a grudge against Chander & hence creates trouble for him. Pooja was living in a big house with unlovely parents. Every time her parents met they argued and fought; thinking of Chander made her happy. Pooja secretly called Chandler as a "dream girl" and flirted with him, making him happy and curious to find out who she is. Chander\'s father  was an advocate and loved his only son. It just two of them in the house so their relationship was really close. Chander\'s father helped him to find out who was the "dream girl" by tricking her to come to a venue. Chander was happy when he learned that the dream girl is Pooja; from then on they were dating. When Pooja\'s parents come to know their relationship, they don\'t approve and force Pooja to be engaged with somebody else. There was a misunderstanding between Pooja and Chander when she saw him hit her father. It was an accident, but it made her said harsh things to him. Chander was insulted and angry. When Pooja learned the truth she wanted to make it up to Chander. She asked his childhood friend Jai to bring her to Chander. Jai sold her to a brothel instead. Pooja was missing and the police asked Chander where he\'s hiding Pooja. Chander didn\'t know anything and tried to find Pooja until he learned that Jai sold her to a brothel. Chander saves Pooja when she was almost boarding a plane after being bought by a boss from a Middle East country. Chander fought the ruthless brothel\'s owner, then the brothel\'s owner shoots Chander. Chander could move faster so Jai got shot. The brothel\'s owner was shot by the police inspector, Sapna\'s brother, who separated duty from personal matters.'] ["Shammi Kapoor plays Pritam, a young man who desperately needs a job to pay for his mother's tuberculosis treatment. He finds out about a job tutoring two young women and two schoolgoing children - the catch is that their guardian, Sita Devi Verma  will only hire an old man for the job. Pritam disguises himself as an old man and takes the job. The situation is very tense between the young women and their aunt as the girls' parents have recently died and Sita Devi have been given the responsibility of the caretaker who is very strict. While Pritam's young avatar is romancing one of his two young tutoring charges , his old avatar is romancing their guardian. Producer F. C. Mehra, director Lekh Tandon, actor Shammi Kapoor and music director duo Shankar Jaikishan later worked together again on the 1969 film Prince."] ['Sakthivelu Nayakar  is born to an anti-government union leader. The child, Velu, is tricked by the police into locating his father, and then witnesses his father\'s death in a police shootout. After doing the final death rites of his father, he kills the person who was the cause for his father\'s death and escapes to Bombay. Stranded and homeless in the big city, he is rescued by a kind-hearted Muslim fisherman who takes him into his home in the suburban slums of Dharavi. His foster-father is also a small-time smuggler known for his generosity in the slum. Upon his running afoul of a senior crime lord, the corrupt local police officer named Kelkar, arrests the fisherman on smuggling charges and subsequently murders him. Velu Naiker, now a young man who has come into his own, goes in search of the officer and bludgeons him to death for as revenge. With this act, he is seen as a saviour and a man to be feared amongst the slum residents. As their godfather and protector, he flourishes by resuming his late foster-father\'s local smuggling activities. He marries a destitute school-girl-turned-prostitute  and has two children. Conflicts and power struggles occur in the smuggling world, in which Velu\'s wife becomes a casualty. Velu\'s kids are sent away to Chennai as a result and return years later to their father\'s home, as young adults. Surya , Velu\'s son, is eager to join his father in his activities, despite his father\'s reluctance. For his first real test, he is required to eliminate a potential witness against his father; he does this by hiring outside thugs. They succeed in eliminating the witness, but their failure to cover their tracks leads police to him at a petrol bunk and an accident costs him his life. Velu is heartbroken. Velu\'s daughter ([[Karthika  is at odds with her father over his form of justice and killings. To this he replies "எல்லாரையும் நிறுத்த சொல்லு, அப்புறம் நான் நிறுத்தறேன்" . As a last straw, she leaves her father and detaches her relationship. A newly appointed assistant police commissioner  starts afresh to bring Velu Nayakar to justice over his alleged activities and manages to secure an arrest warrant. This commissioner is, unbeknownst to both, Velu\'s son-in-law. After continued pursuit resulting in the thrashings by police and self-immolation of slum dwellers, Velu surrenders to the police to spare the lives of the residents of his slum. He is tried in court but is released due to the lack of adequate evidence. A supportive and emotional crowd gathers at the courthouse, awaiting his release. Velu is greeted by an excited crowd but their joy turns to sorrow when he is shot by his mentally disabled adopted son, who turns out to be the son of Inspector Kelkar.'] ["In post-independent India a teacher, Violet Stoneham , lives a quiet and uneventful life at 36 Chowringhee Lane(the film was shot in almost a namesake address of 26. Chowringee Road with a beautiful view of the Indian Museum and the Maidan along with its landmarks like the Eden Gardens, The High Court, Governor House, The Shahid Minaar and the Fort William in Calcutta, now Kolkata. Alone after the marriage of her niece, her only joy in life is teaching Shakespeare despite the lack of interest from her students. When a former student, Nandita pays a visit with her author-boyfriend Samaresh, Violet is delighted, particularly when Samaresh decides that he would like to work on a novel in her apartment. She doesn't realize that Samaresh and Nandita merely want to use her apartment for their tête-à-têtes while she is away at work. Over time, she grows very fond of them, and begins to look upon them as her friends. Her old friends die or go away, she isn't appreciated at her job, and they are the only friends she has - the only people who can make her laugh. Eventually Samaresh and Nandita get married, and move on with their lives. Violet wants to meet them on Christmas Day, and bake them a cake. They have a party organized at home, however, and think she would be 'a fish out of water' if invited. So they lie about not being in town during Christmas. Violet comes over, any way, to drop off the cake on Christmas Day, and finally sees that she has been deceived by them. She walks home to her lonely life, slowly."] ["Dil Ne Jise Apna Kahaa begins with Rishabh  and Pari  who are deeply in love. He is a wealthy young man, working in an advertising agency while she is a hardworking, dedicated doctor. They marry and soon Pari is pregnant. Pari has a dream to create a hospital for children. Tragically, she is involved in an accident and dies in hospital. Pari's last wish was to donate her heart to her patient Dhani . Rishabh is devastated and opposes the plan to donate the heart; he goes ahead with Pari's last request: the creation of a children's hospital. Dhani is cured, much to the joy of her family and her grandmother ([[Helen . Rishabh has gone into depression but soon comes across Pari's project to build a hospital for children. He begins to develop the hospital. Soon enough Rishabh and Dhani come across each other, and she feels an instant attraction to him. Rishabh ignores her advances as he is still very much in love with Pari. Rishabh does not know that Pari's heart was given to Dhani but soon he realizes that. When he does, Dhani faints. While she is in the hospital, with doctors struggling to restart her broken heart, he falls in love with her. He tells her that he loves her, and if she loves him, she will pull through. She does, and the two get together."] ["Money Hai Toh Honey Hai is a striking comedy, which deals with six individual characters. Bobby Arora ([[Govinda , who is a happy go lucky guy, who runs away from home to prove himself as a to-do child. Lallabhai  becomes wealthy after his win of 1 crore rupees in lottery. But he’s back on the road as his business fails and he loses all his money. Gaurav , a copy writer who is fired from his job. Manik , who is a struggling model who sleeps with a middle-aged fashion designer, hoping to make it big. Ashima Kapoor , a successful TV star but she’s not happy with her career and is desperate to do films as the lead heroine. Shruti  is a struggling dress designer. One fine day, they all get an SMS informing them that they are the owners of Shahenshah Jaiswal's  1000 crore company. However, their happiness do not last long for their lawyer reveals that there’s a loan of 1200 crore on the company and they must repay it and until the loan is repaid, they would be kept under house arrest. So, using the extra cloth left from the failing send to Korea they make garments. But not just any, the type they make is enough for an ordinary person to buy. They display that in a fashion show, getting ordinary people from the street. At the end, they succeed and keep on making more stores for other parts of India with the help of the bank. The movie ends with Bobby and Ashima getting married."] ["Rohit meets Chandni at a wedding of his relative, and falls instantly in love with her. He pursues her relentlessly until she agrees to date him, and eventually they become engaged to be married. His family is very much against this because of the differences in their social status, but Rohit doesn't care. One day, Rohit calls Chandni and asks her to wait for him on the terrace of her house, which she does. As she's waiting the afternoon's silence is broken by the roaring blades of a helicopter and there in the sky Rohit appears who proceeds to shower Chandni in red rose petals. He disappears from her vision and she is once again surrounded by silence, though this time she has an unnerving feeling something has happened. Seconds later, Chandni hears the phone ringing and runs to it with trembling excitement knowing it is Rohit. It is not and she is given the news that Rohit is in hospital. Faced with stony expressions of Rohit's family in the hospital she is instantly accused of being the reason why Rohit fell from the helicopter. From there the family's animosity continues towards Chandni as Rohit is paralysed on his right side and his family continues to berate her. Finally, Rohit too berates her, which is too much for her to bear. Chandni, intent on erasing every memory of Rohit, decides to move to Mumbai in order to turn over a new leaf. She starts working for a travel agency which is headed by Lalit, a handsome and charming man, who like Chandni, has a heartache of his own. In a short space of time he falls in love with Chandni and asks her to marry him. She dwells on this question and finally says yes to the exultation of both himself and his mother. Coincidentally Lalit, on a business trip in Switzerland, meets Rohit who is there to receive treatment for his paralysis and now no longer needs the wheelchair. The men tell each other their stories and sing with joy of love, not knowing they are both singing about the same girl. Back in India Rohit shows up one evening at Chandni's door and to her utter amazement he stands up and does a little dance. Both are so overwrought with emotion at seeing each other again that Rohit proposes to her. Chandni remembers Lalit and informs Rohit she now belongs to someone else. Rohit becomes angry, to which Chandni asks him what he would have done if he were in her place? Rohit regrets the episode and leaves. As Rohit and Lalit had become such good friends in Switzerland, Lalit invited his friend to his wedding and prior to this day Lalit invites Chandni to meet this new friend. Rohit and Chandni pretend to be strangers to spare Lalit. On the day of the wedding, Rohit under the influence of alcohol, stumbles down a flight of stairs leading to the wedding procession. The fall results in a hysterical Chandni screaming for Rohit to be saved and as Lalit looks on he realises that Chandni belongs to Rohit and she was the person Rohit was singing about in Switzerland. In the end, he lets Chandni go to be with Rohit."] ['U.S. based Anjali Thapar  has repeated dreams of a parallel life in India, the temple of Devi Maa Durga, & some sword-wielding men on horseback. She and her mother consult a pandit, and he advises them to go to India to clear this matter up, as this pertains to her past life. Mr. Thapar will only let Anjali go there after she marries the man of his choice; so Anjali decides to run away. Her father alerts a ruthless CBI Officer Sikander Baksh , who is soon on her case. Anjali meets with car-thieves, Karan and his uncle , and then begins her journey into a past life, as Nandini, the lover of freedom fighter Abhay , and his subsequent death at the hands of British-aided traitor Tejeshwar Singhal . Anjali does not know that Tejeshwar is still alive, is a powerful minister in the Indian Government, and has decided that he will make history repeat itself by separating the two lovers again - this time with the help of the government machinery.'] ['Nanhe  is the self-proclaimed best camel jockey in all of Jaisalmer. Only ten years old, he can speak a myrad of languages and has won the hearts of all the tourists who visit Jaisalmer. But who has won Nanhe\'s heart? His best friend, the actor Bobby Deol. No one believes that Bobby Deol is Nanhe\'s friend. When Nanhe\'s "sab se acha dost"  finally comes to Jaisalmer on a 30 day movie shoot, Nanhe\'s wish is fulfilled, to finally meet his long-lost friend and he learns a lesson on how to use his most powerful utility, his brain. Bobby teaches him how to fight with life, and do creative challenges but then he finds out at the end, it was all an elusion. Bobby never came to Jaisalmer, he cancelled his shooting, and only Nanhe could see him. As an adult Nanhe  changes his name to Vikram Singh and writes a book about his own life, how he thought he met Bobby Deol and the rest of stuff that happened in his earlier life, but is in big shock and excitement when he finds out that on his Book Premiere, Bobby Deol actually showed up, remembering they became good friends after all.'] ["Bala Govind  is a program director in MAA TV. His fights for justice regularly get him into trouble. During one of these incidents, he saves a person  from goons while severely thrashing Murugan , son of the notorious smuggler Tambi Durai . Fearing retribution from Tambi Durai, the MAA TV crew sends Bala to Kulu Manali to shoot a travel episode, where Bala meets Vaishali , who is a sanyasin. It is love at first sight for Bala. Vaishali, though initially apprehensive of Bala, falls for him. The head sanyasin of the ashram  unites the couple. However, before Bala is able to return to Hyderabad with Vaishali and marry her, some goons kidnap her. Bala returns to Hyderabad and finds that she is with Tambi Durai. The person who was saved by Bala in the beginning reveals that Vaishali is the daughter of Narayana Patwari. In order to grab Patwari's property, Tambi Durai killed him and his wife and performed the marriage of Vaishali with Murugan in front of their dead bodies. However, Vaishali escapes and reaches Kulu Manali. Bala decides to save Vaishali from their clutches and eventually succeeds in his attempt."] ['Jai Dixit , an youngster who sells pirated DVDs. One day, his uncle Joseph  catches him and changes his personality completely, also changes his name to Suraj Bhardwaj and sends him off to Australia. At the airport, he meets Romi Latti and Suhani , a young girl who has come to pick Romi up. Suraj gets attracted to Suhani, and therefore he pretends to be Romi and leaves with Suhani. When Suhani finds out that he is not the real Romi, Suraj makes a run into happy-go-lucky Goldie\'s flat, where he starts living. While Suraj visits a supermarket, he finds that Australians are attacking the Muslim shopkeeper, and approaches them with a gun, when one of the attackers points out "See no evil, hear no evil!", Suraj runs away. Suraj hides in Nicole\'s car. She works in a strip club named \'Duke\'s Club\'. Suraj decides to be Suhani\'s brother- Samarth\'s  driver. When Samarth\'s car breaks down, Suraj instead of helping tells Romi to go fix his car so Suhani and Suraj can spent a night together. Soon enough, Romi is attacked by Australians, and all the Indians start to protest, and suddenly Samarath attacks David  and police arrest Samarth. Suraj, not wanting to get involved in the mess, leaves from the venue. In the night Nicole tells everything about his brother, who was involved in every attack against Indian and tells Suraj not to bother, he is safe as long he is with her. She also tells that Samarth will be attacked when he will be released from the police custody. Suraj leaves her and goes to the police station and saves Samarth. Suraj and Suhani were shocked when doctor tells them that Samarth is in coma. In between, police arrests one of the attacker. Suhani agrees to be the lone witness of the attack and goes to the police station. Before they process, Police gets information about Suraj\'s original identity as Jai Dixit. Before police gets to him, he departs from the police station. Suraj and Suhani leave for David\'s home. Samarth and Romi both kill few Australians and Indian couples and blow up a club. Suhani tells Suraj that Samarth kidnapped Nicole and asks him to save Nicole. Only that would stop all this violence. When Suraj reaches at Nicole Home, he gets hit by Samarth and learns Samarth\'s plan to murder Nicole and blame the murder on him. Suraj tries to make Samarth understand but he doesn\'t come out of his mental disability about the violence. He fires Suraj but Romi kills Samarth and saves Nicole. This event brings a new era of friendship between Indians and Australians.'] ["The story revolves around a farmer Shambu Mahato , who lives with his wife Parvati `Paro’  and son Kanhaiya  in a small village that has been hit badly by a famine. After years of drought, the region finally gets rain, leading to the farmers to rejoice. Shambu owns two bighas  of land, which is the only means of livelihood for the whole family. The local zamindar  Thakur Harnam Singh ([[Murad  partners with some city business men to construct a mill on his large parcel of land, which in return would profit them and bring prosperity to the village. The only problem is that in the middle of Harnam singh's land lay Shambu's meager two bighas of land. Harnam Singh is very confident that he could buy Shambu's land. Shambu has borrowed money from Harnam Singh several times in the past and has not paid back his debt. Harnam Singh calls for Shambu and proposes Shambu to sell his land to him in exchange for his debt. Shambu disagrees to sell his only livelihood and Harnam Singh gets upset. Harnam Singh orders him to pay back his debt by the next day or risk auctioning his land. Shambu comes back home to discuss the issue with his father, and with the help of his son, they figure out that the debt amounts to 65 rupees. Shambu wants to save his land by all means and sells all his household items including his wife's gold earrings. When Shambu meets Harman Singh's accountant to pay back his debt of 65 rupees, he's shocked to know that he actually owes 235 rupees. The accountant had forged the accounts and now refuses to consider the labor provided by Shambu's father Gangu as portion of debt payoff. The case goes to court and Shambu being an illiterate, has a tough time explaining to the judge how the accountant forged the numbers and how he took accountant's word of mouth and did not demand any receipt. Shambu loses the case, however the judge orders Shambu to pay back 235 rupees to Harnam Singh in three months. If Shambu is not able to pay back his debt, then his land would be auctioned off and the proceeds would go to pay off his debts. Shambu now struggles to get the money and he is unable to get a loan because he has no collaterals. One of his village friends gives him an idea to go to Calcutta  and try to get a job to earn enough money to pay off his debt. Shambu likes this idea, but faces resistance from his wife as she's pregnant and does not want to live away from him. Shambu persuades her that he'll be gone for three months only and it would benefit his family and the new born baby. Kanhaiya wants to join his father too, but Shambu refuses and scolds him. On the train to Calcutta, Shambu finds Kanhaiya hiding and hitchhiking with him and after a brief confrontation agrees to take Kanhaiya with him. In Calcutta, Shambu and Kanhaiya face a harsh welcome. Nobody is willing to talk with them, let alone help them. Kanhaiya befriends a street side shoe shiner named Lalu `Ustad’ . They hope for no prospective and even loose their last possessions while they are asleep on the street sides. Kanhaiya falls ill, and Shambu ends up renting a small room in the slums with the help of a tea vendor and the landlady's adopted grandchild rani. In order to pay the rent, Shambu works a coolie. Shambu befriends an old rickshaw-puller , who helps him to get a license as a rickshaw-puller. Kanhaiya tries to help his family by taking up shoe shining with the help of old rickshaw-puller and Lalu `Ustad’. Back in the village, Parvati and Gangu survive on eating water chestnuts picked up from the local river. She's seeks help from Bahu  to write letters to Shambu and stay in touch. As the three months end date nears by, Shambu becomes aggressive about earning and saving more money. One day, a man asks Shambu to chase another rickshaw that is carrying his girlfriend. Shambu is insisted to pull the rickshaw very fast for more money. The rickshaw loses a wheel and Shambu meets with an accident. Looking at the condition of his father, Kanhaiya joins a pick pocketer in order to earn quick money. Shambu gets mad and beats Kanhaiya when he comes to know about his dirty earnings. Meanwhile, Parvati gets worried since she receives no letters or money from Shambu and the Zamindar's accountant accuses Shambu that he has forgotten his family. She ends up working on a local construction site and gets devastated when she receives the news that Shambu has met with an accident. Finally, Parvati decides to visit Shambu in the city even though Gangu is on bed rest suffering of high fever. Parvati arrives in Calcutta, and is taken by a strange man, who claims he knows Shambu and will take her to him. He takes her to his shed and tries to steal and force her. She flees from him, but comes under a car. The crowd gathers around her and they call for a rickshaw to take her to the hospital. Shambu who was passing by offers a ride, and is shocked to see his injured wife. Meanwhile, Kanhaiya not able to withstand his father's condition steals money from a lady and runs back to the slum. He comes to know about his mother's condition and rushes to the hospital. He cries after seeing his injured mother and claims that God has punished them because he started stealing money. He rips the money into pieces. The doctors tell Shambu that he has to spend money on medicine and blood in order to save his wife. Poor Shambu has no choice but so spend all his earnings to save his wife. Back in the village the land is auctioned because Shambu fails to pay back the debt and Gangu develops a mental disorder. The land is now owned by Harman Singh and the mill construction has begun. Shambu and his family come back to the village only to see their land sold and a factory being constructed over it. He then tries to get a handful of dirt from his land, but is stopped and forced to throw away by a security guard. The film ends as Shambu and his family walks away from their land."] ["Thakur Mahender Pratap Singh  finds out that a witch is creating havoc in an adjoining forest. His younger brother Sameer Pratap  decides to go on a witch hunt. While driving his car through the middle of the lonely forest, he meets a beautiful young woman, just as one villager had described. The woman gets a lift in Sameer's car. They arrive at the old mansion which is located behind the lake in the forest. Sameer uses his clever seductive tactics and gets the lady to bathe with him in the bathtub. Then diverting her attention by pretending to be physically intimate with her he snatches the bat locket from her neck. The lady transforms into the hideous witch that she really is. Sameer renders her weak and helpless by holding a holy Om in front of her. The witch is taken to the outskirts of the village and the locals along with orders of the Thakur Mahender Pratap Singh hang her to death. A tantric manages to steal back her body along with all his followers in the dead of the night, and takes it to the shrine, where he keeps it in a sarcophagus and promises to provide her a new body. Some days pass off happily and peacefully, with the brothers sharing merry hours together and both the children Jasmin and Sahila being lovingly nurtured by Preeti, who is the mother of Sahila and wife of Sameer and loves the brother-in-law's daughter equally. Then, one fine day during the wee morning hours, Chotte Thakur Sahaab is being shown going to Mussoorie to drop his niece, Jasmin, at her boarding school. When they're crossing the lonely stretch of the forest , the car overheats and stops. The uncle asks his little girl to wait in the car for him and leaves to fetch some water for the radiator. However, the tantric suddenly creeps out from behind a bush, hypnotizes the girl, and by cutting a piece of her frock and few strands of her hair makes a doll from it. He then places the glass bottle holding this doll in the witch's sarcophagus. Jasmin gets out of the car in the hypnotized state of mind and walks over to the shrine. Meanwhile, the uncle comes back with the water tin and is shocked not to find the child in the car. He follows her trail and is astonished to find himself going off deep inside the forbidden bush path. On the other side, the girl walks inside the devil's lair and comes to a standstill in front of the witch's tomb. In a shocking moment, the witch reaches out and pulls the kid over inside with her. The uncle tries to save his child but is late in opening the sarcophagus. By that time, the witch's evil spirit already manages to enter the girl's body. Thus, the uncle is rendered helpless as being badly outnumbered by the tantrik's men and is unable to save his little niece. The tantric then brings Jasmin back to her dad Mahender Pratap's mansion. The tantric informs Mahendra's family about the death of his brother due to a violent storm in the forest. After taking the child back to her room and putting her to sleep, Bade Thakur Saab leaves 2-3 servants in charge of the child and goes downstairs to meet the Baba. Baba asks for the thakur's permission to leave but the thakur requests the tantric to stay back as the caretaker of his daughter, since he has saved his child's life. However, the Chotte Thakur's wife, Rama Vij, gradually notices something different in Jasmin's behaviour. The changed behaviour of the child entices the aunt to talk to her brother-in-law regarding the weird changes in their girl and tries to convince him to get some witch-doctor to treat Jasmin. However, the witch, who's possessed the child, overhears this and kills her aunt Preeti by hanging her in Jasmin's bedroom by the ceiling fan that very night. The Thakur, horrified by this incident, then decides to send his little niece Sahila, the newly orphaned child, to Mumbai to stay with her grandmother so that she can be safe and stay protected from the ominous situations. After 12 years, the Thakur receives a letter from his niece Sahila.He's very happy on the fact that she has come first in her inter-mediate examinations. During the time that has passed, Jasmine grows up into a stunningly beautiful young girl who spends most of her time alone locked away inside her bedroom or occasionally wandering into wilderness. She tends to be moody and lost in her own world, making her father worry all the time. Thakur saheb informs the tantric that his neice has topped her exams and he's planning to call her to Chandan Nagar to spend her summer vacation at the haveli. The tantric directs one of his faithful servants to kidnap the niece, Sahila so that she would not reach her ancestral home.On the other side, a man attacks Sahila's car and chases after her.Her second cousin Satish,  shouts for help. Here the hero marks his entry and Hemant, played by , turns up to rescue the damsel in distress. He manages to send the monster packing and saves sahila. Back at the village, Jasmin meets a new young man at the city petrol station who is a mechanics professional and repairs her car faults expertly. She is impressed by him and asks him to come over at the old mansion located behind the bank of the lake that night for a picnic. When the man reaches over there, she welcomes him and they both drink and dine together. Due to over-intoxication, this man forces himself on jasmin and they both have a hasty one-night stand. After some time around midnight, the man gains consciousness and wakes up. He is scared to see Jasmin's eyes all grey and the girl not moving her eyelids at all. He tries to run away but again falls on the bed. Then the girl wakes up, the witch taking control of her, takes a silver dagger and stabs the man to death. Then Jasmin hastily returns home in the darkness. His body is found by the police next morning but as no one recognises him, the investigations stop over there. Hemant and Sahila get close to each other during the journey and they both reach the Haveli together. Thakur saab is very happy to see Sahila and when he hears the story of how she was helped out of the tight spot by Hemant, gets impressed by the handsome and burly young boy and readily gives him a big job in the timber factory. He also accepts Hemant as his son and family member.IMDb However, murders continue. One evening, Jasmin takes a lift in a drunk man's car and then, after crossing some distance, the witch's spirit kills the man by tearing through his neck. One night, Sahila decides to sleep with Jasmin in their old bedroom and she suddenly notices something very strange and frightening in her elder sister and informs her uncle and Hemant. The Thakur decides to send his daughter Jasmin, for a psychiatric evaluation to his old friend who is a noted psychiatrist. Under hypnosis, Jasmin recounts the incident in her past and she transforms into a completely different person. Her voice changes and she threateningly vows to kill everybody from Thakur Mahendra Pratap's family. The Thakur refuses to believe the doctor when he informs him about his daughter being possessed. However, due to their old family relation and bosom friendship, the doctor promises to stay and treat the young girl. The doctor also asks Sahila's friend Hemant to pretend to be close to Jasmin so that the truth comes to light but they both fail in their attempts. However, one night, on seeing weird shadows and smoke coming out of Jasmin's bedroom, the doctor walks inside and sees the witch's grossly frightening face. He tries to warn the thakur but thakur refuses to believe the doctor. The doctor runs away from the house to save his life but is mocked at by the servant man, raghu while departing from the mansion. In a huff, the doctor shuns raghu and leaves from the haveli as jasmin looks at him with a strange victorious smile on her face standing in the balcony. While the doctor is driving his car at a breakneck speed through the old village lanes, he takes a wrong turn in confusion, bangs on a tree and stops right in middle of the lonely forest. The witch, who is lying in wait for him, suddenly comes out from the dark shadows and while the doctor is barely conscious to look at her with wide shocked eyes, pierces his body and brutally kills him. The servant Raghu,IMDb is the next to die. He is killed when out of the witch's fear he decides to sleep in the factory at night instead of going to the haveli. Then Hemant and Sahila while discussing the killings with satish, take out the topic of Baba. Hemant decides to follow the servant  along with Sahila on a hunch. They both chase him to the Veerana. But they get captured and Sahila discovers that her father is alive. Satish Shah, in a twist of events, reaches the Veerana and rescues all of them. Now, Sameer thakur goes straight home to his brother with the children. Thakur saab is thrilled to see his dear brother hale and hearty. Then Sahila and Hemant relate the story of Baba's plots and Sameer informs his brother of the plan that helped the Baba make the witch's evil spirit possess Jasmin and turn her into a living nightmare. In the meantime, the tantric plans to kill Jasmin on amavasya so that the witch can be reborn and attain immortality. He takes her from the haveli to the devil's lair and prepares her for the sacrificial ritual. But the family manages to reach the scene.Jasmin is saved by making the witch leave her body by destroying the bottle containing her voodoo doll. But, by sheer ill luck, Bade thakur saheb loses his life to grant his daughter happiness and a long survival. The family briefly grieves and somehow, as now the witch has got her spirit back in her own foul body, succeeds in locking the witch inside sarcophagus with the help of the holy Om. Then the Thakur family and all the villagers take the sarcophagus to the temple of Lord Shiva. The sarcophagus is carried inside the temple and Chhote Thakur unlocks it with Hemant's help. Both daughters are sent out of the temple. The witch comes out of the sarcophagus and to her horror finds herself in front of the holy Lord. She writhes in pain, tries to run away, but loses all her power and falls to the ground. Within some moments, she burns away and gets destroyed by the pure impulse of the Almighty forever. Then the surviving Thakurs and Hemant begin their life anew and live happily ever after.IMDb"] ["A group of high-ranking political officials are on a trip when their bus is hijacked by a group of terrorists headed by Lalu Alex and Babu Antony. They demand the release of their old colleagues languishing in prison in exchange for safe release of the politicians. Sukumaran plays the cop who is handling the negotiations and vying for their release. Things start slithering out of control and couple of hostages are killed. That's when Sukumaran decides to enlist the help of Ali Imran  in rescuing the hostages. Ali is an ex cop who quit the police force out of disgust due to the unfair treatment meted out to him while he was in the force. This decision is met with some opposition from the Chief of police  and his son in law  as their politics and attitude promted Mohanlal to leave the force. Though unwilling at first after persuasion by Sukumaran who was his supporter in the police he decides to go ahead with the rescue mission. After careful surveillance Mohanlal along with a couple of his friends is able to sneak into the palace where the hostages are bundled up and manages to rescue them and finish off Lalu Alex in the end."] [" Gauthami  is a real estate agent in Mumbai. She brokers deals with the buyers and sellers and gets paid commission. She arranges a deal between Gowri Shankar  of Sri Venkateswara Bank, Hyderabad, India, and a Seth  in Mumbai, for the sale of a guest house in Mumbai. As per the agreement, there is three months time for registration. However, Gowri Shankar's son Kiran  comes to Mumbai and demands the money immediately. Though Gauthami tries very hard to convince Kiran that it may not be possible to complete the deal early, Kiran does not listen and wants to complete the deal saying that he needs the money urgently. On the other hand, there is a mafia don called Sonu Bhai , who needs an urgent heart transplant and looks for a person who has a rare blood group called Bombay blood group. Despite several efforts, the entire mafia gang could not get a person with that rare blood group. Kiran has the same blood group and the goons catch him, but Kiran escapes as he was alerted by the nephew of Sonu Bhai , who eyed his property. From then on the chase begins between Kiran, Gauthami and Sonu Bhai's men."] ["Dev  is the son of a rich businessman. He and Paro  are childhood sweethearts. But Dev, being an insecure narcissist, instead of acknowledging her affection and care, nudges Paro over frivolous things. Dev is sent to London for higher studies when his father senses how spoilt his son is. While separated by distance, Paro and Dev's youthful love only blossoms more. Dev arrives in Chandigarh to meet Paro. Their endeavor to make love makes for some dark comic moments. The seeds of suspicion are sown here, which the couple will never be able to weed out for a lifetime. When Dev hears rumours about Paro, he immediately believes them and ditches her. What makes them fall apart is mutual suspicion and an essentially male vision of how a woman should conduct herself sexually. Paro turns her back on him when she hears him insult her and agrees to marry whoever her parents choose. On her wedding day, he realizes that the rumors were false. But his ego doesn't let him accept his mistake, and he lets her marry someone else. Enter Chanda aka Leni . A Delhi student of half-European descent, a date with her much older boyfriend lands Leni in an MMS scandal. Her father commits suicide as he feels humiliated by his daughter's reputation. She is disowned by her family. Refusing to live a life of shame and ridicule with her family, she comes back to Delhi where she works as a prostitute at night, while continuing with her studies during the day. She adopts the nickname Chanda for her profession. Her 'foreign' looks mean her services are reserved for the highest-paying customers and she finds some dignity and independence in the new way of living. One night a customer is brought to her room in half-conscious state &mdash; it turns out to be Dev. Dev, tormented by Paro’s wedding, has been seeking refuge in alcohol and drugs. He finds some solace with Chanda but is unable to forget Paro. Once after he calls Paro's husband in the middle of the night, she visits him at the cheap lodge where he is staying. She shows her love by taking care of him but spurns his attempts at physical intimacy. The meeting ends on a bitter note, after which Paro goes back to her married life and Dev resolves to go back to Chanda; confronted by the reality of her profession, he abandons her, too. It is only months later, after hitting an all-time low in an aimless life, that he gets a wake-up call and decides to put his act together. He seeks Chanda once again and, with her help, sets out to start life afresh."] ["Swapna  is a NRI who has come to India for a visit along with her grandfather. Kameshwar rao  is on a pilgrimage to Kaasi on the request of his grandmother as he had completed graduation successfully. Kamesh sees Swapna at a railway station and falls in love with her at the first sight. Swapna along with her grandfather leave for their relative's place in a hurry without giving a chance for Swapna to inform Rahul, but somehow Swapna places a note in Rahul's wallet before leaving. When Swapna goes to her relative's house she learns that it was her engagement which is being arranged and is upset. Her father comes in between for the engagement and stops it as the relatives had actually cheated them on business due to which Swapna's uncle  succumbs to a cardiac arrest. After one year Kamesh is in hunt for his love, so he decides to go to the USA. For this purpose he gets into a software company as an engineer so that he can somehow get to the US on a work permit. The story unfolds in such a way that he goes to the US and is working under Deepak, who is Swapna's cousin. Deepak wants to marry Swapna, and Swapna almost compromises in marrying Deepak. The climax anyway sees Kamesh meeting his love and winning it. And so the film ends with a happy note."] ["Sethunath  is a prosperous business man and also a writer. However, when his creation titled 'Swantham' becomes a best seller and bags the commonwealth awards. The writer is the least interested so much so that he is not even aware who translated his work & earned the award for the book. Aneesa, a journalist, is determined to get a personal interview with her favorite writer Sethu and does not hesitate to get it at the expense of bribing Sethu's secretary Subramaniam Swamy and finally succeeds. Luckily for her, Sethu is impressed with her resilience and also the fact that she comes from the same orphanage that he hailed from makes him open his heart. He talks about his failed marriage and Priyanandini  whom he encounters during the making of a lottery commercial. Gradually, Priya reaches the pinnacle of stardom with the support of Sethu. In this process, both of them fall in love with each other and decide to get married. Manju , Sethu's wife from the US does not allow this. What does Manju do forms the rest of the story."] ["Karan is a rich, suave businessman. But he can also be very possessive of Sarika. His temper can flare at slightest pretext. After Karan involves Sarika in looking after a suitcase full of illegal firearms belonging to his friend, a hitman, she is arrested for having links with the underworld and is remanded to judicial custody. Karan claims innocence to her and sends her a defense attorney to fight her case. The attorney advises her to confess the crime, arguing that there is no proof exonerating her. After being convinced that the judge will give her a light sentence and might even set her free for co-operation, Sarika complies. But, the judge sentences her to seven years hard labour without parole. Sarika then realizes that Karan is an associate to the underworld and that he had her framed to keep police eyes away from him. This realization is soon followed by the death of her father, the ongoing ordeal of prison life and hatred towards Karan. She beats up an abusive inmate Gomati. An elder inmate Pramila , who has contacts outside the prison, decides to help her. She receives a complete change; she hacks off her long hair. Sarika changes from inside and outside. ACP Malti Vaidya  sets out to find Sarika after she escapes prison. She first confronts Mathur, killing him after learning Karan's whereabouts. She is angered to see Karan enjoying his life with a new girl. With the news of Mathur's mysterious death, Karan becomes a suspect. Karan soon learns that Sarika has escaped but is not able to put two and two together. Sarika learns that Karan is working for a businessman , who has many illegal operations going under his garb. After she kills the businessman's brother, Karan gets trapped as he was the last man to see the person alive. Karan is shocked at the development but chalks it to the work of rival gang. He believes that somebody is their mole. Meanwhile, Sarika pretends to run into him. She pretends to have sympathy for him. Seeing that she still has not seen through his game, Karan decides to play with her for some time. Karan confronts a man whom he suspects to be a traitor, but he believes that somebody else could have sneaked after Karan went out. Before the man can say anything else, Karan kills him, too. Sarika watches amused as Karan gets entangled in a cat-and-mouse game. She steals money from Karan's boss, for which Karan is again made a patsy. However, Karan soon realizes the plot. After he confronts and assaults her, she shocks him by telling him that she has burnt the money. Karan takes her to his boss and makes her confess at gunpoint. But she feigns ignorance and claims that Karan made her say so. As Karan is attacked by his boss's goons, he breaks into a fight. Just then, the ACP enters the scene with the police. In a shootout, the ACP succeeds in killing Karan's boss. The gang is either killed or apprehended. While the ACP herself gets shot, Karan succeeds in escaping. His success is short-lived: Sarika holds him at gunpoint and makes him drive to a secluded spot. After knocking him out, she chains him in a cavern infested with rats. As Karan regains consciousness, Sarika tells him how she used to be scared of rats. Karan is baffled at her talk, but she leaves him in the cavern, with light from a flashlight pointing towards him. Karan screams, but nobody hears as he is in a secluded place. Soon the flashlight goes out and Karan loses strength. The rats attack and kill him brutally . Later Sarika is shown giving the bag of money, which she had not burnt after all, to an injured ACP Vaidya. She states that she has exacted her revenge, hinting that the ACP knew of Sarika's plans. The film ends with Sarika's name being called and she comes out of the prison gates."] ['Karan Kaul  is the Editor of a daily newspaper called "The Truth". He is respected by his fans and critics alike. He loves Greeta Saunders , a Swiss national of Indian origin. Then Karan himself becomes a suspect, and faces loss of credibility, when he is accused of killing Greta, after the police find evidence linking his footprints at the scene of crime.'] ["Hasmukh Rai  has a problem. As a matter of fact, two problems in the form of his two sons: Munnu  and Bunnu . The duo are notorious slackers, always up to no good, and involved in elaborate practical jokes. It comes to Hasmukh's attention that both his sons have been lying to him about their college grades - both in studies and sports - and have not been attending school for the last three years. As a result, both are kicked out of college, and ultimately, their home. Later, one of their practical jokes gets out of hand, and Bunnu disappears, presumed dead. At the same time, Munnu gets involved with a conspiracy of killing his own brother, Bunnu. Meanwhile, from a small Indian village, Bunnu's identical cousin, Gauri Shankar, arrives in town. He is mistaken for Bunnu which leads to a hilarious misunderstandings and constant uproar, ensuring laughs all night long."] ['The film opens at a party where Anant Welankar , a police officer, meets Jyotsna Gokhale , a lecturer in literature at a local college. Anant is a sub-inspector with Bombay police. They seem to hit it off despite some initial skirmishing about ideology, and the friendship blossoms into a relationship. Anant brings diligence, enthusiasm and a definite idealism to his job. But the job is harsh. There is a deep nexus between the local mafia, the cops and the  politicians. Honest himself, Anant falls among the lower rungs of the police hierarchy and has very limited scope of authority on the state of affairs in his area. When Anant arrests three common thugs, he is asked to meet with their boss, Rama Shetty , a don in the local mafia. Anant refuses all of Rama Shetty\'s attempts to get his men out or to entice Anant to join him. Shetty decides to watch over Anant. Some time thereafter, a meek fellow from a local slum lodges a complaint about some ruffians who harass his wife. Anant finds them, locks them up, and administers a severe beating. As a fallout, the local MLA asks for Anant to be suspended. Anant\'s boss, inspector Haider Ali, explains to a mystified Anant that the ruffians were the MLA\'s henchmen, providers of muscle during elections and political rallies. Anant is defiant with a clear conscience  and ready to face a tribunal. Haider Ali explains that it will hardly get that far. Tribunals are either delayed indefinitely or are rigged , and suspension during that time is a permanent black mark on one\'s record . Anant is initially baffled but goes along with Haider\'s plan to bring in Desai, a mediator or middle-man {see Satyajit Ray movie of same name} with connections in New Delhi, the "Centre" or national seat of power. Desai invokes higher powers to quietly cover up the matter. Anant\'s morals are shaken by this incident: He had to use means barely legal to uphold his righteous actions upon criminals. Anant reflects upon his childhood. His father  retired as a Faujdar  in the village police force. His father was a hard and violent man, quick to slap or beat his wife on the slightest pretext. Anant recalls looking on and being powerless to intervene. When Anant graduates college, he expresses his desire to pursue higher education but is forced into joining the police force. Things get interesting when Anant finds one of Rama Shetty\'s goons, badly beaten, burnt and left to die. Anant brings the man into the hospital and takes his statement where he names Rama Shetty and others who inflicted this assault. Anant storms into Rama Shetty\'s rooms to arrest him. But Shetty is unfazed. He makes a simple phone call to a high ranking cop who immediately asks Anant to back off. Anant cites the context and the overwhelming evidence but is still ordered to step away. A consternated, resentful and hapless Anant leaves, feeling intensely humiliated. Haider Ali explains yet again: Rama Shetty plans to run for city council in the upcoming municipal elections and simply cannot afford to let a petty matter distract his ambitions. Anant is horrified and enraged, and takes to drinking. His relationship with Jyotsna suffers. He is distraught when he is sent to provide security cover for Rama Shetty\'s campaign rallies. He suffers another career setback when he leads an assault team to capture a dangerous daku  in the hills outside Mumbai, and the credit for the arrest is ultimately handed to another officer. His relationship deteriorates further and he takes to drinking fairly heavily. When Jyotsna confronts him, he confides in her. He has always tried to do the right thing, but his well-intentioned actions always seem to be thwarted by the tentacles of corruption in the police force or the political strata. In the alcoholic trans a prisoner is killed by Anant in the jail when he uses \'third degree\' and now Anant is not only likely to be arrested and jailed, but also has to lose his entire career. Finally he surrenders to Rama Shetty for political protection. Now, in the clutches of Rama Shetty, Anant has to obey his every order and humiliation. The dirty conditions put by Rama Shetty angers Anant and he kills Rama Shetty and then surrenders voluntarily to the Police for any punishment. Jyotsna tries to be supportive and suggests he consider another career.  According to film expert Rajesh Subramanian, Amitabh Bachchan was first offered the lead role. The superstar, due to tight schedule, declined it. Om Puri was cast as Anant Welankar and it went on become a career defining role.'] ["The story revolves around the protagonist or the 'Nayee Padosan'  who has shifted into a new locality. Her simplicity, righteousness and no-nonsense attitude are qualities any man would want his life partner to possess. Three different boys Raju , Raja  and Ram  from different backgrounds, characteristics and eventually modus operandi are swept head over heals in love with the girl. What follows next is a laugh riot, in the way the three eligible bachelors try and get themselves acquainted and eventually outwit one another to get the girl. The film takes a sudden turn when a new entry Prabhu  that happens to be a favourite with both the girl and her family shatters the hopes of the three eligible bachelors. Nothing seems to stop the inevitable. The battle seems lost for the three hapless boys. The film goes through various emotional graphs where the three boys have their individual shares of gains and losses vis-a-vis their competitors. The girl doesn't reveal her feelings until a certain change of events makes her realise whom she really loves and would want to spend the rest of her life with."] ['Arush Mehra  lives a fairly wealthy lifestyle in Sydney, Australia with roommates Tanmay Joglekar  and Ali Haider . He works for a popular dance club, while Tanmay entertains children as \'Eddy Teddy\' and Ali takes care of their apartment. All three are womanizers and usually end up sleeping with different women. One day, they find a baby girl outside their door with a note instructing them to take care of her, since she is the daughter of one of them. The three men go to all the women they dated and slept with, but none claim that this baby is hers. The men try to take care of Angel, but she becomes a huge pain, so they drop her off at a church. A big rainstorm occurs, and the baby develops an illness after being caught in the rain. The three men stay with Angel in the hospital, realizing how much they love her. She recovers, and the guys become changed men. They love her, pamper her, and grow a huge attachment towards her. One day, a woman named Isha  comes to take Angel back, claiming the baby to be her daughter. The guys are shocked as Arush tells them about his past. One year ago, Arush traveled to Delhi to attend his cousin Arjun\'s wedding. There, he met Isha Sahni, who also resides in Australia. He won her over and they spent night with each other. Shortly after, Isha caught him in a compromising situation with Devika Sharma , Isha\'s friend, so the couple split up. Arush returned to Sydney and forgot about the incident. The guys find it very difficult to live without Angel. Arush ends up challenging Isha to marry someone faithful within seven days who will accept Angel: If she\'s unsuccessful, she will have to give Angel back to him. They sign a contract to make the deal final. The men worry that they might lose the bet since Isha is very beautiful and wealthy. Arush makes a plan to win Isha and Angel back with the help of Ali, Tanmay and Isha\'s father. His attempts fail and Isha decides not to marry him. On the same day, Tanmay/Eddy Teddy meets her at the fair. After seeing his affection towards kids, Isha decides he will be good for Angel and her. A few days later, Isha finds out the truth and plans to fly with Angel on her private jet, since she was fooled and has lost the deal. Tanmay and Ali take the contract with them, as well as phoning the police. Just as the police are about to take Angel away from Isha, Arush tears up the contract and allows Isha and Angel to go. While they are parting, Angel says her first word: "Dada". Arush, Tanmay and Ali are upset until their bell rings the next day. They are amazed to find Angel at their doorstep. A few moments later, Isha turns up, telling Arush that it was very hard for them both to forget him. She agrees to marry him and the three are reunited.'] ["Kabir  is an engineering student who has been studying engineering for the last ten years. He is a carefree lifestyle guy, which involves partying with friends and not caring about his responsibilities. And one cold winter night on way back to home at VT station in Mumbai he meets a drunk Kuhu . Kabir thinks that his lifelong dream of having a girlfriend has come true, but for Kuhu he’s just a loser she wants to take for a ride. She makes him dance around in circles, run semi naked, ride cycles without seats, wear high heeled ladies shoes and so on. Kuhu, who is coping with a personal crisis, feels that the only way she can overcome it is to put someone else through misery. Kabir becomes the guinea pig and has to cope with the insane demands and tantrums of Kuhu. Initially wary of Kuhu, Kabir slowly eases up to her and understands her feelings. The story takes a turn when Kabir discovers the true meaning of Kuhu's actions, and their implications follow."] ['The sequel is chronologically set two years after the original film. Anita Rajan , CEO of an international electrical power firm based in London, holds a meeting with Mike Rajan , her father and boss and Hassan Qazi, as a seemingly shady adviser and facilitator; regarding an ambitious proposal to set up a multi-million dollar power plant in rural parts of the state of Maharashtra in India. Qazi states that this project will be impossible due to possible political entanglements. When Anita asks him for a solution, Qazi states that enlisting the support of Subhash Nagre  , who he describes as a criminal in the garb of a popular and influential political leader, might help their cause. The resulting socio-political drama forms the crux of the story.'] ["The plot is set in the 1940s in a village of Travancore, British India. Kaliyappan, the last hangman of Travancore dynasty is dragging his remaining life by consuming alcohol and worshipping the Mother Goddess. The reason for this self-destruction is the remorse born out of the feeling that the last man he hanged was an innocent. While pulling on his life by boozing, worshiping the Goddess and treating people with the ash obtained by burning the hanging rope, one day the King's messenger once again arrive with the Kings order of appointing him for executing a convict termed as 'a killer, proved beyond doubt'. He leaves to the jail with his Gandhian, freedom fighter son to assist him in his job. As a tradition, the hangman has to spend the eve of the execution awake. When alcohol fails to keep Kaliyappan awake, the jailer starts telling a 'spicy tale' to keep him awake, the tale of a 13 year old girl raped and killed by her own brother-in-law and an innocent musician boy convicted for this charge. When Kaliyappan comes to know the condemned person he is about to hang is that very same musician boy, he breaks down. The job of executing the convict is passed on to his assistant, his son. The Gandhian, freedom fighter son completes the job. His motivations are not spelt out, but the choice of title hints that the son perhaps punishes the father by reminding him that any of his prior executions may have been a farce just like this one. Just like the witch hunter's wife in Mahabharata, the son's sense of punishment completely ignores the innocent victim who would be executed. We are reminded that what we think of something as just may not always be so."] ["The film begins with Apu's family getting settled in an apartment close to a ghat in Benares. Here Apu  makes new friends. While his mother Sarbajaya  stays at home, his father Harihar  works as a priest. On a Diwali day, Harihar develops a fever and rests, as Apu comforts him. The next day, he leaves for his work as usual towards the ghat, ignoring his wife's advice to rest. While coming back to home, he collapses on the stairs of the ghat, and dies soon afterwards.  In Harihar's absence, it becomes Sarbajaya's responsibility to earn money for the family. She starts working as a maid. A relative invites them to return to their ancestral village in Dewanpur . They settle in a village called Mansapota. Apu asks his mother to send him to a school. Apu studies diligently and receives a scholarship to go to Calcutta . Sarbajaya does not want to let her son leave. She gives in and helps him prepare to leave. Apu  starts working at a printing press after school. Sarbajaya expects visits from him, but Apu manages to visit only a few times and feels out of place in Mansapota. Sarbajaya becomes seriously ill, but does not disclose her illness to Apu. One day while waiting for him, she hears his voice at the doorstep and goes to see him, but finds only the noise of monkeys in the trees and a pond of fireflies as she begins fainting. When Apu finally comes to know about her poor health, he leaves for the village and finds that she has already died. A relative requests him to stay back there and to work as a priest. Apu rejects the idea. He returns to Calcutta and performs the last rites for his mother there."] ['In the glitzy entertainment capital of Mumbai as dusk descends, actress Sana Azim  slits her wrists in a hotel room, in an attempt to kill herself. When this news reaches film-maker Aditya Garewal , he is devastated. Aditya has been searching for Sana, who was intensely involved with Aditya and who had mysteriously disappeared from his life without any explanation, three years ago, only to surface now in what could be the last moments of her life. As Aditya waits outside the ICU, praying to be reunited with her, he is hurled back into the perfumed days and champagne nights of his memory, wherein Sana played the role of a lover and mentor to a struggling Aditya. Everything was perfect, except for an enemy which lurked in the shadows, waiting to destroy their love. When Aditya realizes that the only way he can save Sana from total devastation is to take her away from Bollywood and the vested interests that threaten to destroy her completely, he runs away with Sana putting his career on the line. Those moments lived in the sanctuary of their love are like an oasis in the desert. Until one day, suddenly, she disappears, leaving him with unanswered questions. Aditya tries his best to save Sana from her mental illness but fails.'] ["Raj & Priya meet each other after both of their dreams have been shattered. They find an infant & realize that he has been dumped there by someone. They take pity on him, but after seeing a missing persons ad, they realize that the baby is the only son of Sonia Chang, a millionairess in Goa. The ad says that they will get a lot of money if they return the son back. They both need the money so they decide to return the baby to her. Sonia lives in a huge mansion, with Mr. & Mrs.Lobo, her servants. She is discussing the change in her will with her lawyer Mr.Dixit, when the duo inform her about her baby. Sonia is overjoyed to learn this & calls them to Goa. Meanwhile, her casino is hosting some interesting people. One of them is Natwar, a notorious gambler who has come along with his wife Gracy. Natwar has pawned his hotels to Sonia & has only one hotel left in his posssession. When he loses money, he is forced to pawn the last hotel too. He keeps this a secret, but Gracy knows the fact. Another person is KK who has come along with his wife Ruby. There is also a playboy named Rocky among them, who is a big hit with ladies, even Sonia. Raj & Priya come to Goa, where they run into a drunkard loitering near the mansion. The drunkard runs away on seeing them. The duo are surprised to see the mansion to be in dark, since they expected Sonia to be waiting for them. They enter the mansion & call for Sonia. When she doesn't answer, they realize that something is wrong. On seeing the state of the house, they realize that Sonia has been robbed, but are later horrified to see Sonia dead. The duo run, but with police on heels, Raj tells Priya to run away. Karan arrests Raj, whereby Raj tries to shield Priya. Priya does the same & soon the duo become prime suspects. Karan starts interrogating other people and realizes that almost everybody has a shaky alibi. Soon everybody starts lying for one reason or other. Nevertheless, this results in everybody's lie falling apart. Karan is able to reconstruct what actually happened that night. Based on Mr. Dixit's statement about the will & everybody's statement, Karan is able to find the truth. First, he procures the drunkard, whom Raj & Priya believe to be the murderer. But, Karan goes on to explain that he is in fact, the kidnapper. Karan goes on to explain that the kidnapper was hired by someone to kidnap the baby & leave it somewhere it won't be found. The masterminds thought that Sonia will be forced to change her will, but when the baby was rediscovered, they knew that Sonia had to be killed before being united with her baby. Hence, they murdered her, while other people incriminated themselves by fooling others to believe that it was robbery gone wrong. Based on the testimonies, Karan points out that only two persons had the motive: Mr. & Mrs.Lobo. He catches their lie too & arrests them. Everybody else is exonerated, while Raj & Priya decide to marry & adopt the baby."] ['Vikas Sagar  would go anywhere for a scoop, risk his life and limb to get an exclusive story that nobody else can. It is for this precise reason Vikas is a familiar face watched by six million viewer\'s weeknights on Aaj Tak news channel. Ambitious, popular and professional, Vikas is considered one of the most promising journalists in the business. It is also the reason Uwais Hussain , a senior producer at the controversial Istanbul based AL JOHARA, widely criticized as the mouthpiece of terrorists or as their network of choice, makes him an offer to head the channel\'s proposed Indian bureau for an outrageous salary and other perks. It is an offer he almost can\'t refuse because of the channel\'s controversial profile which ensures that it is seen by everyone globally, including the White House. It certainly would take Vikas\'s career to another level not only does he become the highest paid journalist in India but also puts him on an international platform. But there is one condition that the head hunters from AL JOHARA insist he must join ASAP and then fly to Istanbul for a three month orientation programme. Their offer couldn\'t have come at a better time for Vikas, who\'s undergoing a painful divorce with wife Anjali , an equally feisty journalist whose desire to have a baby leads to their separation because her husband wants her to wait a little longer and seems to be in no mood to start a family. While Al Johara dangles the temptation of kickstarting their India operations, Vikas accepts the offer largely to mend his broken heart. But little does Vikas know that his life is about to change when he takes the flight to Istanbul on a three month orientation program at the channel\'s headquarters. While Al Johara is one of the most viewed channels in the world, its reputation has been largely built as the mouthpiece of a dreaded terrorist. Abu Nazir, who is on the most wanted lists of both the Interpol and FBI, is vociferous in his threat to wage war against several countries, including India. A threat he usually delivers via a videotape to Al Johara. On the flight Vikas finds himself seated next to a stunningly beautiful copassenger who hates flying. Lisa Lobo  is headed for Istanbul to attend a medical convention or so she claims. In her obvious discomfort, she turns to an amused Vikas for moral support and distraction from the reality of being airborne. It is a budding friendship that\'s grounded the moment the flight lands and Lisa disappears at the airport. Once in Istanbul, Vikas\'s initial impression of AL JOHARA is in sharp contrast to its notorious reputation. Especially when he meets the charismatic Ghazni , who has business interests all over the world but whose obsession these days is AL JOHARA as an instrument to shape world events. There is only one word of caution to Vikas and that\'s never ever to venture onto the 13th floor known as the Catacomb. As part of his orientation, Vikas gets handson experience in the AL JOHARA newsroom where he watches ghastly and exclusive news reports of terrorism. He learns more about Abu Nazir, who is described as "a oneman organization whose existence revolves around a single person." Vikas is told that it is extremely difficult to find out any details about his private life and his habits because such information would help the secret services who are looking for him. "Abu Nazir is cautious to the point of paranoia." Reeling under the impact of the reality bytes at work, Vikas\'s only relief is his flirtatious encounters with Lisa and the lively company of soldier-turned journalist Owais Hussain who is looking forward to quitting his job and settling down with his Irish girlfriend. But on an assignment to cover kidnapped journalists in one of Abu Nazir\'s terrorist camps in Afghanistan, Vikas is shocked when Abu Nazir\'s brother, Khalil , brutally executes Owais Hussain just before a UN peacekeeping force mounts a rescue operation. Reeling at this close encounter with terrorism and watching a brutal killing, Vikas returns to Istanbul in a daze and is approached by a former Turkish commando, Rizwan Khan , who hints that no senior employee has ever quit AL JOHARA and rattles off a list of AL JOHARA employees who had been killed in terrorist attacks within days of there being of rumours of their plans to quit or their resumes circulating in the job market! Vikas is quickly reminded of Owais Husain expressing the same to him. The stranger poses a few more questions about AL JOHARA like why Abu Nazir speaks only to AL JOHARA and leaves quietly. Vikas discreetly runs a check on the names rattled off by Rizwan and discovers he was indeed telling the truth. Five AL JOHARA staffers before Owais Husain had either died in a car bomb explosion, abducted and killed or simply found dead. It sends a chill through Vikas\'s spine. He slowly notices that not everything is as simple as they look in the offices of AL JOHARA, especially when he seems to bump into strangers whose faces he soon recognizes as suicide bombers in a couple of terrorist attacks. The deeper Vikas digs into AL JOHARA\'s history and operations, the more questions crop up in his mind. And then he makes the cardinal mistake of straying onto the 13th floor. Soon Vikas realizes that all is not what it seems and that he can\'t trust anyone not even Lisa! As he is tortured for straying onto the 13th floor, double crossed by Lisa and watches wife Anjali narrowly surviving a suicide bomb attack in Srinagar, Vikas has no choice but to ally with Rizwan after he makes a shocking revelation that Abu Nazir is dead but being kept alive by AL JOHARA through videotapes by using digital images of the terrorist and doctoring old footage. Thereafter Vikas Sagar finds himself creating news rather than reporting it as he steals the secrets locked away on Al Johara\'s 13th floor, incurs Ghazni\'s wrath and becomes a man on the run wanted by Turkish cops, terrorists, the CIA and Lisa Lobo! From wielding a mike before a television camera, he is forced to wield a gun and join Rizwan in a bloody mission against international terrorism.'] ["Shekhar , is a director. Raju  is his best friend, and also a struggling actor. One day, Raju steals Shekhar's script, and releases the movie on his own name. Raju then meets to Guru  who agrees to become Raju's secretary. Raju's film turns out to be an blockbuster. At this time, Shekhar's girlfriend Mansi  who is also an actress, leaves him. Therefore, Shekhar writes a new movie, and films it with Raju as the lead star, even though, Raju does not know he is being filmed. They record him, unknowingly, Raju starts to scream, mentally and physically. After he realises that he was being filmed, his life turns round. Shekhar releases the film, which goes on to be a blockbuster, Shekhar gets married to Mansi, Raju turns unpopular, and even Guru leaves his side. In the end, Raju is seen trying to steal someone elses script to sell, but gets caught."] ["After having tasted great success with soaps based on traditional families, a national TV network is getting into the next phase of programming - that is 'Reality TV' so they decide to go for the evergreen subject of marriages in Indian family. Channel asks their blue-eyed guy to produce the show. Asmi Ganatra , the first time director, and her team finds out that at present the only family in Mumbai that meets the programming brief is Joshi's. Joshi's are stunned when Asmi visits them with a request to cover the marriage for the TV network. Though the bride's father is willing to go along with the idea, but family's Mafia, consisting of old guard plays the card of family's pride, they Veto down the proposal. In the meanwhile, Asmi has discovered that Manoj Joshi , bride's youngest uncle, has fallen for her. Knowing very well that her career would be blocked if she is unable to pull off the deal with the bride's family, she lures him to an arrangement where a multi camera set-up is secretly installed in the huge house. Manoj realizes to his horror that he has opened a Pandora box. Unaware of hidden cameras, his family behaves true to themselves and slowly skeletons start tumbling out of the cupboard. The privacy of Joshi's family gets invaded by Candid cameras and incidents which should remain buried comes out in open and gives the Channel all sorts of maal masala  to increase their TRP Ratings."] ["The movie is a powerful story that deals with feminism and patriarchy in the middle class of India. It is shot in the present and past tense showing lives of the characters Mahender and Sudha as they lived together as well as separately. The movie starts with Mahender  getting down at the railway station and making his way to the waiting room just as it starts to rain heavily. A woman, Sudha , is already sitting in the waiting room. On seeing him, she tries to hide her face from him but later they confront each other. Mahender has an accomplished business dealing with photography. He respects his grandfather  immensely. Incidentally, he had been engaged to Sudha for 5 years but always made some excuse to delay their wedding. However, this time his grandfather has fixed the wedding on the first week of the following month. He reveals to Sudha that he is having an affair with one of the most radical representations of feminism in a girl called Maya . He returns to tell Maya, but Maya has disappeared, leaving him some poetry. Mahender then marries Sudha and is quite happy, but the sudden return of Maya causes tensions in their married life. Mahender frequently tells Sudha about all the beautifully poignant, loving and authentic things Maya did over the years that they lived together. Later, Maya tries to commit suicide, and this leads to Mahender spending time with her over a few weeks. Sudha, not knowing about Maya's suicide attempt and therefore believing that Mahender is being unfaithful to her, feels that her marriage was a mistake, and questions Mahender about his intentions. He then tells her strongly that he is going to bring Maya home to talk to her. Sudha is adamantly against this, but Mahender leaves with determination. However, Maya hears Sudha's anger on the phone and by the time Mahender reaches to pick her up, she has gone away. When he returns home without Maya, he finds that Sudha has also left. Mahender, unable to bear the shock, gets a heart attack. In the days and months that follow, he is looked after by Maya. Sudha continues as a teacher in Panchgani. As time passes, Mahender is beginning to feel convinced that it is time for him to bring Sudha back home. But then he gets Sudha's letter saying that she is releasing him from their marriage and that he is free to marry Maya. A sudden uncontrolled outburst from Mahender makes Maya realize that she was the cause for Sudha's departure and that Mahender missed Sudha deeply. Maya suddenly feels estranged at this abrupt change in their relationship and, in the night, rides off on her motorbike. Mahender rushes to follow her in his car to stop her, but then Maya's long scarf gets entangled in the back wheel of her bike, because of which she gets dragged off her bike and strangled to death. Sudha is deeply grieved on hearing about Maya's end. Later, as the time for their train approaches, Sudha's husband  bursts in unexpectedly to pick her up, and Mahender realizes with a shock that Sudha is now married. As Sudha's husband leaves the waiting room with her luggage, Mahender asks her to forgive him. She touches Mahender's feet as a plea for his forgiveness and for his permission  for her to leave him, something which she had not received the last time they had separated. Mahender grants her wishes, speaks well of her husband, and gives her his blessings for a happy life. Sudha's husband returns to see what is holding her up, and then, seeing Sudha's teary face, it dawns on him that this man must be her former husband. The movie ends with Sudha and her husband moving on along the platform, and Sudha hanging back a little and looking back tearfully and with great regret, as if she does not want to leave, while Mahender stands outside the waiting room looking on forlornly as she recedes from him."] ["Raju , Winnie , Udhayan  and Cherry  who are close friends forms a music troupe. In the meantime, Raju starts an affair with a young girl named Jyothi ([[Ananya . But one day jyothi left hostel without telling anything to Raju. Winne's parents try to get her married off to a Police Officer named Aniyan . Even though this marriage doesn't takes place, something drastic happens. They now has to face Aniyan, who confronts them as a police officer."] ["The story starts with Chandru ([[Vivek  cheating most people in and around Ooty of their money due to his childish ventures. Though he hails from a rich family, he is unable to maintain the wealth because of his bad luck and unconcerned life style. He has a friend Rakesh  who is a farm lord and a rich young man. Vivek saved Rakesh's life when he spotted him on a roadside accident on the hill side which he uses as a leverage for favours from the kind-hearted Rakesh. One day Chandru's grandfather comes to Ooty to stay for two months, thinking that Chandru owns large mansion and lots of land and money. The grandfather who is very rich is an ex-military man. Chandru, afraid to confront the truth to his grandfather, convinces Rakesh to act so that all of Rakesh's property as his and that Rakesh is his partner but he introduces to them as a manager. Rakesh angered by all this lying threatens to confront Chandru's relatives but is convinced again by Chandru to stay calm. With the grandfather, five girls come, all of them well educated, smart and good looking. The last girl, Bala , is the most favored and most fun. She is seen dull and nonchalant when she arrives, later has fun with the others. They have run-around with Rakesh who is irritated by them all. Later when Bala learns that all the property is not his cousin Chandru's but Rakesh's she apologises and they become friends. However, this soon becomes love for Rakesh, eventually he proposes to Bala. Bala becomes sober &mdash; she says that she likes him, but says that she's already married to a guy named Deva. She doesn't explain further. Later Rakesh sees someone at night in the estate. He beats him up and Bala tells him that the unknown guy is actually Deva's  friend and Deva is going to die. Bala then explains how she fell for Deva: Deva is a professor at the college which Bala has joined. She learns that, though Deva is violent, he has no choice &mdash; her college is in very bad situation as it is planned to be sold, as it is a real estate gold mine. The board members and the management of that institution are for this selling as they are promised money. He behaves very violently and beats up the students who are gangsters sent in to disrupt normal college activities by conducting strikes. Eventually Deva is overwhelmed and is made to resign. He wants revenge and punishment for the guy who did this so he throws a small dynamite to immobilize the enemy's vehicle and injure him so that he wouldn't leave the country. All turns bad when a bus filled with children come next to his vehicle and the bomb kills many. Filled with remorse and regret, he accepts all charges and is given the death sentence. After telling this, Bala confirms that she will kill herself the day when Deva is executed. Rakesh meets with Deva and convinces him to talk to Bala. Deva meets up with Bala and tells her that he has been lying about him and has not considered her to be a lover but as one among the many girls who fell for his charm. He lies so that Bala will change her mind to not kill herself but is not able to continue doing this. When he turns back to see Bala, she's gone, hearing only the first part in which Deva says he has cheated her into being his wife. Rakesh thanks Deva and leaves. Back home Bala determines to work hard and do more for her family and refuses the marriage. When they all leave after the vacation Rakesh meets Bala and asks her whether she would change her mind someday and comeback or at least stay as his friend as he has no one. The train starts before she could give an answer. Bala gets down from the moving train and hugs Rakesh expressing her love for him."] ["The story revolves around a male Kathakali dancer Kunhikuttan , an admirable and respected performer but a member of a lower caste. He struggles to come to terms with the rejection and estrangement of his father, a member of an upper caste who disapproves of his son. Poor, unhappy, and stuck in an arranged marriage that provides no relief, he gets by for the sake of his daughter. One night, whilst performing as Arjuna from the epic Mahabarata on stage, his dance is witnessed by Subhadra , a well educated member of an upper caste family. Defying the norms of India's rigid caste system, they have a son, but it soon becomes clear that Subhadra loves the character Arjuna from his stage performances, and not Kunhikuttan the dancer. More in love with the valiant, noble hero of the Mahabarata, than the dancer Kunhikuttan, she rejects him and refuses to let him see his son. Denied access to his son, and rejected by his father, Kunhikuttan returns to the stage, leaving behind his hero roles to play demonic characters, reaching within the dark corners of his mind, becoming increasingly resentful and full of anger, until one last dance which brings the feature to a stunning end."] ["Sivakasi alias Muthappa  is a do-gooder in Chennai who works as a welder there. He enjoys life with his friends and forgets the past he left behind. He falls in love with a rich girl Hema  and her family accepts him as an honest and good man at heart. One day, he lashes out at his lover's brothers and Hema yells at him. Sivakasi gives her one slap and tells her that he was not the way he currently is. He tells her about his past. Muthappa was a good boy who lived in a village named Nattarasan Kottai and who followed his parents orders. His elder brother Udayappa  who was a crook even as a child, tells him to get some fireworks for the village Deepavali festival. Muthappa obeys and Udayappa lights the firework. A woman stands on top of the bursting firecracker and begins to burn. She begs for life because of the pain she feels. His father  interrogates his two sons. Udayappa tells Muthappa to not tell that it was him. Muthappa is left in awkward silence. Udayappa screams to the village that it was Muthappa. Their father thrashes Muthappa and disowns him. Muthappa is thrown out of the village and leaves for Chennai. Ashamed and no longer knowing who he is, Muthappa decides to make friends with locals in Chennai and gains their respect. After hearing all this, Hema is shocked as she never knew Muthappa's horrific past. She tells him to go back home and then only she will marry him. Sivakasi leaves for his village and realizes how much has changed over the years. His father is now dead. His brother, now a MLA, has gained notoriety, and treats his mother  and younger sister  very badly. After finding out the pitiable condition of his mother and sister, he decides to teach a lesson to Udayappa. He does not reveal his true identity to them. Udayappa also does not know that Sivakasi is his brother. With the support of Sivakasi and his mother, his sister decides to contest against Udayappa. After several humiliations to Udayappa, the latter fights Sivakasi and throws him out of the village. Sivakasi returns to the village the next day and continues to support his sister in the election by exposing the misdeeds of Udayappa. In the election, his sister wins by a huge margin, Udayappa losing his deposit. His mother-in-law, who was his mentor, takes away his wife  in rage for losing the election and Udayappa is ruthlessly beaten up by her goons. Udayappa, having terrorised the village people for so long, now begs for someone to help him. Sivakasi goes to his rescue and kills all the goons except for the mother-in-law. He reveals who he is to the whole village. Udayappa begs for Sivakasi's forgiveness and they both embrace and reconcile. Hema comes and informs everybody that she and Sivakasi will marry. Udayappa and the rest of the village humorously beat Sivakasi and the marriage between Sivakasi and Hema takes place. Everyone is proud of Sivakasi and the village embrace him as their hero."] ["Ram  and Sadhana  are a married couple. They live happily together. He is a graduate, and works as an administrator in a big company. Their marriage comes to an end when Ram betrays Sadhana with her best friend Shivani. Ram confesses the truth as he gets drunk, and tries to explain himself, and even her family tries to convince her to condone this one little mistake, but Sadhana cannot forgive him his unfaithfulness and they break up. After their divorce, Sadhana finds out that she is pregnant. She moves into her new home. Ten years later, they meet each other in a bus. Coincidentally, Ram's new house is close to Sadhana's in the same neighborhood. Now when they're neighbours, Ram tries to captivate her again and return his family and wife. He gets close to his son Raju. Will Sadhana forgive him his one and only mistake?"] ['Veera Shankar  falls in love with Arti  at the first sight. But he is supposed to marry the daughter of a Rayalaseema factionist Bakka Reddy Kondavalasa Lakshmanarao. Bakkanna summons goon to finish off Arti. Veera Shankar travels to Bangkok for a bit of fresh air. He stays in a hotel owned by Telugu people. There he finds a flurry of interrelated weird incidents happening around him. And all of these incidents are somehow connected to Veera Shankar. The rest of the film is all about how these weird Telugu characters find solace.'] ["Seenu ([[Ram  enjoys fights right from his childhood. He appreciates violence. He wants to be like Manikyam , who was a goonda, as everyone, including his teacher, is afraid of him. When all the boys wanted to become doctors, engineers, lawyers and other professionals, Seenu wants to become a goonda. Though he behaves like a ruffian, he comes to know that one should have the support of a politician or a big dada. With the help of Laddu  an associate of Manikyam, Seenu meets the latter and joins his gang. At this juncture, Seenu falls in love with Subbalakshmi . As she pleads with Seenu to help her friend's father, Seenu agrees to settle a land deal. But the land was under illegal occupation of Manikyam's gang member. As he promised to settle the deal, Seenu opposes Manikyam. This makes Seenu a hero, and he also starts doing settlements on his own. Once, Seenu agrees to help an industrialist, whose quarry was occupied by Yadav , with the support of Manikyam. As things go out of control, Seenu decides to kill Yadav. However, he could not kill him but Seenu's young brother, who also likes fighting scenes, takes the gun and kills Yadav. Seenu appeals to the police commissioner  to mediate with Manikyam, but his men kill Seenu's brother. This irks Seenu who severely thrashes Manikyam, but spares him. Seenu realizes that violence is not the way to go. When Manikyam attacks him, he kills him in self-defense. The film ends on a happy note, with Seenu leaving all the dadagiri and leads a normal life."] ['Dr .Murali Krishanan ([[Mukesh , the most successful dentist in the city is more interested in having female associations, more than often. He hides them from his wife Teresa ([[Sukanya , even by assigning male names for them in his mobile. One fine day he is in a tight corner with his wife raiding his mobile contacts, and for evading the conflicts associated, he walks out of her life even leaving his daughter Lakshmi  . The second family, Pithambaran ([[Vijayaraghavan  and his wife Premila ([[Mohini  with their lovely children Malavika and Madhavan are leading a good life. But due to increased possessiveness for his wife, Pithambaran returns home from gulf throwing away his good job, and starts escorting his wife all along. He even develops inferiority complex which further complicates things for Premila, ultimately resulting in continuous fights and separation. And in the third family, Rehna  is not able to continue with her lawyer profession due to the orthodox attitude of her husband and his family. She too walks out of his life, and starts working independently. Into the lives of these three ladies who starts living separately arrives, G K alias Gopakumar , a garment exporter. He has bought the house where Teresa is staying away from her husband Muralikrishnan. Now left in a difficult situation which does not allow G K, to throw out Teresa and her daughter, to establish his office, Gopakumar is trying newer ways to get the couple together. And in the process he meets the other similar ladies who happen to be friends of Teresa. The film follows how G K with his fashion designer Kamala  and land Broker Immanuel ([[Innocent , succeeds in getting the feuding couples back to lives of reunion.'] ["Cheeni Kum focuses on Buddhadev Gupta . Buddhadev is the 64-year old chef and owner of London's top Indian restaurant, Spice 6. He lives with his 85-year old mother, and his only friend and confidante is his 9-year old neighbour, Sexy . Buddhadev Gupta is an arrogant, ego-centric, pompous man with a singular passion in life—cooking. He is a confirmed bachelor who has never been in love until 34-year old Nina Verma ([[Tabu  walks into his restaurant and life. Nina is a beautiful and charming Indian woman. Cool, calm, quiet, always smiling, but independent and strong willed. The two extreme in age, character, and attitude meet and against all odds fall in love. They decide to get married, and, like any Indian man, Buddhadev respectfully comes to ask Nina's father, Omprakash Verma , who is a true Gandhian, living in Delhi, for her hand. The main problem here is the fact that Omprakash is 6 years younger than Buddhadev."] [' Nil Nirjane is set in a holiday resort where several people have come to spend their weekend. An interesting urban milieu far away from the humdrums of Kolkata is created in the film where we see an unwed mother with an adolescent daughter, a widower father with an adolescent daughter and an unwed couple. While relationships among unknown people start developing, the manager of the resort leads a slow life and gets entangled with a tribal girl. Suddenly Cactus band group arrives in the resort to shoot for their music video album and the serenity of the place is disturbed… The film starts with a music video-like title, where the glimpses of the movie to follow is showcased. Immediately after that June along with his boy-friend Aman enters the holiday resort looking for a room to stay. In the resort we already find the single-mother, played by Moonmoon Sen with her daughter, played by real-life daughter Raima Sen. Mou, along with her father are also there to spend the weekend. A friendship develops between Mou and Raima, which gradually emerges as a lesbian entanglement. In the milieu, the characters start interacting with each other. Cactus, the rock band from Kolkata arrives for shooting a music video and the place is filled with songs, which emerge in the film in music-video format. Meanwhile, the June-Aman duo, sensing that relationship is not going to last long go for a suicide pact. People in the resort save them from dying and finally leaves for the city, leaving the resort in its original serenity.'] ["Ab Dilli Dur Nahin is the story of a journey in search of justice. Hariram, a poor labourer, loved his wife and son Rattan so much that he lavished them with all the comforts of life even though it meant he was constantly in debt. Harimam's life fell apart when he lost his wife. So grief-stricken was he that he even lost his job due to poor attendance. Misery drove him to seek solace in alcohol. When drunken Hariram reached home he found his son crying as an evil loan shark Sethji had beaten him up. In a fit of rage Hariram went to Sethji's house and nearly killed him but for the timely intervention of Mukunda who also owed Sethji money. Hariram left, but not before threatening to kill Bhola Seth. That night while Hariram was asleep next to where his wife had been cremated and Mukunda broke into Sethjis house to steal his valuables. When Sethji tried to stop him he killed Sethji. Hariram was found guilty for this murder and sent to Delhi to await his death sentence. His distressed son, Rattan, not knowing how to save his innocent father meets Ghaseeta a pickpocket who had seen Hariram asleep in the crematorium. He relates the story to the police but they question his credibility. Uneducated Ghaseeta decides to go to Delhi with Rattan to plea Hariram's case before Pt. Nehru. Mukunda fears for his life and follows in pursuit of the child and his witness. A race begins between Rattan and the pickpocket and the real culprit as he attempts to stop them too."] ["A series of child abduction and murders have left the police force perplexed who are unable to solve the case. Hence the case is handed over to CBI, who designate trainee Preet Oberoi  to solve the case. After some investigation the evidence points towards Lajja Shankar Pandey , a religious fanatic who believes in the sacrifice of children to gain immortality. Pandey's erratic behavior and Preet's traumas  forces Preet to seek help from a prisoner, an unjustly implicated genius by the name Professor Aman Varma . At first he's rude towards Preet and refuses to help her, but with some help she manages to sway him into helping her. The case gets even more tough as she finds out that the Home Minister's only child has been kidnapped by Pandey. Preet cannot handle the pressure alone due to her traumatic childhood and her phobias, also she faces opposition from the local police partly because of Varma's methods. As they begin to spend more time together, he helps her overcome her fears and they both fall in love with each other. They both eventually track down Pandey, who is about to begin the last sacrifice on the day of a solar eclipse  which will finally help him attain the unattainable Immortality. Aman and Preet eventually save the child, killing Pandey in the process, but Aman is seriously hurt and is on the brink of death. Preet and Aman share a last kiss and he dies in her arms. Preet is given a hero's welcome and she finds a new sense of life in herself."] ["13 year old Rajesh Naidu arrives at Rockford Boy’s High School. Having left home for the first time he is a bit sad. Rajesh's best friends are Selva, a good spirited boy, and David, an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart. The captain of the school - Raja, hates Rajesh. At school, Rajesh experiences the joy and agony of living in an all male boarding school, learning to fend for himself without the safety net of his parents. There he befriends PT Instructor Johnny Matthew, who teaches Rajesh a lot of lessons of life. One day the school arranges a fete in which the girls also participate every year, and all the boys are to propose at least one girl. Rajesh is least interested, but goes anyway on Selva's insistence. Unfortunately, David gets hurt and cannot go to the fete. Hence he tells Rajesh to give a card to Malathi, a student from the girls school. But Malathi becomes attracted to Rajesh which David takes in his stride easily. On Rajesh's birthday, Mr. Matthew pretending to be Malathi's uncle, brings her out of the school to meet Rajesh. This information is then passed on to the headmaster, Brother Lawrence. Shravya, Malati's friend also accompanies them. Malathi and Rajesh spends some time together, sharing their first kiss. Shravya and Mr. Matthew go together for an Ice-Cream. She then accuses Johnny of having assaulted her when they were alone, which is in fact a lie fabricated by Raja. Brother Lawrence, believing the lie to be true asks Mr. Matthew to resign from the school. Rajesh gets bewildered by this and fights Raja with the help of David, and makes him confess the truth in front of Brother Lawrence. Johnny Matthew then gets reinstated and everything ends well."] ["Arun Prajapati  has been trying to be a successful TV anchor, but success has always eluded him. He blames God  for this lack of success. Arun is head over heels in love with Aaliya Khanna, who is a TV anchor and a well-known star working in the same channel, but he has never been able to express his love for her. When Rocky  is appointed as an anchor for the channel, Arun starts believing that Rocky will win Aaliya. Later, Arun is sacked from the channel. He has nobody to blame but God Himself, whom he later meets in person. An argument ensues between the two, at the end of which God then decides to give Arun the power over all things for ten days, wherein Arun may prove that he is a better operator of the universe. Arun then uses this power to put Rocky into an uneasy spot and win Aaliya's heart. After God scolds him for only making things better for himself, Arun starts listening to people's prayers. He later realizes that considering each person's wishes individually would be too time-consuming, so to save time and effort he grants everybody's wishes, including the wish of criminals to be free, and the Rocky's wish that Aaliya marries him. He later asks God why is everything happening towards him. God explains it is his own fault and that everyone cannot blame Him for this. Arun feels bad, but God forgives him and starts his life over again. During the game show, he tricks Rocky into lying about loving Aaliya Khanna, and Aaliya turns on him. Arun wins the heart of Aaliya."] ['Eight police officers who are supposed to bring accused Muslim terrorist Dr. Iqbal Ansari  back from Chandangarh to Mumbai, are shot dead in cold blood by an unknown gang, assumed to be Islamic terrorists. The gang seems determined to free Dr. Iqbal Ansari from the government custody. The gang is led by Yashwant Angre , a ruthless killer and a former police officer. The police chief decides to send a team of five able police officers to bring him so that he may appear in court for a hearing. Deputy Commissioner of Police Anant Shrivastav , a policeman on the verge of retiring from his failing career possibly because he never succumbed to corruption and other social interests. He accepts the mission, thinking that he will finally be recognized and finish his career by being promoted to Police Commissioner is assigned to escort Dr. Iqbal Ansari to Mumbai as the leader of the Police Chief\'s team. DCP Shrivastav\'s team consists of Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma , a corrupt cop, without any morality, rookie Sub-Inspector Ashwin Gupte  and two constables, Kamlesh Sawant and Mhatre. A woman named Mahalakshmi  joins them for her protection, as she is the only witness to have seen Angre. The team is armed with traditional Indian police weapons and ready to go, but danger lurks everywhere as the gang is determined to make sure the police team with Dr. Iqbal Ansari does not make it to Mumbai. The mission turns into a battle for survival when the team is attacked at various points during the journey through arid landscapes and tiny villages. When the team reaches an abandoned cottage in a forest en route, there is another shoot-out with gang members and the team finds itself heavily outnumbered. Against DCP Anant Shrivastav and Inspector Ashwin Gupte\'s judgment, Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma tries to force an exchange of Dr. Iqbal Ansari in return for their lives. At this point, Ansari breaks down and reveals that the gang is not planning on freeing him, but instead on killing him after they use him. He goes on to reveal that he knows the whereabouts of a certain file which will reveal the true face of Minister Deodhar , a high-ranking politician. The file with Dr. Iqbal Ansari\'s testimony could destroy the politician who built his career on inciting Hindu-Muslim religious antagonisms. So, Minister Deodhar is using the gang under Yashwant Angre to obtain the file in any circumstances. He was framed as an "Islamic terrorist" when he threatened to expose the file. At this point, Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma\'s intentions change dramatically and he plans an escape from the cottage. The plan is successful and they manage to get out and get Ansari, who is injured in the encounter with the gang, to a nearby hospital in the fictitious city of Nairoli. And due to a slip-up by ACP Naidu , who is DCP Anant Shrivastav\'s senior, DCP Shrivastav figures out that he was the mole leaking the information about their whereabouts to the gang. At this point, Minister Deodhar, the politician using the organization lead by Yashwant Angre, and ACP Naidu come up with a plan to turn citizens against the police team by declaring in a press conference that the police team has gone "rogue" and is now protecting Dr. Iqbal Ansari on the directions of Pakistan\'s Inter-Services Intelligence. Seeing the news on television, several locals gather at the hospital and threaten to barge inside. DCP Anant Shrivastav confronts them and urges them to have faith in his team, and not go by what they hear on television. The police team then commissions a train to take them from Nairoli Railway Station to Mumbai. However, once again the gang arrives at the station and there is another shoot-out. The cops manage to get Ansari on board the train, but Constable Kamlesh Sawant  dies trying to divert the attention of the gunmen. After reaching Mumbai, Dr. Iqbal Ansari is again taken to a hospital, where he is declared dead. This is a severe jolt to the efforts and reputation of DCP Shrivastav\'s team. However, the team manage to unearth another piece of evidence against Minister Deodhar and ACP Naidu; the old file containing incriminating details against them, hidden away by a now-killed journalist in a locker in Mumbai\'s General Post Office. Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma and Mahalakshmi  manage to find the file, but Yashwant Angre confronts them as they attempt to leave. Shekhar Verma gives the file to Mahalakshmi and asks her to take it to DCP Anant Shrivastav, and engages Yashwant Angre and his men to allow her to escape. At this point, it is revealed that Mahalakshmi is actually an agent of Yashwant Angre, her mission being to leak the whereabouts of the file to the police team and collect information on their plans to retrieve it. Mahalakshmi kills Shekhar Verma, who believed she was in love with him— but not before exposing Mahalakshmi\'s reality to DCP Shrivastav, unbeknownst to her and Yashwant Angre. DCP Shrivastav and his team hunt down Angre by following Mahalakshmi, and capture him after a fight. Mahalakshmi is killed during the encounter, when Angre uses her as a protective shield against the gunfire. The police are also able to retrieve the file indicting Minister Deodhar. Armed with compelling evidence in the form of the file, the court is able to convict Yashwant Angre, Minister Deodhar, and ACP Naidu. On the way to prison, Angre sees that the bolts holding his handcuffs are actually loose. Breaking free, he grabs a rifle and attacks the constables in the van. Sub-Inspector Ashwin jumps out of the van to find Angre holding a constable hostage. Angre goes to shoot Ashwin and the constable, but then sees that the gun has no bullets and throws down the gun and raises his hands behind his head in an act of surrendering. Ashwin then takes out his pistol and shoots Angre twice, and shows him the screws of the bolts,indicating that they were purposely removed for Angre to try to escape. He then shoots Angre, . The film ends with Ashwin ringing the department and saying that Angre was killed in a fake encounter while trying to fire at the policemen and escape from custody.'] ["Ganga Singh live in Gangotri with her brother, Karam. One day she comes to the assistance of a young man, Narendra Sahay, who has come with a group of Calcutta-based college students to study the source of the holy river Ganga, and to get some holy water for his wheelchair-bound paternal grandma. Both are attracted to each other, and on the next Puran Mashi get married, and spend the night in close intimacy. Narendra leaves, but promises Ganga that he will be back soon. Months go by, but he does not return. She gives birth to a son, and as soon she is able to, she starts her journey to Alipor, Calcutta, to confront Narendra and ensure a better future for their son. At Rishikesh she is exploited by two women and a man, escapes and takes shelter in a crematorium. Then at Banaras, she is molested by a Pandit, rescued by the police and given a ticket to Calcutta. When she alights en-route to get water for her baby, the train leaves, and she falls into the clutches of a Manilal who feigns blindness and lures her to Rajeshwaribai's brothel near Banaras, where she is forced to stay so that she can provide food and shelter for her son. It is here she is introduced to powerful politician, Bhagwat Choudhary, who pays a hefty sum and asks Manilal to bring Ganga to Calcutta where he intends to keep her as his and Jeeva Sahay's mistress. What Ganga does not know is that Bhagwat's daughter, Radha, is Narendra's bride-to-be; that Jeeva is none other than Narendra's dad, and that soon she will asked to dance at his wedding reception"] ['Kandukondain Kandukondain opens with army commando Major Bala  fighting in a war and losing his left leg in a grenade explosion. After the opening credits, Sowmya ([[Tabu  and Meenakshi "Meenu"  are shown as the adult daughters of Pathma  living in a Chettiar mansion in Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu with their maternal grandfather Chandrasekhar , maidservant Chellatha  and younger sister Kamala . Sowmya is a school principal while Meenu is passionate about classic Tamil poetry, music and dance. Major Bala, one of the rich men in their village falls in love with Meenu, but Meenu falls in love with Srikanth ([[Abbas . Manohar  is a director who comes to Meenu\'s house for a film shoot. Sowmya and Manohar fall for each other but an issue crops up between the two and whether Manohar manages to win her back forms the rest of their part of the story. Chandrasekhar, on his deathbed, tries to say something about the will which was written by him and kept in a box, a long time ago. No one understands him. After his death, their lawyer breaks open the box and found out that he had bequeathed all his property to his younger son Swaminathan , remembering the fact that his elder daughter Pathma had eloped and married without his knowledge. Unable to bear Swaminathan\'s wife\'s arrogant behaviour upon inheriting the mansion, Sowmya and her family move to Chennai. In Chennai, Sowmya finds a respectable job in a software company while Meenu becomes a playback singer with the help of Major Bala. Meanwhile, Srikanth\'s finance company goes bankrupt and he has to pay back his investors. A minister offers to bail out Srikanth and his company if Srikanth marries his daughter. Srikanth agrees and when Meenu finds this out by chance, she is shocked and overwhelmed at Srikanth\'s hypocrisy. She falls into an open manhole and gets rescued by Bala. Realising Bala\'s true love for her, Meenu falls in love with him. Manohar\'s first movie project is in disarray and he is thrown out. He plans his own movie, a path-breaking action one with Nandhini Varma  as the heroine. Nandhini falls for Manohar\'s charm although not with any serious intentions. Rumours of an affair spread which hurt Sowmya deeply. The movie becomes a big commercial success. When he visits Sowmya\'s house in Chennai, he finds out that Sowmya is going to California. Tearful exchanges of resentment are exchanged between them as Manohar tries to convince Sowmya after some tearful drama.'] ["Dilip Roy  is a painter who is being tried for murdering his wife. He claims to have blacked out during a fight with her, but does not remember killing her. During the trial, he is sent to a mental hospital. He escapes from there and ends up at Sushma's ([[Nanda  house and holds her at gunpoint. He wants to spend the night there due to heavy storm. However, police are searching for him and they visit the house, as do many others. Dilip is able to evade all visitors by threatening Sushma. Things are going fine for him until he sees a dead body in the house ..."] ["The story is about Balu , who on a visit to his friend’s town, takes on the local dada Kasi . Balu, an engineering student, also falls in love with his friend’s sister Hema . Kasi, after being at the receiving end of Balu’s macho ways, is smarting under the rebuff. He thirsts for revenge. So when Balu goes back to his own city, Kasi also goes there to extract blood for blood. But Balu is from no ordinary family. His father Dorai  is himself a powerful leader in his domain. So taking out Balu is not such an easy task. But Kasi wants revenge at any cost. He befriends a local goon who is made an outcast by Dorai and they together plan to extract revenge. Meanwhile Balu's friend and his family visits his city as they are on a pilgrimage they meet Balu at the temple and accept his apology.He proposes to Hema and their love is accepted by their parents. The goons plan to extract revenge during the annual temple festival as they reason that it will be crowded and that Dorai and his henchmen will not be able to defend themselves .They attack but the events do not turn out in their favor. Finally Balu fights with Kasi and triumphs in the end."] ["The city of Kozhikode suddenly witnesses a massive communal riot, claiming 12 people. Madhukumar , a wildlife photographer witnessing a group of criminals transporting explosives through forest check post, calls up Shankar ([[Devan , the police commissioner and passes the information. Shankar asks him to wait for his guys who would pick him up. But instead of police, it was the same goons who came for him. Madhu is brutally murdered at the same night. Joseph Alex IAS , the aggressive and belligerent district collector is suspicious of the activities of city police commissioner and decides to investigate the case. He is assisted by ASP Prasad , another sincere officer, who also admires Joseph for his arrogant way of dealing politicians. Madhu's father  reaches out Prasad for filing a man missing complaint. Prasad finds out the body of Madhu in a decomposed stage with his camera, but the film missing. This leads to many suspicions. Jayakrishnan ([[Murali , the MP from Kozhikode, with strong international connections, is the main brain behind the massacre. He planned the communal violence to topple the government. He along with John Vargeese , the state minister and Kandanmkuzhi Thankachan  is also involved in several illegal real estate business under the cover of communal violence. Jayakrishnan, with his trusted lieutenant, Shankar, the commissioner of police, tries hard to topple the investigation. Dr. Vijay, the police medical surgeon, who conducted the autopsy of Madhu was found dead in a road accident on the next morning. Sanjay ([[Vijayaraghavan , a close buddy of Joseph during his Mussourie training days arrives in Kozhikode to investigate the murder of Dr.Vijay, who was also his brother. Joseph, along with Sanjay and Prasad finds out the conspiracies hatched by Jayakrishnan along with Vikram Khorpade, a Mumbai based underworld don. Jayakrishnan meanwhile is appointed as a cabinet minister in central ministry. Joseph Alex arrests Anathashakara Iyer , a left arm of Khorpade, who gives out important information against Khorpade, Jayakrishnan and Shankar. On the arrival at airport after sworn-in ceremony as cabinet minister, Jayakrishnan is about to get arrested by Joseph Alex. Shankar is suspended from police service with immediate effect and is taken away by IB team. Jayakrishnan, who loses temper, in a bid to escape shoots mercilessly at the crowd. But before fleeing from the spot, he is killed by Joseph Alex."] ["The story is of two British born Indians named Raj Malhotra  and Simran . Though having been brought up in Britain, Raj and Simran both value their Indian roots but the two have different parenting. Simran has been raised by her conservative father Baldev  whilst Raj's father  is more liberal. Simran has always dreamt of a boy she describes as Prince Charming, believing he is the one for her. Her mother Lajjo  warns her against this, saying these dreams will never come true. Baldev soon receives a letter from his friend Ajit  who lives in Punjab. Ajit wants to keep a promise he and Baldev made to each other 20 years ago&nbsp;— to make Simran marry Kuljeet, Ajit's son. Simran is disappointed by this news&nbsp;— she does not want to marry somebody who she has never met before. Meanwhile, Raj has failed his degree which surprisingly makes his father proud of him. Raj asks his father if he can go on the Eurail with his friends&nbsp;— a trip around Europe, his father automatically agrees. Later, Raj enters Baldev's shop and steals some beer which infuriates Baldev, making him call Raj a disgrace to Indians. Simran is also invited by her friends on the Eurail. Simran tells her father that she thinks she should be allowed to go because it will her last chance to see the world before she marries a complete stranger. Baldev lets her go but tells her not to betray his trust. On the Eurorail, Raj and Simran meet. Raj constantly flirts with Simran much to her irritation. Then, the two miss their train to Zurich and are separated from their friends. They start to travel with one another and become friends in the process. Raj falls in love with Simran&nbsp;— on the journey&nbsp;— and when they both part ways back in London, Simran also realises that she is in love with him, too. Simran tells her mother about Raj&nbsp;— Baldev overhears the conversation and is furious with Simran. He says they will leave for India the next day for good. Raj tells his father about Simran and that she is to be married soon. When Raj says he believes Simran loves him too, his father encourages him to go after her. Raj arrives at her house, only to find she has already left for India. In India, Baldev is delighted to be reuinted with Ajit as well as all his relatives. Simran and her younger sister, Chutki meet Kuljeet and instantly dislike him due to his arragonce. Simran still cannot forget Raj and is miserable about having to marry Kuljeet. Her mother tells her to forget him because she knows that Baldev will not accept it. Baldev vows that Simran will regret it if she does not forget Raj. The next morning, Simran runs out to the fields and finds Raj there. She begs him to take her and run away because she knows her father will never let them be together. Raj refuses and says he will only marry Simran with her father's consent. Raj befriends Kuljeet and is quickly accepted by his and Simran's family, all with the exception of Baldev who is still angry about Raj stealing from his shop. Soon Raj's father arrives in India and also becomes good friends with everyone. Raj and Simran hatch a number of plans in order to avoid her wedding to Kuljeet. Firstly, they make it look as though Simran cut her finger so she does not have to wear an engagement ring. Secondly, Simran pretends to faint during her Karva Chaud fast so that Raj can feed her later. Eventually Lajjo and Chutki realise that Raj is the one who Simran met in Europe. Lajjo tells Raj and Simran to run away&nbsp;— Raj still refuses. Baldev and Raj become good friends until Baldev discovers a photograph of Raj and Simran in Europe and realises Raj is the boy Simran had told them about. He openly insults Raj and tells him to leave the house and never come back. Raj arrives at the station. Kuljeet and his friends arrive and start to attack Raj, leaving him unconscious. Raj's father soon comes to Raj's defence and is also attacked, which motivates Raj to fight back. Eventually Baldev and Ajit arrive at the station and stop Raj, who boards the train with his father. Simran soon arrives with her mother and sister. She tries to join Raj on the train but Baldev stops her. Simran begs him to let her go, saying she cannot live without Raj. Baldev finally comes to his senses and realises that nobody can love his daughter more than Raj does. He motivates her to join Raj, which she does happily, while the train picks up speed."] ["Sundaram lives a contended life of a waiter with his mother. He falls in love with Radha who frequents the hotel he works and she is also the daughter of the owner of the hotel sundaram works in. Radha doesn't show much interest towards him. Sundaram ventures into movies with the help of his friend Raghavan. The rest of the movie is about how he excels in movies and whether he gets back his ladylove.{{Citation}}"] ["Ram  is a poor law student who supports his education with money orders from his mother and things he pawns. Whiles tuggling with his poor finances, he save a boy from accident. Seeing the poor condition of the boy's family he gives all his savings for the boy's treatment. Ram keeps visiting the boy and falls in love with the boy's elder sister Sohni . Sohni's father Gopal is addicted to liquor which Harbanslal keeps providing him with. Harbanslal has a mean motive in doing so as he wants marry Sohni. To prevent Sohni's arranged marriage with Harbanslal, Ram decides to rob the pawn broker. But he is caught in the act and he murders the pawn owner. Ram's conscience keeps telling him to admit his crime. But he never picks up the courage to do so. The Police Inspector on the case keeps suspecting Ram for the crime. But with no proof he too is helpless. Ram comes to know that police has already arrested another thief and have charged him with this robbery and murder. On the last day when the court is to rule in the case, Raj makes up his mind and admits. He pleads saying how he was acting in self-defense against real villains of the society. The court sentences him for 3 years of imprisonment. Sohni promises him that she will wait for his release and then marry him."] ["Bobby , orphaned at a young age, is brought up as his own son by his uncle, Matthews . He is betrothed to Chackochan's daughter, Tina. However, his old flame from college, Nina , turns up with a toddler allegedly fathered by Bobby. He denies this vehemently and goes to great lengths to prove her wrong, whilst keeping this under wraps from his fiancée. Eventually, having discovered the truth, Chackochan calls off the wedding, publicly humiliating Matthews for the dishonesty. With nothing left to lose, Bobby is prepared to accept Nina as his wife. On accosting her, she divulges the truth about the child - Bobby's cousin had an affair with Nina's sister, who died in childbirth. In the climax, Nina suffers a fainting episode, whereupon it is revealed that she is terminally ill with polycythemia rubra vera and wanted to ensure her niece would not be orphaned. Bobby races to get the medicine  to treat this acute relapse, but cannot reach her in time to save her."] ["Two young men Jeevandas and Shankar inherit a substantial area of farmland on their late father Ramswaroop Lal's passing. Jeevandas marries Bhagvanti but are childless, while Shankar marries Parvati and they have two sons, Govind and Shyam. Govind becomes paralyzed in his right leg due to an accident. Many years in the future, Shyam leaves to become educated in the city but on returning finds the family split in two by disagreement and bitterness; Jeevandas, Bhagvanti, Shyam, Navrangi, and Neelima on one side, and Govind, his wife, Radha, Shankar, and Parvati on the other. Navrangi loans money from Bhagvanti and invests it in a Carnival, but most of his earnings are stolen by two dancers, Jati and Sati. He then borrows more money, this time from Shyam, to purchase an elephant. Govind and Radha soon celebrate the birth of a completely healthy baby boy, Navjeevandas Lal. Later, Navrangi intends to begin staging a show using the elephant at the carnival where a boy is thrown from the trunk, and he intends using Govind's son. Later, Navjeevandas is abducted...."] [" Eeshwar Chandra Prasad  is the son of Ram Murthy  and Shantamma . Ram Murthy wants his son to do some job. However, Shantamma pampers Eeshwar very much and hence he doesn't want to leave the village. Ram Murthy dies and in order to fulfil his last wish, Eeshwar goes to the city to earn money on the advice of his friend Basha ([[Ali , who was a pickpocket. Eeshwar could not meet Basha. On the other hand Kotaiah  runs big land mafia in Hyderabad city and a bitter rival of Narsing Pahilwan . Saidulu  is Narsing's brother. Once Saidulu hacks Kotaiah and his assistant, when Eeshwar accidentally saves him. Eeshwar gets a job in a tea stall run by Chandranna ([[Chandra Mohan . He earns good money and purchases two gold bangles for his mother and plans to leave the city. At this juncture, Narsing humiliates Eeshwar for saving Kotaiah and stamps the gold bangles of his mother. Irked over this, Eeshwar kills Narsing in broad day light. As a result, he turns the biggest goon of the city. Meanwhile, Santamma reaches Hyderabad city to search for her son and takes shelter with Nandini , a journalism student. In order to save him from the police, Chandranna takes him out saying that his name is Yogi. Learning that Yogi killed Narsing, Kotaiah wants Yogi to join him, but to no avail. Chandranna encourages Eeshwar who turned Yogi to stay back in the city to save the poor, who gets harassed by the goons. Yogi remains a terror for the goons. So, Kotaiah and Saidulu join hands and hatch a plan to kill Yogi. In the process Saidulu gets killed by Yogi. Nandini is also after Yogi for an interview to complete her practicals. Somehow, she falls in love with him. Though Yogi and Shantamma live in the same city, they could not meet each other. One day, Yogi meets Basha, who reveals that he saw Shantamma.  Though Basha and Santamma go to the address, they could not find him as Eeshar because he is known as Yogi for the people. Shantamma waits for her son in front of a temple, as Basha tells her that Eeshwar is in the habit of visiting the temple on every Monday. But Eeshwar did not turn up on Monday fearing attack by Saidulu's people. Shantamma dies in front of the temple and Basha arranges funeral for her. At this time Yogi comes but fails to have a look at the covered face and helps the orphan body lifters with money for cremation and he even bring flowers and puts on the body of his mother. Yogi is unaware that the body is of his mother's body until it is moved to fire cabin. Basha finally arrives and explains the trauma but it is too late. He realizes the truth only after Nandini shows the belongings of his mother, who came to see him. The film ends with this emotional scene."] ['A wealthy and independent industrialist, JK alias Jai Kishan befriends a young man from a middle-class background by the name of Munish Mehra, assists him financially to go abroad and get necessary qualifications as an engineer, and then hires him on one of his construction projects. Jai meets with and falls in love with Meena Khanna, who is the daughter of a government official. Shortly after this, Jai finds out that Munish is also attracted to Meena, and is enraged. He subsequently fires Munish, and ensures that he will not get hired anywhere else. After several vain attempts to obtain employment, Munish gets hired by the government, and is assigned to investigate the collapse of a railway bridge. Munish finds out that Jai was directly responsible for this mishap as he used sub-standard materials. Munish now has the tools to avenge his humiliation at the hands of Jai, and accordingly informs his employer. But when the time comes for Munish to make a full report, he declines, and the government has no alternative but to prosecute him in a court of law for taking bribes and destroying his report. And the main witness appearing against him is none other than Jai.'] ["The story begins when a teen named Suri escapes and finds a drug dealer tormenting some little boys. Suri guns down the drug dealer. One of the boys, Raghava expresses his wish to join him. The rest of the boys too become Suri's helpers and eventually his henchman. The film continues 20 years later with Suri  and Raghava  and with the establishment of the fact that Suri is the Don with a golden heart. Then of course, he has Raghava as his sidekick, who adores him to death. Together, they rule the underworld of Andhra Pradesh. Since he is the unopposed kingpin, our don even has time for a song and dance on his birthday with his basti people. Everything is peaceful and hunky dory. But only till Feroz  enters the scene. Feroz is a feared don throughout India and he wants to add Andhra Pradesh to his underworld fiefdom. That’s what sets off the battle of the dons. Suri begins to upset Feroz, because Suri refuses to work with Feroz. In many attempts to kill Suri, Feroz's men get killed. One man  wants to kill Raghava. Eventually, Don lets Raghava kill the man because the man also hosted a hideout for Feroz's men in Hyderabad. Meanwhile, Don falls in love with Priya , at first she doesn't like him but later she also begins to like him. Raghava also finds a girl he likes. In that process, Raghava is cornered, where his fiance Nandhini, ends up being on the villains side. Raghava is killed. In a final meet between Suri & Feroz, Feroz returns Raghava's bullet ridden body and challenges Suri for a fight on a condition that 'A person will lose 2 of his men for each fall he takes'. Angered & heartbroken on Raghava's death, Suri accepts his challenge. As the fight progresses, Suri loses 2 of his men. Determined to win, Suri continues the fight and thrashes up Feroz & his two well trained women bodyguards. The fight ends with Feroz getting killed by Suri & he warns Feroz's remaining men not to be like their boss or else they'll end up like him."] ["Anwar, a Muslim, lives a middle-class lifestyle in Lucknow, India, with his mother, brother, and sister-in-law, Suraiya. Anwar is researching on ancient Hindu mandirs. The family rents out a room to a poor widow and her attractive daughter, Mehru, whom Anwar falls in love with. Anwar is certain of Mehru's love for him and is shocked when he finds out that she has eloped with Udit, his friend, who is about to immigrate to America. He informs her mother, who in turn calls upon her nephew and kin to locate Mehru. They find the couple aboard a bus. Udit is killed, while Mehru is beaten. A guilt-ridden Anwar takes shelter in an ancient Hindu temple in Dholpur carrying a bag, which contains drawings of mandirs and notes on Lord Krishna, Devi Meera, and Mehru. This bag ends up with the police, who now believe that Anwar is a terrorist who is planning to detonate bombs in sacred Hindu temples. The place is surrounded by the police, politicians who are anxious to win the Hindu vote, the media, and a huge crowd who are here to see the show. Set against post 9/11 scenario, amidst the craze for Valentine's Day, Britney Spears, Osama Bin Laden, George W. Bush, and the American way of life, Anwar must now examine his options."] ["When college student Aniruddha  meets pretty co-ed Niharika , they quickly become romantically involved. Unfortunately, their relationship can't escape the politics involved in sex and gang life. When Aniruddha meets Ranvijay ([[Irfan Khan , a big man on campus prone to toting a gun, he believes he's merely helping his fellow student escape from a rival gang. It's not long into their friendship, however, that Aniruddha realizes Ranvijay is just using him as a means to get to Niharika."] ["The film is tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between the two families. Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor brought up the two sons of Ramchand on his demise. He also gave the family business a firm foundation. Khubchand  the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj  and Sandeepraj . Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother had died a few years ago. His three sons are Dharamraj , Balraj  and Bharatraj . Another player in the game is Karan  an orphan brought up by Bhishamchand.A series of events take place that bring the long hidden feud between the two families to light and despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge Bharatraj murders Karan. Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought out in the open that only adds to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families making us ponder on the brittleness of our moral fabric."] ["The London-based Rai family consists of Suraj, his wife, Radha, and two children, a boy and a girl named Neetu, as well as Suraj's younger brother Raj. When Suraj's son passes away, he gets very depressed, takes to alcohol, and gets intimate with a young woman named Kamini, who is an ardent worshiper of Lord Shani , and he promises to marry her. When he decides that he likes Radha and Neetu more, he decides to break up with Kamini, who does not take it too well, and kills herself. Suraj returns to his family and does not tell anyone about this incident. Then strange things start occurring in the household, and Suraj blames these on Raj. But this only worsens the situation, and the family, including Raj's girlfriend, Sapna, relocate to Balwant's house. This is where they will find out that the vengeful spirit of Kamini has entrapped them, and they are all to suffer violent deaths - especially on dates that total to eight in combination with Saturday."] ['Rohit and his kid brother Amit are orphans living with a Christian couple and . Rohit is an aspiring singer who works in a car showroom run by Malik. One day he meets Sonia Saxena, daughter of Mr.Saxena when he goes to deliver a car to her home as her birthday present. Unknown to everybody, Saxena and Malik are running a drug cartel with help of two police officers and . Saxena is called as "Sir Ji" by the trio. They see each other later that night when Sonia and her friends are having a party on the beach. After Rohit sings for her, Atul, Sonia\'s friend, invites him on a cruise to perform. With a turn of unpredictable events, Rohit & Sonia fall for each other. This is objected to by Saxena, who demands Malik to sack him. However, later he softens up a bit and challenges Rohit to do something big so that he can win back his love. Determined to prove himself, Rohit and his friends attempt to procure a record deal for him. Rohit eventually becomes famous, and prepares to put on a huge concert. On the evening of the show, Rohit goes to pick-up his younger brother Amit from school to take him up to show. He witnesses the corrupt policemen and Malik shooting down the Commissioner who has found out about their drug dealings. The policemen discover Rohit\'s presence and shoot at him. Rohit is chased by the policemen and falls into a river when his bike slips on a bridge. Rohit, who didn\'t know how to swim, drowns. Sonia learns about this, but everyone including her thinks that he died in an accident. Sonia goes into depression so her father sends her to New Zealand to her cousin Neeta to get over Rohit. When she reaches there she meets Raj Chopra in a club. He looks exactly like Rohit and is also a good singer. Raj falls for Sonia, but she cannot get over her feelings and his face only reminds her of Rohit. On learning her story, Raj decides to follow her back to India. But on reaching India, one of the corrupt officers spots them and opens fire on Raj. When both Raj & Sonia escape the firing, Raj realizes that somebody is mistaking him for Rohit. With this revelation, he and Sonia realize the truth. Raj is sheltered by Rohit\'s well wishers. Then, he unexpectedly learns that Amit witnessed Rohit\'s murder. Raj decides to set the trap for nabbing the killers, posing as Rohit. Only Sonia & Rohit\'s acquaintances know the truth. The villains panick on learning that "Rohit" is alive. Malik and the officers turn up incognito at the concert where Raj is performing. Here, Saxena learns the truth from Sonia. He warns Malik. But when Raj tells details about the day that only Rohit would have known, Malik assumes that Saxena is playing some double game. Malik kidnaps Sonia. Raj succeeds in killing the officers and rescuing Sonia, but she is taken aback by the fact that Malik is a villain. Just when Malik is about to tell the truth about Saxena as well, Saxena shoots him, feigning anger. Here, Amit tells Raj that the villains were talking to someone named Sirji over the phone. Raj finds Sirji\'s number in Malik\'s cell and makes a call. When Saxena\'s phone goes off, he understands everything. On being confronted, Saxena confesses up everything in front of Sonia and Raj. After everything is settled, Sonia and Raj go back to New Zealand, taking Amit with them. Raj and Sonia get engaged.'] ["Three hardcore criminals escape from a jail by overpowering the guards and snatching their guns. Once out in the street, they first snatch a car from a man passing that way, and then steal clothes from three other passers-by, and get themselves dressed in the same. Then they forcibly enter into a newspaper editor's house, taking him and his family hostage. After many incidents they finally get killed one-by-one."] ["Sivaraman , an unemployed man, comes to Mumbai to find a job. Unfortunately he loses all his certificates but happens to find Govindan Kutty ([[Mukesh , who also is a jobless man  wandering in Mumbai. They try to get visa from a travel agency but find themselves no way to gather such massive amount. Circumstances lead Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty to participate in a bank robbery planned by Thomas  and his gang - his stammering brother Tyootty  and Alina  - which puts them in more trouble as the robbery ends in vain when they hit Pothuval ([[Innocent . Alina secretly informs the police about the robbery and says that the entire plan was executed by Thomas. Thomas, before getting arrested, successfully hides the money, and the place is kept secret except to his lawyer, Nambeeshan . Alina fakes to be in love with Nambeeshan to find the place where the money is hidden. Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty plan to impersonate Kunjunni, the grandson of a rich but elderly couple, Thampuran  and his wife Sethu . They haven't seen their grandchild since his childhood. Confusion leads Sivaraman and Govindankutty end up disguising with the body of Govindan Kutty and the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Kunjunni in front of the blind couple.{{cite web}} Pothuval, who knows Govindan Kutty before, makes several attempts to make the old man learn the truth, but all of them fail knowingly or unknowingly much to the luck of the Sivaraman and Govindankutty. While successfully carrying on, they are interrupted by Radhika Menon who disguises herself as the lover of Kunjunni. She calls on all the relatives of the couple by mocking them. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Govindan Kutty pretends to have fainted unconscious and he gets admitted to the hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue and says that he is Dr. Gopalakrishnan, a friend of Kunjunni from America. After many successful escapades during their drama, Govindankutty tries to steal the Lord Krishna statue for which he plays a cruel trick by placing a wooden stool in the staircase to injure the old woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Govindankutty when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for the accident and asks all his relatives to leave immediately. Sivaraman and Govindankutty gets desperate as the date for the visa payment was nearing. Radhika gives them the money for the visa and asks them to leave the house. She also reveals that she is Kunjunni's actual lover and tells them that Kunjunni has died in America in an accident and she had come to inform this. Sivaraman and Govindankutty accept the money and leave the house. Upon leaving, they come to know that the visa agency was a fake. Having lost all their resources, Govindan Kutty plans to start some new business with the money they have. Sivaraman disagrees to take the money and asks Govindan Kutty not to take the money which they had got for cheating on the innocent old couple. Govindankutty leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man and confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama in front of his wife Sethu, who loves her grandson above all. Sethu calls on Kunjunni but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Govindan Kutty's arms who has returned in remorse. In the closing scene it is shown that Thomas and Tyootty started a new hambug, Nambeeshan has gone back to his native place and has started farming, his ex-wife  gets married to an younger man, Pothuval started an anti-alcohol society, and the plans of Alina were unknown."] ["Harikrishnan , an immigrant in Mumbai, who like many thousands of immigrants is busy struggling to make ends meet. He shares a room with a group of Malayali guys, who too have their own personal problems and difficulties. The film begins with Harikrishnan witnessing the murder of a journalist, and is wanted by police to appear at an identification parade, which he does. Hari and his friends stay at a room in Kamathipura, which also homes the largest red lighted area in India. He accidentally meets Kiran ([[Geetha , a Telugu girl in the brothel, for whom he develops a soft feeling. In a short attempt to make money, Hari and friends starts making local hooch, which is supplied by Manikandan , their friend, who is also a taxi driver. Shekhar ([[Shankar , one among the guys fells in love with the sister of Mani, without the knowledge of anyone else. On a fine morning, Mudaliar, the Tamilian don, who was ruling the street is shot dead by Abbas Ali , his own henchman, who had shifted his loyalty to Amar Bakia , another cold blooded don. With the death of Mudaliar, Amar Bakia becomes the undisputed don of the city, and Abbas Ali, his lieutenant. Abbas, after coming to know about the small scale smuggling activities of Hari and gang, threatens him and asks him to come and meet him on the day of Vinayak Chathurthi and pay him a large amount as fine. In midst of the celebration, Hari enters the house of Abbas Ali and shoots him down, whereby inviting enmity of Amar Bakhia. Chottu , a local goon belonging to Bakhia gang attacks Hari and beats him up mercilessly. He is saved by the lady owner of a brothel and she along with Kiran takes care of him. With this incident Hari becomes the local leader and within short span Chottu and other too join his gang. Hari, thus becomes Hari Anna, who also becomes a negotiator in land disputes, financial matters and local business stiffs. Amar Bakhia is now in serious efforts to end the gang of Hari, but Hari on the other hand is getting stronger day by day. Shekhar, now gets a job at a Marwari business group and ditches the sister of Mani. She, who was pregnant by then, commits suicide. Mani, shocked by this incident is unaware of Shekar's involvement with his sister and indirect cause of her suicide. Hari decides to marry Kiran and with the help of his friends plan to start up a new life outside Mumbai. Amar Bakhia orchestrates attacks on Hari and his gang, leaving many of Hari's friends dead. Hari plots revenge and executes those responsible including Amar, and prepares to escape with Kiran. Meanwhile, Mani gets a letter written by his sister to Hari, which makes him believe that its Hari who is responsible for the death of his sister. Mani informs police about Hari's plan to leave Mumbai by the night. While parting, Hari informs Mani about Shekhar and expresses regret for not being able to save her. On realizing the truth, Mani reveals the ambush plans and asks Hari to escape before police reaches the spot. But it is too late by then, as police surround him and shoot him down."] ['Raj  is a young man still living with his mother who wishes to follow in his late father\'s footsteps by working as a detective. Under a pseudonym, "Baadshah", he runs Baadshah Detective Agency out of a Mumbai office full of cheesy detective gadgetry that can be converted to an apartment or doctor\'s office by means of a rotating wall panel system. In his employ are several occasionally helpful, yet very simple, individuals - Rocky, Bhola, Chauki Lal, and chief assistant Ram Lal  - who help him with his work. Though Baadshah tries hard  to pass his agency off as highly-sophisticated and constantly busy, he actually receives little business, and is desperate for a big break. Though he manages to retrieve a businessman\'s diamonds from a moustached Wild West-style villain named Manikchand  in a casino through trickery and athleticism, he ends up losing the reward money as a result of being responsible for the casino needing extensive repairs. As a result of such misfortune, Baadshah\'s time as a detective seems to be running out, as his mother\'s patience for his unfruitful mischief-making is wearing thin. Suraj Singh Thapar  is a business tycoon whose bio-chemical plant is due to be shut down following a preventable industrial accident by the popular and uncompromising Chief Minister of Goa, Gayatri Bachchan. When bribery attempts fail, he resolves to have her killed. For the job, he has Rani, his young henchwoman, hire Shiva, Mumbai\'s notorious contract-killer. Meanwhile, a man by the name of K. Jhunjhunwala comes to Baadshah with a strange case. Jhunjhunwala claims that he is dying as a result of a brain tumor and wants to see his daughter married to the suitable bachelor accompanying him, Nitin, before he dies. The young woman, Seema , is, however, unprepared to marry Nitin, who she knows as a friend - hence the need for Baadshah\'s help. Baadshah takes it upon himself to woo the girl and later dump her in order to fulfil the dying man\'s request and create some much-needed revenue. Baadshah pretends to be blind and, after serenading Seema in a hotel lobby and subsequently getting slapped, draws her to his "apartment", which his assistants have created using the detective agency\'s convertibility. There, as "Raj", he gains her sympathy and affection, telling her such things as, "My mother died before I was born." Completely taken, Seema gives in to his request for money for an eye operation that might restore his vision. Hilarity ensues, as Ram Lal poses as a trembling eye doctor and fakes performing the restorative operation at the eye clinic . Overjoyed, Seema embraces Raj, her new love, and they begin a romance. Though Baadshah seems genuinely involved in the relationship for a time, he is quickly brought back to reality by Jhunjhunwala, and promptly breaks Seema\'s heart by revealing the lies and making clear her stupidity. Nitin rushes to comfort her, and Baadshah collects his payment. However, his feelings for her prove to be genuine, though he blows them off for the time being and celebrates with his assistants. Unbeknownst to Baadshah, Jhunjhunwala and Nitin are actually a father-son bank fraud team wanted by the Central Bureau of Investigation . The marriage of Nitin to Seema, who is actually the sister of CBI Secret Agent Deepak Malhotra, is actually meant to stop investigation into the bank fraud case by way of family connections. The plan fails, however, when Agent Malhotra promptly arrests the Jhunjhunwalas before the marriage can take place. Meanwhile, it is revealed by the CBI that Shiva\'s attempt on Chief Minister Gayatri Bachchan\'s life failed as a result of his death in a car accident. Fearing a second attempt, CBI headquarters tasks Agent Malhotra with investigating and providing further protection for the minister in Goa. The mission is given the codename "Operation Maa", and Malhotra is assigned the codename "Baadshah". Rani, by listening in on Malhotra\'s communications with a fellow agent, finds out his flight information, and unites with her boyfriend, Moti, who was recently released from prison. As per Thapar\'s instructions, she is to travel with Moti to the airport, where the latter will eliminate Secret Agent "Baadshah" and assume his identity in order to gain access to Bachchan and carry out the assassination. At the same time, Baadshah  gets a second job from the businessman he first worked for. Manikchand and Saxena, wanting to regain the diamonds they originally stole, kidnapped the businessman\'s daughter for ransom. Baadshah and his assistants are given tickets to Goa, where the girl is being held. As luck has it, both "Baadshahs" are scheduled to be on the same flight. Baadshah, through a misunderstanding, receives Agent Malhotra\'s ticket at the counter, while Agent Malhotra, who received Baadshah\'s ticket, is identified as the CBI\'s "Baadshah" by Rani when he picks it up. Moti shoots Malhotra, who is briefly seen by Baadshah being wheeled away. A computer disk drops from his wheel chair, which Baadshah keeps after trying to give back. At this point, Baadshah has functionally switched places with the deceased agent. Because he is sitting in the agent\'s assigned seat on the plane, another CBI agent dispatched to aid him approaches and gives him an identification flower. This draws the attention of Rani, who now thinks that Moti killed the wrong man. Rani poisons the remaining CBI agent, and tries to poison Baadshah, but fails. When the passengers disembark, yet another CBI agent identifies Baadshah as the secret agent by the flower he is wearing, and rushes him away to a CBI laboratory. As they pass, Seema and her partner, Uncle Tom, previously expecting Agent Malhotra, identify Baadshah as Raj, the heartbreaking liar, and wonder what happened to Malhotra . At the laboratory, confusion prevails, as nobody is able to come to the realization that things are not as they are supposed to be. Baadshah is equipped with a James Bond-style car and an assortment of top-secret gadgets. He is also congratulated on the Jhunjhunwala case, which he initially thinks is his marriage setup. A newspaper article on it reveals the truth, and though he realizes that Seema could yet be his for the taking, he is unable to see the bigger picture. Baadshah is followed on the road after departing, both by Moti and Rani and by Seema. While trying to roll down the high-tech car\'s windows, he accidentally fends off the murderous couple. Failing to attract Seema\'s attention, he retires to his hotel for the night. By this time, his companions have been taken by Manikchand and Saxena to their rented hideout, where they also secretly hold the girl. Baadshah learns that the two men now hold all of his friends hostage, and that he must now rescue the lot of them. At the hotel, Baadshah discovers that Seema has taken the computer disk from his possession. He is then given a note from Seema, requesting a meeting. He goes to see her in the parking garage, where she confronts him with an obviously uncocked pistol. While demonstrating the proper usage of the weapon, Baadshah is jumped by Moti. The two fight back and forth, until a dog forces both of them to seek safety on top of a car. Baadshah escapes by singing to the dog, while Moti is mauled and is driven into a trash can. Seema flees. She and Uncle Tom search the computer disk and see that Agent Malhotra suspected Thapar as the man behind the assassination attempt. Seema goes to Thapar\'s night club in order to get information from him, only to encounter Baadshah there as well. More confusion ensues, as Baadshah is mistaken as Moti by Thapar and a hitman by Seema, and Thapar is mistaken as the businessman\'s assistant by Baadshah. Baadshah says that he will deliver the girl to Thapar\'s address. Thapar thinks this is code for the delivery of Bachchan\'s dead body. To cap off the eventful night, Baadshah performs an epic musical number in front of a raucous crowd. Having been in communication with Manikchand and Saxena all along, Baadshah arranges an exchange of the hostages for the diamonds at an abandoned construction site after meeting them at a school event where Gayatri Bachchan was speaking. Finding the girl and his men unharmed, Baadshah attacks the criminal duo with exploding toffee and comes away with all of the stolen goods and the culprits in custody. Sending Ram Lal and the others to Thapar\'s address , Baadshah drives the kidnappers towards town. While en route, he finds Seema being chased by armed men, who were sent after her by a corrupt security agent at the chief minister\'s event after she tried alerting him of Baadshah\'s potentially deadly presence. The detective saves Seema, and tells her and Uncle Tom his side of the story and the truth about earlier events. Seema, in turn, briefs Baadshah on the overall situation. Though they are able to kiss and make up, they find themselves in dire straits. Seema\'s brother is now known to be dead, and Baadshah\'s friends are in Thapar\'s custody. Baadshah, equipped with a radio link to Seema, goes to Thapar\'s house to try talking his way out of the mess. Thapar, now wise to the goings on, forces Baadshah to assassinate Bachchan himself using his secret agent status. Should he fail to do so, Thapar will kill everyone. All of the key players travel to the Holiday Inn where the Chief Minister is to speak. The girl is forced to wear a bomb vest and sit in a van watched by Moti. Baadshah\'s assistants are kept in a high-rise room with a gun trained on them by Rani. The entire on-site security force is in cahoots with Thapar, keeping tabs on Baadshah inside the hotel. He manages to escape momentarily, with the help of a secretary, informing the chief minister\'s husband of the plot. Unfortunately, the husband is in on it himself, and, after killing the secretary, forces Baadshah to get back to the task. Now, with additional help desperately needed, Seema recruits the hotel staff, who give Baadshah his CBI-issued bag of tricks. This allows him to rescue his assistants from Rani. He proceeds to shoot Moti, leaving Ram Lal and the others to tend to the bomb. Seema puts a message in with the chief minister\'s speech script. Baadshah is forced to approach the chief minister, as Thapar still has control of the bomb. At that moment, she reads the note and learns of the impending danger, as well as her husbands\' involvement in the plot. However, it being too late, Baadshah is forced to open fire upon the security personal, wounding a great many of them. Thapar, in response, takes a few shots at Bachchan himself, but her Sikh bodyguard comes between her and the bullets. Thapar prepares to fire once more, but Baadshah disarms him. Thapar then goes for the bomb switch, but the van containing the girl comes crashing through a glass wall and comes to rest in the midst of the action. Needing room to detonate the bomb, Thapar flees, and is pursued by Baadshah while the CBI scientist works on the bomb. The two men struggle for control of the remote on some scaffolding, but eventually it is Thapar who comes away with it. While Baadshah clings to a pipe, Thapar runs outside, and has Moti and Rani detonate the bomb while he sits in his getaway car. Unfortunately for him, the bomb was previously removed from the girl and thrown under the car, leading to his explosive demise. Baadshah, having been rescued by his friends using a curtain slide, is seen to have booming business back at the detective agency. Ram Lal receives a call from Mr. Clint Eastwood, apparently secretary to American President Bill Clinton, offering $1,000,000 for assistance with the "Monica Case". Baadshah then announces his prioritization of "wife duty", refusing the case and disappearing with Seema on a retractable bed into the wall of the detective agency. The audience is left with a pic of Raj, as a baby wearing a fireman\'s helmet.'] ["Dev Karan Singh , a casanova and ambitious painter deep in debt, agrees to marry Anita , the daughter of Singhania , a rich tycoon. Priya , a music teacher for children, is engaged to Raj , whom she has agreed to marry because he had helped her when she was in need. Priya and Dev meet on a cruise and fall in love. However, due to their already being engaged to other people, they agree to work everything out and meet in 6 months on Valentine's Day to get married. During the 6 months, Dev breaks off his engagement with Anita and starts working hard. Driven by his love, he creates and auctions beautiful paintings, and becomes very successful. On the other hand, Priya realizes that leaving Raj will be wrong and sadly writes a letter to Dev, explaining everything. When Raj gets the letter instead, he supports Priya and convinces her to go to Dev. Things take a bad turn when, on her way to meet him, Priya gets hit by a car and gets her legs amputated. Dev, who waited all night for Priya, believes she has rejected him, as he does not know of her accident. Priya forbids Raj from telling Dev, not wanting to become a burden on him. However, both Dev and Priya still love and pine for each other. Though heartbroken, Dev continues his career and goes on to become a famous painter. One day, Priya attends his art exhibition and wishes to buy a painting of his, a sentimental picture of her speaking to his beloved grandmother, whom Dev had introduced to her during the cruise. Dev had said that he would not sell the painting as it was only for Priya, but upon hearing that the girl who wanted it understands the emotion behind the picture and is disabled, he tells the host of the exhibition to give the painting to her for free. One day, he visits Priya to give her an anklet that his grandmother, who recently died, had wished for Priya to have when she became Dev's bride. Initially unaware of Priya's condition, Dev realizes the truth when he sees the painting in another room. The two embrace tearfully and he assures Priya that he will love her no matter what. Dev and Priya then get married and live happily ever after."] ['Puneet Rajkumar appeared as young man who is focused and ready to do all work. His principle is "stretch your leg as limit as bed"'] ['The story revolves around the blatant smuggling and illegal trading in ancient sculptures across the country. Detective Feluda steps in to solve the crime and nab the culprits. His cousin Topshe, and Lalmohanbabu, the writer of detective novels who goes by the name of Jatayu, assist him in his work. The story revolves around the theft of the head of Yakshi from the Bhuvaneshwar temple. The novel depicts how Feluda uses Topshe and Jatayu as baits in the fifteenth cave and manages to catch the main villain of the piece - Mr Rakshit, alias Chattaraj in a series of scenes filled with action and high dramatics.'] ['{{polt}} The movie starts with Ajay  telling his son that he should make his move on a girl he likes. The son tells him that if he can go woo another older lady, he will tell the girl he likes about his feelings. Ajay goes to the woman and starts telling her a story. Gradually, everyone around them starts listening and the scene goes to a flashback 25 years before... A younger Ajay is on a cruise with four of his friends. Nikhil  and Reena , an unhappily married couple whilst Jeetu  and Natasha  are a happily unmarried couple. On the cruise, Ajay meets Piya  at the ship\'s bar and falls in love with her. While he is intoxicated, he buys drinks for everyone at the bar. Then there is a song, then Ajay blacks out. In the morning, Piya goes to deliver the bill to Bar guy and Ajay says he is still in love with her. Now Ajay is head over heels in love with Piya, but she won\'t accept him. He wants her by hook or by crook, even peeking into private journal, so he dances his way into her heart by learning that she has always wanted to learn how to dance. He takes lessons from his friend, and gives Piya lessons. The two finally fall in love. But then later, Piya finds out that he looked in her private journal and she yells at him. He leaves, but leaves her his number in case she will change her mind. While at their new home, at an early hour in the morning, Ajay calls his friends to come to his house. While driving there, we see how Ajay has tried to win Piya back by getting her favourite dog  and other things. When they go inside, they find Piya and Ajay, getting married. They are all surprised and delighted. Ajay and Piya love each other, and they soon start a wish list, which they write on their bedroom wall. The first wish is to go on a cruise on their 25th anniversary. But after a few months, Piya goes out for shopping, but forgets everything, including where she lives. When she is screaming for help in the middle of the road in the rain, Ajay finds her and tells her their house was right in front of her. They go to the doctor\'s and Ajay finds out Piya has Alzheimer\'s and that she is pregnant. The problem is, pregnancy only exacerbates her Alzheimer\'s. So, while Piya is pregnant, Ajay must keep a close eye on her or else Piya might hurt the baby. As time goes on, the baby is born, and Piya\'s condition worsens. Finally, Ajay has no choice but to put Piya in a home for people with problems. Ajay is hurt, but he doesn\'t know what to do. Meanwhile, Nikhil and Reema have learned to love again, and tell Ajay to go get her back. Suddenly, Ajay realizes what he has done, and runs back to the home and wins Piya\'s heart back. The story ends with Ajay saying that the best thing he had ever done was bringing Piya back home. He says that it is a special day when she can remember things, and bonus days when she remembers him. The elderly woman to whom Ajay was telling the story remarks, "Well, this is your bonus day." It turns out that the elderly woman is Piya, and she and Ajay are celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary on a cruise with their son, just what they had wished for...'] ["Om has been banished from Mumbai for a period of 2 years. Shortly after the beginning of these two years, Mr.Dhariwal goes to Om's mother and begs that she call Om back to Mumbai. The reason he needs Om is because his daughter Sandali has been kidnapped by Ghotia Bhai, Dhariwal's associate. Ghotia Bhai wishes for Sandali to marry his son, Brandy. However, Dhariwal and Sandali do not want this so Om comes back to rescue the girl he cares for. When Om arrives in the city, he is able to free Sandali and disposes of Brandy in the process. Inspector Nasir Pathan is the new chief of police in the district and since Om is not supposed to be back for 2 years, pursues him. He catches Om, arrests and puts him into jail and returns Sandali to her father. Upon further investigation though, Nasir Pathan uncovers an evil conspiracy against Om and his family. Not only had Om been unfairly banished for 2 years, his sister had also been murdered by Inspector Katkar. Om and Sandali had fallen in love when they met a few months before. However, Mr. Dhariwal didn't want this marriage because in his wife's will, the boy that Sandali marries will get her wealth and Dhariwal would be left penniless. The reason she had stipulated this is because she did not trust her husband's ability to control his gambling and habit of vice. Dhariwal murdered his wife but no one found out. So he waited for years until Sandali grew up and he started looking for a boy he could manipulate into giving him half of his daughter's endowment. He asks Om to share the money with him upon his marriage to Sandali but the former refuses. This alarms Dhariwal so he turns to Inspector Katkar and along with Dhariwal's new wife, the cunning Celina, they both hatch an evil plan to ruin Om's name in the city, thereby making it difficult for Sandali to marry him. Katkar arranges for Darren, Celina's secret paramour, to go to Om's house and act as if his younger sister was a prostitute and Darren was frequenting the house for this purpose. Om's sister is taken to jail and killed but Katkar disguises it as a suicide. Om gets to know of their plan to ruin his family's name  and confronts Dhariwal, Darren and Katkar. Because he attacks Katkar, the inspector is able to exile Om for 2 years from Mumbai as a dangerous criminal. When Sandali is returned to her father after Om rescues her, he is furious to find out that Om and she have consummated their marriage by exchanging vows. He quickly ignores this and wants her to marry Darren. However, before this can happen Celina divulges that Darren is her secret lover and she was simply using Dhariwal for his money. Dhariwal is incensed and shot to death by Celina with no remorse. Darren then disposes of Celina and prepares to marry Sandali so he can control all her wealth. Om breaks out of jail where, after a thorough investigation, Inspector Nasir Pathan has just realised the truth about the conspiracy against him. Om also finds out that Katkar had killed his sister and confronts him. After a furious struggle, Om kills him. He then sets off to rescue Sandali from Darren, with Inspector Pathan in hot pursuit as well. Darren and Om have a long and intense fight but Om perseveres. He and Sandali then set off to marry, with Inspector Pathan watching and knowing that Om has been vindicated."] ["Popular but lonely Bollywood actress, Sapna , lives a fairly isolated life, though publicly she is thronged by fans, and has taken to drinking to ease her loneliness. Intoxicated, she runs her vehicle into a young man named Pappu ([[Govinda , who suffers minor injuries. He recognizes her and tells her that he is her number-one fan and will do anything for her. She wants him to kill her double-timing boyfriend, Rahul . He agrees to do so, provided she kills his overbearing grandmother, to which she agrees. After Pappu completes his gruesome task, he meets with Sapna, only to be told that she does not recognize him, but when presented with proof, she relents and agrees to fulfill her part of this trade. She, along with Kokibhai , arrive at the palatial home of Pappu's grandmother  and set out to kill her. ACP Kamat  already has evidence linking Pappu to Rahul's sudden death and has been keeping a close eye on his whereabouts. Pappu finds out his grandmother's will had stated that after her death Pappu would get all her property. Pappu asks for forgiveness. Meanwhile Sapna finds out that Pappu had not killed Rahul. Sapna finds out Pappu is with the police. A blackmailer tells Sapna to bring 5 crore. ACP Kamat tells his brothers about the money. Kamat told his brothers that Rahul was not killed and was still alive. Kamat's assistant  knows that there was something wrong so he brings Pappu with him. His grandma comes and kills all the bad guys. Pappu beats up the ACP. When Paapu tells his feelings  he takes her inside the theater. Sapna tells Pappu her feelings. The movie ends when she runs up to him and hugs him."] ["Madhvi  is an orphan living with her maternal uncle, who arranges her marriage with someone she does not know, so she runs away to her lover, Kailash , only to find him in the arms of another woman, Shabnam . She returns to her maternal uncle, only to find him dead. She then runs away from there, and meets with a friend Poonam, who is a widow and her child at a railway station. The three travel together by train to meet Poonam's in-laws, who have never seen her. Unfortunately, the train meets with an accident, killing the widow, who leaves the child in Madhvi's care. Madhvi assumes the identity of the dead woman, Poonam, and travels along with the child to her in-laws. She is welcomed with open arms. She finds out that her uncle had arranged her marriage with Kamal Sinha . Kamal is angry and bitter at the manner his to-be wife treated him, even without knowing him. Kamal is attracted to Poonam, but she tries to distance herself, fearing that he will find out the truth about her. Then Shabnam and Kailash re-enter her life, making her look like an imposter, turning her in-laws against her, and turning Kamal's love into resentment."] ["Mumbai, the commercial capital of India, is a city that never sleeps. Rapidly changing at a feverish pace with every passing second, it is always on the move and so are the people living in it. In this story, we take an insight into the lives of the people living in this city and how the pace of the city affects their relationships and how they deal with it. No matter what happens life has to go on. This is also a story of four couples and their lives in a metropolitan city. They belong to different social and financial strata and every one has got its own problems to deal with. What one couple has, the other doesn't? Each couple looks at the other couple and wishes that if only they had what the other couple does, their life would be a bed of roses, be it on a monetary level or on moral terms. What seems to be a major and almost insoluble problem for the first couple is just a petty issue for the second. Similarly, second couple's serious problem is not looked upon as a problem at all by the first and likewise so, with the other two couples. In a pursuit to achieve what they lack and in a desperate search of that one thing that would solve all their problems, they find themselves lost in the ever moving crowd, where no one has time for themselves, leave aside the cares of the world. In due course of time, all four couples come together with a distant vision of that one event which would end all their problems and set them free. Is it reality or just a figment of their vivid imagination?"] ["The plot revolves around a boy called Shyam and his relationship with his mother. It shares the effect Shyam's mother has had on Shyam's life and upbringing, and how he is taught to stick to his ideals and principles, even in the face of poverty. The relationships of all the individuals within Shyam's family are explored. The novel of the same name Shyamchi Aai was acclaimed upon release, and is autobiographical. The author of the novel is Sane Guruji. Shyam is said to be the author in the book. The film ends with the illness and death of Shyam's mother."] ["When Kajal  marries Raaj , an Engineer by profession, she and her dad , automatically assume that he is rich, wealthy, and corrupt. But that is not the case. Raaj does not have an air-conditioner, a car, not even a refrigerator. This infuriates Kajal, and in her mind she creates a separate world, where she is rich, wealthy, has several cars, and lives lavishly in a big bungalow. Even the birth of two children, and several years of marriage, does not change Kajal. An example of this occurs when Kajal meets her old friend Nisha  who Kajal feeds a pack of lies such that her husband is a business magnate, her family own several cars, live in a big bungalow etc. Nisha who is more wealthy than Kajal then offers to give her a lift home, only for Kajal to have to lie about the directions to her home according to the story she has fabricated. Kajal then realises her mistake when the bungalow she points out as her own turns out to be Nisha's. Nisha explains to Kajal that no matter how much and how little you have, your own house is your own home and that fabricating such stories only adds insult to her husband, family and home. When Janhvi  Raaj's boss's  niece comes from overseas into their lives, she falls for the honest and humble natured Raaj and asks him to marry her; despite knowing that he is already married with children. After meeting the greedy Kajal, Janhvi offers 2 crore rupees in exchange for marriage to Raaj. And Kajal, seeing this as her opportunity to gain wealth and an easy life, accepts, not knowing that she is making a big mistake and this decision will change her life forever. Kajal forces Raaj into the agreement & gets a reluctant Raaj & Janhvi married and divorces Raaj herself, to comply with the Hindu Marriage Act; thinking that she and Janhvi will happily live together and share Raaj. She then uses the money she got in the bargain to buy a huge mansion & cars. Ironically, the bungalow she buys ends up being the bungalow that she pointed out as her own in front of her old friend Nisha. Nisha briefly returns to her old home to collect a picture of her husband left behind. Kajal then proceeds to taunt her that she has fulfilled her dreams whereas Nisha's dreams are now shattered having lost everything. Nisha reminds Kajal that she sold her house and possessions to pay for the treatment of her ill husband, whereas Kajal has sold her husband for riches; and that to some extent, Kajal is still all the more poorer for that. Kajal moulds her self like the page three socialites & this leads to Kajal neglecting her family. Raaj initially feels rejected by Kajal and does not get close to Janhvi, feeling objectified at the thought of being sold and bought between his two wives. Eventually, the children & Raaj find companionship with Janhvi who showers them with love and affection. The children call Janhvi 'Maa'; something that Kajal would previously reprimand her children for calling her; insisting that they call her 'Mummy' as this sounded high society. Soon, Kajal realises how far she has drifted from her family. She forgets her wedding anniversary and throws a party for her daughter's birthday not realising that Raaj has never been attracted to a lavish lifestyle and thus further pushing him away from her and towards Janhvi. After frequent reminders from her mother Kajal tries to make amnends. When nothing works, Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Janhvi and accuses her of stealing her husband and tries to make Janhvi leave. Kajal offers Janhvi all of her money back in exchange for Raaj again, only to be told by Raaj that she is the poorest relation despite having all the riches she ever dreamed of. On advice of her friend, Kajal seeks legal advice which also states that the only way she can legally marry Raaj is to get Janhvi and Raaj to divorce - an impossible task. She then forcibly tries to throw Janhvi out of the house, but to no avail as Raaj decides to leaves with Janhvi claiming that in the present circumstances, this is the fairest thing to do. The kids decide to stay with Janhvi and their father - heartbroken as they learn that their father was sold, prompting the son to ask his mother Kajal about the prospect of them being sold to another family at an agreed price. Kajal on the other hand, disraught by her family abandoning her, donates all her riches, in order to pay her dues. When she learns that Raaj & the kids are leaving for the US, she runs to the airport for one final visit. She finds them, ready to depart. But in a last minute twist in the plot, Janhvi turns to Raaj and tells them that she is leaving for the US alone, but she is not literally alone. She is expecting Raaj's child. Janhvi accepts that although Kajal sold her husband, but it was her who offered to buy him and thus she too should pay her dues. So, the movie ends with Kajal getting her family back, learning of the importance of family over money and Janhvi leaving for New York."] ["Malhar , who is born to a poor typist clerk, is a versatile character who wins trophies in dramas but is never appreciated by his father. While writing and directing dramas in his college he meets Apoorva , a very rich girl, and falls madly in love with her. When she wins the Best Actress Award, she calls upon Malhar on stage and gives all the credit to him. Malhar misunderstands this gestures as Apoorva's love for him. Meanwhile Apoorva and Nihal  fall in love with each other. Nihal's father, who is a wealthy bureaucrat, decides to get them married. Malhar assumes that this marriage is against Apoorva's will and in his protest accidentally Nihal's father gets killed. Malhar is sent to jail. As Nihal looses his identity and status by his father's death, Apoorva's father breaks off her engagement. In jail, Malhar spends his days thinking of Apoorva, getting married to her, having a child and living happily with his father; all in one family. Malhar escapes the jail and then starts making quick money out of wrong ways. He starts seducing rich women and then looting them. Nihal, a police officer now, happens to meet Apoorva, a journalist now, to solve the mystery of the 'stranger murderer' in the city. Finally when Malhar comes face to face with Apoorva, she tells him that she'd never loved him. Heart-broken Malhar is then caught and dies in the end."] ['Watan Ke Rakhwale is a family drama with Mithun Chakraborty and Sridevi playing the lead, supported by Dharmendra, Sunil Dutt and Kader Khan.'] ["Sandhana Krishnan , also known as Sakhi works in an automobile company and lives in a joint family. He comes across a model named Priya and the two fall in love with each other. Eventually they get married. Here begins the story. Unlike that of Sakhi's family, Priya's family is 'cosmopolitan' and too outgoing. Her mother, is a party going socialite, while her father restricts himself to his house and doesn't bother to have a social life of his own. Priya always goes out partying and doesn't spend much time with her family. Brought up in such a situation, Priya finds it hard to adjust to the family of Sakhi because his family doesn't like all this going out and partying stuff. They prefer to stay home and mix with family. Sakhi tries to make his wife understand the realities of life and the importance of family but is unsuccessful. After their honeymoon Priya gets pregnant. Sakhi is on top of the world but Priya has doubts as she feels shes too young to be a mother.priya does not want the baby and she tells sakhi but sakhi tells her that the whole family is happy and if now he goes and tell them then they would be upset but priya says she does nt care about them making sakhi angry and sakhi fires her. She tells her mother about it, who insists shes too young and under a guise that one of her relatives is ill, takes Priya to the hospital for an abortion. Sakhi finds out in time and rushes to the hospital where a reluctant Priya is being pulled towards the abortion room by her mother. When he calls to her she turns but is hit by a stretcher in her abdomen. The story moves ahead with Priya finding her diary in Sakhis suitcase  accusing him of tricking her she leaves to her parents house. At the same time she wants a divorce but Sakhi wants the child. The judge presiding rules that Priya will have to have the baby. Sakhi moves into Priya's parents house with her in order to take care of his unborn child, claiming he doesn't trust them, they might try to abort his baby. Months pass and Priya has the baby. As it needs to be fed mothers' milk, Priya moves back in with Sakhis family for a period of two months. These two months find Priya getting closer to her baby then the day before the last, regretting her decision of leaving the house but convinced that Sakhi hates her, decides to go through with it. The next day her parents come to get her, her mother has already selected another husband for her.Sakhi acts unbothered and taking the baby tells her to leave. Halfway home Priya gets out of the car; her dad and herself finally stand up to her mother. She stands lost on the island in the middle of the road when Sakhi drives by,and then priya and sakhi ask forgiveness from each other and hugh each other in the middle of the road and they both return home happily."] ["Preetam , a struggling cartoonist, meets Anita  at a tennis match, where she is watching her favorite tennis star. Anita, a wealthy and westernized heiress is controlled by her feminist aunt, Sita Devi . Sita is suspicious of men, and cultivates her attitudes in Anita. However, to receive her fortune, her father's will decrees that Anita must marry within one month of turning 21. Sita Devi doesn't agree with this, and tries to set Anita up with a sham marriage which will soon lead to divorce, thereby giving her both freedom and a fortune. Sita hires Preetam to marry Anita, but doesn't know that the pair have already met. Preetam is kept from Anita after their marriage, but he kidnaps her and takes her to the traditional house of his brother. While at the house, Anita befriends Preetam's sister-in-law, and begins to see the merit in becoming a traditional Indian wife. Preetam is worried that he has lost Anita, and expedites their divorce by providing false, incrimiating evidence to the court. Preetam then leaves mumbai, heartbroken. Anita now recognizes her feelings for Preetam and rushes to meet him at the airport. In the end, the couple is reunited."] ["The movie takes place in the Indian desert state of Rajasthan, which gives it something in common with Rudaali, another off-beat drama set in Rajasthan that was released around the same time and also featured Dimple Kapadia and Amjad Khan. The plot centers around a government employee, Sameer Yogi , who is sent to Rajasthan to take inventory of items in the abandoned haveli of the long-deceased Maharaja Param Singh . When he arrives in Rajasthan, he meets his old friend Shafi  who is a tax collector in the area and lives with his wife Sharda . Sameer begins seeing what he thinks could very well be visions of another time and place, visions that he is shown by a beautiful woman he encounters by the name of Reva . But is Reva real or just a figment of Sameer's imagination? The drama that unfolds catapults Sameer into a different time and place and shakes his own personal foundation of reality, even as Shafi and his wife fear that their old friend may be losing his mind. In addition to the excellent performances and overall haunting quality of the cinematography, the plot twists and guest appearance of Hema Malini add to the film's charms. Also, as much as Sameer, Reva and Shafi, the desert of Rajasthan itself is a character in this film. Rolling sand dunes and long-deserted havelis create a sense of mystery and wonder, the stuff of dreams ."] ["Set against the Sino-Indian War of 1962, the film's main plot concerns a small platoon of Indian soldiers in the hilly terrain of Ladakh who are considered dead but are rescued by Ladakhi tribesmen and by Capt. Bahadur Singh . They are asked to retreat from their post  as the Chinese have surrounded them. Capt. Bahadur Singh and his girlfriend Angmo  die holding the Chinese at bay so that their comrades can retreat to safety. But even the retreating soldiers are heavily outnumbered and give up their lives for the country."] ['Jai  is a dance teacher in Las Vegas, Nevada. As a sideline, he marries immigrant women to get them green cards. When Gina , the rich daughter of a powerful casino owner Bob , falls for him, Jai goes along to marry into money. He discovers that his future brother-in-law, the vicious, homicidal Tony ([[Nick Brown , is about to marry a Mexican woman named Natasha , whom Jai knows as Linda, the last of the immigrant women he married. On the night before "Natasha" and Tony\'s wedding, Linda and Jai spend a romantic but chaste night, humorously agreeing to a "divorce." A jealous, gun-wielding Tony arrives at her apartment while Jai is there. After he hits her, Linda impulsively knocks him out with a heavy object while he tussles with Jai. Linda and Jai go on the run toward Mexico, with Tony and police in pursuit. They are helped by a friend of Jai, Robin . Robin gives them fake passports and IDs so that they can go wherever they want. In the following week, Jai and Linda get married in Mexico. On the day of their wedding they come back to their house. There, Robin comes to give them the passports and is unexpectedly shot by Tony and his men. Linda and Jai escape, but Jai is shot in the process. In a car chase, Linda stops the car at a train, puts Jai aboard it, and drives off. Back to the present, Jai meets with Jamaal, one of Bob\'s employees, and is ambushed. Jamaal is killed but not before telling Jai of Linda\'s whereabouts. Jai kills off all of Tony\'s men and then beats Tony by smashing his face into the car door, until he is shot by Gina. He drives off to the location where Jamaal said Linda was last seen. It is shown that after Jai was put aboard the train, Linda was ambushed on a cliff and sent Jai a text message saying "I\'m going...Sorry, Forget me". She drives off of the cliff, killing herself by drowning. Jai cries and then smiles, jumping off the cliff as well. Finally, he is reunited with Linda under the ocean, and they embrace through death.'] ['While traveling by train Shekhar attempts to woo Sanjana Sharma, but finds out she had given her heart to a former boyfriend, Rohit, who is no more. Both share some misadventures en-route to Simla, and upon arrival Shekhar openly declares his love for her knowing fully that this decision will bring nothing but heartbreak for him'] ["{{Plot}} Simran  drowns her misery in booze. Her one friend in Seoul, is Aakash , a singer in an Indian restaurant. Originally a bar dancer in Mumbai, India, Simran is the girlfriend of a notorious gangster, Daya . Five years ago, Daya's boss Khan  ordered Daya to give Simran up. When Khan threatened Simran, Daya turned on him and Khan cut Daya loose from his gang. She and Daya were forced to flee to Seoul. They took a small boy named Bittu with them. After an encounter with the Mumbai police, Bittu was killed, causing a strain in the couple's relationship and pushing Simran toward alcoholism. Leaving Simran alone in Seoul, Daya went to work in Mauritius and then Dubai. Aakash tells Simran that he cares for her despite her past, and their relationship gradually develops from friendship to love. Daya, who is still in Dubai, suddenly comes to Seoul. When he learns of Simran's affair with Aakash, he attacks and severely beats Aakash in a fit of rage and jealousy. Daya then professes his love for her and promises to reform and fulfill her dreams of a normal life; he also tells her that if she truly loves Aakash he will not hold her back. Before Simran can respond, the police arrive in pursuit of Daya and Simran, and so the two of them flee. Daya gives up murdering innocents and begins working odd jobs, admitting to Simran that he has found peace in doing honest work. He says that he would like to return to his village in India with her, so that they might live there peacefully, but that in order to do so he would have to perform one last crime: two fake passports for himself and Simran. Simran, who is longing for Aakash, soon discovers that she is pregnant with Aakash's child. When she tells Aakash of her pregnancy, he comes to meet her and tells her that he would like to marry her, but that they would never find peace as long as Daya was still at large. He says that for the sake of their unborn child, Daya must be turned in to the police, and that only Simran can do this. Simran, who is still emotionally attached to Daya, refuses to turn him in. Meanwhile Daya, who has gone to forge passports for himself and Simran, is intercepted by Khan, who reminds Daya of what had occurred between them years before and says that he intends to make an example of Daya for abandoning the gang. Khan and his men severely beat and wound Daya, who is eventually able to fight back and kill Khan. He then calls Simran, warning her that the police are after them and asking her to meet him outside a Seoul train station that night. Simran arrives at the appointed time to find Daya badly injured from his fight with Khan. He manages to crawl to Simran and takes out a box of sindoor for her. But just as he reaches and embraces her they are surrounded by police cars. Daya realizes that Simran had informed the police; heartbroken and screaming, he is hauled away. Simran remains at the station until morning and then goes to meet Aakash, whom she finds is not at home. She is soon informed that he is at the Indian embassy. When she reaches the embassy, she enters a room full of reporters and sees a large screen showing a video of her telling Aakash about her relationship with Daya. She is thunderstruck when she sees that the one addressing the media is none other than Aakash, who is actually an undercover Indian detective hired to capture Daya. Realizing that Aakash befriended and wooed her solely to discover Daya's whereabouts, she explodes in fury in front of the media; but Aakash holds her back and slaps her across the face. He tells her that he never cared for her and that his involvement with her was only a part of his duty to end organized crime and bring justice to his country. Enraged, Simran tries to attack him but she is stopped by the security. While she is being hauled away, she yells that in order to spread justice Aakash and his colleagues have done her an injustice, and that Daya, who has never betrayed anyone, is not the gangster but Aakash and his men are. She also reminds Aakash that he has betrayed the woman who is carrying his child, and that he will regret his actions. Daya, who has been arrested and taken to jail, sends Simran a letter saying that he does not blame her for what she did and that she is the one who has been betrayed; he admits that he has done many cruel and bad things in his life, but that thanks to her he now knows what it is like to live an honest life. He encloses her fake passport and, stating his love for her, writes that he would feel better knowing that she is living safely in India. After reading Daya's letter, Simran is left pained and guilty. Some months later, Daya admits and pleads guilty to his crimes and he is tried and sentenced to death. Simran goes to meet him in prison and asks him to forgive her; they share an emotional goodbye before Daya is taken away by guards. She later goes to Aakash's residence and, forcefully entering his house with a gun, shoots and fatally injures him. Before he lapses into unconsciousness, Aakash shoots her in the shoulder and they are both found and taken to a hospital. Aakash dies in the hospital while Simran is transferred to the I.C.U. At dawn she escapes to the roof of the hospital, where she commits suicide by jumping off the roof. At the same time, Daya is hanged. Simran is shown falling through the air, but before she reaches the ground we see her standing in a meadow and gazing at Daya, who is holding Bittu. Smiling, they hold out their arms to her; she happily runs toward them, and they embrace."] ["Laxmikant Kabadiya  is one of India's richest industrialists, a self made man who's risen from selling scrap to become a construction magnate. His conglomerate is on the verge of a 5000 crore  IPO that should make them one of the largest companies in the country. LK's family - his spinster twin sister Prerna , his two sons Ranjeet and Sameer , their wives Shruti and Anju  respectively and Ranjeet's daughters Sanjana and Namrata, and Sameer's son, Pawan, can't stop salivating at the thought of all that money. Unfortunately for all of them fate displays a wicked sense of humour. On the night before the IPO opens, LK dies while copulating with a starlet Kim , who's aspiring to become the heroine of a film that LK plans to produce. The family is distraught and horrified. Not because a loved one has died but because now no one will buy their shares. So, on the advice of their family guru - Vidyut Baba , the family decides to hide the death of LK for a period of two days till the shares are all sold out. Little do they realize the crazy series of events that will follow on account of this duplicity. After all, hiding the death of a man as famous as LK is a Herculean task. To make matters worse, every time they're ready to announce LK's death, fate intervenes forcing them to keep his death hidden for another couple of days. This results in them having to announce the death of a fictitious friend or relative of LK and stage fake funerals. Which of course means generating dead bodies and, worse, getting the dead LK to make appearances at these funerals."] ["Hamsaveni  after channelling the voice of the Goddess in childhood, is treated as such by her grateful village after water is found after a drought. Her elder brother Vallatharai ([[Vijayakumar  exploits his young sister's powers to make himself rich. When Hamsaveni falls in love with misunderstood drunk-with-heart-of-gold Thambi Durai , Vallatharai is unhappy with her decision, due to the difference in status between the two and, more importantly, he can see his money supply running out. So Vallatharai tries to put Thambi Durai off in various ways from marrying his sister."] ["Daydreamer Rajaram lives a poor lifestyle in a village in India along with his aunt and an unmarried sister, Malti, who has mortgaged their shanty house with Sukhi Lala so that she can educate Rajaram in Bombay. Rajaram pretends to be wealthy in order to get married to his sweetheart, Nisha Sharma, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to a boxer, Ranjeet Gupta. Story opens at college, where an impoverished student named Raja  dreams of making it big and winning his true love Nisha .His rival for her affections, Ranjit  is the class bully and a cheat; but Ranjit’s father and Nisha’s father are close friends and want their children to get married when they graduate.Raja’s roommate and best friend Gopal —also poor—knows the truth of his circumstances, but Raja has fooled everyone else into believing he has a rich father.After Rajaram gets a degree in Arts he returns home and finds out about the debt, he attempts to find work, ends up working as a laborer with Sukhi, but is beaten-up when he is found slacking. Rajaram returns to Bombay, meets with Suleiman, and takes up collecting waste material  from households for a fee. When he returns to his village, he discovers that his sister Malti  and his aunt  are being harassed by the local moneylender to repay the money lent to them for Raja’s education, or he will force Malti to marry him. Raja is overwhelmed at their sacrifices.He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send money home, and is befriended by Sulaiman , who buys bottles and boxes for recycling, and teaches Raja the trade. Raja begins earning money and sends some home to his village. He also meets Gopal again, but doesn’t contact Nisha since he is too poor to court her. When he does run into her, she is going into a New Year’s Eve masquerade party, and thinks that his bottle vendor outfit is his costume. She drags him in with her, where he is tormented again by Ranjit, and further realizes the gulf between himself and Nisha.He slips out and returns home, sad and heartbroken. One day he comes across a sack of bottles, throws it against the door; one broken bottle rolls outside where a big puff of pink smoke materializes from it. out pops a 20000 year old Genie with magical powers. He takes his sack of bottles and As the smoke clears a genie  appears.he genie was imprisoned in the bottle 20,000 years ago by an uncle fed up with his naughtiness. He has sworn an oath to serve his rescuer for a full year, and is going to fulfill this oath whether Raja likes it or not. Chaos ensues!No matter how hard he tries, the genie causes problems for poor Raja. Rajaram does not want anything to do with this Genie, who insists on helping him for one year regardless. With his help Rajaram and Suleiman improve their lifestyle, albeit with a lot of problems, and also improve Rajaram's chances of getting married to Nisha. Sulaiman tells the genie about Nisha, and he tries to help bring them together, but Nisha’s father is determined to get her married to Ranjit. Raja’s aunt sends Malti to him from the village to get her out of the moneylender’s way. He marries her off to Gopal.Meanwhile, Nisha and her father fight about Ranjit. Nisha wants to marry Raja no matter how poor he is. When Ranjit and some of his friends try to run down Raja  he is rescued by the genie in a flying car.Pleased with himself, the genie gives Raja a ring to protect him from Ranjit. he ring, when twisted on the finger, calls up a demon from the underworld who spouts fire and chants “Zum Zum Bah!” I find him much more funny than scary. Raja can’t handle one genie, let alone two, and he throws the ring away. Ranjit, watching, retrieves it after they go.Ranjit owes money to a bunch of goondas, who come to get their money. His plan is to marry Nisha and then repay them. He enlists the help of the demon by asking him to change him to look like Raja, and vice versa.Nisha isn’t fooled, since Ranjit hasn’t changed his voice or his manners. Raja and the genie rescue her when he assaults her. They celebrate by flying with the genie over Bombay.He transports them to a magical place where they sing another pretty song. I’m reminded of Kashmir Ki Kali with a genie thrown in.By now Nisha’s father has discovered what a scoundrel Ranjit is, and told Nisha that she can marry Raja. So Ranjit will have to resort to drastic measures! He and the demon go to Nisha’s house and kidnap her and her father.They are taken away to the underworld.The genie and Raja follow, although the genie’s power doesn’t work in the underworld. Can they overcome the demon without special powers? Will they rescue Nisha and Sharmaji? What will happen to Ranjit?"] ['In the small village of Kusavde, there is a lonely misunderstood wild bull. The bull, "Valu", is actually a holy, consecrated bull which is the responsibility of the village. It is allowed to roam free and is the responsibility of the entire village. But lately, Valu becomes very aggressive and is blamed for every single act of chaos and destruction that happens in and around the village. Now catching the bull becomes equivalent to establishing power in the village for the leaders and for those who are interested in the fringe benefits. The film intertwines various stories of the war between the two leaders; love stories that bloom in the midst of the adventure; an amateur filmmaker who struggles to shoot a documentary; the forest officer who leads this chaos like a sacred mission along with the religious priest; the tricksters and a mad women who seems to understand the mind of the Valu.'] ["A man  is found wounded on railway tracks and when he awakens he has no memory of who he is and doesn't remember anything about his life. Six years later he is living with a wealthy couple and is now named Naresh Dutt. One day he begins to regain his memory when he watches a film and realises that the actress in the film is related to him somehow. It is then that he discovers the actress in the film is none other than his wife Rekha Roy . He finds out that she is now a very successful film actress changing her name to Sunita Devi and her manager is none other than Ranjeet Malik  who was once his best friend. In flashbacks he remembers that his real name is Amit Roy and Ranjit was the one who attempted to kill him six years earlier by throwing him off the train he was travelling on with Rekha. Amit also discovers that his young son who is now 10 years old has been sent to a boarding school and sets out a plan to regain custody of his son. First however he plans on taking revenge against Ranjit. Amit comes up with a plan to re-enter Rekha and Ranjit's lives by disguising himself as a film producer. He meets with Rekha and Ranjit and offers Rekha the opportunity to act in his new film titled Do Anjaane. Rekha and Ranjit grow suspicious of Naresh Dutt as they start to realise that he bears a striking resemblance to Rekha's supposedly deceased husband Amit Roy and the storyline of his film eerily mirrors Rekha's past life. Will she discover the true identity of Naresh Dutt? and what revenge has Amit/Naresh got planned for Ranjit?"] ['Sir Narayan Mukherjee , a zamindar, and his wife Kaushalya  have heard that their younger son, Devdas , is coming home from a law school in England to their mansion in Tal Sonapur, Bengal after an absence of ten years. When Kaushalya tells her neighbor Sumitra about Devdas\' impending return, Sumitra is as overjoyed as Devdas\' own mother, and with tears in her eyes she reminisces with Kaushalya about Devdas\' and her daughter\'s deep childhood friendship. She describes how when Devdas was sent off to England at the age of ten, her daughter Paro had chased his carriage weeping, trying to return to him 3 rupees that she owed. The young girl Paro had then lit a lamp for Devdas, which she tended throughout her childhood in honor of her dear friend and never allowed to extinguish. On the day of his return, Kaushalya insists everyone in the family close their eyes so that she will be the first person to see her son. Her plan backfires, however, when instead of coming straight home, Devdas goes to see "Paro" Parvati Chakraborty , his childhood sweetheart, first. This incident makes Kaushalya jealous and at first she refuses to receive her son when he arrives, but he cajoles her and they joyfully reunite. In the ensuing weeks it becomes clear that the years apart have turned Devdas\' and Paro\'s friendship into love. It seems to everyone, including Paro\'s mother Sumitra , that Devdas and Paro will get married, but Devdas\'s scheming sister-in-law Kumud  reminds Kaushalya of Paro\'s maternal lineage, which consists of mujra dancers. This is considered inappropriate for an alliance with the Mukherjee family. When Sumitra announces her desire for Devdas and Paro to marry, Kaushalya rejects and humiliates her in public. Devastated, Sumitra vows to ensure that Paro will get an even better marriage, and to find her an husband in a period of seven days. She soon arranges for Paro to marry Thakur Bhuvan Chaudhry , a forty-year-old widowed aristocrat with three grown children. Meanwhile, Devdas\' harsh and ambitious father also rejects Paro and tells Devdas that both Paro and her mother belong in a brothel. Devdas leaves his parents\' house and takes refuge at a brothel with his college friend Chunnibabu . He leaves a letter for Paro, falsely stating that love had never existed between them. At the brothel, Devdas meets a good-hearted tawaif  named Chandramukhi , who falls in love with him. Soon, Devdas realizes his mistake in abandoning Paro. He returns to Paro at the time of her wedding to Bhuvan Chaudhry and asks her to elope with him. Paro refuses, reminding him of the way he had discarded her so easily. Grieved, Dev leads Paro to her bridal procession and Paro, still holding the lamp, sobs as she is carried away. Paro learns from her new aristocrat husband that he has married her only to be mother to his children and lady of the estate, but that his love is only for his late first wife and he has no plan to have a true love relationship with her. Paro dutifully fulfills all her responsibilities, serving as a kind mother to the children and exemplary lady. Devdas, having lost Paro, is heartbroken. He moves to Chandramukhi\'s brothel permanently and becomes an alcoholic. When Paro hears that Devdas\' father is on his death bed, despite his past cruelties to Devdas and herself, she rushes to his bedside to offer comfort. He asks to see his son Devdas, but Devdas only arrives later, drunk, at his father\'s funeral. Eventually, Devdas becomes so ill that the slightest dose of alcohol could kill him. He returns to the family home to heal, and discovers that his sister-in-law has stolen his mother\'s keys to the family safe. He confronts his sister-in-law and brother demanding they return the keys. An altercation ensues, and when his mother appears asking what is going on, the sister-in-law claims that Devdas had stolen the keys. His mother again believes the sister-in-law and sides against Devdas. Without denouncing the true culprits, Devdas leaves, banished. News of Dev\'s alcoholism reaches Paro, who arrives at Chandramukhi\'s brothel and angrily accuses her of manipulating Devdas into drinking. She soon realizes, however, that Chandramukhi deeply cares for Devdas. Chandramukhi urges Paro to convince Devdas to stop drinking; Paro attempts to persuade him, but Devdas remains stubborn. He promises Paro that before he dies, he will come to her doorstep one last time. Paro invites Chandramukhi, whom she has befriended, to a celebration of Durga Puja at her husband\'s home and introduces Chandramukhi to her in-laws without revealing her profession. However, Bhuvan\'s ill-natured son-in-law Kalibabu , a frequent visitor to Chandramukhi\'s brothel who made inappropriate advances towards Paro, reveals Chandramukhi\'s background and humiliates her in front of Bhuvan and the guests. He also tells Bhuvan of Paro\'s relationship with Devdas. As a result, Bhuvan punishes Paro by permanently forbidding her from leaving the mansion. Devdas tells Chandramukhi that he loves her but that she must let him go. He decides to travel the country; while on a train, he meets his old friend Chunnibabu, who urges him to drink in the name of friendship. Devdas drinks knowing fully well it will be fatal. On the verge of death, Devdas travels to Paro\'s house to honor his promise, collapsing under a tree in front of the main gate. Paro at first is only told that the man outside is an anonymous traveller. She performs prayers inside the house, and as she throws flower petals on the icon, flower petals likewise fall on Devdas outside. Paro then learns that it is Devdas outside the gates, and, screaming his name, runs through the mansion and grounds attempting to reach him. Bhuvan sees this and orders the servants to close the gates, leaving her sobbing inside the gates. Devdas sees a blurred image of Paro running to him, but the gates close before she can reach him and Devdas dies. At the same time, the lamp that Paro had lit for him flickers out.'] ["There is a proverb which says that whatever is written in one’s destiny in some way or the other actually happens. But if we fight against it, and make the incident happen in a different way- then what? This film follows Rashi  A woman who doesn't know what her destiny has written for her. One day she gets fired from her job and now is ready to leave on the next train, but that one second that she has to decide whether to take the train or not to,she choses not to. From then the film follows The film is Saroj Entertainment Pvt Ltd first home production."] ['Manav  comes to visit India with his wealthy father Jagmohan Mehta , his aunt and uncle, and his father\'s employees. In Chamba he meets Mansi , the beautiful daughter of a spiritual singer named Tara Babu ; their families meet, and Jagmohan and Tara Babu become acquainted and friendly toward each other. Manav and Mansi fall in love, but when Jagmohan learns of this he packs the family up and moves them to their house in Mumbai, with the excuse that Mansi and her father are of low social status. However, he is nice to Tara Babu\'s face and invites him to come and stay with him and Mumbai if he, Tara Babu, ever happens to be travelling there. Mansi is distressed by Manav\'s departure but he assures her that he will not abandon her and that everything will be fine. She gives Manav his scarf which she modified, making it say "Manavsi", a mixture of their names. When Tara Babu learns of Manav and Mansi\'s affair he is at first angry but soon agrees to travel to Mumbai to visit his younger sister Prabha and to meet Manav\'s family. Instead they are insulted by Jagmohan\'s sister-in-law, brother, and the employees and endure hostile treatment. They are forced to sit and wait outside for 9 hours before being invited into the house. When Jagmohan finally arrives at the scene, he too insults Tara Babu, which results in Tara Babu\'s slapping him across the face. Manav also arrives, and he rudely reprimands Tara Babu as well. Meanwhile Mansi, after witnessing Manav shout at her father, makes it clear to Manav that she wants nothing to do with him anymore. She and her father then leave the Mehta household deeply hurt. Mansi soon meets Vikrant Kapoor , a successful and famous music producer/director, who happens to be a fan of Tara Babu\'s work. With the encouragement of Prabha, she arranges a three-year contract with Vikrant, and Mansi performs dance numbers and remixes of Tara Babu\'s songs as well as some of Vikrant\'s productions. She wins awards and becomes a sensation in India. In the meantime Vikrant starts to fall in love with Mansi. Matters are further complicated when Manav arrives to apologize to Mansi for what he and his family did, as she rejects him out of grief for how he treated her father. However, he tells her that he knows she still loves him, and that he will wait for her. Vikrant learns of what happened between Manav and Mansi, but he chooses to ignore it. He has a few encounters with Manav but takes them lightly. Vikrant proposes to Mansi soon afterwards, and her father and aunt encourage her to accept it, with the hope that it will help her forget Manav. She accepts the proposal even though she is not in love with Vikrant. After winning an International MTV Award in Canada, she comes back to India to prepare for the marriage. In the meantime Jagmohan and Tara Babu patch things up after Jagmohan realizes his mistake. On the day of the marriage Manav arrives and tells Mansi that by marrying Vikrant when she loves Manav she is deceiving both him and herself, and that marriage is not a contract but a union of two souls; he reminds her that he loves her and will never stop waiting for her. Jagmohan also comes to the wedding with Manav and Tara Babu. Vikrant soon realizes, after seeing Mansi\'s reaction to seeing Manav, that she loves Manav. He assures her that the three of them can still be friends, and urges her to run to Manav. Jagmohan and Tara Babu give their blessings, and Manav and Mansi embrace. One of the last scenes shows everyone taking a family picture at the Mehta household after the wedding.'] ['The kingdom\'s chief minister wants his son to marry the king\'s daughter, Princess Vidyadhare. When he expresses his wish to the king, he is ridiculed. Instead, the king orders him to search for a "Sakala Vidya Paarangatha" groom for his daughter. Vowing to take revenge against the insult, the minister goes in search of a foolish groom. Kalidasa, a humble shepherd/Kuruba Gowda is shown rearing his sheep. Convinced of his stupidity, the minister charms Kalidasa to accompany him to the palace, so that Kalidasa can marry the princess. Coached by the minister, Kalidasa excels in the tests conducted by Vidyadhare . The minister is shrewd enough to teach a key sentence to Kalidasa. If he can\'t answer a question, Kalidasa must utter "heluvudakkU, kEluvudakku, idu samayavalla"  Vidyadhare is fooled by Kalidasa\'s brilliance and marries him. However, the truth comes out during the first night. Shattered, Vidyadhare locks Kalidasa in the palace temple and gets him to demand "vidyaabuddhi"  from the goddess Kali. In a mystical scene, Vidyadhare loses consciousness, while Kalidasa is blessed with vidyaabuddhi. Kalidasa is shown walking away from the palace-temple, implying his casting off his earlier ignorance and walking away from his previous life. Vidyadhare regains consciousness and goes in search of her husband. Kalidasa, now a renowned poet, is one of the astadiggajas  in the court of King Bhoja , much to the ire of the elder poet Musuri Krishnamurthy. Bhoja pleads with his dear friend Kalidasa to write a charama geethe  for him. Kalidasa refuses, since Bhoja is sure to die once he hears the song. Vidyadhare rests at a prostitute Kalaadhare\'s home and catches Kalidasa\'s attention. Vidyadhare is pleased to see her husband, but Kalidasa is unaware of his former life. Kalidasa composes his best work Abhignaanashaakuntala with romantic interests on vidyadhare. Bhoja can\'t bear the fact that his aptamitra  Kalidasa is in the company of a prostitute. The differences lead to Kalidasa parting ways with Bhoja and walking out of his court. Dimdima kavi, who is blessed with a dindima from the goddess Saraswati, throws a literary challenge to Bhoja\'s ashtadiggajas, asking them to complete his shloka with the answer. Bhoja recalls his friend, when none can answer the question, kamale kamlotpattitih . Shamed Bhoja announces that he will donate half of his kingdom to anyone who solves the puzzle. Kalaadhare gets the answer from Kalidasa and poisons him. She walks into royal court, to claim half kingdom. She answers, "Eye lotuses in the face lotus of my lady." Dimdima kavi, who could silence herds of lauretes with his dimdima, catches her fault, asking when she herself is a lady, how can she say "milady." He announces that other than Kalidasa no one can answer this puzzle. Bhoja rushes the guards to Kalaadhare\'s house, only to find the dead body of Kalidasa. Bhoja also learns the truth from Vidyadhare: Kalidasa was her husband. Bhoja pledges to Vidyadhare that he\'ll get her husband back to her and prays to the goddess Kali to donate his half life to Kalidasa. When Kalidasa awakes to life, Bhoja hides himself and tricks him to sing "charama geethe." Bhoja dies once his friend has completed the song. The onus is now on Kalidasa to get his friend back to life; the only way is the divine intervention. He prays his heart out to the goddess Kali, who is touched by the love and affection Kalidasa and Bhoja bestow on each other. The goddess blesses both Kalidasa and Bhoja with long lives. The movie ends with Kalidasa reuniting with Vidyadhare.'] ["Suhaan  and Piya  fell in love in college and eloped. However, he has to keep his marriage a secret in order to further his career as a movie star and, when his career hits a low, he returns home to find out that she has left him. She does not answer his calls or letters, and he soon receives divorce papers in the mail. The film begins when Suhaan receives a notice saying his ex-wife Piya, who has settled in New York, wants a divorce settlement of 50 lakh rupees, since he failed to make his alimony payments due to his poor financial condition. Suhaan appeals to his uncle Boney , a midget lawyer, for help. As they try to figure out a solution, Agastya Rao  lands at their doorstep searching for Piya. He reveals to them that he fell in love with Piya during his college days but could not express his love to her because she was in love with someone else, unaware that the person he lost her to was Suhaan. Piya had ignored Agastya then, a nerd, a nobody, and even broke his heart by blowing him off to be with Suhaan at a concert that Agastya had taken her to. A heartbroken Agastya left the college as a result and eventually wound up in Houston working for NASA. Suhaan and Boney hatch a plan to get Agastya and Piya together, so that Suhaan need not pay alimony to Piya and Agastya gets the girl of his dreams. Suhaan accompanies Agastya to New York City to help Agastya win Piya over. They rent an apartment opposite Piya's and watch her every move, literally, using telescopes, binoculars, and surveillance techniques. Using a headset, Suhaan feeds Agastya lines to woo Piya with and eventually succeeds in getting Piya and Agastya together. One night, Suhaan finds out Piya has a baby girl, Suhaan's daughter. He realizes that she left him since she did not want her and the baby to ruin Suhaan's film career. Suhaan realizes his mistake and tries to make amends and start a new life with Piya and his daughter, Suhani. Unfortunately, before he can act, Piya gets engaged to Agastya. It later emerges that Piya's brother, Vishal, had been hiding letters that Suhaan wrote to her and was responsible for initiating the divorce process. Agastya realizes Piya is still in love with Suhaan and not him; so he reveals the truth and tells her to be with Suhaan. Piya flies back to India where Suhaan is trying to find work a small-time actor. They express their mutual love, reuniting their broken family. A few years later, Agastya is on a NASA space shuttle and initiates a video conference with Suhaan and Piya. He introduces them to his new girlfriend who looks strikingly similar to Piya, Preity Zintakova ."] ["Raghuvir Rajadhyaksha  moves to Mumbai after his retirement to live with his son Sanjay who is now getting married and has future plans of going to USA. Raghu, a widower from past 14 years meets Kusumawati, his teenage crush. Kusumawati is now known as Durgi as she was named that after her marriage with a rich barrister from Pune. Durgi's marriage fails as she is abused & harassed. Her father dies of heart attack and her brother sells off all the property and leaves with his wife to live separately. Durgi is thus left alone to aid her ailing old mother. Raghu being all alone and finding Durgi also to be same, falls in love with her again and decides to get married. But he has to face opposition from his son and his wife's sister."] ["The film is about two lovers Ayesha Verma  and Ajay . The two of them fall in love after Ayesha moves to the city and joins the same collegess Ajay is studying in. The rest of the movie is how the lovers get united in spite of opposition from Ayesha's father .and dilip tahil wanted ayesha to marry his son."] ["Kewal  reluctantly accepts his father 's demands to continue the family tradition by studying law and become a successful lawyer just like him. However due to a lack of interest in becoming a lawyer and more interest in opening up his own theatre company, he fails his law exams and is thrown out of the house by his father. Luckily he finds a patron of the arts Rajan,  who is the owner of a theater company, that has closed down. A childhood romance with a girl named Nimmi haunts his fantasies, and Kewal searches for her in other women, even renaming them after his former sweetheart. With a theater, a play and a feminine image in his mind, he discovers a woman made homeless by Partition  and the play of his dreams can at last be written and performed."] ["Pooja Dharamchand  is the daughter of a rich Mumbai shipping tycoon, Seth Dharamchand . She is head-over-heels in love with movie star Deepak Kumar , but her father strongly disapproves of their courtship. One night, Pooja escapes from her father's yacht and hops onto a bus to Bangalore to be with Deepak, who is shooting there. Meanwhile, Seth Dharamchand, realizing his daughter has run away, dispatches private detectives to locate her. Aboard the bus, Pooja meets Raghu Jetley , a loud-mouth newspaperman, a man of values like straightforwardness and some sort of arrogance, who has just lost his job. He offers to help her in exchange for an exclusive story on her, which would revive his flagging career. Pooja is forced to agree to his demands, as he threatens to let her father know of her whereabouts should she not comply. After the bus breaks down, Raghu and Pooja go through various adventures together and find themselves falling more and more in love. Raghu desires to marry Pooja, but financially he is in no shape to do so. He simply wanted a story on her life and never wanted to win her heart. Pooja also falls for Raghu and she decides to go with him, but a misunderstanding leads her to believe that Raghu was just looking for a story and not her love. She calls it quits, returns home and agrees to marry Deepak. However, her father learns about Raghu when he comes to him to take back his money, spent by Raghu on Pooja on his way to Bangalore. He realises how Raghu has taken care of Pooja during the trip. Pooja misunderstands him and believes that he might have come for the reward announced by her rich father. At last her father tells Pooja that Raghu is the right man for her and that he has not come for the reward. On the wedding day she realises that Raghu really loves her and then runs away from the marriage mandap to Raghu."] ["The themes of the film “Desh Drohi “ include politics, corruption and the common man. At the start of the film a man named Raja arrives in Mumbai searching for a job, after leaving his father and both neighbour and sweetheart, Neha, behind in his village. In Mumbai Raja meets Shekhar, who works as a watchman, and Sonia, who works for Baba Kadam, a drug dealer. At one point Raja helps Sonia escape from an attack by a group working for another drug dealer called Rajan Nayak, the enemy of Baba Kadam. The two eventually fall in love. After realising that living in Mumbai is particularly difficult for North Indians, Raja petitions Shrivastav, a North Indian politician who exploits common people for his political career, for help. The drug mafia of Mumbai city is assisted by politicians and the media want to reveal the corruption prevalent in the city. Due to his involvement, Raja is marked for death by Rajan Nayak, who contracts a police inspector to kill both him and Sonia. However the Inspector fails and is killed. The police pursue Raja and Sonia, who are also running from Rajan Nayak. Raja attempts to get help from Shrivastav, to no avail, and even Sonia's boss, Baba Kadam, abandons the pair. Pushed to the limit, Raja resolves to kill all involved, in which he is helped by Inspector Rohit Raghav, the new husband of Raja's village sweetheart, to kill Srivastva. How Raja and Sonia will escape law and teach the criminals a lesson is the story of the film.Movie Blog » Movie Preview: Desh Drohi"] ["{{plot}} Ramesh Chander is a businessman whose son is a veena player and keeps asking his son Deepak whether he would marry his childhood friend Asha. Deepak keeps declining this idea. Deepak Chander is a musician who falls in love with one of his fans named Jyoti. Jyoti is a good dancer and Deepak informs his parents by way of telegram that he has chosen a girl. Deepak promises he would pay off the debts owed by Jyoti's father. But when Deepak reaches his home in Bombay, he finds that his own father, Ramesh, has committed suicide due to bankruptcy. Ramesh also expresses his last wish that his second wife and her daughter be taken care of. Due to these incidents, Deepak is delayed in Bombay and is unable to return to Kashmir within a week. Meanwhile, in Kashmir, the Jyot's creditor asks Jyoti's father for money and Jyoti expresses her inability to pay back money now. At this, the creditor gives a warning to Jyoti's dad. Fearing the creditor, when Deepak does arrive at the house of Jyoti in Kashmir, Jyoti's father lies to Deepak that he has married off his daughter to the creditor. Deepak is heartbroken and returns home. Seth Badri Prasad, a rich man who was the childhood friend of Ramsh Chander, bails out Deepak from the bankruptcy problem, requests all of Ramesh's creditors, to whom Ramesh had pledged the bungalow for loans, to not to file suit against Deepak and that they should auction the bunglow and he would by himself buy it. When Deepak comes to know of this, he feels indebted to Seth Badri Prasad. Since Deepak became an adult, Badri Prasad had been forcing his friend Ramesh Chander to ask Deepak to marry Asha . After Deepak returns to Bombay, his mother suggests him that he should now get settled in his life and bring some happiness in his life and for that he needs to marry Asha. After much hesitation, Deepak marries Asha, his childhood friend and daughter of Badri Prasad. During the wedding, Deepak observes that among the audience, there is woman who looks similar to Jyoti. Deepak then, on his wedding night itself, goes and searches for the Jyoti lookalike in many hotels and lodges and at last finds that the woman was none other than Jyoti herself. Now Deepak comes to know that Jyoti was not married to Hukumchand and that her father had lied to him. Jyoti, in helping Mauji, had come to Bombay in search of Deepak. Jyoti also discloses to Deepak that she is the mother of Deepak's child. On knowing this, Deepak decides to end his marriage with Asha and to tell Asha the truth. But Jyoti insists that this would be a big shock to Asha and that Asha would not be able to remarry as the society might discard her. Jyoti thus asks Deepak to consider as if he had never met her and continue to have a good married life with Asha. Thus, for the welfare of Asha, Jyoti insists that Deepak be a loyal husband of Asha and that she would take care of Deepak's child by herself. Later Jyoti becomes a popular dance teacher in her city. Although Deepak marries Asha, whenever he goes near Asha, he has memories of Jyoti and thus avoids going near her. Asha decides to learn dancing form Jyoti. As a year goes by Jyoti and Asha become very close friends. Asha discloses that her husband is not loving her and that although a year has passed since their wedding day, her husband does not even come close to her. Jyoti visits Asha's home and learns that Asha is none other than Deepak's second wife. Jyoti then advices Deepak to be a true husband to Asha and give Asha the pleasures of married life. Gradually Asha learns that Jyoti and Deepak were lovers even before her marriage to Deepak. Asha suspects that Jyoti may have taken advantage of her telling secrets to Jyoti and that Jyoti is having an extramarital affair with Deepak. The rest of the story is about how Asha will come to know that both Deepak and Jyoti are well wishers of Asha and are completely innocent, and that they were also victims of the unpredictable nature of fate. After coming to know the truth of exact nature of events, both Asha and Jyoti, decide to sacrifice their respective lives to let the other live a nice happy married life with Deepak."] ["Dr. Sunil Gupta  lives a wealthy lifestyle with his wife, Aarti . After several years of marriage the couple still struggle to bring a child to the world. Aarti decides to take a break and visits their Khandala bungalow, which is near her sister Vidya's  house, where she lives with her husband  and their son Raju. Aarti's bungalow is being decorated by Vinod , who was hired by Vidya and whom she remembers as a fellow from college, both spend considerable time together. Knowing that Aarti is basically all alone, Vinod tries to molest her, and after an intense confrontation Aarti accidentally kills him. Vidya assists Aarti in disposing off his body, however, a few days later, Sunil comes to Khandala and brings home a man who claims that he has lost his memory. The man is none other than Vinod - and Sunil's diagnosis indicates a gradual recovery for Vinod at the end of which he will regain his memory. The story deepens as Vidya and Aarti try to prevent this from happening."] ['Sree Thankappan Nair  is a rich man, who has cheated his sister out of her property. Her son Achuthan  wants to reclaim the land forcibly taken by his uncle,as well as marry his daughter, Nandini  with whom he was in love. He and his friends hatch a plan to hoodwink Thankappan Nair, pretending to have earned a fortune working in Dubai.'] ["Three individuals - Akshay , Mr. Joshi  and Lambodar Jha have their own share of troubles as a common man. While Akshay is a struggling crime reporter, Mr. Joshi is a retired accountant troubled by his ungrateful son. Lambodar finds it difficult to deal with his wife over his job and is very aggressive to tall people, because he is very short and is often made fun of. Together they share their plight and find solace in each other's company. On one occasion, their harmless prank to tackle their problems leads to a series of events that puts them into media spotlight. Upon gathering this attention, the trio put their new-founded fame into effect leading to several instances. The sequence of events turn them into being the talk of the nation. In the end, Akshay gets married to his love, Priya, with Datto Bhai happily watching. Mr. Joshi gets his son's $1core Rs., and claims he got a lottery to hide the fact that he was C Kkompany and that he extorted the money. Lambodar starts his own business, and you have to be at least 6 feet tall to work there. The three live happily ever after, and the movie ends."] ["Zara Kampani  meets Sameer  in a pub and lands in his flat asking him to kidnap her so that she can test her husband, Jatin's ([[Arbaaz Khan  love. Samir can’t refuse because he is in desperate need of money. He hasn’t paid his rent for months and also has to return a huge sum of money to a bhai . Zara takes Sameer to Woodstock Villa, the location of kidnapping. Sameer orders Jatin to hand over 50 lakhs to him. After returning, Sameer discovers Zara dead. An anonymous caller then threatens him that he has only 30 minutes to bury the body and clear up all the evidence. He disposes her body in a forest and returns. To be on the safer side, he leaves the city and goes to Bangalore. Sameer sees Zara's video on television and heads back to find the truth. He finds Zara and convinces her to tell him the truth. Zara reveals that she and Jatin truly loved each other. Once in a fight, Jatin's real wife, Zara accidentally, died and as her and Zara's face was quite similar, she played the role of Zara. The kidnapping plan was hatched by Jatin and his girlfriend to get out of this murder and trap somebody else. Sameer calls Jatin to Woodstock villa with the money and he pays his rent and loan. He goes to the airport while Jatin gets caught by the police. Jatin tells the police that he is not the only one to commit the crime. Sameer gives the bag of money to Zara but there was no money inside that bag, he took the real bag of money. The ball was in Zara's court. If she would have boarded the plane, Sameer would have trusted her. She decided to cheat Sameer and got cheated herself. Sameer's flight takes off while Jatin's partner gets arrested."] ["The film takes place in the impoverished village of Laholi where, following droughts, most of the villagers' possessions are mortgaged to the local Thakurani Karamkali . One of the few entertainments the villagers can afford is the lottery, Malaamal Weekly . Lilaram  is the only educated man in the village. He has the job of intermediary between the lottery organisation and the village, for which he receives a commission whenever a villager wins; thus, he has a relatively good but volatile income. One day he reads the winning lottery numbers and realises that one of the tickets has won the top prize of one crore . He devises a plan to obtain the winning ticket and present it to the commission as his own. He hosts a dinner  and invites all the villagers who play the lottery, but the man he is looking for does not turn up. By elimination he deduces that the winner is Anthony  Lilaram attempts to pry the ticket from Anthony's fingers but is thwarted by Anthony's body in rigor mortis. Lilaram eventually succeeds in freeing it with a knife; at this point Ballu , the local dairy farmer, enters the house and discovers him standing over Anthony's corpse with what appears to be the murder weapon in his hand. Lilaram tells Ballu the truth and convinces him to remain silent in exchange for sharing the lottery winnings between them. Unfortunately for them, before dying Anthony managed to call the lottery commission and give his name and address, as well as his sister and several people to whom he owed money to tell them of his good fortune. The secret soon becomes impossible to keep, and Lilaram must figure out how to fool the lottery inspector ([[Arbaaz Khan , who is on his way to the village to interview Anthony."] ['Ashok Tandon  is a bank manager, and is in love with Deepa , and both are to be married soon. However, Ashok is arrested for theft from the bank. the plot match with The Count of Monte Cristo ,He asks Deepa to look after his mom , which she agrees to do. He is sentenced to prison for several years. After his release he finds out that his mother has died; Deepa is married and has re-located; and he was framed by his colleagues at the bank. Devastated but still honest, he is befriended by Raja Ranbir Singh, who gives him a job, as well a new identity. Ashok now becomes Bikram Singh, and he must seek out Deepa, and his shrewd and calculating colleagues at the bank to extract vengeance.'] ['Pulikattil Charlie is a pet of his mom and grandma. He, after the death of his father, has struggled hard to create a business empire of his own. His father was a ruthless feudal landlord, who during his lifetime had done several heinous crimes. Charlie is now helping all those who had to once suffer from the hands of his father. Charlie is married to a girl, whose father was killed by his father. Her brother Karnan returns from jail to avenge against Charlie. Karnan is unaware of the fact that his sister is married to Charlie. Later he realizes that Charlie is a good hearted person and gives up revenge and apologizes to Charlie.http://www.sify.com/movies/onam-the-final-report-card-news-malayalam-kkfvHvafjca.html'] ['The film opens in Dev Lok or “the world of the gods,” a Hindu heaven located above the clouds, where we witness the “birth” of Santoshi Ma as the daughter of Ganesha, the elephant headed god of good beginnings, and his two wives Riddhi and Siddhi . A key role is played by the immortal sage Narada, a devotee of Vishnu, and a cosmic busybody who regularly intervenes to advance the film’s two parallel plots, which concern both human beings and gods. We soon meet the maiden Satyavati , Santoshi Ma’s greatest earthly devotee, leading a group of women in an aarti  to the goddess. This first song, "Main To Arti Utaru", “I perform Mother Santoshi’s arti,” exemplifies through its camerawork the experience of darshan —of “seeing” and being seen by a deity in the reciprocal act of “visual communion” that is central to Hindu worship. Through the Mother’s grace, Satyavati soon meets, falls in love with, and manages to marry the handsome lad Birju , youngest of seven brothers in a prosperous farm family, an artistic flute-playing type who can also render a zippy bhajan on request . Alas, with the boy come the in-laws, and two of Birju’s six sisters-in-law, Durga and Maya  are jealous shrews who have it in for him and Satyavati from the beginning. To make matters worse, Narada  stirs up the jealousy of three senior goddesses, Lakshmi, Parvati, and Brahmani —the wives of the “Hindu trinity” of Vishnu, Shiva, and Brahma—against the “upstart” goddess Santoshi Ma. They decide to examine her perseverance worship by making life miserable for her chief devotee. After a fight with his relatives, Birju leaves home to seek his fortune, narrowly escaping a watery grave  through his wife’s devotion to Santoshi Ma. Nevertheless, the divine ladies convince his family that he is indeed dead, adding the stigma of widowhood to Satyavati’s other woes. Her sisters-in-law treat her like a slave, beat and starve her, and a local rogue attempts to rape her; Santoshi Ma , taking a human form, rescues her several times. Eventually Satyavati is driven to attempt suicide, but is stopped by Narada, who tells her about the sixteen-Fridays fast in honor of Santoshi Ma, which can grant any wish. Satyavati completes it with great difficulty and more divine assistance, and just in the nick of time: for the now-prosperous Birju, stricken with amnesia by the angry goddesses and living in a distant place, has fallen in love with a rich merchant’s daughter. Through Santoshi Ma’s grace, he gets his memory back and returns home laden with wealth. When he discovers the awful treatment given to his wife, he builds a palatial home for the two of them, complete with an in-house temple to the Mother. Satyavati plans a grand ceremony of udyapan or “completion”  and invites her in-laws. But the nasty celestials and sadistic sisters-in-law make a last-ditch effort to ruin her by squeezing lime juice into one of the dishes . All hell breaks loose —civil war between goddesses— before peace is finally restored, on earth as it is in heaven, and a new deity is triumphantly welcomed to the pantheon.'] ["Vijay Pal Singh  is a disgraced Merchant Navy captain who is branded a coward, humiliated by society and disowned by his parents for abandoning ship risking the lives of over 300 passengers . Feeling guilty over his cowardice and with low self-esteem, he starts working as a coal miner to forget his past. He meets and becomes friends with Ravi , an engineer incharge of the mine. He also makes an enemy in another co-worker named Mangal  who is an escaped criminal working in the mine to avoid the police. Vijay's past comes to haunt him as he sees Mangal causing trouble for the coal miners and angry over his cowardice over what happened when he was in the navy, Vijay tries to defend the miners against Mangal. Ravi eventually gets Vijay and Mangal to be friends after circumstances surrounding the mine force Mangal to change himself. The one person who supports Vijay him in his life is Dr Sudha Sen  who tries to make Vijay face up to his past and move on. Ravi and Mangal also get involved in their own romances with Anita  and Channo  respectively. When Seth Dhanraj  makes lives difficult for the coal miners by giving them poor equipment, less than sufficient medical supplies and lack of facilities, Vijay, Ravi and Mangal forcefully come together to fight for justice against Dhanraj when water floods the mines endangering the lives of hundreds of workers including that of Shatrughna Sinha. The disaster actually took place at a place called Chasnala in erswhile Bihar . The film, though not a commercial hit then, had it's own intensity and fire in it. Especially for the character Vijay Pal Singh played by Yash Chopra's favorite Vijay Amitabh Bachchan. He didn't have much dialogues and he rather emoted with his fiery eyes. His base baritone set the right tone for the content and his various emotions come out in the form of frustration, anger, love, compassion and disgust. His chracter was neatly supported by many other legends of that time like Shashi Kapoor, Shatrughan Sinha, Raakhee Gulzar, Parveen Babi, Prem Chopra etc. The movie is now termed as a Yash Chopra classic."] ["Two film academy students, Ali  and Sameer , must make a movie in order to graduate. They choose to create a documentary illustrating reasons not to join the Indian Armed Forces, and go on a motorcycle road trip bearing three letters they have been given to deliver &mdash; each from a slain soldier to his family. On their first stop, in Atari, Amritsar, they meet the widow, Kuljeet Kaur , and the son, Jassi, of a Sikh soldier, Balkar Singh , who was killed in action three years earlier. The students find that the entire village is greatly proud of the heroic officer and his sacrifice for country. The students' second stop, Himachal, finds them meeting the wheelchair-using former Air Force pilot Vikram Shergill , whose Army officer brother, DJ , had also been KIA. There they see that Vikram Shergill is very proud of his brother's sacrifice for his country. Finally, back in Leh, the duo meet the parents, Dr. and Mrs. Naqvi, whose son Sahil  had also died for his country. After bringing Dr. Naqvi's  life back to normal, they finally end their filming. After meeting all three families they realized that being a soldier is all about proud love for one's motherland. Years later, Jassi , now a man and a soldier himself, visits Ali and Sameer at the military academy the two former film students had founded after failing multiple times in army entrance test."] ["Taxi No 9211 focuses on Raghav Shastri , a cab driver in Mumbai who lies to his wife about his job, pretending to be an insurance salesman. One day, he gives Jai Mittal ([[John Abraham , a young businessman, a lift. Jai is fighting for ownership rights of his late father's estate. The cab involves in an accident with Jai escaping as he's in hurry. Jai loses the key to the vault containing his father's will in the back of Raghav's taxi. Raghav decides to hide it from Jai, who, in search for his lost item, goes to Raghav's house and tells his wife what he really does for a living. She leaves him, taking their son, and Raghav decides to take revenge. Raghav and Jai vow to kill each other in their fight for their own properties. When Raghav fails to kill Jai he targets Jai's girlfriend, Rupali . As Raghav chases Rupali she is saved by Jai by hair's breadth. Jai lets Rupali escape and he attacks Raghav. They have a dirty car fight, but both survive. Raghav then decides to go to Jai's place. Jai returns to his apartment from a second court hearing regarding his father's estate in defeat, because he doesn't have his father's will. He discovers the will, torn to pieces and pasted on the wall of his apartment. Jai becomes depressed and feels lonely after his friends left him.Soon he even gets dumped by Rupali. Losing everything that used to be precious for him, Jai realize the hard hitting life, and start respecting his father and his work. On the other side Raghav is caught again by police and taken to police station where his wife tells his real character and problem within himself. soon he realize his deeds. Later he gets out of cell by Jai, where he ask for a drink and make jai to take him in his apartment. Raghav give back his will and say he never destroyed it rather he tore the fake one. The film ends with Jai rejecting the will and taking back the case but he is given back everything since his father wanted to him like that, Raghav having new fresh life with his family. Priyanka Chopra has a cameo appearance hinting the audience to be the new girlfriend of Jai."] ["The story begins with the fall of Mangalasherry Neelakantan's  son Karthikeyan , as he ventures out to make money which ultimately makes him a liquor baron. The relationship between Neelakantan and Karthikeyan deteriorates, as the father does not approve of his son's money-making methods. Mundakkal Shekharan ([[Napoleon  comes into the picture again after spending a term in prison for killing one of Neelakantan's friends. He decides to finish the Mangalasherry family by confiscating the house which was kept as collateral for Bhanumathi's  treatment. Bhanumathi passes away and Karthikeyan is now bent on taking revenge. Neelakantan loses his home and Karthikeyan ventures out in an attempt to reclaim his ancestral home. In the meantime, Karthikeyan abducts Shekharan's daughter Janaki  in an attempt to blackmail him , during which they fall in love with each other. The remainder of the movie is about how Karthikeyan manages to get his ancestral home back while Shekharan's nephew Mundakkal Rajendran ([[Vijayaraghavan  makes attempts to kill Karthikeyan."] ['Lakshmi Narasimha  is a strict police officer who does not mind making his own rules to bring justice to the public. Once, he was indirectly affected by the goon Dharma Bhiksham  which costs him his sister and lots of properties of his native village. But Dharma Bhiksham does not know that it was Lakshmi Narasimha who got affected by him. After a few months, Lakshmi Narasimha is transferred to Vijayawada. Dharma Bhiksham rules the mafia world from Vijayawada. Though, a strict police officer - he compromises with Dharma Bhiksham and takes bribes to the tune of one and half crores. He takes the bribes and then invests all the money into rehabilitating his native village affected by Dharma Bhiksham. Dharma Bhiksham comes to know about it and rebels against Lakshmi Narasimha. The rest of the story is all about how Lakshmi Narasimha puts an end to the life of Dharma Bhiksham using illegal methods.'] ["Sita  is married to Ram  who is diagnosed to have cancer. Ram is admitted to a hospital where he is to be treated by Dr. Dharmesh . Dr. Dharmesh is Sita's former love and both of them are very much uncomfortable to interact in front of Sita's husband. Sita suspects that Dr. Dharmesh will not be able to give her husband a fair treatment because of his love interest in her. When she mentions this to him he promises her that he will try his best to save her husband. Ram overhears this conversation and later suggests to Sita that she should get married to Dr. Dharmesh after his death. Ram is to undergo a major surgery under Dr. Dharmesh which will decide his fate. Dr. Dharmesh seized with a feeling that he can't afford to fail in this surgery as it might seem that he was biased due to Sita. He works hard for the preparation of the surgery, without proper food/sleep for a long time. Finally at the end the surgery takes place. Dr. Dharmesh comes out from the operation theater and tells Sita that the operation was successful and her husband is safe. He takes couple of steps forward and collapses. Long days of hard work for the preparation of surgery takes its toll, and he dies on the spot. Last scene shows Ram and Sita at the inauguration of a hospital built in Dr. Dharmesh's memory. Dr. Dharmesh's mother inaugurates his statue and everybody places flowers there."] ["Inder  is a well-off person working along with his uncle  as an architect. His uncle is a fan of famous dancer Aarti Sanyal . On a simple game of snooker, Jeetendra loses the game against his uncle and his uncle asks him to join him at Aarti Sanyal's concert. On the way to the concert, Inder meets with a near fatal accident. One day his uncle suggests him to go to Mandu to see the architectural beauty there. He meets Hemamalini there and learns soon that she is the famous dancer herself. She tells him that she has left dancing since 6 months and her grandfather tells him that it is because of an incident that shook her life. Soon, they become more friendly and she ends up telling about her love Chandan  who calls her Tikoo with love. Her only dream is to publish historical book written by Dharmendra. She tells him that 6 months ago, he died in a car accident on way to her concert. Inder is surprised by this revelation and asks her where the accident exactly took place. He realises that it was his accident in which the person in the oncoming vehicle died. Exremely upset, he calls up his uncle and asks him why it was withheld from his about the other driver's death. As his stay in Mandu continues, Aarti cries remembering her past. Inder cannot hold it further and tells her that he was in the accident in which her love has died. She becomes extremely upset and tries to snatch the still to be published book from his hand saying that she needs no sympathy from him. He tries to make her understand and in the confusion of trying to take the book, she falls of stairs and sustains injuries. He tries to meet her, but her grandfather tells him that she hates to even hear his name and to come the next day. But in the late hours of night, he hears a car leave and realises that they have left. He goes back to his home where his uncle advises him to leave her alone if it is only because of sympathy on her. But if he has fallen in love with her, then he should try to win her. Inder explains to his uncle that he went to her grandfather's house  but noone was there and he doesn't know where to find her. His uncle asks his secretary to call up clinics to find out if any lady has come for treatment. They finally find the clinic where Aarti is. Inder goes there where she has undergone eye surgery. The doctor removes the eye bandage but Aarti loses her eyesight. Inder talks to her mother and she asks her mother if it is Inder and gets extremely angry that he is there. The doctor lies and tells her that it is his friend Prakash. Aarti asks for forgiveness and goes home. Inder as Prakash goes regularly to her home and supports her. He takes her out to church to pray and also helps her get back to her dancing skills. Inder's uncle tries to tell him that tell Aarti you are Inder before it is too late. But Inder does not have the courage to say so. He arranges for her show to be performed where he supports her during her dance. She uses the money which she earned from the concert to try to publish Chandan's book. She gives the book to publisher,finding it empty the publisher tells her that the book she has given is empty. She goes home where Inder comes and tells her that he has brought a surprise for her. She asks him whether it is Chandan's book he has brought as she realises it is Inder and tells him that only he knew about Chandan's death anniversary and Prakash wouldn't know about it. She tells him that he snatched everything from her. Chandan, her eyesight and her only dream of publishing Chandan's book.She tells him to leave. As days go by Aarti realises she is still stuck to her past. She goes to the same church with her grandfather where she meets Inder again. She asks for his forgiveness and explains to him that she always tried to live in her past. She tells him that she never realised how much Inder has been an important part of her life. Both Inder and Aarti unite."] ["Bihar-based Manzur Ahmed, his wife, his mother, and his daughter, decide to re-locate to East Pakistan after the partitioning of Hindustan during 1947, following the tussle between Sheikh Mujib Rehman and Pakistan's General Bhutto, which led to the formation of Bangladesh, where Manzur and several other Muslims were forced to re-locate to Pakistan. In order to do this, they cross two borders, one with India and Bangladesh, and the second with India and Pakistan. The route from Bangladesh leads from Dhaka then to Guwahati then to Delhi then to Ajmer then to Bhuj, and then on to Pakistan's Haji Peer. They get as far as Bhuj, but afterward they are assisted by Jaan Mohammad's son, known only as Refugee, who helps them trek their way across the Rann desert to Atta Mohammad's house in Pakistan. Refugee considers his clients as mere items of luggage and refuses to be emotionally involved with them. Then he meets Nazneen and he forgets this rule, and they soon both fall in love with each other. Police on both sides of the border are aware of the refugee traffic and question Refugee and Jaan several times because of this. Then, one day, Refugee assists four men to enter the Indian side of the border. These men then enlist the help of Jaan's other son to get to Delhi. Shortly thereafter, explosions take place in trains, buses, and buildings. And to complicate matters even more, BSF Officer Raghuvir Singh apprehends Refugee with a load of RDX plastic explosives. While Naaz is making preparations for her marriage with Refugee, her parents have arranged her marriage with a Pakistani Ranger named Ashraf Mohammad. The question remains what will be Refugee's fate when Ashraf finds out that he is the truth of his wife-to-be, that is if he ever gets out of the clutches of the Border Security Force."] ['Meherbaan is the story of a family man, who has to decide between commitment, ethics and love between his 2 women.'] ['The film begins with SP Amit Kumar  taking charge of the Tezpur District in Bihar. The area is notorious for its crime rate, with Tezpur Police under the control of local don Sadhu Yadav  and his son Sundar Yadav ([[Yashpal Sharma . Amit tries to instill honesty and courage in his subordinates, but in vain. Bacha Yadav , who is a stooge of Sadhu Yadav visits his hideout, sees an infamous local goon Nunwa taking shelter there. Fearing that arresting him would open the lid on the nexus between Nunwa and the Tezpur Police, he kills Nunwa and misleads Police that he was killed in an encounter. Suspect about the encounter, Amit Kumar summons Bacha Yadav, puts him off duty temporarily and also tries to keep him away from Sadhu Yadav and Sundar Yadav. Anxious that he would be transferred from Tezpur, Bacha Yadav, seeking the help of Sadhu Yadav, visits his home, where he finds out that he is being ditched by Sadhu and vows to settle score with them. Meanwhile, Sundar manhandles a local Public Works Department engineer for not heeding to his word during a tendering process. Amit takes notice of the incident and also finds that a girl is missing from her home after being kidnapped by Sundar. Sensing an opportunity, Bacha Yadav urges Amit to give him one more chance, who obliges him. Bacha Yadav tricks Sundar into a factory where Amit and his men are waiting and after a brief scuffle, Sundar is arrested and produced in a local court, where the judge acquits Sundar on the account of lack of evidence against him. Sadhu Yadav\'s men then try to vandalise a shop of local pan vendor after he testified against Sundar, before being arrested and jailed in the local police station. There, a fight arises between the accused and Bacha Yadav and his colleagues. It reaches an extreme point with Bacha Yadav piercing the eyes of the accused and pouring acid, referred locally as "Gangaajal", on their eyes. The incident raises a hue and cry in the local media, which accuses Police of vigilante justice. Angered by the incident, Amit Kumar orders his men involved to give their confessions in writing. While all, except Bacha Yadav, deny their involvement, Bacha Yadav writes his confession in a letter and submits it to Amit. When Bacha Yadav reaches his home, he finds his son and wife taken hostage by Sundar Yadav who, after a brief struggle, kills Bacha Yadav by shooting in his eyes. Enraged by the incident, Amit Kumar burns the confession letter of Bacha Yadav and issues a search warrant for Sundar and warns Sadhu Yadav to tell Sundar to surrender himself. Sadhu Yadav applies for an anticipatory bail for Sundar but before Sundar is produced in the court, he is arrested and is taken to jail. This time, the court rejects the bail application and orders the Police to keep Sundar in a 10-day custody. However, Sadhu Yadav influences local home minister and the Deputy Inspector-in-General  of the area, Verma, to release his son and also to send Amit on an emergency leave. After being released, Sundar disrupts the marriage of the girl who he kidnapped earlier and kills her mother in the process. Unable to bear the loss of her mother and the torture at the hands of Sundar, she kills herself in the presence of Amit. Amit detains both Sadhu and Sundar and tries to take them to Police Station. However, locals stop Amit and demand that both be killed then and there itself, before being convinced by him that they would be tried as per the law. On the way to Police Station, however, both Sadhu and Sundar escape. Amit then catches up with them and brief fight takes place between them and the film ends with both Sundar and Sadhu getting killed by falling accidentally on chisels of a plough, which incidentally pierce through their eyes.'] ["The title character, Raja Hindustani , is a taxi-driver / tourist guide. He lives by his own simple code and is prone to violence when that code is violated. Aarti Sehgal  is a wealthy debutante who is seeking to connect with her past. Standing in the way of their love are a disapproving father and a stepmother bent on obtaining total control of the family assets. Wealthy Mr Sehgal  lives with his daughter, Aarti, and her stepmother Shalini  in a palatial home. Aarti decides to go for a vacation to a small hill station named Palankhet to discover the memories of her dead mother. Upon arrival, she finds out she has no transportation from the airport to Palankhet . As a result, she hires the services of the only available driver, Raja Hindustani. During her stay in Palankhet, Aarti and Raja fall in love. One day, to Aarti's surprise, her father arrives in Palankhet and intends to bring her home with him. Her father will accept the marriage on the condition that Raja come to Mumbai and learn to become a respectable member of society. Raja refuses and forces Aarti to make a de cision. Aarti chooses Raja, but begs for her father's blessings. Her father refuses to offer his blessings and leaves for Mumbai. After some time, Mr Sehgal forgives his daughter, and visits her in Palankhet. While there, he gifts his daughter and son-in-law with a new house. Raja refuses to live in the house, because he does not see the house as a gift, but rather as alms, since he is poor and Mr. Sehgal is rich. Shalini, her brother, Swaraj , and her nephew Jai  seek to exploit this conflict in order to gain total control of Mr. Sehgal's assets. Under the pretext of a birthday party, they bring Raja and Aarti to Mumbai and set in motion events that will change all their lives forever. As a result Aarti and Raja separate. Aarti was pregnant but due to her health problem the doctor forbid her to go to Palankhet and instead her stepmother had to go to Palankhet to inform Raja about his baby and to request him to come to Mumbai. However, instead Aarti's mother chooses to tell Raja that Aarti wants divorce but Raja refuses to give divorce and back in Mumbai even Aarti refuses to give Raja divorce. After sometime Raja comes to know that Aarti has a baby so he goes to Aarti's house and steals the baby. But Aarti cannot live without her baby so she comes to Raja's house begging for her baby where they all learn the truth that Aarti's stepmother is the culprit. When Raja returns home with the baby he sees Aarti and starts to run away but in the road there is a fighting between Aarti's step-uncle and Raja for the capture of the baby as Aarti 's step-uncle wanted to kill the baby but Aarti 's step-uncle loses at last; Aarti and Raja reunite."] ["Nandini and Tina are stepsisters and after their father's death nandini takes care of tina as her daughter, tina falls in love with ranbir but she has to prove her love for him to nandini."] ['In the background of the rise of the International Hare Krishna movement in the 1970s, is a Montreal-based family of the Jaiswals, consisting of mom, dad, son, Prashant, and daughter, Jasbir. Due to irreconciable differences between Mr and Mrs Jaiswal, they separate, leaving Jasbir with dad, and Prashant with his mom. Eventually Prashant and his mom travel to India, leaving father and daughter behind in Montreal. Mr. Jaiswal re-marries, and brings his new wife to live in his home. Years later, Prashant has grown up to be a pilot. He has received a letter from his dad that Jasbir, who had rebelled and left home, is now located in Kathmandu, Nepal, with a group of hippies. Prashant undertakes to find his sister and hopefully get her back to the family. When Prashant lands in Kathmandu he does not find Jasbir, but instead finds Janice, who is indeed his sister with a new name. Janice has no recollection of her childhood, and is always in the company of fellow-hippies. Prashant now needs to bring Jasbir back, but for that he will have to travel deep into the drug induced dark world of Janice. It was one of the biggest hits of all time.'] ["Madhu  is a painter who becomes a drunkard since his wife gets killed immediately after their marriage in an accident. He leads a careless life until a kid  who is deaf and vocally challenged , enters his life. He names him Raja and takes care of him however, he doesn't stop drinking. Raja's parents are murdered by Venu  and his assistant and Raja is the witness to murder who is tried to be getting rid of by them. Geeta  meets the kid in a shopping place and mistakes him to be Madhu's son and fights with them when the kid accidentally breaks her just bought gift and later realises her mistake and comes to apologise to Madhu's house. She befriends the kid and gradually falls for Madhu. Later she comes to know that the kid is none other than her sister's  son and she was murdered. Madhu is accused of murder and kidnap, and is arrested by Inspector . But they realise that he is not the actual killer and is released. However Venu and his assistant keep trying to kill the kid and they are almost successful when Madhu is out drunk one night but saves him in the last minute. This changes him and he gives up drinking. The rest of the story is how the villains are slain and Madhu and Geetha marry and adopt the kid."] ["Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki is about an aristocrat, Thakur Rajnath Singh Chouhan ([[Vijay Anand , who is in love with his mistress Tulsi  but forced to marry a strong aristocratic woman named Sanjukta . Tulsi sacrifices her life, some time after giving birth to Rajnath's son Ajay, because she wants Sanjukta to have her husband all to herself. Rajnath and Sanjukta send Ajay to boarding school to prevent him from bearing the stigma of being an illegitimate child. Sanjukta and Rajnath have a son, Pratap. Rajnath dies in a horse-riding accident. Sanjukta makes regular visits to the boarding school to see Ajay and, when he grows up, she brings him home. Ajay is now played by Vinod Khanna. Sanjukta makes Ajay into not only a very important man but also shields him every time and finally confesses before the public that Ajay is her husband's first son and therefore, is entitled to respect. However, her own son Pratap  feels slighted and becomes wayward. Some people around them also try to further damage the relations between the two brothers. However, for every sin of the younger brother, Ajay protects him and takes the blame. Sanjukta, not knowing the actual situation, gets disturbed. At one stage, she blames Ajay for every wrong thing which actually has been done by her own son. Ajay leaves the house. But soon thereafter, the situation changes and the men standing in support of Pratap feel deceived as he lets them down. In the climax, these men try to kill Pratap, but Ajay, who comes to know of this plan, rescues his brother. Then, Pratap realizes his stepbrother's kindness. He surrenders to Ajay and accepts him as the elder brother. The family reunites."] ["Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey is about a teacher Surya Sen a.k.a. Masterda , who is a well-known revolutionary leader of the Indian Republican Army Chittagong, who had an instinctual flair for Swaraj and Independence. The film opens up with 16 teenagers playing football in an open field, when the army convoy steps up and orders them to evacuate the field for setting up a base there. When the children oppose their unauthorized evacuation, the soldiers threaten them and then leave, grinning and planning to meet Masterda Surya Sen. Surya Sen is a village school teacher and an activist for Indian freedom and has links with many other famous revolutionaries who adore him as their leader. The revolutionaries were Ganesh Ghosh , Lokenath Bal, Ambika Chakraborty, Nirmal Sen and Ananta Singh. Nirmal Sen  after being released from jail meets Masterda and asks him for next action. Masterda assures him of next action soon and Nirmal goes on to meet Pritilata Waddedar , when she expresses her eagerness to join the Indian Republican Army along with her friend Kalpana Datta . Together they meet Masterda who asks them to prove their skills by assigning them the task of collecting information about the Cantonment. Dressed as sweeping girls they both draw successful sketches of the Cantonment. Meanwhile, those teenagers express their will to join Surya Sen to drive the British out of the country. Surya Sen enlists them and trains them in martial arts, shooting and bomb-making. Masterda devises the plan to rock the British Empire by planning a raid on police lines Armoury, Cantonment, Telegraph office and Railway lines. Apart from Surya Sen, the group included Ganesh Ghosh, Lokenath Baul, Nirmal Sen, Ambika Chakraborty, Naresh Roy, Sasanka Datta, Ardhendu Dastidar, Harigopal Baul, Tarakeswar Dastidar, Ananta Singh, Jiban Ghoshal, Anand Gupta, Pritilata Waddedar, Kalpana Datta and the group of teenagers. The plan was put into action at 10 o'clock on 18 April 1930. As per plan, the armoury of the police was captured by a group of revolutionaries led by Ganesh Ghosh and another group of ten, led by Lokenath Baul took over the Auxiliary Force armoury. Unfortunately the guns were found but bullets were not there. So they had to burn the arms there only. The revolutionaries also succeeded in dislocating telephone and telegraph communications and disrupting the movement of the trains. After the successful raids, all the revolutionary groups gathered outside the police armoury where Surya Sen took a military salute, hoisted the National Flag and proclaimed a Provisional Revolutionary Government. The revolutionaries left Chittagong town before dawn and marched towards the Chittagong hill ranges, looking for a safe place, but the police by then with the support of British Army had them surrounded, but the British Army's first wave had been demolished by Masterda's Teenagers, this enraged the British and they bought machine guns and fired casualties in Masterda's side. Harigopal Baul  was first to be shot dead along with twelve others and the group had to flee leaving Ambika Chakraborty wounded, the Britishers found the dead bodies and burnt them with Petroleum. {{multiple image}} Meanwhile, Masterda had split the group into four and asked them to separate. While living with her sister in Patiya village the police under Major Cameron surrounded Masterda and tried to capture him but he was shot dead by Nirmal sen. While Nirmal got wounded, he asked Masterda to get out of there and henceforth sacrificing his own life fighting. Later eight young rebels led by Pritilata Waddedar attacked the European Club. After killing the officials the rebels fled and Pritilata committed suicide by swallowing Cyanide. Masterda escaped and retired to another house with Pritilata and other young rebels. Meanwhile the Police SP of Chittagong and other parts press hard crackdown on escaping rebel members and search for Masterda like anything. While, Masterda escaped, other members got arrested or killed in encounters with police while some members shot themselves like heroes to evade brutal torture by police. After few months, Haripada a young rebel decides to take revenge as he assassinates the SP who had an upper hand while suppressing the rebels, during an army football match. Finally, one night Masterda was encircled and was captured by police troopers he was trialled before the court and was sentenced to death by hanging, Surya Sen happily accepts the verdict. Before the death sentence, Surya Sen was brutally tortured by British executioners who break all his teeth, limbs and joints with hammer. He was dragged to the rope unconscious and was hanged, thus ending the glorious life of a revolutionary who became one of the living legends, who laid their lives fighting for India's independence."] ['Sameer  is a hot-tempered person with terrible anger management issues ever since his parents passed away in his childhood. After he beats up a group of goons who tried to assault his girlfriend Roma , she breaks up with him due to his bad temper. Thus, as per his horoscope, he is very unlucky in love. With a broken and heavy heart and to get away from everything, he leaves for Goa to take up a job as a lifeguard, where he meets Rani  and instantly falls in love with her. After many attempts at befriending her and a rough start with her father , Rani and Sameer become friends. However, Sameer\'s ill fated luck comes into play as he still has some rough incidents with her father and Rani, too gets angry with him since she overhears him saying bad things about her to Pandit ji . Further trouble arrives in the form of Sunny , who moves into the same house as Sameer and shares a room with him. He too meets Rani, falls in love with her and decides to cause further trouble by getting closer to her through the mistakes Sameer makes. This causes a lot of trouble between the two. It is evident that Sunny is out to ruin Sameer\'s relationship with Rani so that he can steal Rani away from him. This can further be shown when he takes credit for Sameer as the latter had helped her with money for a fashion show and had made the mistake of remaining anonymous and calling himself her "well-wisher. Also, he goes to the extent of taking credit for a painting of Rani that Sameer has made. He kidnaps Rani\'s dog, Tommy and blames Sameer for it. These actions aggravate Sameer and ignite his temper, making his relationships rocky. Matters are not helped when Sameer gets into the bad books of Suraj Prakash , a man whom he had met on the train to Goa, who had scared Sameer into staying awake for the whole night and whom Sameer had later put on guard duty for night times for 3 months at the club where he was working. Also a misunderstanding occurs when Sameers grandmother who is partially blind arrives and mistakes, Rani\'s mother for Rani. Sameer, who goes to sort out the situation gets caught in an embarrassing position with Rani\'s mother. Rani, who is shocked and disgusted is advised by her mother that Sameer had not been at fault in that situation. She also says that Rani should carefully deliberate on whom she loves more. Disgusted and completely out of hope and patience, Sameer decides to leave Goa forever. As he is leaving, Sunny arrives and taunts him on how he got close to Rani through the latter\'s mistakes. Sameer says that he has had enough of dreaming of Rani and wishes Sunny all happiness as he leaves. Sunny however tries to have the last laugh as he taunts Sameer again. This time, Sameer looses his temper completely. He rounds on Sunny and chases him through the streets right through to a crowd at a cricket stadium, where India and Pakistan are supposed to be playing a friendly match. Deciding to have one last try, he enters the field after breaking through security, takes the mike from Kapil Dev, the guest of honour and uses it to apologise to Rani and her parents very sincerely for his past mistakes. Saying so, he confesses his love for her and aks her to marry him in front of the whole crowd, coupled with motivation from spectators and players alike. Rani runs out to the field and embraces him, thus reuniting with him. At the end, Sunny arrives and reveals that he is actually Arun, Sameer\'s childhood friend who had come to Goa, after getting information from Sameer\'s grandmother when he had gone to the latter\'s house the first thing after returning from America, for a cure to Sameer\'s anger management issues, all the time pretending to be his enemy. He had revealed the same to Rani and her parents earlier. Sameer, then realises who he is and is reunited with his old friend. The film ends with Arun conducting Sameer and Rani\'s marriage.'] ["Laxminarayan 1  lives a poor lifestyle in Mumbai with his widowed mother Kanta, who wants him to be a successful gangster and would like him to kill a few people, make enough money, then marry Chota Khujli's daughter, Meena Khujli. To fulfill his mother's wish, Laxminarayan #1 accepts a contract to kill D'Mello Yadav , a Pondi-based gangster, who has stolen a diamond. Laxminarayan 2 , the detailed and obedient Secretary of D.M. Pipat, wants him to buy a vintage car from a Pondi-based used car dealer, Laila . The third Laxminarayan 3 sells undergarments and runs a business, 'Bulbul Lingerie,' with his son, Sonu; he travels to Pondi to meet with his new supplier, Jiya . The trio all arrive and book rooms next to each other in Blue Diamond Hotel. Their respective lives are hilariously turned upside down when their names cause all three to end up in the wrong places."] [" Balraj Kapoor  is a rich businessman, happy and content with his world. He and his wife Shobhna  live happily together and they wait for their only son Avinash a.k.a. 'Avi'  to return from his studies in the U.S. After an absence of 7 years, Avinash comes back to India. He reunites with his parents at the airport and races home. Back home, Avi joins his father's business. One day they decide to go golfing and Balraj accidentally hits the ball which ruins a painting. The young woman painting the picture, Malvika a.k.a. 'Millie'  gets furious with Balraj and leaves. Later on, Avi runs into Millie on the golf course, and they start to talk. Millie tells him that a stupid old man ruined her painting and points out that it was Balraj; but she doesn't know that the 'old man' is Avi's father and he doesn't tell her. They start to hang out together while slowly falling in love with each other. When Millie comes home, she is visited by her childhood friend Rajat ([[John Abraham . She tells him that she loves someone, which devastates him because he is also in love with her. One day, Millie goes to Avi's office to drop off a painting and finds out that Balraj is Avi's father. When Avi shows up, she leaves the office crying. He chases after her and says that the only reason he lied to her was because he loves her. She doesn't accept his apology right then, but when Balraj apologizes to her for ruining her painting, she forgives them both. Avi asks Millie to get dressed up for a party at his house. When she arrives, there is no one except Avi. He proposes to her and she accepts. The whole family visits Millie's house to discuss marriage and everyone agrees, except Rajat. He tells Avi that he'll let him marry her if only he promises to always keep her happy and never let her get sad. Avi and Millie get married and soon they're expecting a child. Time goes on, Millie's water breaks while in yoga class and Avi and she flee to the hospital where they are blessed with a healthy baby boy. Their child Ansh grows up to be a sweet and intelligent boy. The family throws a birthday bash for Ansh and wait for Avi who is in a meeting. But Avi never arrives home. He is involved in an accident and dies. Millie is devastated. Balraj seeks to bring happiness back into Millie's life and gets into contact with Rajat. He learns that Rajat still loves Millie. Balraj asks Rajat to marry Millie. However, there is stiff opposition from Shobhna and Balraj's conservative older brother Balwant . Shobhna fears losing her grandson Ansh, while Balwant thinks a widow's remarriage is a sin. However, Balraj stands firm and convinces everyone. In the end, Rajat and Millie get married, and everything is well. Avinash comes in as a spirit and blesses his dad with happiness."] ['The movie is about Silambarasan, who falls in love with Divya Spandana and incurs the wrath of her father. Whether Silambarasan succeeds in marrying Divya Spandana, with the help of his college mates, forms the rest of the story.'] ['When Hollywood stuntman Viraj Shergill  and medical student Simrita Rai  come across each other at his brother Lucky\'s  and her best friend Kamini\'s  hastily planned wedding ceremony, they instantly develop a dislike for each other. They both have a very low opinion of the opposite sex, and staunchly believe marriage is not the way to go for the two newlyweds, whom they try to discourage from proceeding further. Simrita convinces Kamini to test out her theory that men are after only one thing, by forcing Lucky to delay their marriage vows for three months. She is sure, Lucky will not be able to do so and this will prove to Kamini that Lucky is just another low-class male, like all others, and her claims of him being different than most men are unfounded. Viraj, upon hearing about this new development, tries to do the exact opposite. This results in a hilarious scene at a local disco bar, where Viraj lures Kamini with the hope of her finding Lucky with a "girlfriend" that he has planted in the lap of Lucky in order to make Kamini jealous. The plan backfires and Kamini and Lucky end up in divorce court where the judge puts them on a three month probation and marriage counselling. Meanwhile, Simrita and Viraj keep bumping into each other when they both travel to Italy independently; the former to make some quick cash as a model to pay for her medical bills, and the latter, with Lucky, to chill out and take a vacation from all of the marital stress Lucky has been facing back home. Upon returning home, Simrita is given a watch pendant by her Dolly Aunty  to wear as a good luck charm. The pendant hangs from a bracelet on her wrist. Viraj gets seriously hurt in an accident at work and is brought for emergency surgery to the hospital where Simrita is an intern. Much to each other\'s irritation, Simrita is given the charge to perform surgery on Viraj. After the surgery, while looking at the X-rays, she is horrified to discover that the watch on her wrist has accidentally ended up in Viraj\'s stomach. Simrita tries various ways of getting the watch out. During one such process, which fails, it becomes clear that Simrita is bitter about her perceived unfaithfulness of the two most prominent men from her childhood: her divorced father and her elder sister\'s ex-husband. By this time, Viraj is secretly beginning to fall in love with Simrita. Several days later, Simrita is successful in removing the watch from Viraj\'s stomach. Following the surgery, Viraj overhears the truth and leaves. Several days later, he proposes to Denise Richards in an attempt to forget about Simrita. Upon realizing her mistake, Simrita helps Lucky and Kamini reconcile and decides to confess her love for Viraj at the wedding ceremony. At first, Denise is upset but then tells Viraj to go to Simrita. The two embrace and go off together in the car sharing a few passionate kisses.'] ['The story line draws its inspiration from A Place in the Sun. Raj Mathur  is a young engineering graduate from Darjeeling who comes to Bombay with only one ambition - to become a big engineer. In Bombay, he arrives in a lower middle-class locality in search of a distant relative, only to discover he has left years before. He spends the night at a temple, where he meets a philosophical streetside performer Jai , who becomes a close friend and gives him a place to stay. With no connections and no experience, he finds it hard to get a job in the city until a beautiful girl Renu , finds him a job as a trainee with the construction company where she works as a secretary to Chabbria . They eventually fall in love with each other. As he becomes successful he gets the attention of Chhabria\'s daughter Sapna . They spend more and more time together and he soon gets caught up in the rich and glamorous life style. Sapna has fallen in love with Raju but when she finds out that he loves Renu she is heartbroken. In the meantime Raju\'s enemies are conspiring against him and they collapse a bridge which was under Raju\'s supervision. He gets the blame and soon realises that the glamorous world of the rich is not what he wants. In the end,Raju decides to leave. Most people were asking Jai when Raju would come back. Jai told them when he turns his head around and looks at Renu he will have no choice but to come back. Just a second ago Jai said "Palat"  then Raju turns and looks at Renu. He and Renu finally get reunited again.'] ['The story is set in Goa. Ethan Mascarenhas  is a former magician who is paralyzed from neck down quadriplegic. He is currently a Radio Jockey. Sofia D\'Souza  is his nurse, and has been so for the past twelve years. On the fourteenth anniversary of his accident, Ethan decides to file an appeal to the court for euthanasia  with the help of his best friend and lawyer Devyani Dutta . Ethan\'s mother Isabel Mascarenhas  also supports him in his petition, backing her son\'s demand. A young man named Omar Siddiqui  enters Ethan\'s life to learn magic from him. Judge Rajhansmoni  dismisses the case immediately when the case is presented in the court. Devyani asks Ethan to garner public support through a vote on the issue through his radio programme, which Ethan christens "Project Eathanasia." . The issue comes into the limelight through news features in the television and other media. An appeal is once again submitted to the court. In between Ethan\'s mother passes away and Sofia is dragged away by her alcoholic husband, Neville D\'Souza , against whom she had filed a divorce case. Finally the day of verdict comes and Ethan\'s plea is rejected by the court, citing the legal code of the country cannot be violated in any circumstance. A disheartened Ethan spends his time alone in his empty home when Sofia returns. She confesses to Ethan that she got the divorce and tells him that she will help with his mercy-killing, whatever the consequences be as Ethan means more to her. On hearing her words, Ethan realizes how much Sofia loves him. He proposes to her and Sofia agrees. Ethan throws a farewell party for their friends and guests, where Ethan speaks about everyone who has meant very dear to him and finally tells everyone about his and Sofia\'s love. Ethan says that he will be dying a happy man with no regrets and the heart full of Sofia\'s love and bids all goodbye. At these words, all the guests, come to his couch and hug him, and the shot closes on Ethan laughing heartily.'] ['Prince  is a sharp and intelligent burglar but when he awakes one morning, he finds that he does not remember anything about his past. He goes to a club and meets a girl who claims to be his girlfriend Maya. The next day, he meets a second girl who claims to be his girlfriend named Maya. She also claims that they work for the police and are after a man named Sarang. She reveals that they must find a special coin and give it to Sarang, after which the cops will arrest him. This coin has a chip in it that can go into one\'s mind and change their thoughts completely. They find the coin inside Prince\'s shoe and give it to Sarang. Prince finds out that the second "Maya" is really a woman named Serena who works for Sarang. His servant P.K works for Sarang along with her. The coin is revealed to be a fake. Just as Prince is trapped, the real Maya, who is in fact his girlfriend, saves him and tells him the actual story. The chip was put inside Prince so that he could work for Sarang, and then the two began running away. The chip made Prince\'s brain like a computer, so that once he woke up from sleep, he would forget everything. Prince and Maya meet Sarang, who tells them a side effect: every morning when Prince wakes up, his brain crashes, which results in lot of pain. He can only live 6 days like that. This particular day was the last day. Prince and Maya find the coin, which can save Prince, and Serena goes after them, leading to a high-profile chase. Prince manages to keep the coin safe, but faints. A mysterious car arrives, pulls him in, and flees. Shortly after, Maya gets a phone call, saying she must come to a certain location if she wants Prince alive. The caller is a friend of Prince\'s named Mike. It is revealed that the first Maya that Prince had met at the club, is actually named Priya. Priya takes the coin and runs away with it, but Mike tells Maya that he has the real coin; the one Priya fled with is a fake. While they are fixing an unconscious Prince, Priya returns, begging to be saved, but gets shot by Sarang and his gang. Prince awakes from his deep sleep and calls the police. Sarang and his gang escape, but Prince puts a tracking device on Sarang. They track him down, and Prince and Sarang engage in a brief fight. Prince ultimately gets the coin and Sarang falls off a waterfall to his death. While Prince and Maya are looking forward to a happily-ever-after, in a twist ending, Serena\'s eyes open, implying that she is still alive.'] ["Raju  is a poor friendly orphan who wins his bread by singing songs. One day he sees an injured man and helps him. Later he is kidnapped by few bandits who mistake him to be an undercover policeman. It then turns out that the injured man he helped is the leader  of this gang. The Sardar takes good care of Raju and treats him with honour. Sardar's daughter Kammo ([[Padmini  falls in love with Raju. Kammo and Sardar convince Raju of how they are good bandits who just are making sure that wealth is equally distributed amongst people. On one of the loots Raju witnesses murder of newly wedded couple and he then decides to go to Police and leaves the gang. In the gang, one of the bandits called Raka  kills the Sardar and takes over the bandits and wishes to forcibly wed Kammo. When Raju tells all truth to police they decide to confront and kill the bandits. Raj begs police to not kill them; but is shunned away. Raju is then posed in a dilemma of what to do and finds himself helpless when he sees police also stooping just as low to stop crime."] ['Bhavani Prasad  is one such powerful thug, who masquerades as a priest. His son Shankar refused to follow his path so he wants his grandson Kundan to carry on the legacy. When his son protests, in a fit of rage, Bhavani gets Shankar killed and passes the buck to his bete noir and cousin Naubat Lal. When Naubat Lal spills the beans he gets him killed as well, which deepens the family feud. Kundan  grows up into a sensitive young man who doesn’t want to practise his grand father’s policy of hate. It is quite unlike, Naubat’s sons Ganeshi and Dwarka , whose only aim is to finish Bhavani’s clan. Amidst all these tense moments, we have Munni the childhood love of Kundan who fortuitously lands in the family of a courtesan and becomes Laila-e-Aasman , a title she got from none other than Wajid Ali Shah. Ganeshi has a soft corner for her but still uses her to reach Kundan not realising the two share a childhood bond.'] ['The setting is the city of Lucknow in northern India, where Islamic culture flourished. Two of the three best friends who live in this city have fallen in love with the same woman named Jameela unknowingly. Aslam  and Nawab  are the two friends caught in this love triangle with Jameela . An integral part of any Guru Dutt film, comic relief was provided by Johnny Walker who plays Mirza Masaraddik Shaiza.'] ["Bhola  is an innocent band musician who lives with his physically challenged sister Belu in a village. He needs more money for his sister's marriage and he sets off to Bombay to earn.To make his sister not to feel for his departure he sings a song on the way towards railway station. On the other hand Bombay city Police department is shocked by series of diamond thefts which lead no clue. But Inspector Pradhan suspects the thief to be Ranjith  who is actually a wealthy diamond businessman on the accounts that whenever a theft occurs he is present there. But he has no evidence and searches for that. He creates a plan with Rita ([[Mumtaz  to attract Ranjith to know his secret plans.Bhola arrives the city and he is called as Ranjith in a party. Ranjith who arrives the party surprised to see Bhola as he looks identical as him. He immediately plots for a plan. He takes Bhola to his place and reveals himself. He convinces Bhola to act like Ranjith in front of the society as he is suffering from cancer and requires a treament.Until his return from treatment Bhola has to make believe everybody that he is Ranjith. Actually he makes him as Ranjith so that he can continue with his diamond smuggling meanwhile there will not be any evidence as Bhola is going to be Ranjith everywhere.But he did not reveal the reason to him. He also promises that he would give money for his sister's marriage.Innocent Bhola believes him and agrees to the plan . Ranjith's girlfriend Ruby trains Bhola to be like Ranjith and he acts like him. Bhola finally learns every mannerisms of Ranjith and at an instance he behaves like Ranjith to Ranjith. He acts as Ranjith in the city and real Ranjith continues his underground work. And Inspector Pradhan cannot come to conclusion. Rita moves intimately with Bhola thinking him as Ranjith but Bhola falls in love with her. In the village due to heavy floods Belu loses everything and comes in search of her brother to Bombay with her dog Mothy. Bhola watches a marriage ceremony on the road and he imagines the bride to be his sister and sings the same song which he sung in the village. Belu who hears that runs after him but Bhola already left the place. Pradhan meets Belu and helps her to reach the place. Belu is misguided by some men regarding the whereabouts of her brother and try to exploit her but Pradhan saves her from them and takes her to his home. Ruby who follows Belu to Pradhan's house informs Ranjith about her. Ranjith posing like her brother goes to Pradhan's home and takes her with him. Bhola finds Ranjith is actually a thief and plans for a grand diamond loot. Bhola resists against the plan but Ranjith blackmails him with his sister. Unwillingly he accepts for the plan. Ranjith steals huge amount of diamond but Bhola replaces him by attacking and leaves the place. One of the stolen diamond piece has a transmitter and police follow the jewels with the help of it.Belu is confused who is her brother among them. After several fights both Bhola and Ranjith are arrested. Both of them claim themself as Bhola and confuse everyone. Belu suggests that her brother sings a song which cannot be sung by anyone. But both sing the song. Finally Bhola-Belu's dog Mothy identifies the real Bhola and Ranjith is arrested and sent to prison. Belu finally marries Inspector Pradhan and Bhola marries Rita."] ["Bablu Chaudhary  is an aspiring cook in search of a job. He applies for an open position at a hotel, where he meets Sonia Kapoor , who is the Banquet Manager. They are soon attracted to each other and Bablu falls in love with her. However, one day, the police arrive at his doorstep, arresting him thinking he is Manu Dada . When Manu learns of his duplicate, he decides to switch roles with him and kill him in order to start afresh. However, when Manu kidnaps Bablu's mother , Bablu accepts the identity of Manu in order to rescue both his mother and Sonia, who has gotten involved, too. With the help of police and Manu's girlfriend Lily , the cook is able to rescue his dear ones and all ends well."] ["Ramesh  starts managing the office of an industrialist who strongly suspects his relatives to be looting him. Ramesh finds the culprit and keeps a tight leash on everything happening in the office, thereby earning the wrath of the industrialist's relatives. Ramesh and Sridevi  initially find themselves at loggerheads, but eventually fall in love with each other. The industrialist is happy about this development until he sees Ramesh cheating on his daughter. He fires Ramesh the very same day. The industrialist is murdered and Sridevi also sees Ramesh in her house that same night. Ramesh is dragged to court and is shortly framed for murder. Sridevi is upset, and the ill-intentioned relatives start closing their net around her, forcing her to marry Y. G. Mahendran . In the meantime, the grief-stricken Ramesh meets another person named Raja  in jail who looks exactly like him. Together Ramesh and Raja plan to punish the culprits and set the record straight."] ['It\'s the story of Karan  and Pooja , who are studying in the same college in Pune. They fall in love and everything seems to be going fine till one day, while visiting her brother in Mumbai, Pooja\'s flight is hijacked by a group of terrorists, following the arrest of their leader Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik. Ironically, this hijack has been engineered by Pooja\'s brother Vijay Varma , who is in league with the terrorist head Akhmash Jalal. Vijay is unaware of the fact that his beloved sister is on board the same flight. When he realises this, he is unable to do anything as Akhmash forbids him from doing anything that would jeopardise their mission. Karan daringly risks his life and rescues Pooja and the other passengers while ridding of all the hijackers on the plane, thus inviting the wrath of Akhmash and Vijay. Akhmash is now out to kill Karan. On the other hand, Vijay puts his foot down when Pooja reveals her intentions of marrying Karan. Pooja and Karan decide to escape, but they are chased and nabbed by Akhmash and his men and held captive in his den. Akhmash then tries to blackmail the Indian government by demanding the release of his leader Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik as ransom for the lives of Karan and Pooja.The Indian government decides to release Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik to rescue Karan.In the last scene there is a fight between Karan and the terrorists and all are killed including Ashraf-ul-Haq Mallik and Karan and Pooja are united. This was the most successful film of Karan to date, and was an above-average grosser that year and was highly popular among the masses. It also has arguably the most audacious helicopter stunt flying in Bollywood, done by Col Shaili Sharma, piloting a Bell 206L at knee-height in restricted rocky terrain near Hyderabad. This becomes the high point of the film towards the climax, along with the uplifting soulful qawwaali "Allah Allah" composed with zest by Nadeem Shravan'] ["Deepa  is a graduate student in Delhi who is in a long-term relationship with Sanjay , whom she plans to marry. Sanjay is a loquacious, humorous, and a good individual who is also rather lackadaisical and forgetful with no sense of punctuality. A job interview call from a college in Mumbai re-acquaints her with Navin  whom she had split up with under acrimonious circumstances. Navin is in every way the antithesis of Sanjay: He is very punctual and looks after her during her stay in Mumbai. Navin shows her the city and helps her with the job interview. This rekindles Deepa's feelings for him, and she finds herself torn between the two men and between her past and her present. Upon her return to Delhi, she feels that her first love  is her true love. She receives a letter stating that she has got the job in Mumbai. At the same time Sanjay comes to her house and tells her that he has got a promotion. Deepa then feels that she should forget the past and get married to Sanjay. Whom she decides to marry forms the climax of the movie."] ['Mumtaz ([[Tabu  is a young village woman whose family is killed in communal riots. She moves to Mumbai with her uncle, the only family member she has left. They are desperately poor and her uncle persuades her to become a bar girl at Chandni Bar. This is merely temporary, he promises, until he gets a job. Mumtaz is shy and loathes the work, but she forces herself to dance and flirt. However, the uncle doesn\'t keep his promise; he lives on her earnings, drinking them away, and never gets a job. He adds one final, unforgivable crime to the list when he gets drunk and rapes her. By this time she has caught the eye of a gangster called Potiya Sawant . When she tells Potiya what her uncle did to her, Potiya decides to "defend her honor." Potiya kills the uncle and marries her. She lives with him for several years and gives birth to a son, Abhay, and daughter, Payal. She wants Abhay and Payal to be educated and stay far away from her world of dancing girls and Potiya\'s gangsters. Potiya gets in the bad books of other gangsters, loses his connections, becomes a target for the police, and is killed in a planned "encounter," leaving Mumtaz to return back to dancing at the Chandni Bar. Years pass and Abhay and Payal are in their teens and attending school. Mumtaz still works at Chandni Bar, not as a dancer, but as a waitress. Then the unexpected happens &mdash; Abhay is arrested by the police for extortion and held in a juvenile home for the crime he had not committed. At the home, Abhay gets raped by a couple of other inmates. Mumtaz attempts to talk to the police, to no avail. She then meets with some influential people, who agree to help her out for a price, which she must bring to them in less than two days. Mumtaz hustles and sells her body to obtain the money but is still short. seeing her mother\'s plight Payal takes up dancing at Chandni Bar and brings the rest of the money to her troubled mother. With the money turned over to release Abhay, the family heave a sigh of relief &mdash; until Mumtaz notices that it is not the same Abhay she had known two days earlier. This one is cold, ruthless, and has only purpose in life: vengeance. Abhay takes his revenge and shoots the inmates that raped him. It looks like Payal is going in her mother\'s footsteps, and Abhay is set to be another Potiya.'] ['Obsessive and temperamental bank manager Vijay Singh Rajput  loses his job after badly beating up a bank clerk who tried to embezzle money. Angered at losing his job he plots revenge on the bank by intending to stage a heist. He employs three blind men &mdash; Vishwas ,a blind person who has the power of the sixth sense, Ilyaas  and Arjun  &mdash; when, after passing by school for the blind, he understands that blind people can be trained to do things like sighted people. He blackmails and enlists the help of Neha  who is a teacher at the school to train the trio to do the seemingly impossible heist. He chose blind people because they as robbers would never be suspected as no one would believe blind people can rob a bank. The bank robbery is successful, with the jewels safely captured by the three. However, in the process of robbing the bank, Ilyaas\'s face is exposed, captured in footage and prompting city-wide posters with his face. Meanwhile, Mr. Rajput anxiously tries to extort information from Vishwas and Arjun regarding the jewels and their location. Unable to answer, as they did not collect the items, they try to defer the answer by changing subjects. Ultimately, it is revealed that Ilyaas is the one with complete knowledge of the box\'s belongings. Meanwhile, tensions rise between Rajput and Neha; the latter resists the abusive nature of Rajput and his obnoxious harassing of Vishwas and Arjun. Arjun confesses his love to Neha, who reveals that she is associated in the plot only for the well-being of her younger brother, Rahul, who has been kidnapped by Rajput. In a furious attempt, the police try to locate Ilyaas. Ilyaas lands up at Rajput\'s place after getting drunk. Rajput tries several ways to force Ilyaas into revealing the location of the box. Unable to generate an answer, he slams Ilyaas, who falls on the ground and injures his eyes, causing bleeding. Even in this scenario, Rajput tries to get the information, but Vishwas and Arjun resist and claim that they will reveal the location if Ilyaas is treated by paramedics. Rajput send them to get Dr. Siddiqui. Vishwas senses that Ilyaas is in danger and Arjun and Vishwas double back to the training center to save him. Rajput starts to harass Ilyaas by tickling him to force him to reveal the answer. In the action, Ilyaas falls of the balcony and dies. Unable to bear the shock of the death, Neha pulls a gun on Rajput and threatens to reveal everything to the police if he does not leave her and the other two alone. Rajput notifies Neha that all these acts were done under her training, and he is spotless. Unable to bear this fact, Neha shoots herself, just as Vishwas and Arjun return after hearing loud screams. Both men gang up on Rajput and try to attack him. Once Rajput realizes that the men are ignorant about the jewels, he starts shooting them. The police arrive, and confusion ensues. Vishwas and Arjun come out and claim that Rajput is abusing them while he claims that there is a big conspiracy involving the two men, Neha and Ilyaas. Unable to believe that blind men can ransack a bank and amidst Rajput\'s impassioned defense, the police start getting suspicious. In the heat of defending himself, Rajput reveals that he had sent over Ilyaas, thus confessing his crime. In the end Rajput is locked away. Vishwas and Arjun decide to take care of Rahul and ultimately find the jewels &mdash; they were hidden in Ilyaas\' musical instrument. In an alternate ending for overseas viewers{{cite web}} Rajput bribes the cop and is set free. Vishwas and Arjun are sitting in a train  and Rajput is standing on the platform with a smile on his face. He then warns them that "A dangerous game is about to begin", after which Vishwas and Arjun both draw their guns, before the film then ends.'] ["The film explores the life journey of a womaniser  and his affairs with various women, including those who are married, and tells finally that nothing will last forever except one's own wife's love and others are passing clouds."] ["Subhash Nagre , who is known by his followers as Sarkar, lives in Mumbai. The opening scenes show a rape victim's father  approaching Sarkar for justice  which Sarkar promptly establishes by having the rapist beaten up by his henchmen. His son, Vishnu , plays a foul-mouthed producer who is more interested in the film actress Sapna  than his wife Amrita . Sarkar's other, more upright son, Shankar , returns from the United States with his love Pooja  after completing his education there. Pooja's doubts about Sarkar's image cause Shankar, who firmly believes in his father's righteousness, to break up with her later in the movie. One day, a Dubai-based don, Rasheed ([[Zakir Hussain  tries to strike a deal with Sarkar; he promptly refuses on moral grounds and also forbids him from doing it himself. Rasheed tries to eliminate Sarkar's supremacy with the help of Selvar Mani , Sarkar's former associate and Swami Virendra ([[Jeeva . Meanwhile, they trap Sarkar by assassinating a righteous, upright, Ahimsa political leader and an outspoken critic of Sarkar, Motilal Khurana . Everyone, including Vishnu believe that Sarkar is guilty but Shankar has deep faith in his father. Sarkar gets arrested. Shankar now takes over the position of Sarkar temporarily. On learning of a plot to murder his father in prison, he approaches the police commissioner  who mocks him and his father besides not providing protection. By the time he reaches the prison and appropriate action is taken, the attempt on Sarkar's life is already made. Sarkar is later acquitted. He remains bedridden as Shankar takes on Sarkar's enemies. Meanwhile, Selva Mani, Swami and Rasheed try to convince Vishnu to murder Sarkar. Vishnu was previously thrown out of Sarkar's house because he had murdered the actor who was having an affair with Sapna. Vishnu returns home pretending to have repented. When he approaches Sarkar in the dark of the night with the intent of murdering him, Shankar foils his plan and later kills him . Shankar eliminates Rasheed and Selva Mani. He also succeeds in making Swami his puppet. Shankar has also realized that Chief Minister Madan Rathore  also has a part in the attempt to end Sarkar and his rule. This results in legal action against the Chief Minister. The closing scenes show people approaching Shankar for justice and his father apparently retired.fd"] ["Rosie Perreira  is an overly anxious widow, living with her violin-obsessed son, Sabhi  and a lovely daughter, Nancy  who she would like to get married to a wealthy young man. Her brother and neighbour, Tom  introduces a young eligible Tony Braganza  to Nancy in the 9:10 AM Western Railway local train from Bandra to Churchgate. Tom also asks Nancy to introduce Tony to Rosie, which she does. Rosie is initially apprehensive about him as he only drawing a mere Rs.300/ compared to Nancy's Rs.700/-, but soon changes her mind when she finds out that after his probationary period he will draw a monthly pay of Rs.1000/-. Nancy and Tony are permitted to meet and both eventually fall in love. While Nancy has a past where she was betrayed by a boy whom she loved,she still likes Tony. Tony is hesitant, and this is what costs him Nancy's love, as Rosie feels that he will not come through with the marriage. And soon Rosie starts looking elsewhere for a son-in-law.Nancy does not like this but she at first accepts to whatever her mom wants.Nancy and Tony have a fight and stop meeting each other in the train as well.When Tom comes to know about this he speaks to Tony's dad.Tony's dad tells tony that if he is still reluctant to make any commitments, he should tell Nancy about the same.So Nancy and Tony meet each other and Nancy tells him that she will never meet him again.It is then when Tony feels that he actually loves Nancy and cannot live without her.Then Nancy also confesses her love for him and they get married happily."] ["Vir is a bachelor from a small town working as a sous-chef in a five-star hotel in Mumbai. A handsome, charming, macho idiot who flirts with, yearns for and lusts after any woman who is friendly but seems unattainable. From his man-hating maid, whom he ogles as she wipes his floor, to the man-eating call center owner who could wipe the floor with him...from the too-tall model to the too-young pretty pest down the corridor...from the Bengali-Beauty-with-Brains-and-Books to the married-flirt next door - Vir is suckered by them all. Ego, Confusion, Commitment ..it's so difficult to stop flattering and lying - to himself! The sometimes smart and sometimes silly observations of his all-male gang of cooks at the hotel kitchen is of little help until.... Vir, an especially overconfident  specimen of the male species, is forced to grow up."] ["Raj  is a singer trying to make his way in the big city of Mumbai. He rescues a young woman who has fallen in front of a train and stays with her when she is rushed to a hospital. Pooja Oberoi , the daughter of a wealthy family, survives but falls into a coma. Her family rushes to the hospital and, finding Raj there, assumes that he is Pooja's husband, Romi, with whom she had eloped and whom they had never met. Pooja cannot correct them; Raj, who can, prefers not to. As the family gets to know the pretend Romi, Pooja's best friend, Jahnvi  starts spending a lot of time with him. He falls in love with Jahnvi, who is regarded as a second daughter by Pooja's family. Then Pooja revives from her coma and complicates matters by falling for Raj. Raj chooses Jahnvi because he really loves her and admits that he acted as Pooja's husband out of kindness. Raj marries Jahnvi and Rahul  comes in to marry Pooja."] ["The film starts with a mourning being held at Avtaar Industries. Radha Kishen  garlands her husband Avtaar Kishen's  bust. The story starts from a flashback. Radha is the only daughter of Seth Jugal Kishore . Radha is in love with Avtaar, a poor boy. Jugal Kishore resents Radha's love. Hence, the duo elope and get married. Avtaar and Radha face various hardships in life, but ultimately succeed. After 3&nbsp;decades, Avtaar is owner of a small garage and a small fortune. He has two sons, Chander  and Ramesh . Chander is married to Renu , while Ramesh is married to Shobha . Avtaar also has a servant named Sewak . Like Avtaar, his sons have also married rich girls, daughters of Seth Laxmi Narayan . But, they are totally henpecked. When Avtaar discovers this, he leaves his home. Radha and Sewak also follow him. With help of a moneylender Bawaji , Avtaar starts his own garage. Avtaar faces an uphill task, since he has no money to buy equipments, is aged and his right hand is paralysed in a freak accident. Sewak helps his master by illegally donating blood to arrange for money, but when Avtaar thinks that Sewak resorted to robbery, Bawaji tells the truth. Moved, Radha and Avtaar regard him as their own son. Meanwhile, both Ramesh and Chander are enjoying their own life. Avtaar's luck changes again when the engine he is working on gives a successful result. Soon, Avtaar starts manufacturing the engine parts. This gives way to an industrial empire headed by Avtaar, Radha and Sewak. To help other old people like him who were spurned by their own families, Avtaar starts some social institutions. Avtaar's success takes a toll on Laxmi Narayan's business and he holds Chander responsible. Meanwhile Ramesh commits fraud with the bank and is arrested. Shobha come to Avtaar for help, but he rebukes her and sends her away. Radha gets angry over this, but keeps silent. Avtaar secretly gives Bawaji the bail money on the condition that he tells no one the truth. Bawaji bails both Ramesh. Meanwhile holding Chandar responsible for the loss in business, Laxmi Narayan throws him out of the house. Ramesh, Chandar and Shobha go to Radha for help. Although Avataar is not willing to help them. Next day, Avtaar goes to office and does not return. Radha calls him many times and finally reaches office late night. She tries to convince him that she is a mother too. But he doesn't listen to all that. Deep in emotions, Radha accuses him of having turned heartless. Same day, Bawaji meets Radha, whereupon Radha tells him the whole story. Bawaji has to tell the truth to her as he cannot bear Avtaar being insulted despite his big heart. On learning the truth, Radha realizes her mistake and tries to call Avtaar. Sewak informs her that Avataar had a heart attack. Everybody goes to Hospital, where Avataar had already written his will and hands it to Radha and dies. The story comes to the present, where Radha garlands Avtaar's bust and the film ends."] ["The film starts with a group of college students enjoying a picnic in a beautiful forest in Ooty. One of the girls, Nisha  in that group, dies after being attacked under mysterious circumstances outside a bungalow in front of the forest. She had attacked her boyfriend too, who, though injured, managed to live on. She was rushed to the hospital, where just before dying, her facial look and voice changed completely for a short while, thus confusing all the attending doctors. Professor Agni Swaroop , who is supposedly an expert in phenomena involving the unexplained and the supernatural is called by the police to look into the matter and declares that the girl was killed by an evil spirit that has been awakened by her entering the forest. The story then turns to Sanjana Dhanraj  and Aditya Dhanraj  in Mumbai in a business party, where Aditya seems too busy to pay heed to the fact that his wife is longing to talk to him. She snatches the car keys from Aditya's pocket and leaves the party to return home. On her frantic drive home, she hears a voice in her head and loses control of the car. However, miraculously, she escapes the accident unscathed. After her recovery, Sanjana asks her husband for a divorce; Aditya, however, realizes his fault and suggests a vacation to work out their problems. He offers Sanjana a trip to any corner of the world for some days and Sanjana chooses to return to Ooty  in order to save their failing marriage. In Ooty they stay in the same bungalow behind which Nisha was attacked. Initially, the couple enjoy their stay at the cottage but soon Sanjana starts experiencing mysterious things, such as hearing a woman screaming in the forest behind the cottage and inexplicable falling objects. She later learns that their housekeeper's husband, Robert, also used to hear strange voices from the forest, and that he ran from the house in fear once he could bear it no more. She shares her problems with her friend Priya , a local girl, who advises Sanjana to visit professor Swaroop. The professor arrives at the cottage and after a short investigation announces the presence of a spirit in the house. He also tells Sanjana about the earlier incident involving the girl who was attacked and killed by an evil spirit in those very woods. He then re-visits the same spot in the forest where Nisha was attacked. He was accompanied by Priya and Sanjana too. Sanjana goes alone to talk to that spirit, where after some time, she discovers a revolver. All three of them go to an arms store to learn more and are told by the shopkeeper that the revolver was licensed to a retired colonel named Col. Arjun Malik. They visit the colonel's house, suspecting him to be a murderer of innocent girls, but soon learn from the colonel that the spirit is actually his own daughter, Malini , who was mentally ill and had managed to escape from the mental asylum several times. Using the methodology suggested by the professor, Sanjana summons the spirit, believing that the spirit wants to tell her something. The spirit conveys that Malini had met Aditya when he came to Ooty the previous year for work. When Sanjana confronts Aditya, he admits that he had stayed at the same cottage where Sanjana and Aditya were currently staying. They eventually learn that that Malini and Aditya had an affair and that Aditya rebuked Malini's demands that he leave his wife, claiming that the affair was never meant to be anything more than physical. An enraged Malini commits suicide in front of Aditya inside of his home. Aditya, with the help of his then manservant Robert, buried the dead girl's body in the forest behind the cottage. Sanjana storms off in anger leaving Aditya alone. The professor tells Sanjana that all this was an attempt by Malini's spirit to separate Sanjana and Aditya in order to take him with her into the afterlife. He believes that the spirit's next step would be to kill Aditya and that they should rush to Aditya before Malini attacks him. Sanjana goes to Aditya and tells him that she is doing this just to save him and that they should leave for Mumbai in their car immediately. After they leave, Sanjana, Priya and the Prof Swaroop arrive at the cottage where the bewildered maid tells them that Aditya just left with her. Prof Swaroop realizes that the earlier Sanjana was Malini's spirit in disguise and they rush after the car. Malini's spirit meanwhile causes the car in which Aditya is travelling to fall off a cliff. Aditya goes into a coma and is hospitalised. To prevent the spirit from succeeding in her plans, Sanjana, Priya and the professor go into the forest to locate the girl's body to burn it. The professor is killed by the spirit and then possessed by her and attacks Sanjana during this episode, where Sanjana also discovers the dead body of the husband of the maid who first told Sanjana about the strange voices. At the last moment, Sanjana manages to burn the body, thereby liberating the girl's spirit and saving Aditya's life. The film ends with Aditya and Sanjana reuniting."] ["Badal  is a young man with a tragic childhood. As a child, he had witnessed his entire family, his loving father, mother, and baby sister, murdered in a village massacre by ruthless police officer Jaisingh Rana, who kills people for fun. Years later, Badal has become a dreaded terrorist whose main target in life is exacting revenge on Jaisingh Rana for his family's horrible death. In this endeavor, Badal travels to a small town, where he meets a good-natured police officer, Ranjeet Singh , who takes Badal under his wing, and Rani , a bubbly free spirit who falls madly in love with him. Ranjeet Singh's family eventually takes Badal in as a son. Through both Singh's family and Rani, Badal is given a new lease of life and comes to understand the values of sentiments, love and relationships, all of which he has missed out on in his life. However, after Ranjeet Singh finds out who Badal really is, and Badal comes face-to-face with Jaisingh Rana, who is now a big-name but still evil police inspector, he must figure out how to clear the misunderstanding between him and Ranjeet Singh, withhold Rani's love, and finally get the revenge he has thirsted for against Jaisingh Rana. IMDb: Badal"] ["Kailash  loses his eyesight after a car accident. His wife gives birth to twin boys, one of them blind. Before his wife gains consciousness, he asks the doctor to get rid of the blind baby, because he doesn't want his son to live a life where he can't see at all. The doctor's wife leaves the blind baby in a Hindu temple, where he is discovered by the temple priest who raises the boy, now called Bholenath . Kailash feels guilty about what he did to the blind baby and confesses it to his wife several years later, who becomes so distraught that she dies. Kailash raises his other son Sanjay , who turns into a spoiled rich boy. Although Sanjay is engaged to Sonia , he continues to have an affair with Lucy , who has a rich dangerous boyfriend Grasco . Sonia's greedy brother Kunwal  agrees to marry a country girl Tara  but wants a Rs. 300,000 dowry. She doesn't want to marry him, because she is in love with Bholenath, even though he is poor and blind. Bholenath thinks that his status is beneath hers and that she deserves a rich suitor and steals the money from the Hindu temple to give to Kunwal for her dowry. His pet snake tries to stop him from giving the money by biting him. He regains his sight and vows to the temple priest and Tara to bring the money back from Kunwal. Once he reaches the city, people mistook him for Sanjay, who in turn, is hiding out with Lucy after she leaves Grasco along with Rs. 15,000,000. She is found dead with the money missing. Sanjay is the suspect. The film is resolved with the real culprit getting caught, and the two brothers reunited with their father, and then marrying their sweethearts."] ["Pyare  is blind and Mohan  is deaf after they meet a severe accident  Both are friends and seem to be happy with their disability but they crave the love of a girl who will love them for who they are. They eventually come across two sisters Preeti  and Piya . The men fall in love with them and begin to dream of a life with them. Unfortunately the girls have the opposite feeling and see them only as friends and when they ask for the reason why they don't love them, they learn it is because of their disabilities. And so, burdened by their disabilities the girls leave for Bangkok as they have a show there. On the plane, a nervous passenger called Tony , who is actually a don, feels that the aircraft is about to crash due to the turbulence. He then begins to make a confession to a priest  about his escape from India and that he is actually an underworld don who has faked his own death. The priest is seated next to Preeti and Piya. As the turbulence clears Tony feels insecure about telling the priest about his intention but soon the plane is fine and Tony is scared that the priest may reveal his true identity so he kills the priest at Bangkok airport and the blame falls on Preeti and Piya. They are charged for murder and are imprisoned in a Bangkok jail. Pyare and Mohan hear about the arrest and quickly go to Bangkok to save them. Soon they escape with the girls but Tony's men are after them as well as the police. After some daring scenes Tony becomes impatient with his brother Tiny, so he kills him. When hearing that they can be taken out of Bangkok, Pyare, Mohan, Preeti and Piya hide from the police and don Tony. Tony finds out about their attempt to escape and heads them off. Hitting bottles at Pyare and Mohan with a baseball bat, Tony hopes to kill the girls, but he is unsuccessful because Pyare and Mohan protect them. When the bottes run out Pyare and Mohan faint. Tony then grabs the girls and starts trying to hit them with the bat itself. Pyare then becomes conscience and uses the watch to awaken and find Mohan. The two then find Tony and start beating him. They are about to strike the last blow, when a bullet is shot. The police have arrived with Tiny, who is still alive. He was rushed to the hospital just in time, and told the police everything about his brother's plans. Tony is then arrested. After healing, Pyare and Mohan go to the airport to return home to India. While doing so they run into Preeti and Piya who tell them that they love them and want to marry them."] ["Naseeruddin Shah is Hero Hiralal, a Hyderabadi Auto-driver, who meets an upcoming Bollywood starlet, Roopa  and becomes her tour guide. Soon, the two fall in love. Work takes Roopa back to Bombay. Hero, pining for his lover follows her and has an encounter with her family members who clearly disapprove of him. Roopa's family tells her to reject Hero's love and move on with her career. Buckling under family pressure, Roopa is compelled to give up her love which causes Hero to fall into depression and attempt suicide. He is saved in time by Rani Sitara Devi, a show lady  who arranges for him to die like a great lover in supposedly the greatest show on earth as directed by her. Fortunately, Hero is saved once again in the nick of time when Roopa arrives in a rush at the last minute to confess her love for him."] ["The film opens up in J.S Medical College, Pune, where the principal calls Dr. Rohan Verma  and tells him that he has received a gold medal, a bungalow, a car and a chief surgeon post in Bombay. Verma and his wife Suman , a school teacher, both reach their new house in Bombay. One year later, while they are asleep, they hear a voice. Verma starts searching the house when suddenly a burglar  attacks him. Suman starts calling the police, but the burglar escapes. Two policemen, Inspector Indrajeet Saxena aka Inder  and Inspector Sule  arrive to investigate and tells them to file a report. While in school, a peon fraudulently puts drugs in Suman's handbag. Inspector Sule tells her that she has to be arrested in drugs case, but inspector Inder informs her that she is free to go as the drugs were put by the peon and he has confessed. The peon is shown dead on the floor with blood on his face. On the other hand, Dr. Verma invites Inspector Inder to their home for dinner. Inder arrives with Soley. While they are partying, Inder starts asking them about children to which both get depressed. Next day, Inder invites Verma to a men-only party. After the party, Inder takes Verma to an area where only criminals live. He goes inside and brings a man - the same person who came as a burglar in Verma's house. Inder asks Verma to take his revenge but Verma refuses and says that he cannot take the life of any person. To this, Inder frees the burglar but shoots him while he is escaping. Verma reaches home and tells his wife that Inder is a psycho and that she should maintain a distance from him. To this Suman tells him that whatever Inder did was right. The next day, Inder meets Suman and justifies his actions saying that the burglar deserved this punishment. Inder then arrives at a party, given in honour of Dr. Verma. Verma tells him to leave but he refuses. Inder is in reality lusting on Verma's wife Suman and is trying every possible way to attract her towards him. Next day, Inder meets Suman and asks her the reason for not having a child. Suman tells him that two years earlier, while she was pregnant, she fell off from the stairs. Dr. Verma was busy in an emergency duty and could not come to the hospital to see her and she lost the child. She regrets that if Verma had come that day, they would not have lost the child. The next night, Inder calls a prostitute  to his house and tells her to behave like Suman. But when she calls him Raja, Inder beats her black and blue and tells her that you are not Suman and the day will come when Suman will fall for him. Inder's friend Inspector Sule warns him to stop interfering in the life of Dr. Verma and Suman and that if he continues to do that, he will report this matter to the ACP. Inder ignores the warning and disconnects the telephone and electricity connection of Verma's house. At night, he enters Verma's house where Rohan and Suman are having sex. While finding Inder at such an uninviting position at his house, Rohan gets furious and along with his lawyer  goes to the ACP to lodge a complaint against Inder. Inder then kills the prostitute and his friend Sule and tells the ACP that both of them were involved in dealing of drugs which were supplied by Dr. Verma. He then tricks Verma into the drugs case and gets him arrested. At night, Inder reaches Verma's house. He first kills Suman's friend Neeta  and then goes after Suman. On the other hand, Verma tricks the police and escape from their custody. Upon reaching his house, he engages in a fierce battle with Inder. In the end, Dr. Verma kills Inder in an act of self defence."] ['Lucia Lane  is a British author who is researching the Bollywood film industry. She falls in love and has an affair with Vikram , who is a famous Bollywood actor. The plot is complicated by the fact that Vikram is married, and his friend, Hari, is also in love with Lucia.'] ["Saaransh is a story of an old Maharashtrian couple living in Shivaji Park, Mumbai, coming to terms with the death of their only son who is killed in a mugging incident in New York. Devastated to learn that their child has been killed, former headmaster B.V. Pradhan and his wife, Parvati, grieve. With their son dead, there is no income coming in, so they rent out a room in their Shivaji Park  apartment to a budding Bollywood actress, Sujata Suman, who has been having an illicit affair with Vilas , the only son of a politician named Gajanan Chitre. Vilas lacks the guts to tell his father that he is in love and would like to marry Sujata and puts off any marriage plans. They get intimate and, as a result, Sujata gets pregnant. When Pradhan finds out, he offers to take Sujata to meet Gajanan with the hope that he will permit her to become his daughter-in-law. Gajanan not only refuses, he also threatens them: He warns them of dire consequences if Sujata does not abort the child and moves away to another town. Pradhan refuses to let Sujata out of his house, and then begins the stalking and harassment by Gajanen's men. Pradhan goes to file a police complaint but is told that the police cannot even touch Gajanan's men. Sujata has no choice but to continue to seek shelter with Pradhan and Parvati. Sujata does not know that they have a secret agenda of their own in keeping her within their sight One poignant moment is when Pradhan  is haggling with the customs officials to recover his son's ashes."] ["A street-toughened orphan by the name of Munna  is befriended by some kind folks, whose effervescent daughter Mili  soon grows to be his best buddy. Both gravitate toward the Mumbai movie industry. While Mili finds occupation as a movie extra, Munna earns his livelihood selling movie tickets in the black market. Mili has ambitions of becoming an actress. Fortune glances her way, when she dances her way into a movie star's attentions. This actor, Raj Kamal , arranges for her to be auditioned for the heroine's role in his upcoming movie called Rangeela. Mili's shortcomings amount to distractions, but thanks in no small way to Munna and Raj, she lands the role. Then the story goes on with Raj and Munna both falling for Mili, and Mili too busy in the making of the movie to notice any of this. She starts spending a lot of time with Raj during the filming. Munna tries many times to tell Mili that he loves her, but he is unable to, or Raj gets in the way. Eventually, feeling inferior, Munna decides to leave Mili to Raj, who can give her a better life than he can. The matter isn't resolved yet though, as Mili hears of this on the film's opening night. She asks Raj to help her find Munna, which he does after realizing that Mili seems to love Munna and not him. The lovers finally get re-united at the sunset on a roadhill."] ["Young actor Vikram Jaisingh  arrives in Mumbai to make it as a Bollywood film star with the help of Abhimanyu , an actor friend from his hometown, and their mutual friend Sameer, who works in a studio props department. Vikram befriends Abhimanyu's neighbor, young actress Sona Mishra , with whom he eventually becomes romantically involved. Sona, the mistress of small-time producer Satish Chowdhury , who for three years has promised her a leading role in his dream project, meanwhile works in regional films and bit parts. Sona finds out that Satish has secured financing for the new project and meets him expecting him to cast her as second heroine, but he refuses saying that they need a new face and since she has acted in many regional films and other small roles she is no longer a fresh face. She argues that she can act well but he says that is not a major criteria these days in Bollywood. Sona is crying when Satish's wife enters and asks her why she is crying. Sona answers by fabricating a lie about trouble at home to save both her and Satish's embarrassment. Sona while leaving the both of them gives photos of Vikram to Satish who shows it to his wife and who in turn shows them to Romy . Vikram is shortlisted for Romy's new movie. Neena, the mom of Nikki the actress casted for the movie, was a big film actress in the heydey. She sees Vikram's audition and tries to remember where has she met him before. Vikram had once approached her at a film fraternity party. Vikram is told his audition was for the lead in the film and that Neena has seen his audition. At home, he sees every movie Neena has starred in and he impresses her with his charm and knowledge about her movies. Recalling past advice, Vikram successfully boosts a competing actor's ego whose overconfident acting is rejected by the director. Finally, Vikram is selected by Neena, Ranjit  and Romy's wife , despite Romy's desire to cast the other macho, hunky actor. On set Vikram becomes increasingly crafty and manipulative, while Nikki is smitten by him and sneaks into his room one night while her mother is asleep in an attempt to seduce him. Vikram succumbs to her advances and a secret affair starts between the two, the affair becomes stronger when Neena has to leave the set on business for a few days. Vikram tells Nikki he has no girlfriend. Meanwhile, Sona arrives at the hotel where the cast is staying to surprise Vikram. Her friend who is also working on the film warns her of a blossoming romance between Vikram and Nikki. She doesn't take heed of her friends warning but discovers the truth when she sees Vikram's unexpectedly cold behavior towards her. Distraught, she leaves the hotel. After coming back Neena instantly recognizes that something is going on between them and makes them understand that it will be mutually beneficial for them not to let the press and public know of their intimacy. Meanwhile, in Mumbai, the news of the affair has leaked and a friend of Sona who works at a tabloid is assigned to prepare the article, which describes Vikram as a user who has shot to stardom by manipulating Neena and her daughter Nikki. The article also mentions details of when he was struggling to land a role and Sona's part in his life as the forgotten girlfriend. Neena yells at the magazine editor and tells Nikki to stay away from Vikram. Vikram and Nikki have a fight and Vikram also shows his frustration to Sona as he believes she is the one responsible for the article. Eventually the film is released and it becomes a hit. Vikram rises to stardom but at the expense of his friends. At a party, he meets his idol Shah Rukh Khan, who advises him to not fall into the trappings of stardom and to always stay close to the people that stood by him when he was a nobody. He tries to get back with Sona but she points out that he only wants to be with her because he is selfish and feels guilty. She refuses and walks out of his life. Sona soon gets good roles on television and is interviewed by a reporter for her fan following. The film ends with her revealing to the reporter that she is happy living the life of an independent and somewhat successful actress instead of being upset about not becoming a major movie star. Vikram may have attained the traditional definition of success and stardom but did he attain happiness? After losing most of his friends, coworkers and their trusts it is questionable. This is beautifully contrasted at the end with Sona's acceptance of her place in her life. She may not be the most famous actress but the fact remains that she has chosen to achieve and be happy, the true success of anyone's life."] ["The film is an attempt to dramatize a synopsis of the 1999 Kargil War ([[Operation Vijay . The film opens with a dramatic shot of an Indian soldier's wireless set chirping frantic commands from one of the army bases, calling a patrol to report in, while the radio operator lies dead in the snow. After frantic attempts, from various battalions, to locate their lost patrols, the Indian Army HQ in Jammu and Kashmir decides to deploy more troops, but suffers a rude shock when company, and even battalion-sized attacks are beaten back by the largely unknown enemy sitting on top of the steep and treacherous peaks surrounding Kargil, Mushkoh Valley, Drass, Batalik and the Kaksar sectors. After these terrible and surprising reverses the decision is taken to go ahead with maximum mobilization and move its best fighting units into the area of operations. The first unit deployed is 1/11 Gurkhas  who are specialists in high altitude warfare. 1/11 is led by its CO, Col. Lalit Rai , and has the charismatic and brave Lt. Manoj Pandey  leading one of its platoons. Subsequently, the 18th Grenadiers, which was in the Kashmir Valley guarding against terrorist infiltration when they were urgently summoned to help throw out the intruders, are deployed. The Grenadiers were led by Colonel Khushal Thakur , and among the officers and soldiers were men like Lt. Col R Vishwanathan , Major Rajesh Adhikari , Lt. Balwan Singh , Captain Sachin Nimbalkar , and Grenadiers Yogendra Singh Yadav . Other units like the 17th Jat, 2nd Rajputana Rifles, 22 & 16 Grenadiers, 2 Naga, 1 Bihar, 8 Sikh, 18 Garhwal Rifles, 12 JAK LI, 3 Punjab and 13th J&K Rifles are also inducted into the theater of conflict. The first assault is by the 1/11 Gurkhas advance platoon led by Lt. Manoj Pandey which links with the beleaguered and severely mauled Sikh Bn and then follows up to launch its attack on Kukarthang post which is a very heavily defended enemy position supported by mortar units and artillery batteries on the Pakistani side of LOC. The Gurkhas take Kukarthang after suffering heavy casualties revealing that the enemy is not a rag-tag bunch of Mujahiddin but rather a trained army unit which is being given full fire support from across the LOC. The second battle is at the strategic Tololing mountain which sits astride the vital National Highway 1, the main supply route for the entire Northern Kashmir sector including Siachen and Leh. Col. Khushal's 18th Grenadiers 1st company, led by Major Adhikari, attacks Tololing. The company is held up midway to the top due to heavy fog, so it decides to wait for clear weather. The men when half asleep suffer intense shelling from artillery and mortars, causing several casualties and panic. They try to get to safety by moving up the mountain, but are pushed down by heavy small arms fire from intruders dug into the well-prepared position atop the mountain. Subsequent counter-attacks from the Indians are stifled by stiff resistance, in the absence of artillery support for the Indians, claiming the lives of Major Adhikari and Lt. Col. Vishwanathan. The 18th Grenadiers are relieved by 2nd Rajputana Rifles, commanded by Col. Ravindranath , which moves in with an artillery battery of 110 mm field artillery and acclimatised troops. They launch a multi-pronged attack under artillery cover which ends in success, but at the cost of losing many officers and ranks, including Capt. Vijayant Thapar , Maj. Padmapani Acharya  and Maj. Vivek Gupta . All this happens while the 13th J&K Rifles led by Lt. Col. Y K Joshi  stands by in case the 2nd Raj Rif fails. The 13th JAK Rif is blooded at Rocky Mount where they take the field after suffering heavy casualties and then follows it up with another victory at Point 5140 where Captain Vikram Batra  distinguishes himself by taking the south face of Pt 5140 without any casualties and is promoted to captain. The decisive phase of the of war has come. 18th Grenadiers are assigned to take Tiger Hill, 17th Jat to Three Pimple complex feature, 1/11 Gurkha to Khalubar Ridge and 13th J&K to Bunker Complex. The Grenadiers take Tiger Hill after a daring stealth attack by the elite Ghatak section, losing its lead Nk Yogender Yadav , and only one of them Grenadier Yogender Yadav  survives to link up with the rest of the battalion. 17th Jat suffers heavy casualties with Captain Anuj Nayyar  and several others killed and injured, but is able to secure Three Pimple complex. 1/11 Gurkha links up with 22 Grenadiers at the base of Khalubar Ridge after braving an intense creeping barrage of artillery. Pandey somehow keeps the sagging morale of the weary unit up till the battalion begins its attack. The plans go awry as Gurkha CO Col Rai is injured by machine gun fire. Pandey volunteers to take out the bunkers which are holding up the attack. The machine guns are taken out, but Pandey is killed in action. The last battle is fought by the 13th J&K attacking Bunker Complex but the unit gets split up and Capt Batra is sent to link up with Captain Nagappa  who has been captured one bunker and surrounded by enemy , Batra links up with capt. Nagappa but is pinned down himself by heavy enemy fire, he single handedly takes out two bunkers but is mortally wounded. The 13th JAK pursues the enemy to the LOC but stops due to orders not to cross the LOC. Finally India declares 'OPERATION VIJAY' a success and victory and secures all its captured heights from the deceitful and cunning Pakistani adversary."] ["Nandagopal , an associate editor with Keralareshmi, one of the leading dailies, is aggressive and daring and enjoys a good reputation among the media circle. Born and brought up in Mumbai, Nandan is the son of Venugopal, a daring journalist who was killed by textile mafia long back. Nandan, in Kochi meets Sekharan ([[Murali , an old naxalite who is running Jagratha, a newspaper which is feared by political class. Sekharan's outspoken and belligerent nature had earned him more enemies than friends. He is constantly fighting Vishwathan , who rules Kochi with his muscle and money. Vishwanathan holds a large share in Keralareshmi and enjoys a huge political clout at state and central levels. Shekharan brings out the role of Vishwanathan in the murder of Vincent Paul, which creates a panic in the political level. Vishwanathan eliminates Sekharan by planting a bomb under his car. Jagratha, the newspaper of Sekharan is now in the hands of Devika , the only daughter of Sekharan, who is an aggressive journalist like her father. Nandan, who was very close to Sekharan, investigates the murder of Sekharan and realizes the role of Vishwanathn in it. Firoze Mohammed , the investigating officer, who is also a close friend of Nandan, is found dead one day. Nandan is arrested by police in a fabricated case and sacked from Keralareshmi. He comes out on bail and takes law in his hands to avenge the death of Sekharan and Feroze. He shoots down Vishwanathan in the climax and takes over as the new managing editor of Jagratha."] ["Ragini  and Uday  go to a secluded house, set deep inside a forest, for a weekend of fun. Upon arrival, Ragini and Uday discover worms in their bag of food, but neglect it. Uday has plans of recording a video of Ragini and him having sex, without her knowledge, so that he can fulfill his dream of becoming an actor. However, they are interrupted by Ragini's friend, Piya and her boyfriend, Vishal. Vishal was told that the house belonged to a lady who was accused of being a witch, and subsequently killed by her family. However, she returned as a vengeful ghost and murdered her entire family. After a bash of music, dance and beer, Vishal senses eeriness in the house and leaves with Piya. Uday then handcuffs Ragini to the bed. While they are kissing, Uday's hair is pulled by someone, and he realizes that there is another presence in the house. Ragini spots a camera in the room and realizes Uday's intentions. She is unable to do anything, as the key goes missing, leaving her tied to the bed. As matters worsen, Uday runs away, leaving Ragini alone in the house. The spirit does not let him escape however, and Uday returns upstairs, bruised. The ghost enters Uday's body and makes him commit suicide. Ragini struggles to unlock herself from the cuffs before sunrise. She finds the key under the bed, but fails to get it. The next night, the ghost attacks her again, but she manages to break free by cutting her wrist with glass. Ragini escapes the house and runs away, screaming for help. When she sees a car, she chases it, but finds Vishal dead inside. After trying to start the car unsuccessfully, she hides in an old well where she finds Piya's body. The ghost then grabs her and brings her back to the haunted house. The ghost tells that she is not a witch, she did not kill her children, she will not leave her house, and that she will not let others get out of her house alive. Ragini slowly rises up in the air and is slapped and thrown around by the ghost. The ghost then tries to make her commit suicide, but Ragini is able to stop her and toss the weapon away. Ragini stays suspended against the wall all night. As the sun rises, she slips down to the ground, having survived and is free to escape. On-screen text reveals that after a few days, a local boy finds Ragini unconscious and takes her to the hospital. She had to go through intensive psychiatric treatment for 10 months, and then agreed to tell her story."] ["The Munim  in Ranimaa's family lives with his son, Kaushal and daughter, Madhavi. After he passes away, Ranimaa brings up both children as her own, along with her only son, Rajesh. Years later, Rajesh has grown up and is of marriageable age. He meets with beautiful Bhanu Saxena and both fall in love with each other. Shortly thereafter, in a boating accident, Kaushal passes away, leaving behind a devastated Madhavi, Rajesh, who blames himself for his death, and Ranimaa. A few months later, Rajesh gets married to Bhanu and she moves in with them. Bhanu dislikes Madhavi and would like her out of the way, she goes to the extent of accusing her of having an affair with her husband. Under pressure, Madhavi goes to kill herself, and is rescued by a young man named Moti. Rajesh likes Moti and would like him to marry Madhavi, to which he agrees. After the marriage, Madhavi bids adieu to Ranimaa, and Rajesh, and moves in with Moti. What Madhavi does not know that Moti had an agenda and an ulterior motive for marrying her, and it looks like she has been dumped from the frying pan into the fire."] ['Surya , the abandoned child of fourteen-year-old unwed mother Kalyani , is brought up by a generous lady living in the slums. He grows up to become a fearless kind-hearted slum king who fights the injustice that takes place daily. These qualities lead him to cross swords with the local don Devarajan  . Deva\'s friend Ramana is fatally beaten up by Surya, and he threatens Surya that he will find himself in a dangerous situation if the friend was laid to rest. His friend passes away, and Surya gets placed in prison. However, when Deva discovers Ramana\'s offense, he decides to get Surya released from jail. Surya is surprised to see Deva send his own man to get him out from jail, and there he tells Surya, Nyayamnu onnu irrukku . From that moment, Deva surrenders his ego and offers his hand of friendship to Surya. Surya pledges that he has nothing else but his life to give his new friend. From then on Deva makes Surya his "Thalapathi" . Meanwhile Surya falls for a local girl Subbulakshmi . They soon fall in love and their relationship continues. Surya and Deva virtually rule the town with their muscle and their sense of justice. In the eyes of the government, they are anti-social elements. Arjun , posted as the new district collector, plans to arrest both so that he can end their brutal activities. But his opportunities are in vain. At this time, Deva and his wife go to Subbulakshmi\'s house asking for her betrothal to Surya. But her father refuses stating he cannot marry his daughter to a person who doesn\'t know about his parents. Instead, Subbulakshmi is married to Arjun. Surya eventually marries another girl  who was widowed by him earlier . Surya, still troubled by the guilt, prefers to remain as a guard to the widow and her daughter. A struggle breaks out between the collector and Deva/Surya during which Surya learns that Arjun\'s mother is his mother, too. Surya promises his mother that he will not harm Arjun but refuses to leave Deva, whose friendship is more valuable to him than his relationship with his brother. Deva is stunned to learn that collector and Surya are brothers and admires Surya for not parting with him in spite of discovering his identity. During the process of surrendering to the collector, assuring him completely stopping their activities, Deva is shot by his enemy. Surya, in a fit of rage, brutally kills Kalivardhan  who was the cause for Deva\'s death and surrenders to the police after performing the final rites of his friend. But the police withdraw the case due to lack of evidence and witnesses. The collector goes to another place on a new posting accompanied by his wife. His mother then changes her mind to stay with her elder son, Surya.'] ['In the year 1840, a girl named Amiran  is kidnapped from her family in Faizabad, Oudh by their neighbour, Dilawar Khan , and sold to Madam Khanum Jaan  who owns a brothel in Lucknow where she trains courtesans . Amiran, renamed Umrao Jaan, learns to read, write, dance, sing, and charm wealthy men. She is a cultured woman trained to captivate men of wealth and taste. A grown-up Umrao Jaan  catches the eye of Nawab Sultan , and the two fall in love. But Nawab must marry to please his family, and Umrao\'s heart is broken. She meets a dashing bandit chieftain, Faiz Ali , who woos and wins her. She flees with her dacoit, hoping to marry him and leave the world of the courtesan far behind. But her lover is killed by local police and she is left alone, with no choice but to return to her old life. Soon, the British attack the city of Lucknow and the residents are forced to flee. Umrao\'s party of refugees stop in a small village near Lucknow. The residents ask the courtesan to sing and dance. Umrao, looking about her, realizes that this is her town, Faizabad, her family, the place from which she was kidnapped. She had been so young when kidnapped that she had forgotten, but now it all returns to her. She sings the song, "Yeh kya jagah hai doston?"  a veiled reference to her feelings of dismay at being treated like a pariah entertainer by her very own people. After, she meets her mother and younger brother, who had thought that she was dead. Her mother would be happy to welcome her back into the family, but her brother forbids it &mdash; she is tainted by her profession and must not return to embarrass them. At the end of the film, Umrao returns to the now-deserted and looted brothel in Lucknow and finds she is left alone, with nothing but her profession and her poetry.'] ["Ram Shashtri, an upper Caste Hindu Brahmin, lives in a small village in India, but has a very large family, consisting of his wife, Savitri, five daughters and three sons. Ram performs prayers and last rites for the Hindu community, and it is through these meagre earnings that the entire household lives on. The eldest is a daughter by name Shalini, silently falls in love with Ashok J. Rao, the son of the Village Mukhiya, Jagannath. As the Raos are of a much lower caste than the Shastris, Ashok is told by his dad that he cannot marry Shalini. One day, after an argument with his dad, he leaves to join the army, and a few weeks later a telegram is received by Jagannath that Ashok is no more. As Ram is unable to get more assignments, Savitri attempts to poison the entire family, but Shalini stops her in time. She gets a job and is able to get the family to get back up on its feet. Her brother, Gautam, wants to be a doctor, so she arranges for his studies, while her sister, Poorna, wants to be a singer, and a music teacher is arranged. Then Shalini leaves her village to travel to Poona to get her brother's admission to Medical College, with considerable success, and from thence on there is no looking back for this family. Shalini gets a raise and an offer for a big pay-raise if she re-locates to the capital, Delhi, which she does. She sends plenty of money so her dad does not have to work, and her siblings can carry on with their respective studies. Then Shalini's sister, Girja, meets a young man, Raju, and both fall in love. Gautam, now a doctor, is in love with the Tehsildar's daughter, Usha, and wants to marry her. Shalini returns home to attend the two marriages. The marriages take place with great pomp and ceremony and everyone compliments Shalini, for without her efforts, the family would have been destitute. But after the weddings, her life will be changed forever, she will lose all respect from her family, she will be treated as an outcast and forced to leave the house. The question remains, why would Shalini be ill-treated by her very own family, and if so, what will become of her?"] ["The bosses of the European drug cartel meet in the French Riviera to discuss a new threat emerging from Asia. Don  is jeopardising their business because he is able to sell drugs at a much lower price to their customers. The bosses send word out that Don must die. Don has been living in Thailand for the past five years and goes to a remote settlement to pick up a shipment of cocaine. Instead of normal transaction, Don has to fight his way out because the European drug dealers want him dead. He then inexplicably goes back to Malaysia where he surrenders to Roma  and Inspector Malik . Don is sentenced to death and sent to a Malaysian prison where he meets his old rival Vardhaan . Don offers Vardhan his friendship, Vardhan agrees - they escape the prison by poisoning all the inmates and go to Zurich, Switzerland, where Don meets his trusted companion, Ayesha . In Zurich, they retrieve the contents of a locker only Vardhaan could access. The locker holds a tape that shows J.K Diwan , the vice president of a Euro printing bank called DZB , sent by Fabian Kohl to bribe Singhania  to kill a competitor. Don blackmails Diwan into giving him the blueprints to the currency center so that he can steal the printing plates. Diwan gives him fake information and hires an assassin Jabbar ([[Nawab Shah  instead. Don manages to escape and forces Jabbar to work for him. Diwan, left with no choice, hands over the real information. Don and his new team plan a bank robbery and carry out their plan by using hostages. After stealing the printing plates, Don is betrayed by Vardhaan and Jabbar but manages to escape. However, one of the members, Sameer  calls the police and Don is captured. Don threatens Sameer for informing the police. Unable to enter the bank and free the hostages, the police are forced to work with Don to get back into the bank in exchange for immunity in Germany. Don and Roma manage to reach Vardhaan and Jabbar but Roma is shot because she refuses to kill Don when told to do so. This gives an idea that Roma still has feelings for Don, even though he killed her brother five years ago. Vardhaan and his thugs fight and Don manages to defeat them, Jabbar gets killed in the process. He then gets his immunity papers and surrenders the disc  and the plates. He takes Roma to an ambulance. Don and Roma exchange one glance at each other before the ambulance doors close. He later detonates a bomb he planted earlier in Diwan’s car. It is revealed that Don actually still has one of the money plates, which the police believe is destroyed in the explosion. It is also revealed that Sameer was loyal to Don and giving his information to police was just a part of Don's plan. The police cannot do anything as Don has immunity and do not know that Don has a plate. Don also gives the police a disc of all his associates but it is really a disc with the names of the European drug cartel. All the members of the cartel are arrested and Don becomes the king of the European underworld."] ["Govinda is an easy going person and Priyanka enters his life. He wants to win her over and for this he keeps making one after another mistake. In order to impress her, he tells many lies and she starts hating him - but what happens later on is the film all about.Let's see!http://www.washingtonbanglaradio.com/content/84483512-govinda-priyanka-chopra-look-ravishing-kcbokadias-deewana-main-deewana-2012-bollywo"] ['Jai Puri  is a forest ranger in the woods near Alberta, Canada. Jai lives in a cabin with his girlfriend Sheila, but has been estranged from his parents, Jatin and Savitri Puri. Jatin is the CEO of a privately held Canadian oil company, Canoil. Jai has a supernatural gift: he is able to enter a photograph and vividly experience the events preceding the time of the photograph. Jai is unable to understand or explain this gift, except to recall that it started when he was very young. He tries to use this gift to help people, despite the risks to his own body. He can remain in photographs only for a minute, and experiences life-threatening, stroke-like effects afterward. Jai\'s father drowns in a boating accident under mysterious circumstances. Jatin was aboard his own boat, the Golmaal, and was surrounded by his wife; his brother, Sunder; longtime friend and lawyer Anil; and Adit, Jatin\'s surrogate son. Eccentric former cop Hapibulla "Happi" Pasha, who suffers from OCD, believes Jatin may have been murdered, and that everyone on the boat at that time may have had a motive. The only clue is an 8x10 photograph of the four men, which Savitri shot a few moments before Jatin fell off the boat and had a hypothermia-induced heart attack. Jai repeatedly uses his gift to enter the photo and experience the incident through the eyes of the four subjects in it. He picks up various clues from the viewpoint of the subject. Happi follows up on these clues and tries to string together a theory. But Jai feels his body gradually weakening from the stress of entering the photo. Sunder is found hanged, an apparent suicide, and a mysterious party in a black SUV tries to kill Jai and Sheila. Later, someone makes an attempt on Savitri\'s life. Happi enlists the help of a nurse, Sally, who helps with medical aide to Jai in order to help him find the killer. Jai enters the photo one last time to find the final set of clues, and is set upon by his now-grown twin, Jeet who had been presumed dead but had survived the fall from the cliff to live a hellish and abusive childhood. During a tussle, Happi arrives at Jai\'s cabin and tries to help, but Sheila kills him with an axe. Jeet and Sheila dump Happi\'s body, as well as that of their betrayed confederate Adit, into the sea, and attempt to do the same with Jai. Jai escapes, and attempts to reconcile with his long-lost brother. Touched, Jeet kills Sheila as she fires on Jai, but her shot kills Jeet. At the end, Jai moves in with his mother.'] ["The first love story is about love getting a second chance. Dev  is a widower, his wife Payal  dies soon after their honeymoon. He moves to Mumbai from Pune with his sister Rachna . Here he meets Gauri , who lives with her psychosomatically ill brother Gaurav . Though they fall in love, the shadow of Gaurav's illness is always between them. And then Rachna falls in love with Gaurav: The second love story. The third story is one of how love can be swallowed by ego, pride and insecurity. Vishal  and Raksha  are happily married. Both are aspiring singers and want to become stars. Though Vishal is more ambitious than Raksha, it is Raksha who succeeds first and becomes a rage. Their marriage totters. The fourth love story is that of Hrithik  and Jojo . Even through Hrithik is a multi-millionaire and both the families want them married, Jojo refuses to marry him until he gets a job and becomes independent of his father."] ["Karan  is a brave and honest police inspector who causes problems for the criminals in Mumbai, including Bhujang . His henchman try to get rid of Karan by framing him and getting him posted in some remote village called Madhavpur. Karan sets to put things right there too, and gets into confrontations with the locals who do not abide by the law. One of the lawbreakers in Madhavpur is Jay Singh , who is a charming but reckless villager always ready to fight for the oppressed. After some initial tensions, Karan and Jay become friends. Jackie Shroff plays Ravi, son of the Mumbai Police Commissioner . After his sister Divya  is kidnapped by Bhujang, Ravi rescues her and then surprisingly joins Bhujang's criminal empire secretly wanting to get his own revenge on Bhujang. After many attempts on life and few resurrections, the three join forces to destroy Bhujang's criminal empire with everything in it. The three leading ladies provide the love interests of the three heroes."] ["Raja  feels stifled under his strict father Col.Chandrasekhar  and when his father picks a girl he doesn't like for him to marry, it is the last straw and he runs away to Ooty. There he teams up with Vasu  and they come up with an ill-advised plan to kidnap Indu , the daughter of Vishwanathan . Vishwanathan is in fact Col. Chandrasekhar's friend and it is Indu that Raja was supposed to marry. But Vishwanathan now mistakes Vasu to be his friend's son and takes him under his wing while Raja is hired to be his driver. While the movie is not a continuous comic ride, it succeeds in raising laughs at regular intervals. While the handling may be lightweight, there is nothing light about the story. There are several twists and turns that perk it up at key moments and make sure that the comic momentum never flags. While the story of mistaken identities is itself quite common, Sundar periodically introduces subplots like the plans of the two managers to murder their boss and new characters like the second Manivannan. These are twists that help in propelling the story forward without any slowdown. The movie has a rich stock of one-liners to throw at us and quite a few of them find their mark. But unlike movies that rely purely on one-liners and lose steam after a while, Ullathai Alli Thaa also boasts of many sequences that are quite hilarious. The scene where almost the whole cast ends up in Jyothimeena's house  is one such sequence. The scene, which has them scrambling around to find hiding places, is expertly choreographed and presented. The scene where Karthik and Koundamani negotiate with the fake kidnappers over the phone is another successful scene. Koundamani's reactions as the ransom inexplicably goes lower are hilarious. There are some smaller sequences too that manage to tickle our{{Who}} funny bone and Sundar makes sure that none of these extend out too long to exhaust the laughs. The parts where Karthik and Koundamani have to dupe both Jaiganesh and Manivannan at the same time are clever and funny. Senthil and his partner do their part with their hare-brained schemes to dispose of Manivannan. The comic vein extends till the climax with Karthik and Koundamani spouting several funny lines in the villain's den. Most of the scenes of this movie's screenplay are copied from old Tamil movie Sabaash Meena, starring Sivaji Ganesan, Chandrababu, Saroja Devi."] ["Chacko Master  is a high-school headmaster who is a president's medal winner in Mathematics. He is a very strict teacher and emphasizes memorization and discipline at the expense of analysis and creativity in school. He punishes his students ruthlessly and gives no special treatment to his son Thomas, who is also a student in his class. Chacko always assumes that his son is behind every mischief in class, and punishes him until the actual culprit gives himself in. Unlike his father, Thomas isn't too good in math  but he is very creative and productive in designing mechanical and electronic gadgetry like a mechanical school bell which his father destroys later. For instance, he impresses his mother and sister by developing an AM radio receiver inside a soap-case at a time when phonographs were more prevalent in his village. When his father finds out about the receiver he throws it into flames and destroys it; he forces his son to focus on his studies instead of being an inventor. Thomas works hard, and he does well in his language paper, but his dad asks his language teacher to grade his paper with no leniency, so that he gets a low grade. When he finds out that even his most beloved language teacher was biased against him he becomes outraged. He runs away from home. Fourteen years later, he returns to his village. Thomas, by now, had changed into a totally different person. He was no longer interested in clockwork and gadgetry; he owned a stone quarry and had become a well known rowdy wanted by the authorities as a prime suspect in many unsolved crimes. His father still hated him and never accepted him as family. But as the film progresses, both father and son regret what they had done to each other. In an interesting turn of events the father and the son reunite in a very emotional way, but only to find the evil forces chasing Thoma.The movie ends with Chacko master taking his last breath lying in Thoma's lap and police taking Thoma into custody."] ["Sanjay Malhotra  is living in Mumbai with his friend Ria . He receives a phone call from his childhood friend Anjali Sharma  who shocks him with the news that she is getting married. Unfortunately Sanjay has loved Anjali for years. Jealous and frustrated Sanjay makes his way to Anjali with one intention - to stop her marriage. Sanjay goes to Anjali's home and soon meets her groom- Rohit Khanna . Sanjay then begins to scheme. He organises a bachelor party for Rohit and all the men in the family. Rohit ends up completely drunk. He picks up on the fact that Sanjay is out to stop his marriage and vows to make sure that Sanjay fails in this. Sanjay, out of desperation, gets Ria to come and pose as his girlfriend. This makes Anjali jealous but eventually Ria leaves giving a hint that Sanjay loves Anjali. Giving up, Sanjay leaves for Mumbai as he cannot stop the wedding. Meanwhile, Anjali says to Rohit that a relationship must be built on truth. She confesses that she has always loved Sanjay. Rohit stops Sanjay from leaving who eventually marries Anjali."] ['Prem  is a man who is married to Pooja  with two kids. He gets involved in a roaring affair with an aspiring model, Rupali . He prefers her to his wife because Rupali is modern and wears fashionable clothes. On Karwachauth, Pooja discovers him at Rupali\'s house and asks him to choose between his mistress and his wife. He decides to move in with Rupali and starts living with her. Pooja, meanwhile, with the help of Prem\'s friend Lakhan  has a make-over. She becomes a modern woman who does many modeling assignments. Also, Pooja sends her mother-in-law and children to live with her husband and Rupali. They all trouble Rupali and manage to convince Prem that Rupali keeps them hungry and wants to poison and kill them. In the end, Prem realizes that Rupali only came to him since he gave her materialistic things while his wife stuck with him through thick and thin. Rupali realizes her mistake and gets back together with her ex-boyfriend, Deepak . In a twist, Lakhan makes Rupali his sister and is hugging her when his wife Lovely ([[Tabu  walks upon the scene and misunderstands them. She leaves the house crying and drives away in a car, which their son has tampered with and has disabled the brakes. Lakhan then chases after her and makes up with her. The show ends with Lakhan saying she is his "Biwi no. 1."'] ["Ram : In a gorgeous place stays a sanyasi - a religious minded young man who runs away from the wedding nupitals. Aarti : Today's Menaka. Yesterday's Menaka tried to disturb Vishwamitra's communion with god and today's Menaka Aarti tries to distract Ram's mind away from his religious thoughts. She adopts many disguises and agrees to do what one least expects a noble, attractive and good girl like her to attempt. Renuka Devi : Ram's mother. Her husband ruined his life while he was still young, because of drinking and womanising. Not wanting her son to be like his father, she has kept Ram surrounded by a religious atmosphere since his childhood. The result is that Ram grows up to be different from all other young men - a true sanyasi. Girdhari and Banwari: The robbers. They have entered Ram's house in disguise as his uncle and cousin, posing as father and son. They have taken the place of Renuka Devi's brother and his son who died in a train accident. Ram's mother embraces them as her long separated brother and nephew, but does not know that these two devils are here to swindle her belongings and happiness. Shanti Baba: A true sanyasi. Who can kill the soul that lives only to bring happiness to others? The most unforgettable screen character you will ever come across, the true sanyasi who lays down his life in order to rescue a helpless woman from the clutches of Mangal Singh. Ishwar Baba: A fraud, a blot on the very noble trible of a saffron-clad sanyasi. He is, in fact, evil dacoit Mangal Singh, a murderer, rapist and drunkard. But in day time he poses as a racluse and pretends to perform miracles to impress the unsuspecting devotees."] ["Beta is the story of Raju , the only child of a widowed multi-millionaire. Raju's father can provide him anything he wants, but Raju's only desire is to have a mother's love. To please him, his father gets married to Laxmi , thinking that she will take care of Raju. Raju becomes completely devoted to his stepmother, doing whatever she wishes. Raju's stepmother keeps Raju uneducated, under the pretext that education would get her son a job working for other people, while she wants her him to be self-employed. As he grows up, Raju's father is gradually isolated from the family and locked in a dark room of the family home, being labelled as mentally unstable. Raju, meanwhile, meets Saraswati . Raju sees her being abducted and assaulted at a fair. After he saves her, the two fall in love. Raju marries Saraswati after everyone in the village believes that she is no longer chaste. Saraswati discovers that Laxmi's motherly love for Raju is fake and all that Laxmi is interested in is capturing Raju's wealth. She is horrified to find Raju's father being treated as a mentally ill patient. Only after speaking to him does she realise that the reason for Raju's naive nature and uneducated status is because his stepmother manipulated him so that she can take advantage of him. Laxmi has another son from the father who is being educated but also seeks Raju's wealth which his mother Laxmi intends for him to inherit. And thus begins a battle within the household between daughter-in-law and mother-in-law which involves Saraswati trying to outdo Laxmi. Initially, Saraswati allows Raju's father to come out of his prison and insists that there is nothing wrong with him. She voices her concerns to Raju about his mother, resulting in Saraswati being slapped repeatedly around the courtyard of the house in front of all the family members. Saraswati is ready to leave but wisely decides to apologise to her mother-in-law, only to take an oath to protect her husband and her house from Laxmi's immoral intentions. This humiliation does not deter Saraswati who cleverly starts exposing Laxmi's every step in a dignified manner for the sake of her husband. She publically exposes the fact that Raju's younger step-brother has not received a degree in Medicine, rather that he has bought a fake one. She gives Laxmi a taste of her own medicine by causing her to slip which leads to an over-protective Raju to look after her and not allow her to do anything but lay down &mdash; scuppering any plans Laxmi intends to execute. Upon discovering that Saraswati is pregnant, Laxmi decides that enough is enough and tries to kill Saraswati by mixing poison with saffron that Laxmi will mix with her milk. However, when Saraswati discovers this, she approaches Raju and tells him the truth once again. Raju refuses to believe her, even when she takes an oath upon her unborn child's life and decides to prove Saraswati wrong by offering to drink the poisoned milk himself. Only when Raju begins to cough up blood, does he realise that Saraswati was telling the truth. He confronts his mother in his usual innocent manner and asks her why she had forsaken him; he tells her that, had she simply asked him for his wealth, he would have happily agreed to give her all he had. He tells Laxmi that his dying wish will be that he would request his mother to at least once with a clean heart to call him 'her son', so that he may die in peace. His words touch Laxmi deeply and she realises the cruelty that she has shown the only son who has ever loved her. There is a brief altercation between Laxmi and her real son who still wishes to procure Raju's wealth. Raju, in his deteriorating state still manages to save his mother from his step-brother. The film concludes with Raju recovering following treatment and agreeing to give up his worldly possessions to his mother and leaving home with his wife and father. At the last moment, Laxmi begs him not to leave, claiming to have learnt the error of her ways; she tears up the property papers and tells him that she does not want his wealth, all she wants is 'her son' and nothing more."] ["The film revolves around a father-girl-guy relationship. Sameera Dutta  is the wild daughter who comes into conflict with her father when she meets Viren . Sameera believes she has found true love, but it happens that Viren has a serious gambling problem and owes Rs. 2 million to a casino owner, Patel . Viren seeks Sameera's help and in desperation and out of resentment for her father she threatens to reveal to her mother that he has a mistress who is pregnant with his child. When her father fails to give her the money, she places a revolver to his head. Her father not only informs the police, but he also hires a hitman to kill his daughter. Meanwhile, a strike cripples the city so Sameera must make her way on foot to the drop-off location to pay off Patel and save Viren's life. After narrowly escaping both the police and her father's hired hitman, Sameera reaches the drop-off. After killing her pursuers, Patel takes the money and lets Viren go. However, Sameera accidentally overhears Viren telling how he staged the whole incident with Patel to obtain her father's money and that their relationship is a sham. After shooting and killing Viren, Sameera walks away."] ['Gopal  is a skiing champion. He meets Usha  on his holidays at Jammu and Kashmir with the fake name Sarju. Then they both fall in love. One day, Usha tells Gopal that she does not like the disabled. According to her instead of living a life of disabled, it is better to die. After spending his holidays in Kashmir and promising Usha that he will marry her, he heads back to Delhi, where his parents and a sister, Sarla, live. Along the way, he loses his a leg in a car accident. Gopal becomes worried. Since he remembers the words of Usha, he tries to avoid her to go away from her life. He thinks Usha will not accept him as he is now disabled. Then he goes back to Delhi and he does not tell anything about Usha. In the meantime, Usha tries a lot to find him, but after having no sign of him, she begins to think that Gopal is in some trouble and hence unable to contact her. Gopal\'s best friend, Ramesh , unknown about his friend\'s love story, wants to marry Usha. After saying "no" several times, at Usha\'s father accepts on her behalf and Usha dutifully agrees to the marriage as well. But on the day of her wedding, one miracle happens in the form of Kashmir Houseboat owner Mangloo  and initially Ramesh and then Usha find out that Gopal and Sarju are not two persons, but one. Then this situation forms the climax of the movie.'] ["Ritesh, a popular film star  and his wife Pooja  live a wealthy lifestyle with their seven-year-old child Romi. However, after a series of unexpected box office failures and huge losses, he is hounded by creditors and consequently, the couple sell all their personal property and belongings. Frustrated and embittered by his career dive, Ritesh becomes an alcoholic. Pooja, who takes it upon herself to look after the family, works several jobs. This leads to continuous differences between the two, and Romi, their child, becomes a silent spectator to their constant fights and disputes at home. One day, in a hotel where Pooja works as a chambermaid, she is molested by a hoodlum. A stranger called Alok  saves Pooja from him and offers her a job in his firm, much to the annoyance of Ritesh, who would prefer that she stay at home. Ritesh feels it is the last straw for him. He asks Pooja to choose between her job and her family and house. She leaves. Ritesh wins Romi's custody, but soon discovers that Romi is going to die from brain cancer. To sustain their child's happiness and to overlook his condition, Ritesh and Pooja agree to reunite and spend time together, fulfilling all his wishes before he passes away. Thrown together under the shadow of their child's upcoming death, Ritesh and Pooja, in experiencing the traumatic ordeal, rediscover themselves and each other."] ['Raj Malhotra  ([[Govinda , a detective, goes on a European trip to help his friend Sanjay Khanna  prove that his wife is having an extramarital affair. Khanna and his wife Anjali  think that their counterpart is cheating on their relationship and each of them want proof to easily file for divorce. They stop living in the same house and believe their spouse has gone to Europe with their boyfriend/girlfriend. Anjali sends her friend , who shares the same name, on this trip to get information regarding her husband. In a mix-up of different identities, Raju and Anjali fall in love and then, eventually, solve their misunderstandings. This movie is inspired by the 1948 musical romantic comedy film Romance on the High Seas.'] ["Vijay  is the illegitimate son of a construction baron Raj Kumar Gupta ([[Sanjeev Kumar  and his first love Shanti , whom he gives up to marry a wealthy heiress. Shanti comes by to wish him success on his marriage, with the news that she is carrying his child and moving away. She gives birth to son Vijay and raises him into adulthood. After she dies, Vijay comes to Delhi to take revenge by destroying his father's business and family connections. Shashi Kapoor and Poonam Dhillon play his half-siblings who are caught in the crossfire of Vijay's revenge. Vijay also crosses paths with Raakhee, the devoted secretary of Sanjeev Kumar and rival company president Hema Malini."] ["Raj Kumar is an honest, handsome and intelligent young man to boot. He works as a sole Trader therefore a painter by trade, but unable to earn a living, and unable to pay rent to his kind-hearted but talkative landlady, Mrs. D'sa. One day Raj finds a wallet containing money, and he returns it to the owner, Ramnath. Ramnath admires Raj and pleased with his honesty employs him to work in his office as a Receptionist. Raj meets with Ramnath's maidservant, Asha, and soon both fall in love. This all ends when Raj finds out that Asha is really Aarti, the daughter of his employer. He then alienates himself from his employer and his daughter, and looks after his ailing landlady by cooking and serving her daily meals. Unfortunately, she passes away suddenly. The police conduct a post-mortem, and as a result find out that Mrs. D'sa was poisoned. Raj became the prime suspect and is subsequently taken for questioning, and is arrested and held in a cell. In the trial that he faces, however, Ramnath reveals the truth and thus Raj is saved."] ["Tirupathi  is the eldest of four brothers and the head of a respected family in the village. He has struggled to bring his family out of poverty and put his other two brothers, Kannan  and Surya , through college. His younger brother Madhavan  has provided able support. Tirupathi marries Bharathi  who fits into the family admirably. But the arrival of Renuka  as Madhavan's wife signals the start of problems as she doesn't like her husband's obeisance to Tirupati. Kannan falls in love with the village rich man's daughter Viji  but is willing to give her up to save his family from the man's ire."] [" Akbar Ahmed  is a film director. Friends call him 'Akky'. After his highly successful first film, he becomes the most wanted director in the Malayalam film industry. Akky and his girl friend Devayani  along with a group of friends all share a passion for cinema. It was with them that Akbar directed and produced his first film, which went on to become a huge success. Akbar also runs a cafe called Casablanca named after the classic Hollywood film. For Akbar cinema is not a job, it is his passion. Akbar decides to choose a very different kind of story for his second film and he sets on a journey in search of it. Akbar decides to base his second film on the life of yesteryear actress Malavika , who was once a very popular actress and whose present whereabouts are unknown. Akbar and his friends go tracking Malavika’s biography. Her husband was Ajaya Chandran . Currently Ajayachandran is the reigning super star of the industry. Akbar starts his search from the late film director Aby Kuruvila’s  house. Kuruvila’s son gives his father’s old letters and diaries to Akbar from which he starts learning about the whirlwind romance of Malavika and Ajayachandran which led to marriage. How differences between them led to a breakup and how this affected their careers along with Akbar's efforts to find Malavika form the major plot of the film. The film ends in a touching yet marvelous climax with a poetic narration."] ["Kusum   is a spunky and carefree schoolgirl who lives with her father , brother and sister-in-law . Guddi has a crush on film star Dharmendra, who plays himself. Nobody knows the extent of her crush until she visits Bombay, where her sister-in-law's brother, Navin , develops a crush on her. Guddi discloses to Navin that she is in love with Dharmendra. In an attempt to win Guddi's heart, Navin discusses the matter with his uncle , who just happens to know Dharmendra. With Dharmendra's help, they try to show Guddi the difference between the real world and the reel world. Guddi changes and accepts that nothing is true in the reel world. The film ends with Guddi agreeing to marry Navin."] ['Judge Raghunath is a wealthy district judge who convicts Jagga, a man whose father was a criminal, of rape on little evidence. The judge believes that "good people are born to good people, and criminals are born to criminals." Jagga later escapes and kidnaps the judge\'s wife Leela for revenge. When he finds out that she has just become pregnant, he releases her after four days and plans a different kind of revenge. The judge becomes suspicious that Leela was unfaithful to him with Jagga, and throws her out of the house. She has a son, Raj, and they live in poverty as a result of being estranged from the father. As a child, Raj befriends Rita in school, but he is removed from the school rolls while trying to maintain a job, and Rita moves to another city. Even though they are separated, Rita remains in Raj\'s thoughts. On the streets, Raj turns to a life of petty crime and finds a father-figure in Jagga, who helps him to become a talented criminal. While planning a bank robbery with his friends, Raj realizes they need an automobile. He snatches a woman\'s purse after she steps out of the car, but finds no keys, and pretends to pursue the thief to release suspicion from himself. After his elaborate act, he returns the purse to the woman, who is soon revealed to be Rita. Rita is now the warden of the Judge, who suspects that Raj is no good and eventually restricts Rita from seeing him. Raj and Rita, who is becoming a lawyer, eventually realize that they are the same childhood friends, and they fall in love. Raj tries to quit his life of crime, but his employees fire him when they find out that he was a thief. Becoming desperate he goes back to Jagga for a money loan, but Jagga wants him to commit more crimes. Raj refuses, but steals a necklace from a man he meets on the street, not knowing it was the judge. When he gives the necklace to Rita for her birthday, she discover that he is indeed a thief. Rita goes to Raj\'s mother and finds out the whole truth about his life. When Raj realizes that Jagga is responsible for his mother\'s misery, he kills Jagga in a fit of rage. At his trial the judge in the case is Raghunath. Rita persuades him that Raj acted in self defense. However, when Raj learns that the judge is his father, he escapes and attempts to kill him. Due to these actions, Raj is brought to another court, and is defended by Rita. In the end, Raj is sentenced to 3 years in prison for his crime, but Rita promises to wait for him.'] ["The film is about Rahul , a middle class man, reveling in a job with extra earnings made by helping his boss deal with his multiple extra-marital affairs. His boss, Siddharth , is a lustful person who has deviously trapped a rich woman  and married her to own her huge property. Seema  is an ambitious young woman and an aspiring model. Rahul and Seema meet but Siddharth, too, falls for her and asks Rahul to help him trap her. A helpless Rahul does so. But deep somewhere, Rahul has a soft corner for Seema. Seema is impressed by Siddharth and is forced by him to act as Rahul's wife to fool Siddharth's wife. But Seema slowly understands Rahul's purity of heart and begins liking him when they go abroad for a shooting schedule. But they face a problem. Rahul's mother  is a heart patient and is sensitive to any shocking news. Bhushan  uses Rahul and tells his mother that Rahul is married. To keep his mother happy, Rahul and Seema are forced to carry the drama and they fall in love during the process. When Siddharth learns the reality, he fires Rahul. True love triumphs as Seema decides to let a luxurious life go for true love."] ['Mumbai-based college teacher Amar Verma  lives with his wife, Shobha , and 6 year old son, Kunal. When a war breaks out between ganglords Veljibhai  and Chhapan Tikli  alias Jimmy, a number of innocent bystanders fall victim, one of whom is Kunal. This devastates the Verma family. Shobha walks out on Amar, who then devotes his life to his students. Many years later, when he finds out that a student, Pooja , has a problem of stammering, he decides to help her. He finds out that she is the only child of gangster Veljibhai. Amar meets with Veljibhai, discusses the gang-war scenario, then meets with Chhapan Tikli and does the same. Amar gets the gangsters to agree on a truce so that he can take Pooja and the rest of the students on a field trip to Bangalore. Amar will soon find out that neither Veljibhai nor Chhapan Tikli has any intention of keeping any truce. As the two dons engage in a fight to the finish, it seems that Amar may well have jeopardized his own life as well as the lives of Pooja and the other students. An additional complication arises with Pooja falling in love with her classmate Karan  and wishing to marry him against the wishes of her father.'] ["Set in a Mumbai ghetto in the mid '80's and based on true life accounts, Striker is a story of triumph of human spirit over indomitable odds. Born into a poor family, Surya grows up with few luxuries. Poor health keeps him away from school often and that is when his elder brother, Chandrakant, introduces him to carrom. Winning the Junior Carrom Championship at 12 is not enough to keep Surya's fire for the sport burning through adolescence. Hopes for a job in Dubai replace the passion for carrom as Surya grows into a young man. Duped by a bogus overseas employment agency, Surya loses all his hard earned money he had saved for going to Dubai. Surya is forced to cross paths with Jaleel. Since the 70's when the settlements in the ghetto began, Jaleel had acquired a strong hold in the area. He had his hands in every illicit activity since then. Feeding on the weaknesses of people, Jaleel was the self-proclaimed king of Malwani. Reintroduced to carrom by his childhood friend Zaid, this time to the carrom hustling scene, Surya starts playing again. Being gypped of his hard earned money by the same man who had caused misery for many families; Surya decides to take on Jaleel on his turf. His patience and cool attitude are Surya's biggest strengths. But life has its own ways of testing it."] ["Raja Aur Runk is the story of a prince and a pauper. Two children, born on the same day at the same time - one to the king, Raja Sahib and one to the poor man Hariya . The king is thrilled at the birth of Yuvraj, the heir to the throne while Hariya is cynical about the birth of his son, Raja. Both the children grow up looking identical, but there is a constant contrast in their lives and upbringing. One day, Raja runs away from home and somehow ends up in the palace, where he meets Yuvraj. Both the boys discover how different their lives are. Being tempted to see the world outside, Yuvraj changes identities with Raja and leaves the palace. Both boys now struggle in vain to adjust to their new identity. Raja's mother  and sister Sujjo  both are miserable with his changed behavior and the King is also very distressed about Yuvraj. Sudhir  comes in as a pivotal player in this saga of gripping twists and turns. This Prasad Productions' costume drama has effective performances by Sanjeev Kumar, Nazima and child artiste Mahesh Kothare. The hit team of Anand Bakshi and Laxmikant Pyarelal created melodious songs like 'Tu Kitni Achchi Hai…O Maa', 'O Phirkiwali', 'Mera Naam Hai Chameli' and 'Sang Basanti Ang Basanti'."] ["Kashi, a wrestler and dutiful son, comes to Mumbai from Banaras with his father for medical treatment of his father. Back in his hometown he is known to be a kind-hearted fellow. However due to the unavailability of medicines he is forced to come with his father to Mumbai. Here he stays with his brother and he learns that the colony is being terrorized by a tyrannical gangster, Katya. A cruel, tyrannical gangster, Katya , has taken control of a small Indian village, ruling with an iron fist. A resident named Sachdev  secretly organizes a rebellion, but when Katya learns of his plans, the rabble-rouser is violently put to death for all to see. Hope for the villagers seems lost, until Shambu Nath  comes to town seeking medical attention. He is accompanied by his son, Kashi , who takes it upon himself to end the oppression he witnesses. Vowing to avenge the villagers and free them from the chains of abuse, Kashi is unaware of the danger in which he is putting innocent people, including his ailing father, his foster brother , and Shiva's wife and children."] ['Kundavi  was brought up in a small village called Ambasamudram. She, along with her two friends, decide to have a love marriage. However she is not so successful. Her father arranges her marriage to Gautham  against his wishes. Both look gloomy during the wedding due to obvious reasons. Six years later in Mumbai they have a 5-year-old daughter Aishu  and live as a happily married couple. Gautham works as the chief mechanic at an automobile company and goes to New York for a short period. During this time, Kundavi comes across Gautham\'s old college diary. Gautham wanted to be an engineer from a young age and forced his father\'s brother to pay for a seat in Coimbatore for Mechanical Engineering. From the second year of college he is the don. In college, he is attracted to Aishu , whose father is a Coimbatore MP. Gautham and Aishu fall in love and decide to get married. At the registrar\'s office after Gautham ties the knot, Aishu\'s father and his men beat him up, separating the lovers and sending Aishu off to Australia. At the end of the diary, Gautham writes a note: "if I have one wish, it would be to live with Aishu happily at least for one day." Gautham returns from New York and finds his wife changed. She works late and avoids him. She finds Gautham\'s lost love Aishu, who had just returned from Australia. Aishu has become a modern girl in contrast to the demure salwar kameez girl she was in college. Kundavi asks Aishu to visit them and she tells her husband that he should live happily with Aishu for a day and that for that one day, she and their daughter do not exist for him, and leaves Gautham with Aishwarya. That day Gautham spends with Aishwarya, Kundavi imagines them to have a good time and eventually fall in love with each other all over again. When she gets back home, dreading, she finds her husband alone at home. She asks about his day with Aishwarya, and he gives her a letter written to Kundavi from Aishwarya. In it, Aishwarya says that within five minutes of speaking to her, Gautham mentioned \'Kundavi\' so many times that she realised that he loved his wife very much and is leading a very happy life. She wishes the couple a happy life and leaves, never to return.'] ["Set in 1947 during the Partition of India, the film tells the story of a truck driver, Tara Singh , a Jatt Sikh, who falls in love with a Muslim girl, Sakina , belonging to an aristocratic family. The story begins with Sikhs and Hindus being attacked by Muslims in Pakistan when trying to migrate to India on a train in response to the killing of Muslims going to Pakistan from India. To get revenge, Sikhs and Hindus react by doing the same thing. During the Hindu-Muslim riots that erupted soon after the Partition, Tara saves Sakina from a murderous mob chasing her as she failed to get onto the train after being pushed and lost in the crowd. As the mob want to rape her and then murder her, Tara Singh defends Sakina and disguises her as a Sikh to protect her. While driving back to Tara's house, the story has a major flashback showing the relationship between Tara and Sakina before this incident and how they knew each other. Tara is a lorry driver, but his real ambition is to become a singer. Some girls in college who are friends of Sakina fool Tara into thinking that they have got him a spot on an annual music show in return for him doing a favor for them. Tara performs badly in from of the music teacher, who is portrayed by Sakina . His friend then gives him tablets that help him prove his singing skills. Soon after it is shown that Sakina is not the real music teacher, which saddens him. When performing on the music show Sakina announces that she will not do her act, instead giving Tara a chance to sing despite being against the will of the seniors at the college. Subsequently and back at the present, Sakina starts living in Tara’s house and their respect culminates into love. Sakina and Tara Singh get married and become parents of a baby boy. Their life seems like a bed of roses, until Sakina sees an old newspaper that has a photograph of her father , whom she believes had been killed during the riots during the Partition. Her father is now the mayor of Lahore. When Sakina calls him from the Pakistani Embassy in Delhi, he arranges to fly her to Lahore. However, Tara and their son, who are supposed to accompany her to Lahore, are told at the last minute that their visa formalities have not been completed, which compels them to stay in India. This does not stop Tara. He and his son accompanied by a friend enter Pakistan illegally at the border. There they find out that Sakina is getting married and reach her before the marriage can start and reunite. Seeing this, Sakina's husband-to-be attacks Tara but is instead injured by him. A large fight was about to break out until the priest stops them, as this can end up harming Sakina's father's career in politics. Ashraf Ali  agrees for their marriage under two conditions: they should live in Pakistan and Tara should adopt Islam. These conditions are accepted by Tara in public the next day which was against Ashraf Ali's plans. He makes Tara insult his country to make him believe he is a true Pakistani, which enrages him and this makes him kill the mob that was hired by Ashraf to kill him. Tara, Sakina, their son, and a friend manage to escape. After a long period of turmoil they catch a cotton mill train which will be their ticket to India, but Ashraf Ali finds out and he takes some men to stop them. In the ensuing fight Sakina gets shot by her own father. In the hospital Sakina has lapsed into a coma which makes Ashraf Ali realize his mistake. Sakina gains consciousness after having a nightmare. The movie ends with Ashraf Ali accepting Tara as his son-in-law and they return to India."] ['Sonia and Naina Sehgal  are twins. The two are completely different from each other, Sonia being the outgoing twin and Naina being the shy one. Meanwhile, the police are hunting for a cold-blooded, sadistic killer and rapist, Gokul Pandit . However tragedy strikes when Gokul rapes and brutally kills Sonia. Naina is distraught and vows to hunt down Gokul. Gokul soon goes after Naina and she realizes she needs help to overcome her fear of Gokul. With revenge in her mind she meets Suraj Singh Rathod , a blind military veteran and he helps her physically and mentally to defeat her fear of Gokul. While Suraj trains Naina they develop feelings for each other. After an argument, Suraj refuses to meet Naina and she decides to go after Gokul all by herself. Naina lays a trap for Gokul and tries to kill him. But Gokul ties Naina up and tries to rape her when Suraj comes to her house and tries to fight Gokul. But Suraj fails and is stabbed by Gokul. Frustrated Naina goes after Gokul and shoots him dead. Suraj recovers from his injuries and decides to go away from Naina, but she realizes that she loves him and cannot live without Suraj. The film ends on a good note as Suraj and Naina get together and move on with their lives.'] ["Sridhar  has been trying to become a music director for eight years. In spite of having earned an M.A., his only dream is to become a music director . His family, consisting of his father , his brother Shiva , his sister-in-law Shantha  and his sister , is fully supportive of him. He runs into Viji  and their friendship soon blossoms into love. She helps him get a foot in the door in the industry but bad luck spoils his chances. When Viji's sister's marriage is finalised suddenly, Viji's father  asks her to get married too. But he is understandably worried when he learns that Sridhar is unemployed and following a dream that has not been realised for 8 years.Her father even offers a job to him also. But he refuses to do that since his primary goal is to become music director. The matters ends there when her father arranges marriage with some other. He fails in love. Back in Sridhar's home, Shiva suffers a heart attack. To support his family he takes up a job. But he continues with hope that in future his dream may come true. The film initially ended with Sridhar's hope lost and his future looking bleak but the climax was changed after release to a short clip is shown of a few years later of Sridhar living his dream, implying that it finally came true."] ["The story focuses on Aman Sharma a.k.a. Banku , who has recently shifted into an old bungalow in Goa, with his parents, Aditya  and Anjali . His father Aditya is an engineer on a cruise line, and therefore moves with his cruise. They are made aware that the bungalow is haunted, but they disregard this. Banku is enrolled in St. Francis High School, and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief, Anthony , as a servant to clean the house. Soon one night Banku goes down to the living room to have some ice-cream when he sees a shadow on the wall. Frightened, he calls out to his mom and then sees that the bowl in which he was having ice-cream has vanished. Later he goes down again past a sleeping Anjali to investigate. It is then that he sees the ghost of Kailash Nath  and then they start arguing on whether Mr. Nath is a ghost or an angel. Banku nicknames him Bhootnath as Mr. Nath says that he is a bhoot and also says that he is Nath. Since the ghost of Kailash Nath does not want anybody to occupy his house, he tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother, but Banku considers him as angel and treats him like a friend. Soon, Mr. Nath is overpowered by Banku's innocent love, especially after a minor incident of Banku's fall from the stairs for which Mr. Nath is in fact responsible. The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company of one another. It is at this point that Mr. Nath's son returns from the US and plans to sell off this bungalow. Angered, Mr. Nath scares the buyers but Anjali comes to know the existence of him. He then tells his story to Banku and Anjali how his son deserted him at the time of need and left for the US. Later, Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites of Mr. Nath to give him Moksha. It is performed by Banku and Mr.Nath bids an emotional farewell to Banku. By this time, Mr.Nath's son also comes to know his fault and apologizes. In the end, Banku is sad that Bhoothnath is no more. However, bhoothnath returns and says that he is always there for him."] ["Yash  and Raj  are small-time crooks and childhood buddies. Raj wants to lead an honest life, but Yash always manages to do something that jeopardizes Raj's chances of turning over a new leaf. When Yash robs the First Village Bank, the innocent bank manager, Zandulal , gets blamed, just because he had sheltered Yash and Raj under his roof. Zandulal finds out that the two crooks fled to Durban and begs the bank chairman for time to look for the two and prove his innocence. In Durban, diamonds worth millions have been stolen from the International Diamond Centre by an underworld gang led by Marcos . Senior Inspector Arjun Singh  is determined to catch Marcos and his gang. Arjun is married to Kajal , the daughter of the commissioner of the police . Kajal has a split personality - she's a loving wife and mother, who for 10 minutes everyday, transforms into a terrifying troublemaker, intent on murdering her husband. Yash and Raj try to avoid Zandulal, who does not realize that they are his neighbors. Raj falls in love with Sanjana , Kajal's younger sister. He pretends to be arrogant, wanting her to think that lots of girls are crazy for him. After he confesses however, they plan on getting married. At the engagement, Zandulal encounters Yash and Raj, threatening to expose them unless they return the money they stole from his bank. Cornered, Raj and Yash agree to commit one last robbery. They rob a minister's house, minutes before Marcos arrives. The minister is tortured and killed, because Marcos cannot find the stolen diamonds. During Sanjana's marriage with Raj, Arjun, along with Kajal's father, arrest Yash, Raj and Zandulal for robbing the minister's house. They are sent to prison but Raj bribes a film director to help him escape. Marcos confronts Raj and Yash about the diamonds. He attempts to intimidate them by tying them to a train track in which a train is rushing full-speed, but this fails because the train rushes at him and his gang instead of Yash and Raj. Because of the cancellation of Sanjana's marriage, Kajal's fits become worse. She uses guns and knives on Arjun to kill him. Kajal's father tries to get them to divorce, but to no avail. Yash kidnaps Sanjana, and along with Raj, wins approval from Kajal to help them against Marcos. They also kidnap one of Marcos' associates, Sofia. To intimidate Marcos further, they dress up for a festival and run away with the diamonds. The diamonds eventually get thrown into a fishtank, and the fish eat them all up. After a hilarious climax, Sofia disappears, never to be seen again. Arjun is relocated to another town to start police-training from scratch. Marcos and his associates are all arrested, and sentenced to 40 years in prison for their crimes. Yash and Raj start a fishing business to recover their lost diamonds."] ['Yashvardhan "Yash" Raichand  is a rich businessman, living in New Delhi with his wife Nandini  and his two sons, Rahul and Rohan. The elder son, Rahul is adopted whilst Rohan is their biological son. As a result, Rahul feels indebted to his parents when he finds out  about his adoption. As an adult, Rahul  falls in love with Anjali Sharma , a girl belonging to a lower social standing than him, against the wishes of Yash, who wants him to marry Naina Kapoor . Rahul, however, rebels and marries Anjali, following which Yash disowns Rahul as his son. Disheartened, Rahul leaves for London with his wife. Nandini sends Sayeeda , Rahul and Rohan\'s nanny, after Rahul to take care of him. Meanwhile, Rohan is sent to a boarding school, as per family tradition. Ten years later, a grown-up Rohan  finds out the truth about Rahul\'s disappearance. He asks his parents to let him go to London to attend graduate school; but he does so in order to conspire with Anjali\'s sister, Pooja "Poo" Sharma  to bring his brother back home. Poo informs Rahul that Rohan is her friend\'s cousin who has shifted from India to London to pursue his studies and needs a place to stay. Rahul reluctantly agrees to let him live with them. When Rahul eventually finds out about Rohan\'s identity, Rohan begs of him to return home. Rahul refuses, as he believes that Yash does not love him. Poo, however, believes that Rahul will go back home, so she encourages Rohan to invite his parents over to London and arrange for them to meet Rahul. Once in London, Nandini and Rahul share a happy reunion. But Rahul refuses to talk to his father. Meanwhile, Yash finds out about the conspiracy and is furious with Rohan. He and Nandini, however, return to India due to the sudden death of his mother . Rahul, who also joins Yash and Rohan during the funeral service, agrees to return home for one visit to meet his mother, on the insistence of Rohan and Poo. Once there, Yash expresses his guilt for disowning his elder son, and adds that Rahul was foolish enough for believing that his father did not love him. The film ends with an elaborate wedding ceremony of Rohan and Poo, in which the entire family participates.'] ["The story starts in the city of Mumbai where a motorcycle gang starts breaking into banks and other public places and vanishing on the Western Express Highway. ACP Jai Dixit  a no-nonsense cop, is called inside the case. He is married to Sweety . Jai seeks the help of a thief named Ali  and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails. Kabir ([[John Abraham , the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit by saying that he couldn't catch him even if he were right in front of him. He is proved correct and the failure of Dixit seemingly leads to the break-up of his partnership with Ali. Kabir then lures Ali into his gang to take place of Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Jai. Ali falls in love with Sheena , another gang member. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before becoming disbanded forever. Kabir now sets his eyes on the biggest casino in all of India. Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but soon they realize that Jai has led them right into a trap. Ali was working for Jai the whole time and a fight ensues. Kabir manages to escape from Jai, and goes back to the gang's truck where Ali has tied up Sheena. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal, but Ali is saved by the timely arrival of Jai at the scene. The gang minus Sheena flees, while Jai and Ali give chase. All the gang members sans Kabir are killed by Jai and Ali. Kabir tries to escape on his bike. He is then cornered by Jai and Ali with nowhere to go. So Kabir decides to commit suicide rather than let Jai arrest him, and rides his bike over the edge of a cliff and into the water. The movie ends with Jai and Ali bickering as usual. It is hinted at the end that Sheena will be arrested."] ["Devdas  falls in love with Parvati  with whom he has played since childhood and who is the daughter of a poor neighboring family. Devdas goes away to Calcutta for University studies. Meanwhile, Parvati's father arranges her marriage to a much older man. Though she loves Devdas, she obeys her father to suffer in silence like a dutiful Hindi wife. Devdas as a result takes to drink. Chandramukhi , a dancing girl or 'prostitute' he has befriended in Calcutta, falls for him and gives up her profession to try to save him. Parvati, hearing of his decline, comes to see him to steer him away from a life of drinking. Devdas sends her back saying in his hour of final need he will come to her. She returns to her life of duty. Realising his end is near, Devdas decides to keep his promise and meet Parvati. He journeys all night, reaches her house and is found dead outside the high walls of her house. Inside Parvati hears that Devdas is dead."] ["Jeena Sirf Merre Liye is about childhood friends Karan  and Pinky  . Pinky and her father come to a hill station every year during Pinky's school break. Pinky looks forward to coming here for one reason: Karan. They get separated after Puja's father , a tycoon, goes back to the city. Karan get adopted by a man also from the city. Puja's father sends her to his brother's house out of the country. Time passes and the two live with each others memories. They try to find each other but are unable to.http://movies.fullhyderabad.com/jeena-sirf-mere-liye/hindi/jeena-sirf-mere-liye-movie-reviews-600-2.html. Puja hears her watch  in many places but is unable to realize that Karan is the one. She writes out her childhood story to find Karan and comes across Seema . Seema has come across Karan and believes him to be her boyfriend. Puja later realizes that Karan is her childhood love, as does Seema. Seema goes to tell Karan. As he's going to find Puja he gets a call from his dad that his sister's wedding has been canceled. The reason was Puja's father; he didn't approve of Puja and Karan. Puja finds out about this and marries Karan in front of her father. He shoots Karan who survives. In the end they live happily ever after.http://www.planetbollywood.com/music/JeenaSirfMerreLiye/index.php."] ["{{plot}} An auto driver, sees Mattu Bhai  murder a journalist. The auto driver manages to capture Mattu Bhai & his henchman, and hold them until the Police arrive. Afterwards, the auto driver returns home to his wife and son, Charan. Unfortunately, Mattu Bhai & his henchmen break into their house that night. The auto driver is killed and his wife is severely injured. Charan survives uninjured. Charan's mother is in a critical condition but he & his uncle don't have enough money to pay for her operation. The local mafia leader's son has committed murder and offers Charan a deal. In order to pay for his mother's surgery, Charan has to go to prison the crime. Twelve years later, Charan Ram Charan Teja is released from prison. When he meets his uncle again, he finds out that his mother has died. Charan also falls in love with Sanjana . Sanjana lives with her father . Officer Ajay  helps Charan get a passport. Charan plans to go to Bangkok to join a travel agency recommended by his uncle. Sanjana and her friends arrive in Bangkok as tourists. Charan is one of the tour guides. Charan seems to be irritable around Sanjana. Biku & his henchmen are bothering Sanjana. Charan saves Sanjana by attacking Biku and his henchmen. Few days later, Biku & his henchmen see Sanjana again. Charan has to fight Biku & his henchmen again. Charan & Sanjana use a water bike to escape. They get stuck in middle of the sea when their water bike runs out of gas. When Sanjana wakes up, Sanjana sees an island that is little far away. Charan & Sanjana have to swim to the island. Charan tells Sanjana that he loves her. Sanjana's father & the other people believe that Sanjana's is kidnapped by Charan as they find out Charan was in prison for 12 years. He arranges helicopters to search for Sanjana. Charan sees one helicopter in the sky, but Sanjana doesn't want anyone to find them. Sanjana tells Charan that she loves him too and her father would never let her marry Charan. Charan loves Sanjana, but Charan didn't expect Sanjana to fall in love with him. He reveals that he came to Bangkok to kill Mattu Bhai. Charan found out that Mattu Bhai's a notorious international criminal with network in Hong Kong, Bangkok, and other places has shifted base to Bangkok. Charan tells Sanjana that Bikku's none other than Mattu Bhai's son. In Bangkok, Charan tried to kill Mattu Bhai at bar, but Mattu Bhai escaped & Mattu Bhai stopped coming to Bangkok. By the time Charan finishes telling his foiled plot to kill Mattu Bhai, a lot of guys in black robes and black suits come and then a fight starts. Just then the Sanjana's father comes in a helicopter. Seeing her dad she runs to him and tells him not to hit Charan as he did not kidnap her but saved her. At first the heroine's father tells to leave him, and the goons leave him, but when the Shanjana tells him that she wants him and loves him, her father tells the goons to kill him. The goons hit the Charan on the head and he falls down and they go away. Then a member of the company for which Charan works searching for him on a boat finds him and takes him back. A hot argument takes place between the Sanjana and her father and she runs away to Charan. Then Sanjana's father calls the Charan and tells him that his mother is still alive. His uncle lied to Charan that his mother died. Sanjana's father will trade Charan's mother for Sanjana. Charan takes Sanjana to a building where he tells her that he is going to trade her for his mother. He tells her that she has her father, but his mother has no one except him. Sanjana's father comes and takes her and gives Charan his mother back who was grateful to him. Meanwhile Mattu Bhai sees the pictures of Charan and Sanjana on television, which was the effort of the Sanjana's father to find her, and recognizes Charan as the person who tried to kill him. He tells Biku to kidnap Sanjana and Biku does the same when the exchange of Sanjana and Charan's mother goes. In the process gunfire takes place where all the men of the Sanjana's father get shot. Charan also retaliates with a gun and kills some of Biku's men, but Biku gets away with Sanjana. Sanjana's father gets shot in the leg, and in emotion tells Charan, he saw how much he loves his mother and screams, someone is taking away your wife, go and get her. Leaving Sanjana's father in the care of his mother, Charan runs after Biku's car, but fails to get him. One of Biku's men get to him and give him a phone, where he talks with Mattu Bhai. The goon takes Charan with hands tied to an island where Mattu and Biku are there. Matuu Bhai without killing him and Sanjana as suggested by his son Biku, lets them away saying he would hunt them. But Charan kills all the men of Mattu and finally kills Mattu's son. And using his body Charan lures Mattu into his trap. Then he kills Mattu Bhai, in the same way he killed his father. This is when Mattu Bhai recognizes who Charan is."] ['Dr. Anand is a respected young doctor in a hospital. He has been suffering in his personal life ever since his girlfriend Seema died. On a dark stormy night, Anand is on his way back home when he meets a white sari clad girl in distress. He offers assistance to her, giving her a lift in his car. She accepts his assistance and introduces herself as Sandhya. As soon as she steps in the car, the wipers eerily stop working. He\'s even more spooked when the lady shows him the way when it isn\'t visible and guides him outside a cemetery. En-route he notices her hand is bleeding, when asked, she tells him Mujhe khoon achcha lagtaa hai . Sandhya disappears inexplicably and after few minutes, a distraught father stops his car begging him to save his daughter\'s life. He follows the man and comes to an old dilapidated mansion, but unfortunately the girl in question is already dead. He is surprised to see that the girl is Sandhya. When he goes back, he encounters some policemen who tell him that the place is deserted for a while and that rumours are that the place is haunted. The policemen inform him that what he saw in the mansion was exactly what happened years ago and that the haunting started after her death. Shaken and intrigued by this incident, Anand decides to investigate further. He finds that Sandhya is as interested in him as he is in her: Sandhya can appear to him at will. Later his mother arranges his marriage and to his shock his bride-to-be is none other than Sandhya. He begins to see Sandhya everywhere, while others claim that she was with them the whole time. Sandhya gives him contradictory treatment every time they meet, and Anand decides to solve this mystery. Though his well wishers believe that something is wrong with him, luck smiles on him one day. Anand manages to follow Sandhya undetected into a secret lair. There, he is shocked to see Sandhya, the "distraught father" and the "policemen" he encountered earlier in the film. He realizes that the conspiracy is larger than he thought. He sneaks into another room, only to get another surprise: Sandhya is kept prisoner there. He is also surprised to see Ramesh there with the fraudsters. He realizes that Ramesh is trying to usurp all the estate by proving him to be mentally unstable. He confronts all of them, which results in a fight. Anand is also shocked to learn that Ramesh killed Seema for his purposes. Ramesh did all this planning for other purpose too: a treasure is hidden somewhere in the mansion. In a scuffle that follows, Ramesh accidentally guns down fake Sandhya. The real Sandhya explains that she had a twin sister who went missing as a child. She grew up to be an evil conwoman whom Ramesh used for his purposes. Based on the facts, Ramesh is arrested. With the episode behind them, Anand and Sandhya are able to start their marital relationship on a good note.'] ['Bolo Raam follows the story of Raam , an angry young man who is obsessed with his mother . Raam is accused of the murder of his mother, leading to an investigation during which Raam chooses to remain silent. Through a series of flashbacks, the true murderer is revealed.'] ['When Sonam  runs over a man Prakash  on her way home from a party one night she tries to dispose of him so no one will find out. She enlists the help of her drug dealer boyfriend Sid .'] ["Tiger  works for the local Don Bhaktawar  but never hesitates to revolt against him if he harms his friends or family. When his girlfriend Jumma 's brother Gonsalves  is killed by Bhakhtawar for revolting against him, Tiger promises revenge. However Tiger's father Pratap  intervenes and is killed accidentally. When corrupt police officer Girdhar  finds out that Tiger is on the hunt for Bhakhtawar, he kills Bhakhtawar's family and frames Tiger. Bhakhtawar is arrested soon after learning of his family's death for countless murders and promises to avenge his family's death by killing Tiger when he returns. Tiger is forced to go on the run with his two step-brothers. Jumma decides to stay behind so that Tiger can fully concentrate on looking after his brothers. Many years later, he is now known as Shekhar and is living a happy life with his two grown-up brothers Kumar  and Vijay  as well as Kumar's wife Aarti  and a daughter, Jyoti. During this time, Bhakhtawar is released from jail and is on the hunt for Tiger/Shekhar, still under the assumption that Tiger was the one who murdered his entire family. He returns to his area, where he finds many of his henchmen awaiting his return; there he learns that Girdhar has become a rich businessman , and that Tiger was supposedly dead. He doesn't believe this, and attempts to hunt down Tiger. Girdhar, meanwhile, is attempting to sell faulty tanks to the Indian Army with the help of some corrupt officers, but his plan is foiled by the General . Girdhar arranges for the kidnapping of the General, and replaces him with a look-alike actor. Vijay is in love with the General's daughter Neeta , and originally the real General did not approve of their love, but the replacement agrees to their love. Bhaktawar eventually discovers that Tiger is alive and living under the name Shekhar, and manages to kidnap Aarti and Jyoti when they visit Aarti's mother. Shekhar gets wind of this news and goes to Bangalore with Vijay and Kumar to find out what happened. Someone insults Aarti at the bus stop, and Shekhar beats him up as if he were Tiger, which worries Kumar and Vijay. Kumar investigates the kidnapping at a local police station and learns that Shekhar isn't who he says he is, and confronts him. Shekhar tells him and Vijay everything about their past, and they all go to confront Bhaktawar. Also, Shekhar learns that Jumma has become a famous actress and is shooting in Bangalore as well. The climax follows, as all the characters learn of everything that has happened and confront each other."] ['The film tells the story of Chandrama Singh , who was raised by Baba , a Naxal leader based in the southern interiors of Bihar, after his family was brutally murdered. He later gets picked up under a covert Governmental program jointly conceived by RAW and Intelligence Bureau to carry out political assassinations. He falls in love with Shubhi , a kindergarten teacher, and decides to lead a reformed life but a chanced encounter entangles him in the world of crime once again.{{cite web}} {{cite web}}'] ["The film is entirely based on the Iranian film: Children of Heaven. Khogiram , his wife  and their children Pinu  and Rimzim  belong to a terrorist dominated region. Khogiram and Ritu have a hand-to-mouth income working for a tea plantation and can barely manage things. The kids are affected by this as well. They go to a respectable school as it is Khogiram's ambition to give them the educational opportunities he missed. But the financial crunch makes it difficult for kids to match the standards of the school. They don't have enough money for uniform or shoes. Things become worse when Pinu misplaces Rimzim's only pair of shoes in the vegetable shop. Pinu tells Rimzim about the shoes and begs her not to tell their mother; she agrees. Rimzim can't go to school without her shoes. They work out a scheme where both of them share the same shoes. Rimzim will wear them to school in the morning and hand them off to Pinu at midday so he can attend afternoon classes. However, Pinu always gets into trouble at school waiting for Rimzim to give him the shoes. Meanwhile, Pinu's father, desperate for money, borrows some gardening equipment and heads off with Pinu to the rich suburbs of the town to find some gardening work. They try many mansions until a mansion belonging to a 6-year old girl and her grandmother agree. While Pinu plays with the 6-year old girl, his father works. They make a lot of money and decide to work at the mansion. One day rimzim see a girl wearing her lost shoes at her school and she follow the girl . She takes pinu to their house to show the place and they find out that family is more poor than them. One day Rimzim is attracted to a new shiny pair of shoes that the same poor girl is wearing. She asks her about what she did with her previous pair of shoes and when she learns that the girl had thrown away her old pair of shoes, she is greatly disappointed. Meanwhile, Pinu comes to know of the Interschool Marathon where one of the prizes is a pair of shoes. Pinu enters the marathon race in the hope of receiving the third prize of a new pair of sneakers , which he could exchange for girl sneakers and give to Rimzim. He accidentally wins the race and is placed first. He is shocked and cries on the podium as he watches in despair at the new pair of sneakers being awarded to the third placed runner. The film ends with Rimzim finding out that she will not get a new pair of shoes, but there is a quick shot of their father's bicycle at the end of the movie that shows what appears to be red shoes with red trimming for Rimzim and another pair of white basketball shoes, presumably for Pinu, whose old shoes were torn from so much use."] ["Mr. Choudhary does not approve of his son, Arun , indulging in singing songs and music, instead wanting him to be a businessman like himself. Out of fear of his father finding out about his continued indulgence, Arun changes his name to Sanjay Kumar. His close friend Shrikanth Mathur  writes songs for him. Shrikanth lives with his widowed mother, and Arun supports them financially from time to time, apart from the money that Shrikanth earns for composing the songs for Arun. His declining health due to uninterrupted coughing is also of deep concern for his mother and friend. Arun soon becomes a popular singer, and he is hired by the local radio station to sing songs. With his increasing popularity, the risk of his father discovering the truth has also increased, and so Arun must struggle to keep his singing career a secret. Very soon Arun's father learns of his singing and asks him to leave the house. Arun moves to Bengal and meets a girl who is also his fan and recognizes him by the name he uses on the radio, he starts working as her driver, later he falls in love with her. She lives with her grandfather, Mr. Mathur who is a businessman, but grieve stricken because of losing his son in the freedom struggle and upset because he has no knowledge of the wareabouts of his widowed daughter in law and his grandchild. Later on, it is discovered that Shrikanth is Suffering from TB. Towards the end of the movie, Arun reconciles with his father, and that Shrikanth is the grandson of Mr. Mathur. In the end everyone is shown as a one big family with Shrikanth being recovered from his disease."] ["Raja  has a temper problem, Gangadhar  has an obsession of freedom, Dr. Mukherjee , is a clean freak and Dabboo , has not spoken in years. Dr. Sonali  is treating all four of them. While Raja is diagnosed with Intermittent Explosive Disorder due to his sudden anger at the slightest provocation, schizophrenic Gangadhar is living in the past where he shares friendships with Jawaharlal Nehru, Mahatma Gandhi, Lokamanya Tilak and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. He seems busy in fighting for the country's freedom, which was achieved long back. Dr. Mukherjee is a perfect doctor and always keeps himself tidy and prim. He has been diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder. Dabboo suffers from Selective Mutism. He has not spoken for years, and appears frightened all the time. He is loved by one and all. Dr. Sonali negotiates with the mental hospital's top doctors to allow her to take the four of them for a cricket match between India and England which is being held on Independence Day. She eventually manages to get permission and the four of them get ready. The following morning, she takes them to the match and on the way stops at her clinic to pick up some important papers. She tells the group to stay in the car. After a while, Dabboo gets out of the car and goes to a spot nearby to pee. From there, he watches Dr. Sonali being kidnapped by thugs. He notices one of the faces as a thug removes his mask. Dabboo then goes back to the car where his friends realize that something is wrong from the expression on his face, but soon ignore it as Dabboo cannot speak. As time goes on, the four become bored. One by one, all of them except Dabboo get out of the car to look for Dr. Sonali. They split up and go to different places. Meanwhile, Dr. Sonali is being bribed to sign papers for declaring a criminal called Rana as insane at a hospital at 11 am the following day. As Raja searches for her, he passes by a store where there is a TV set showing a news report about Independence Day. Raja notices that the woman who is speaking is actually his ex-girlfriend, Shikha , who he had lost a long time ago. He tracks her, and the two have a tearful reunion. Raja decides to go to Shikha's house to apologize to her father , as he had been rude to him the last time they had met. He however meets Shikha's new boyfriend Pranav to who she will be engaged and married to soon. Raja becomes angry and starts beating Pranav up, and is once again thrown out of the house. Meanwhile, Gangadhar returns after having followed some school children singing Jana Gana Mana, and accidentally bumps into Dr. Mukherjee. They realise that the car is gone. Raja then returns and goes with the group to a nearby traffic station, where they find Dabboo and register a complaint that Dr. Sonali is missing. Raja then comes up with the idea that they should call up Sonali's husband, R K Sanyal , and tell him what has happened. They get his number from the traffic station and find out that he is at a hotel. They find him there but he receives a call from a man who tells him that Sonali has been captured and is safe which leads the team to realize that he was behind the kidnapping. They are caught by the same man who Dabboo saw kidnapping Sonali. They manage to escape and head off to Shikha's office, begging her to help them. She reluctantly agrees, and they kidnap Sanyal at the Star Awards function. They make him announce that he will pay Rs 50 million to anyone who finds Sonali. Sanyal then escapes but this is just part of the plan as they have hidden a camera that films what he does and says. Then, they go to Pranav's office and beg him to play the video as he works with Shikha, but he doesn't agree. They however play the tape and a very distressed husband and his partner watch it. The next day, a taxi driver picks up four people who have found Dr. Sonali and he immediately recognizes who she is and takes the four men to a village close by where they are captured and put into the earth like seeds. He then calls them and tells the four about the news. When they arrive at the scene, they find her missing again. They eventually find her wrapped in a bag and walk away only to be caught by the board of directors but escape after Sonali again when she suddenly disappears. She gets into the car which her husband's partner is driving and goes to the hospital. The four follow her in an auto and arrive at the hospital moments later after Sonali was dropped off there. Dr. Mukherjee runs somewhere in the building leaving the others lost. When Sonali goes to the room where Rana is being held, the other three turn out to be the doctors who are also meant to examine Rana shortly joined by Dr. Mukherjee who ran off to see his wife who worked in the same hospital. They then torture him by injecting him with needles, electrocuting him and by giving him a heart shock. They then explain to Sonali that her husband was the one that kidnapped her and that it was just a trick to get her to do what they wanted. They then catch the criminals responsible and the movie ends when all of them go back home."] ["In Srinagar, a Kashmiri terrorist, Wasim Khan is arrested by a team led by Colonel Rayappa . In South India, Roja  is a simple village girl born and brought up in Sundarapandianpuram in Tirunelveli district in southern Tamil Nadu. Roja fervently wishes that her sister's  marriage proposal with Rishi Kumar , a top cryptologist working with the Indian government, goes smoothly. Unknown to her and her family, Roja’s sister is in love with the son of her paternal aunt. When Rishi wishes to speak to Roja’s sister alone, she gathers enough courage to convey this and politely asks him to reject her in front of her parents, to which he obliges. To everyone’s surprise Rishi requests Roja's hand in marriage instead. Being unaware of her sister's love affair, Roja is not willing to accept Rishi's proposal as she believes that he is the best match for her sister but she marries Rishi, and the couple go to live in Madras while her sister is married to her aunt's son. Initially Roja does not like what Rishi did, but when she learns of her sister's love affair and consequent rejection of Rishi, she apologizes and starts seeing him in a new light. Love blossoms, and life is blissful for the couple for a short while. Meanwhile, Rishi is assigned a posting at an army communications center in Kashmir. The couple find themselves in a beautiful yet alien land. Roja's world turns upside down when Rishi is abducted by terrorists whose agenda is to separate Kashmir from India and to free their leader Wasim Khan from judicial custody. Faced with the daunting task of rescuing her husband, Roja runs from pillar to post, pleading with politicians and the military for help. Further complicating matters is the communication gap: She can't speak their language, and they can't speak hers. Meanwhile Rishi, held captive by a group of terrorists led by Liaqat , tries to reason with them. Liaqat’s sister shows a little compassion towards him. Initially, when Roja’s efforts fail, the Indian government denies any negotiations with the terrorists for the release of Rishi in the media. The angered terrorists burn an Indian flag. Rishi risks his life to put out the fire and shows the terrorist how much the country means to him, a regular citizen. When Liaqat’s younger brother, who with few other youths from his village are sent across the border to Pakistan for training, is shot down by the Pakistan Army, Liaqat’s strong belief is shaken, but he still manages to convince himself of the cause. Consequently, Roja’s efforts to apprise the politicians of her suffering and pain are successful as a minister pities her and offers to help. Much to the chagrin of Colonel Rayappa, the government decides to release Wasim Khan in exchange for Rishi. Rishi, not wanting to be used as a pawn to release a dangerous terrorist, gets help from the sympathetic Liaqat’s sister and escapes — with Liaqat and his men chasing him. Colonel Rayappa, Roja and other Army officers get to the hostage exchange spot with Wasim Khan, but Liaqat doesn’t show up. This leads Roja to think that Rishi is dead. Rishi has managed to get close to the exchange spot on his own after evading the terrorists. Liaqat catches up with him and holds him at gun point. Rishi reasons with Liaqat further and convinces him that his war is immoral. Liaqat lets Rishi go and he goes to the exchange spot. Rishi and Roja are united once again."] ["The film relates the story of a young man named Ashok  who is in love with two different women from very different classes. Ashok hails from a wealthy family and has a job as a postmaster, but it is clear that his job requires little hard labor, aside from sending an occasional telegram, leaving him time to enjoy his comforts cigarettes, painting and song writing . A girl named Bela, the poor and simple daughter of the former postmaster woos for his affections and is supported by her poor father who wants her married. Bela prepares Ashok's meals, teases and amuses him, and imagines of a happy marriage with Ashok who likes her but is not in love with her. Bela has competition from the wealthy landowner Jamnadas's daughter Usha, who lives a lavish lifestyle in a hilltop mansion Usha, drives a foreign car and seems more suitable for Ashok the young postmaster. They share a love of fine art and music, and Usha falls in love with his singing and arranges for him to give her music lessons on her grand piano in a boudoir adorned with fine art. Bela, heartbroken, in a fit of jealousy intervenes by lying to Usha that Ashok has already professed his love for her and is playing a double game. In a surprising display of class-transcending understanding, Usha agrees to renounce her love for Ashok in favor of Bela’s claim, and to accept a proposal from the aristocratic son of one of her father’s colleagues. As Usha’s wedding approaches, both she and Ashok become depressed and Bela has recurring nightmares of a black-veiled rider coming to carry her away. Times become increasingly unhappy and it seems that their marriage plans will not go ahead as planned."] ["Noorie  lives in the Kashmir valleys with her father, Ghulam Nabi  and her dog Khairoo, she has a boyfriend Yusuf , they decide to get married, the date is decided and preparations begin. But fate had something else in store. As another villager Bashir Khan  takes a liking to Noorie and approaches Noorie's father for her hand, to which Ghulam Nabi refuses. An angry Bashir Khan then arranges the murder of Gulam Nabi, through his men, using a falling tree. The marriage is suspended, few months later when the marriage preparations are back on, however a few days before the marriage Bashir Khan, who happens to be Yusuf's boss sends him on an errand out of town. While Yusuf is out of town Bashir Khan goes over to Noorie's house and rapes her. Will Noorie be able to reconcile with her fate and live life further on?"] ['Chulbul Pandey, a young boy, lives with his younger half-brother, Makhanchan "Makkhi" Pandey, stepfather Prajapati Pandey  and mother, Naina Devi  in Laalgunj, Uttar Pradesh. His stepfather is always partial towards Makkhi which constantly angers Chulbul. 21 years later, a scene shows a gang of robbers trying to steal money from a bank, when Chulbul , now a cop, tries to recover the money by beating up the robbers. It becomes clear later that he keeps the money for himself. Chulbul, who calls himself "Robin Hood" Pandey, lives with his family and does not have a good relationship with his stepfather and Makkhi. Makkhi ([[Arbaaz Khan  is in love with a girl called Nirmala , whose father Masterji  opposed the relationship. Chulbul falls in love with a girl named Rajo , whom he chances upon during a police encounter. A goon by the name of Chedi Singh  meets Chulbul and tells him that the people he beat up and stole the money from are party workers and that they were getting money for the party. But he offers to forgive Chulbul on the condition that Chulbul start working for him. Chulbul flatly refuses. Makkhi asks his father to arrange his marriage with Nirmala. His father refuses saying that he needs money to repay the loans he took to make his factory, so he needs his son to marry a rich girl. Makkhi, in desperate need of money, steals it from Chulbul\'s cupboard and is caught red-handed by his mother. He tells her that he intends to give the money to Nirmala\'s father, who in turn will return the money after marriage through dowry. Although his mother refuses, he reluctantly takes the money and gives it to Nirmala\'s father. Meanwhile, Chulbul meets Rajo and proposes marriage. She rejects it saying that she has to look after her father, Haria , who is always drunk and she cannot marry while he is alive. Chulbul then comes home to find his mother dead. He goes to his stepfather to make peace, as he is the only family left. His stepfather rejects and despises him as an outcast. Chulbul is then attacked at the railway station by Chedi\'s men, when he is with Rajo and her father; he beats up all of them in a fight. He sees Makkhi buying new clothes at the market. On approaching him, Makkhi says that he is getting married to Nirmala and invites Chulbul to the marriage. Chulbul tries to convince Rajo\'s father to give his daughter\'s hand in marriage to him and to stop drinking. Rajo\'s father accepts and, after Chulbul leaves, he plunges into a lake and commits suicide, as he knows that his daughter will not marry anyone while he is alive. Chulbul takes Rajo to Makkhi\'s exuberant wedding. Realizing that Makkhi has stolen his brother\'s money to finance the wedding, marries Rajo in an informal ceremony. Nirmala\'s father, Masterji, feels disgraced and cancels the wedding. Makkhi beats up one of the workers in his factory due to an accident. The workers go to the police station with his mother to file a complaint. Instead Chulbul beats up Makkhi in public, thus disgracing him. Chedi Singh decides to take advantage of the situation and suspend Chulbul. He takes Makkhi and his father to the police station. But Makkhi\'s father resolves the situation by accepting an apology from Chulbul. Chulbul meets Dayal Babu , the leader of Lok Manch, who also dislikes Chedi Singh. They come to an agreement to keep Chedi Singh in control. Chulbul adulterates the breweries of Chedi Singh due to which some people fall ill and Chedi Singh is blamed. Chedi Singh is confronted by Chulbul who openly reveals that he spoiled the breweries. To take revenge, Chedi Singh burns Makkhi\'s factory. Makkhi\'s father has a heart attack due to shock and is hospitalized. Makkhi, in desperate need of money for his father\'s treatment agrees to do anything for Chedi Singh, without realizing that it was Chedi Singh who burnt his factory. Chedi Singh orders him to deliver a crate of mangoes to Dayal Babu\'s house. But, unknown to Makkhi, there is a bomb in it. After he leaves the house, it explodes, killing Dayal Babu. Chedi Singh gives Makkhi a task to kill Chulbul. Makkhi, knowing that he would not do it, accepts it and meets Chulbul. He confesses to Chulbul that he was sent to kill him by Chedi Singh. He reveals to Chulbul that Chedi Singh made him plant the bomb unknowingly. Chulbul forgives him and reconciles with his stepfather. Makkhi meets Chedi Singh, who thinks that Makkhi killed Chulbul and reveals to Makkhi that he had killed Makkhi\'s mother. Chedi Singh is then informed that Chulbul is arriving with a huge police force. Makkhi reveals to Chedi Singh that he did not kill Chulbul. In a final battle, Chulbul arrives and takes down all the goons and rescues Makkhi. He then kills Chedi Singh in a fight after Makkhi reveals to him that Chedi Singh killed their mother. In a happy ending, Chulbul gets Makkhi married to Nirmala in the presence of their father, while Rajo reveals that she is pregnant.'] ["A police officer, Rajesh is an expert in explosives and chemicals. Rajesh lives with his dog and his cook, and has a love interest in Rita. The department in which Rajesh works discovers that there are people interested in stealing information about explosives from them, and start to guard against such an attack, but Rajesh is kidnapped and taken abroad. The kidnappers keep Rajesh imprisoned and send a look-alike, Jackoss, back to India to deceive the department. Jackoss is a non-Indian, with blue eyes and a voice different from Rajesh's. To deceive Rajesh's department, he uses contact lenses and tells them that he lost his voice in the kidnapping. Rita believes him and accepts him as Rajesh, although she has some misgivings. Rajesh's dog and cook realise what has happened, so Jackoss kills them to avoid their exposing him. The authorities are also less trusting and do not allow Jackoss to enter the high-security zone."] ["Kunjunni , in an inebriated condition arrives on a rainy night to purchase Nellur Mana, which is believed to be haunted by the ghost of Savithri . Being crazy about old houses and palaces, Kunjunni, who is in to realty business was lured into this deal by Gireeshan , the son of Guptan Namboothiri , a feudal land lord. In a fight with Kunjunni, his younger son had fell from the terrace and had got paralyzed below the hips. Now Guptan Namboothiri wants to avenge for it. Upon reaching the old house, Kunjunni is attacked by the goons of Gireeshan, but he escapes miraculously. An atheist, Kunjunni leads a carefree life away from the traditions of his family and is inlove with Thulasimani ([[Kanika , the daughter of Pisharody, the old friend of his late father, who was also a famous tantrik. In spite of all the blocks that comes on his way, Kunjunni reaches back to own the house. Gireeshan leads him inside and he feels the presence of some supernatural powers inside. While stepping into the pond, he feels trapped inside and as if someone was pulling him down. The dead body of Kunjunni was found at the nearby river on next day. Pattazhi Madhavan Nambooothiri , his brother, who is also a strong tantrik and Samskrit professor decides to probe the reasons that caused his brother's death. Madhavan Namboothiri suspects Gireeshan's role in it. Madhavan is married to Mithra , the daughter of Guptan Namboothiri against his wishes,and they have sexual contacts . Madhavan, along with his three disciples starts residing at Nellur mana. It is also revealed that his father also had died by drowning in the pond long back, while was here to perform a vasthu puja. Madhavan and his disciples come across several supernatural experiences inside the house. Madhavan finds several vastu doshas existing in the house that had caused a series of accidents including fire tragedies that had killed several members long back. Madhavan brings in the youngest member of Uliyanoor thachan to rectify the errors. Along with that, he also does several pujas to clear up the mess. But things get more complicated with the arrival of Tulasimani. She is haunted by an unseen force from time to time. It is revealed that Tulasi is none other, but the daughter of Chitran Namboothiri, who was killed in a fire accident years back. Automatically, the ownership of the house comes in to the hands of Tulasi. One night, one among the disciples of Madhavan is killed. The same night, Madhavan is attacked by Jayan, son of Gupthan Namboothiri. The next day, Jayan's corpse is found in the river. Beeran ([[Devan , the SP of police arrives at the spot for investigation and is shocked to find another corpse, that is of Vishahari, a trusted left hand of Jayan in the house. Madhavan explains Beeran the secrets of the supernatural things happening inside. A secret passage exists from the pond to the river that carries anyone who steps into the pond to the river. He also explains, that it was not any supernatural element that had killed his disciple, but was Jayan and Vishahari, who were in the house to hunt down Madhavan. The next night, Madhavan is getting prepared for the final puja to clear up the whole mess, when Gireeshan arrives in the garbs of Savitri. It is revealed that Gireeshan is suffering from multiple personality disorder and it is him, whom many people mistook to the ghost of Savitri. Madhavan physically overcomes Gireeshan and defeats him, thereby putting an end to the mystery of the ghost. He thus moves back from Nellur Mana, handing the key to Thulasimani."] ["The film is about Dr. Siddharth Sinha  and his son Dr. Akash Sinha . Both work in the same hospital founded by Siddharth. Siddharth wishes to run a state of the art hospital but his work and profession means he dedicates his time to his patients. Soon enough Dr. Neha Mathur  walks into Akash's life and they eventually fall in love with each other. Eventually Siddharth dies and Akash sets on to fulfill his father's dream. The arrival of Sonia Kapoor  changes everything between Neha and Akash. Sonia is a rich and arrogant schizophrenic woman who is used to having things her own way and it is not long before she wants Akash for herself. She decides that since Akash is the man for her, she can latch on to him by literally 'buying' his love through financial agreement. The agreement states that on marrying Soniya, her father Gulshan Kapoor  will help finance the hospital project. As fate would have it, Siddharh Sinha expires in his attempt to bring a child injure in an accident to his hospital. His last wish is for the hospital to be properly completed. Akash, now burdened with the increasing debts to purchase equipment for the hospital, cannot arrange for further funds. Over a broken heart, he agrees to marry Sonia, in order to set up the hospital, and thus fulfilling his father's final wish. Neha understands this and agrees to break up with Akash, but offers to continue working in the same hospital because she is a professional and dedicated person. After the marriage, Sonia starts suspecting Akash is having an affair with Neha, and starts annoying both of them. She cannot stand Neha still working at the hospital, and keeps coming up with all kinds of reasons to get Neha out. In one such quest, she is involved in a fatal accident and has serious damage to her brain. Now Akash has to operate on her. For a moment he is in a dilemma, because curing Sonia would mean facing her problems again. But he decides that he is a doctor, and a doctor should never discriminate patients, but his job is to simply save lives. Akash operated Sonia and she is fully recovered. Sonia comes to know that she was operated by Akash, even when she created all kinds of problems for him. Wisdom dawns on Sonia and she asks for Akash's pardon, and gives him divorce and walks out of his life, freeing him to marry and settle down with Neha."] ['Kony is an inspiritational story of a coach and his trainee Kony who fight all odds to achieve their aims. Khidda  is a swimming coach who teaches swimming to underprivileged kids. He picks Kony  from a slum of Calcutta and grooms her to be part of the Bengal Swimming team to compete at the National Swimming Championship. However, politics, poverty and social stigma emerges as distinct roadblocks in their path.<ref nameLessons for the Indian Left from Kony|urlhttp://www.pragoti.in/|accessdate=11 April 2012}}'] ['The section of the Mumbai Police Department responsible for handling the underworld is headed by Sadhu Agashe . Sadhu is the city’s best inspector, with an enviable reputation and record of encounter shootings. Though tough, he is a loving husband to his wife  and father and also helps his informers and other poor people in times of need. His immediate junior, Imtiyaz Siddiqui ([[Yashpal Sharma  despises Sadhu to no end; he feels Sadhu intentionally belittles him. Also Imtiyaz is more concerned about adding to his encounter score and therefore ends up killing more than the primary target which is the main reason Sadhu dislikes him. To add to his woes, Imtiyaz is unable to surpass Sadhu’s encounter "score". Enter Jatin , a rookie to this line of policing who manages to impress Sadhu. The inspector takes the newcomer under his wing, further antagonizing Imtiyaz. All of them report to the Commissioner Pradhan  who is a fair and honest police officer. During these events, Sadhu establishes a love-hate friendship on the phone with Zameer , a notorious underworld leader based abroad, who grudgingly admires Sadhu for his no-nonsense attitude. Zameer and rival don, Rajashekhar run the Mumbai underworld. Sadhu Agashe’s world begins to turn upside down as Pradhan retires and with the entrance of the new commissioner, Suchek ([[Jeeva  who has a strong link to the Don, Rajashekhar. Suchek takes a liking towards Imtiyaz who is willing to do encounters primarily of Zameer\'s men mainly on Rajashekhar\'s orders. Suchek starts undermining and belittling Sadhu. Sadhu continues on his honest path. Eventually, the pressures of his career take a toll on his personal life as some men kill his wife. During his personal investigation into this matter, Sadhu kills Feroz, right-hand man of Rajashekhar. Sadhu is compelled to resign from the force and Suchek  sends Imtiyaz to kill Sadhu. Sadhu manages to kill him and in a peculiar chain of events, Sadhu Agashe, a once famed inspector, becomes a fugitive of the law. Suchek announces shoot at sight orders against Sadhu despite Pradhan\'s advice to the contrary and Sadhu is forced to ask Zameer for help in escaping from India. Meanwhile Jatin, who has been growing increasingly disenchanted by Suchek\'s behavior, resigns and calls for a press conference and exposes Suchek\'s connection to Rajashekhar. Suchek disputes this but is suspended pending investigation. Sadhu goes to Zameer\'s HQ and thanks him for releasing him and tells him that he is now Zameer\'s man. As Zameer and Sadhu are drinking alone celebrating this, Sadhu breaks a glass and uses the sharp edge to kill Zameer and escape. Then the scene rolls forward to a location abroad where Sadhu and Pradhan are having coffee. When Pradhan asks Sadhu about why he has run away thereby proving the allegations against him, Sadhu tells him that it is part of his plan. He was able to kill Zameer as a fugitive which he never could have as a cop. He says that he will now go to Rajashekhar since Rajashekhar is thrilled at Zameer\'s death and kill him too. Sadhu says that he doesn\'t care what the world thinks of him and he will always be a cop and will continue his work of eliminating crime until he dies. He requests Pradhan to look after his son who is with his aunt in Pune and Pradhan contemplatively agrees. The end credits roll as Sadhu gets up and walks off after saying good bye to Pradhan.'] ["The film is about the friendship of three girls: Sarah Elizabeth ([[Roma , Pooja Krishna  and Sridevi , all studying in 12th standard at Lord's Academy in Ooty. They come from different family backgrounds—Sarah from a broken home, with her separated parents , Sridevi, from a happy, close-knit family, with her parents  doting on her, and Pooja, a day scholar living near the school with her mother , whom the threesome depend on, when they have problem between themselves. But on other issues, they believe in solving the problems by themselves. Sreedevi falls in love with a schoolmate, Sooraj Menon . Though hesitant at first, Sarah and Pooja approve their love after being convinced of Sooraj's sincerity. During an excursion to Goa, Sreedevi and Sooraj engage in sex, and eventually she becomes pregnant, much to the shock of Sarah and Pooja, and moreover herself. They keep the news to themselves, fearing the sorrow and wrath of Sreedevi's parents; even Sooraj is kept in the dark, for fear that the news may leak out. They decide to go for an abortion in a small hospital near their school. During the Founder's Day celebrations at the school, the trio sneaks out of the campus, and reaches the hospital. Pooja keeps watch outside the hospital while Sarah and Sreedevi go in and they convince the gynaecologist for an abortion by telling several lies, including that Sreedevi had been raped. During abortion, Sreedevi suffers excessive blood loss and dies. Sarah and Pooja flee the hospital in terror and return to school. However, they are summoned to the principal's office the next day, and the doctor who came to the school as a part of an enquiry identifies Sarah. Sarah confesses that the rape story was a lie and Sreedevi actually had sex with somebody she loves, but she maintains she doesn't know who that is. Pooja, who considers her future as important, distances herself from the whole episode, leaving Sarah embarrassed and angry. The principal, who is concerned about the status of the school presses for not registering a police case, dismisses Sarah from the school. Pooja, now ashamed of and disturbed by what she did, tries to apologize to Sarah, but meets with hostility. Pooja loses her mental stability, unable to take the pressure of having lost two best friends together—one to death and the other to her own betrayal. Years later, on Sarah's graduation day, she receives a letter that claims to be from Sreedevi. The letter informs her that Pooja was in a mental asylum for 6 years, and she needs Sarah's company. Sarah, returning to Ooty, finds out that Pooja has been discharged from the mental hospital. They realise how much they missed each other and return to their school campus to a tree they had planted years ago."] ["Most of the story is revealed as a flashback from prison cell of Veer Pratap Singh. The narrative begins by showing Zaara Haayat Khan , an independent, carefree, and sprightly young Pakistani girl travelling to India. She is on her way to India with the ashes of her Sikh governess Bebe . Before dying, Bebe  begs Zaara to fulfill her final wish - to take her ashes to India, to the holy Sikh city of Kiratpur, and scatter them in the Sutlej river, among her ancestors. Zaara decides to carry out Bebe's dying wish. Upon reaching India, Zaara's bus meets with an accident causing it to overturn. An Indian Air Force pilot, Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh  comes to her rescue and with his help, Zaara completes Bebe's final rites. Veer convinces Zaara to return with him to his village to spend one day together. Zaara agrees and Veer takes her on a tour of India's Punjab. They visit Veer's home village on the day of the Lohri festival and meet Veer's parents . With his father telling Veer that, in a dream he has seen Zaara becoming Veer's wife, Veer realizes he is falling in love with Zaara. Taking her to catch her train to Lahore, Veer is just waiting for the right time to tell Zaara about his feelings, but before he can do that they are met by Zaara's fiance, who has come looking for her, Raza . Just before she is to board the train, Veer confesses his love and then watches sadly as Zaara boards the train that will take her back to Pakistan. Veer gets no sense of Zaara's feelings, but as she is leaving he discovers he still has one of her silver anklets. She nods for him to keep it; both believe that this is the end of the road for their relationship and that they will probably never meet again. On reaching Pakistan, Zaara realizes that she is having deep feelings of love for Veer, but that it is her duty to keep her family's honor and marry her fiancé, a wedding that will further her father's political career. She initially tells her mother of an Indian man who is ready to give his life for her and for whom she has fallen for. Soon Zaara starts to see Veer's everywhere who is making love to her and finally tells Shabbo that she has fallen in love with Veer. Zaara's maid and friend Shabbo calls Veer and tells him how miserable Zaara is without him, she dares him to come and take Zaara away. Veer who had told Zaara that he would give up his life for her, quits the Indian Air Force and goes to Pakistan to bring her back with him to India. Zaara's mother, Mariam Hayaat Khan , however, begs him to leave Zaara as Zaara's father, Jahangir Hayaat Khan  is a high-profile politician whose reputation, and health, will be ruined if news gets out that his daughter is in love with an Indian. Veer respects this request and decides to leave for India but Raza, who is outraged by the shame Zaara has brought upon him, frames Veer and has him wrongly imprisoned on charges of being an Indian spy. The story moves forward by 22 years and Veer now meets Saamiya Siddiqui , who is an idealistic Pakistani lawyer, whose mission in life is to pave the path for women's empowerment in Pakistan. The Pakistani government has decided to review the cases of some Indians, but stacking the deck against Siddiqui winning her first case, she has been given the case of prisoner 786 . Many view it as an impossible task as the man has been languishing in prison and has not spoken to anyone for the last 22 years. Also, the prosecution is led by Zakir Ahmed , her ex-boss who has never lost a case. Veer opens up to Saamiya and tells her that she can fight his case but cannot mention, much less subpoena, Zaara's family. The number 786 is considered by some Muslims to be a holy number in Islam; this convinces Saamiya that God has chosen Veer for some special purpose, and she becomes even more determined to exonerate him, restore his name and identity, and return him to his country. After the prosecution presents it case, Saamiya realizes she must cross the border and find someone in Veer's village who can prove Veer's true identity. There, Saamiya meets Zaara, who had fled to India and has taken over running the girl's school after the deaths of Veer's parents. She has thought that Veer died on his bus that ran off a cliff, killing everyone on its way to India. Saamiya takes Zaara back to Pakistan to tell the court the truth about Veer's identity. The judge releases Veer from prison and apologizes on behalf of Pakistan. After Veer is finally released, he and Zaara bid goodbye to Saamiya and Pakistan at the Wagah border crossing, returning to their village together."] ["Bhoothnath , a middle-age architect, wanders through the ruins of an old haveli. There is a flashback to the end of the 19th century. The lower-class and educated Bhoothnath arrives in colonial Calcutta looking for work. He lives in the grand haveli of the Choudhurys, a family of zamindars while working beyond its compound at the Mohini Sindoor factory run by Subinay Babu, a dedicated member of the Brahmo Samaj. Subinay Babu's daughter Jaba  is amused by Bhoothnath whom she considers an unsophisticated rustic. Bhoothnath becomes fascinated with the goings-on in the haveli and every night observes the decadent lifestyle of the Choudhury brothers.  One night the servant, Bansi, takes Bhoothnath to meet the younger zamindar's  wife Chhoti Bahu  who implores him to bring her Mohini Sindoor believing it will keep her unfaithful husband home. Bhoothnath is struck by her beauty and sadness and inadvertently becomes Chhoti Bahu's secret confidante. A bomb explodes in the marketplace and Bhoothnath is injured in the ensuing crossfire between freedom fighters and British soldiers. Jaba looks after him. Bhoothnath becomes a trainee architect and goes away to work on a training project. Chhoti Bahu's repeated attempts to appease her husband fail until she becomes his drinking companion to keep him by her side. Bhoothnath returns some years later to Calcutta to find that Subinay Babu has died and that he and Jaba were betrothed as children. He returns to the haveli and is shocked to find it in partial ruins. Chhoti Bahu is now a desperate alcoholic and her husband, paralyzed. She asks Bhoothnath to accompany her to a nearby shrine to pray for her ailing husband. Their conversation is heard by the elder zamindar, Majhle Babu. He orders his henchmen to punish her for consorting with a man outside the Choudhury household. As Bhoothnath and Chhoti Bahu travel in the carriage, it is stopped. Bhoothnath is knocked unconscious and Chhoti Bahu is abducted. When he wakes up in hospital, Bhoothnath is told Chhoti Bahu has disappeared and the younger zamindar is dead. The flashback ends. Bhoothnath's workers inform him a skeleton is found buried in the ruins of the haveli. From the jewellery on the corpse, Bhoothnath realizes it is the remains of Chhoti Bahu. The last scene shows a nostalgic Bhoothnath riding away on a carriage with Jaba, who is now his wife. In this, the filmed version departs significantly from the novel, where Jaba and Bhoothnath do not get a happy ending."] ['The story revolves around Chinna , a village youth who receives sympathy because he is a hunchback and is lauded for selfless service to others. He covers up his handicap with humor. Unmindful of his looks, Chinna goes around looking for a suitable bride with the help of his friend . Brushing aside many an insult hurled at him, he carries on. In contrast is Karthik , a violent college student, who loves his classmate Priya . She meets Chinna, who assures her that he would get her married to the man of her dreams. However, she is killed in a fracas involving a gangster. Meanwhile, the hunchback Surya comes across an orphaned poor blind girl, Shenbagam . He wins over her heart by helping her out. Thanks to his efforts, she gains her vision . This results in a tussle between Chinna and Karthik as to whom Shenbagam now belongs. However, fearing his looks, the hunchback, Chinna, decides to give way to the other. But fate has other things in store for him...'] ["A kind-hearted, widowed landlord, Thakur, lives a wealthy lifestyle with his son, Ramesh; daughter, Roopa; and an adopted child, Shankar. Ramesh hates Shankar and often abuses him. Years pass by. Thakur dies, and all three children have grown up. Ramesh  frequents a beautiful courtesan, drinks alcohol, and continues to abuse and mercilessly beat Shankar , who bears this in silence, as he and Roopa  are in love with each other. When Ramesh finds out that Roopa wants to wed Shankar, he has him severely beaten and thrown off a cliff. Ramesh then arranges Roopa's marriage to another wealthy man, Satish , while he continues to romance Tarabai  and even signs over his entire estate and home to her. A few years later, Shankar returns as the wealthy Raja of Belapur. He is fully prepared to compromise with Ramesh and propose to Roopa. He finds out that nothing has changed, however. Ramesh, though rendered penniless by Tara, still hates Shankar. Satish is engaged to Roopa and a marriage date has been fixed. Shankar's love is now replaced by vengeance and hate, and all he can think of is destroying the lives of Ramesh, Roopa, Satish and his sister, Mala , and he devises several plans to destroy his opponents' lives. He abuses and insults Roopa, attempting to avenge himself upon her for her apparent unfaithfulness by romancing Mala, but love conquers all in the end."] ["A Royal Indian family consists of the Emperor Maharaj ([[Murad , his brother Shamsher Singh  and sister Rajshree ([[Nadira . A poor villager named Jai Tilak  enters a contest to tame Princess Rajshree's horse and after he is successful Shamsher challenges him to a game of fencing. Jai is declared the winner of the fight after much dispute and Shamsher is enraged at losing to a poor villager. Jai then falls in love with Rajshree and tries numerous times to woo her but the princess's arrogance prevents her from revealing her true feelings. Shamsher becomes even more enraged when the Emperor Maharaj reveals that Shamsher is not the heir to his throne after his death and that he plans to free India from monarchy and turn to democracy. Shamsher then plans to gain control of the kingdom by killing the Maharajah on the night before he is due to travel to England for a medical procedure. However he is unsuccessful after the Maharajah escapes an attempt on his life by Shamsher's henchmen and disguises himself as a servant in his own palace. Shamsher then sets his eyes on Mangala  who is a village girl and childhood friend of Jai but her love is not reciprocated as he is only in love with princess Rajshree. After Mangala is kidnapped by Shamsher Singh who plans to keep her prisoner in his palace and molest her, Mangala takes a bottle of poison and dies. Jai kills Shamsher in revenge and provokes Princess Rajshree to launch an attack on his village to avenge her brother's death. Jai manages to kidnap Rajshree and sets out to gain her love by taking her into his village and forcing her to live as a peasant girl. Just when Rajshree begins to realise her feelings for Jai, Shamsher Singh who was presumed dead returns to get his revenge against Jai."] ["Arvind  and Lakshmi  are in love and want to get married. However, Lakshmi's dad, a cop, is against their affair. Hence the two decide to elope from Delhi and travel to get married at Arvind's ancestral haveli in Rajgarh, Alwar, Rajasthan, by road, passing by a desert, in a Tata Safari. After an escape from an aggravated assault, by a mad wayfarer, they bump into a smooth-talking hitchhiker Babu  who is stranded in the middle of no where. Babu convinces the young couple to give him a lift. Travelling with Babu proves a nightmare for Arvind and Lakshmi, Babu turns out to be a psychopath. Soon, Lakshmi finds herself hostage of an armed Babu. Thanks to the timely intervention of a truck driver Inderpal  and the highway petrol bunk owner, an aspiring actor Bhanwar Singh , Arvind rescues Lakshmi from Babu. After a while, Babu again finds a way, after attacking Inderpal, and re-attacks the couple by haunting them on the road, via Inderpal's truck. But, this time, Babu fails to get hold of the couple. After dodging an FIR, in the nearest police station, the couple finds a motel, the couple recuperate. The next day Babu again attacks the couple and elopes with lakshmi. when the car breaks down on the way, Babu kills his another victim, a traveller  attracted to Lakshmi, and elopes in the traveler's vehicle. As the cops are on their way to catch hold of Babu, shockingly, Babu manages to attack the cops. On the other hand, the cops suspect Arvind as the serial killer, as he first eloped with Lakshmi, who is D.C.P's daughter. This irresponsible intervention of the cops, who fail to trust Arvind, makes it impossible to chase Lakshmi. Finally, a frustrated Arvind, manages to escape with the cops jeep, gets a bike and chases Babu to death. The couple finally find their way out of the desert."] ['Rajan Mathur  is college professor who lives in Chandni Chowk district in NewDelhi, with his wife Roma Mathur , who is a social activist and feminist, and their young daughter. Professor Mathur meets Numair Qazi , who informs him that he is a victim of communal riots in Gujarat. He is actually a suicide bomber of an Islamic fundamentalist group who has been ordered to set off a bomb near Red Fort during the 15 August independence celebration. Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife. While assisting Numair to get an employment entry pass for the celebrations at Red Fort, Professor Mathur introduces him to a variety of people living in harmony in Chandni Chowk regardless of faith. Numair is no longer sure if he should carry out the orders of his superiors or not. Although he is a deep-rooted fundamentalist, he sees this area as colourful and loving. There is no Black and White. Nonetheless, he goes forward to accomplish his mission.'] ['Vinod  a college drop-out and a good-for-nothing guy falls in love with Narmada  daughter of a local don Sakthivel . She lives in a hostel after learning that her dad is a criminal who now wants her to marry his partner Sardar’s  brother. So the two lovers elope to Mumbai and soon they are tracked and separated. Finally Vinod  along with his friends fight against all odds to win back Narmada.'] ["Karan Singh lives a wealthy lifestyle in a palace along with his widowed mother, an elder brother, Shamsher, his wife and daughter, Meena. His mother, Rani Maa, spent most of her time playing cards and left his upbringing to his nanny. As a result, Karan ended up believing her to be his real mother. Now matured, a womanizer and alcoholic, he comes to the rescue of a former air hostess, Lata, who is being molested by her boss, hires her as his secretary, and permits her parents, sister and brother, to move into one of his cottages. Lata attempts to change his bad habits, initially meets with opposition, but eventually succeeds; they fall in love. Karan even builds a palace and names it 'Prem Nagar'. Their idyllic romance is shattered when Lata is accused of interfering in palace affairs and stealing a valuable necklace &mdash; with her mother testifying that she found it on Lata's purse &mdash; and, as a result, a much-humiliated Lata quits and her family moves out."] ["This movie is about the tawaif Sahibjaan, , who is born to a courtesan, Nargis . After being spurned by her lover Shahabuddin's  family, Nargis is driven to a graveyard where she gives birth to Sahibjaan secretly. Nargis dies during childbirth and her sister, Nawabjaan, takes the child as her own. Sahibjaan was brought up by brothel madame Nawabjaan . Unable to break away from the vicious circle, Sahibjaan grows up and becomes a beautiful and popular dancer/singer. Forest ranger Salim Ahmed Khan  is enthralled by Sahibjaan's beauty and innocence, and eventually convinces her to elope with him, which she does. But trials and tribulations await Sahibjaan as she is recognized by men wherever she goes in the company of Salim. When Salim renames her Pakeezah  and takes her to a priest to be legally married, she refuses, and returns to the brothel. Salim eventually decides to marry someone else, and invites Sahibjaan to dance at his wedding Sahibjaan agrees to this. During this event, the story reveals an exciting turn: Nawab recognises Shahabuddin and calls him to witness the irony of the situation. His own daughter employed to dance and entertain his own family without his knowing."] ['Kunjappu aka Jahangir  is a jeep-driver who is a die-hard fan of Mammootty and also is the General Secretary of the Malappuram District unit of the Mammootty Fans’ Association. His family consists of his mother and three sisters, two of whom are married. They all want to see Kunjappu married and so a marriage-broker named Beeran is behind him in finding a match for Kunjappu. Kunjappu has an uncle who keeps a distance from Kunjappu and his family. He has a young daughter called Sajira. To irritate this uncle, Kunjappu always goes about saying that he would marry only Sajira. The uncle takes it seriously and to prevent this from happening, he helps Beeran find more and more girls for Kunjappu, but he rejects all the proposals brought by Beeran. In the meantime Kunjappu goes to attend a wedding and there he sees a girl called Raziya singing the Oppana. He tells his family that he is in love with Raziya, and that he intends to marry her. His uncle learns about this from Beeran and is happy. Preparations for the marriage begins. And then one day Kunjappu goes to Raziya’s college to meet her. And there he learns that it Raziya is a different girl and the girl he fell in love was Sunanda. Sunanda has an uncle named Karunakaran Ezhuthachchan. He and his son Sasi intend to grab Sunanda’s property and assets. Situations become worse from there and the Super star Mammootty himself, had to intervene to solve the issues.'] ["Pardes is a story that revolves around Ganga  and Arjun . Ganga is an Indian girl, brought up by her conservative family, living in a village. Kishorilal  is a wealthy and successful businessman who lives in Los Angeles, America  but is still deeply attached to his motherland India and adores the values and culture of India. On a visit to India, he meets his old friend Suraj Dev  and stays at his house. During his stay, he gets to know Suraj Dev's family and becomes very attached to Ganga, Dev's eldest daughter, who is the epitome of Indian culture. He hopes to find an Indian girl for his westernized, American son, Rajiv  and feels that Ganga is just right. He proposes marriage between Ganga and Rajiv; Dev's family accepts. Kishorilal knows he will have a tough time trying to convince Rajiv, who has never even visited India. But Kishorilal has a plan. He sends his foster son, Arjun  , to play cupid and convince Rajiv to meet Ganga in India. Arjun arrives at Dev's house and arranges to make the place suitable for Rajiv. Then, Rajiv arrives and initially does not like the idea of the marriage. Arjun spends many days trying to get Ganga and Rajiv to like each other and, in the process, becomes a close friend of Ganga. Eventually, Rajiv and Ganga agree to the wedding. The engagement is set in India with the wedding in America. Ganga excitedly leaves for America with her new family. In her new surroundings, her only friend and confidant is Arjun, with whom she begins to form a special bond. As time goes on, Ganga realizes that Rajiv isn't the person Arjun portrayed to her. She goes through many culture shocks when she sees Rajiv smoking, drinking and partying; later, she finds out that he has had sexual affairs in the past and is still seeing his former girlfriend. She confronts Arjun about why he lied to her, and Arjun realizes that he has fallen in love with her. Rajiv's family member notices the closeness between Ganga and Arjun and warns Kishorilal. He tells Arjun to leave the city. Ganga goes on a trip to Las Vegas with Rajiv. She misses Arjun and his companionship but tries to get on with Rajiv. One night, in a drunken state, Rajiv tries to rape Ganga; she manages to knock him unconscious and runs away. Arjun finds out Ganga is missing and looks for her. He finds her crying at a train station with her clothes torn. As she explains what happened, Arjun promises to protect her and help her get back to her family in India. Suraj Dev is misinformed about the circumstances in which Arjun brought Ganga to India. Believing Arjun ran away with his daughter, Dev tries to kill him. He mistrusts his daughter and locks her up in a shed. Ganga realizes that she is in love with Arjun. By this time, Kishorilal has come to India with Rajiv, who is ready to kill Arjun. After a lengthy fight between Arjun and Rajiv, Ganga reveals to her family and Kishorilal what Rajiv had tried to do to her. Shocked, both families realize their mistake. In disgust, Kishorilal disowns Rajiv and accepts Arjun as his real son. The families unite Ganga and Arjun; the two are finally married and live happily ever after."] ['The film opens with Mumbai police commissioner Prakash Rathod  resting after a jog, describing in a voice-over that he is going to retire the following day. He goes on to describe the most challenging case he faced in his career. The film switches into a narrative, showing the events that occurred on a certain Wednesday. An unnamed man  carries a travel bag, assumed to contain explosives, in the Chatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and proceeds to hide the bag in the restroom of a police station located near the Mumbai Police headquarters. He then arrives on the rooftop of a building under construction where he has set up his base of operations, equipped with various modern technology gadgets and instruments. He calls Rathod and informs him that he has placed five bombs in different locations throughout Mumbai, and has programmed them to explode simultaneously within four hours unless the Commissioner gives in to his demands and releases four militants. In response, Rathod immediately alerts his team involved in intelligence research and surveillance, tapping all the available resources in order to trace the location of the caller. Meanwhile, the caller tips off television news reporter Naina Roy, telling her to reach the police headquarters immediately as it is going to be "the most important day of her life". Rathod initially suspects the anonymous caller is bluffing, but his doubts are dispelled as the caller, to prove his seriousness and the police force\'s helplessness, reveals that a bomb has been planted in the police station right across the Police headquarters. He tries to trigger the bomb through a cell phone, but it is located in the nick of time and defused, just as Roy reaches the scene on the caller\'s instructions and reports about the situation. As Rathod and his team desperately try to locate the caller, the four militants demanded by the caller are rounded up by police officers Arif  and Jai . The caller then asks the two police officers to leave the four militants near a bench on an airport runway, but Arif leaves only three militants behind and takes one them captive as he suspects that the caller would not reveal the locations of the bombs even after the militants are released. A phone placed under the bench rings once Arif and Jai are several feet away and an explosion occurs in which the three terrorists perish. Arif relays this information to Rathod, and the anonymous caller reveals he does not belong to any terrorist organization, and his plan was not to free the terrorists but to kill them. The caller sought to avenge all the terrorist attacks they had helped carry out in Mumbai and other major cities of India, specifically the 2006 Mumbai train bombings. His final demand is that the officers kill the fourth militant themselves or he would set off all five bombs in Mumbai. In response, Rathod orders Arif and Jai to kill the fourth militant. After the death of the fourth militant is confirmed on the news, the caller calls Rathod for a final time to reveal that he had not planted any other bombs in the city. At this point, Rathod surprisingly declares he already knew there were no more bombs, hence his decision to kill the last terrorist was not taken in fear but in confidence. Rathod reaches the caller\'s location just as the latter is leaving the place, having destroyed all his gadgets and equipments. The two meet briefly when Rathod, identifying the anonymous caller on the basis of a face sketch, offers the man a ride home and introduces himself. The film freezes momentarily just as the man begins to smile and utter his name, when Rathod\'s voice-over cuts back and he says the man told him his real name but he does not wish to reveal it since doing so would give away the man\'s religion. The film ends on an idealistic note, with Rathod admitting that he knew the common man was disturbed because of the insecure environment and the incompetence of the governing authorities, but he never imagined a common man would go to such lengths to achieve this end. He also notes that the facts of this incident cannot be found in any written record but only in the memories of those who actually witnessed it, and further acknowledges that although the incident has ambiguous moral significance, he personally feels that whatever happened, happened for the best.'] ["Story of MAXIMUM revolves around two of Mumbai Police's top encounter specialists. It's a story of their fight for control and oneupmanship. This fight goes through a complex maze of politics, land deals, fake encounters and bad money. Pundit  and Inamdar  are two encounter specialists who try to overtake each other for power. Each kill the other's informers and the Mumbai police gets divided. Inamdar and his superiors frame a false case against Pundit and he gets suspended. After a couple of years Pundit comes back into the force with the help of a minister, Tiwari . After the Mumbai blasts Imamdar is removed from his position and Pundit gets reinstated. Meanwhile it is time for the elections and Tiwari gets the responsibility of the entire procedure. One night when he is at home his accomplices are shot. He goes forward to check and finds the culprit to be Pundit. Before Tiwari can shoot him Pundit shoots Pathak. In flashback it is shown that while Pundit is travelling with his wife, Supriya  there are shots on the car. In the confusion his car falls into a jungle. After that he shoots all the people and says that they were Niranjan's people. But when he comes back he realises that his wife is no more. Then it is revealed that Tiwari had got an offer of Home Ministry and 70 crores from Pundit's enemies in exchange of Pundit and thus had sent his men to attack Pundit and ended up killing his wife. That was the reason Pundit shot Tiwari. Before dying Tiwari confesses that he shouldn't have done what he did. He said he should have rejected but could not reject the offer of Home Ministry. He says that if you have always wanted something throughout your life and then that comes in front of you then a man cannot resist. Pundit asks whether Subodh knew of this. Finally Pundit shoots Tiwari. Pundit hands over property documents to a reporter. The reporter tells him that there's no going back once this goes public. Pundit says that he does not want to return. Pundit comes with his daughter and the reporter to leave the city. Meanwhile Inamdar with his men starts shooting at them. Many people from both sides are shot dead in the shootout. Meanwhile the train is about to start. Pundit sends off his daughter with his brother and the reporter to catch the train. She is unwilling to leave without him but finally leaves teary eyed. An open shootout follows in which both Pundit and Inamdar are shot. A severely injured Pundit runs towards the train to meet his daughter. Before he can do so he is shot by Inamdar. Yet before dying he manages to shoot Inamdar. Pundit has a last look at his daughter before finally dropping dead.  Maximum had a poor opening facing heavy competition for The Amazing Spider-man. The second week also went poorly, as the much awaited release Bol Bachchan released.On the third week,it almost disappeared from cinemas due to release of Cocktail and was declared a disaster grossing only Rs 2.25 crore at box office."] ['Simran  loves Bollywood romances&mdash;so much so that her life has begun to resemble one. With her awesome job and a "Mr. Perfect" fiancé, Raj , she lives a dreamy life. But then comes Jay ([[Imran Khan , who brings a fresh joy into her life. Jay is an assistant to a director who is famous for his love story films; however, Jay hates love stories. He is a Casanova and a disbeliever of love. He first hates Simran for her obsession with romance, and Simran also has a bad impression of him, but soon after, the two become best friends. Simran\'s close bond with Jay brings problems in her love life with her fiancé, Raj. She feels that Raj is not right for her, and falls deeply in love with Jay, dreaming of spending her entire life with him. She decides to confess her feelings to him, but after doing so, Jay explains that he never thought of her that way--they were only best friends. Heartbroken, Simran leaves. She moves from Mumbai to New Zealand for further shooting of the film and its premiere, and does not speak to Jay. Jay finds that her absence in his life upsets him and realizes that he has fallen in love with her. He goes to New Zealand and plans a romantic dinner, asking Simran to meet him. He admits that he loves her but this time, she rejects him, as she does not want to hurt Raj\'s feelings after giving him another chance. A brokenhearted Jay tries to accept the fact that he has lost Simran to Raj. However, Jay\'s friends and his mother persuade him to not give up on Simran. Jay tries to make Simran jealous to make her come back but soon realizes that manipulating her feelings will hurt her even more. Meanwhile, Raj proposes to Simran, and she accepts. But later, Simran realizes she doesn\'t love Raj, and tells him so. She goes to the movie premiere, where she hopes to meet Jay. On the other hand, Jay is leaving, as he has given up all hopes of being with Simran. At the airport, he talks to his mother and she again asks him not to give up. Encouraged, Jay runs back to the premiere. He finds Simran outside the theater and the two express their love for each other and hug, finally getting their happy ending.'] ['The story is about a doctor played by Vishnuvardhan who falls in love with his student doctor played by Suhasini. Vishnuvardhan tries to tell his feelings to her but fails to do so. When he finally musters courage to tell her that he loves her she tells him that her marriage is fixed to Jai Jagadeesh her childhood friend and thinks of him like a guru. Vishnuvardhan cannot forget her and slowly withdraws into a shell. His mother tries to get him out of this shell but dies because of burns. Meanwhile, Jai Jagadeesh starts suspecting his wife because she gives importance to hospital and not him and starts misbehaving with her at home. Suhasini discovers that Vishnuvardhan has heart enlargement and may not survive for long. Since he has no family she starts taking more care of him in hospital. This frustrates her husband even more and he misunderstands Vishnuvardhan and fights with him in the hospital. Suhasini goes to her residence to explain to her husband but discovers that her husband has abused a lady who was staying in their house. She decides to leave him but Vishnuvardhan tries to convince her husband that his relationship with Suhasini is pure and he has misunderstood them. Jai Jagadeesh misbehaves with Vishnuvardhan and Suhasini gets hurt while trying to make sense with her husband. Finally Vishnuvardhan saves the baby but dies. Suhasini divorces her husband and moves on with her just born child.'] ["The film opens with the family of Chatterjee, who lives with his wife and baby son Aladin. When out on a holiday, Chatterjee is attacked by a gang who are searching for a magic lamp, which Chatterjee has hidden somewhere. Chatterjee and his wife are murdered, and Aladin is raised up by his grandad. After the death of his grandad, grown Aladin Chatterjee  lives in the fictional city of Khwaish. He is lonely, and bullied by Kasim  and his gang members since his childhood. But his life changes when Jasmine  enters the city, and the two fall in love with each other. Jasmine gifts Aladin a magic lamp for his birthday, and it turns out the magic lamp is the one that was being searched by his father's murderers. Aladin opens the lamp, and soon enough, it lets loose the genie, Genius . Desperate to grant him three wishes and to seek the end of his contract with the magic lamp, the rock-star Genius makes Aladin's life rocking and lovely. Aladin is freed from Kasim's jungle, Kasim is taught a lesson by Genius, and Jasmine is in a relationship with Aladin. He is living life perfectly, until the real threat looms on the horizon - the ex-genie, Ringmaster . Ringmaster is searching for the magic lamp, and with the help of his circus gang kidnaps Jasmine. Genius and Aladin realize she has been kidnapped, and soon enough, a informer explains to Aladin that Genius had murdered the rest of his family. Aladin insults Genius and leaves him. Whilst heartbroken Genius goes to rescue Jasmine. As he arrives, it is revealed that the Ringmaster is the one that actually killed Aladin's family, as he has been searching for the magic lamp for a long time, and Aladin's parents found it before him, and were punished for it. Aladin understands Genius is innocent, and arrives to help him. They succeed in rescuing Jasmine, but at the cost of Genius' magic. Ringmaster's plan is then completely revealed: he plans to use Genius' magic in a ritual to steal the reflection of an approaching comet, getting back his genie powers as a result. Genius, Aladdin and Jasmine intervene, however, and Aladdin is the one to get the comet's reflection. Genius, having regained his powers, seals Ringmaster inside a mirror and then shatters it, and Ringmaster's gang is finished as well. In the end, the trio happily gets back to the city, Aladin and Jasmine are a couple, and after earning special superpowers from the comet, Aladin gives Kasim yet another lesson."] ['Radhe Mohan , a rowdy ex-college boy who, after a ragging  session, loses his heart to first year student Nirjara , a traditional Brahmin girl. Just when Nirjara reciprocates his love, Radhey is attacked by a gang of thugs, loses his mind and is admitted to an ashram where, it is hoped, the more traditional means of treatment could have a therapeutic effect on him. Eventually he returns to normal, and rushes back to Nijaras house, only to find that she has committed suicide, because her family were forcing her to marry another man. After accepting this fact he returns to the ashram. In the end it shows Swamiji tending to nothing meaning that Radhey has been cured and has left the ashram fine except for the fact that he lost his love.'] ["The film begins in 1857, when India was ruled by the British East India Company. Mangal Pandey  is a sepoy, a soldier of Indian origin, in the army of the East India Company. Pandey is fighting in the Anglo-Afghan Wars and saves the life of his British commanding officer, William Gordon . Gordon is indebted to Pandey and a strong friendship develops between them, transcending both rank and race. Gordon rescues a young widow, Jwala , from committing Sati . Afterwards, he falls in love with her. Meanwhile, Heera  has been sold into prostitution, to work for Lol Bibi . There is a spark of attraction between her and Pandey and a liaison follows. Gordon and Pandey's friendship is challenged following the introduction of a new rifle, the Enfield rifled musket. In reality as in the film, rumors began to spread among the sepoys that the paper cartridges that held the powder and ball for the rifle were greased with either pig fat or beef tallow. Since the process of loading the cartridge required the soldier to bite the cartridge open to pour in the loose powder, the soldiers believed that the process would require them to consume pork or beef - an act abhorrent concept to Muslim and Hindu soldiers, respectively, for religious reasons. In the film, Gordon investigates, and is told to assure Pandey that the cartridges are free from pollution. Demonstrating his total trust in Gordon, Mangal bites the cartridge. But Pandey soon discovers that the cartridges really are greased by animal fat. The rumour of this imposed pollution is the spark that ignites the powder keg of resentment in the country. Mutiny breaks out, led by Pandey. At one point Pandey and Gordon become involved in direct hand-to-hand combat as the latter tries to dissuade the sepoy from what he believes to be a futile exercise that will lead to only death. However, the Company was prepared and brought in British army units from Rangoon and Pandey was captured and executed, despite the protestations of Gordon, who reasons that Pandey will be revered as a martyr and that his legacy will cause more uprising. Mangal will marry Heera. This turns out to be correct, as the film closes to scenes of nationwide revolt against British rule. The film ends with a montage of drawings of the historical rebellion and the narrator describes the progress of the Indian independence movement over the next century. The montage ends with documentary footage of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi leading the Indian National Congress during peaceful protests against British rule in the 1940s, eventually forcing an end to colonialism in the subcontinent."] [' The movie begins at present day with Saket Ram , an 89-year-old Hindu man at his death bed. The scene reverts to the past as Saket remembers the 1940s, when he and his good friend, Amjad Ali Khan  are archaeologists working together under their boss, Mortimer Wheeler, in Mohenjo-daro  in the then North-West India. Relations are pleasant between the Indians and the English, and Saket and Amjad do not approve of Partition and the creation of Pakistan.  Aparna Ram , Saket\'s simple Bengali wife, is a school teacher. She lives in Calcutta in the midst of riots and chaos over the issue of the formation of Pakistan and the call by Mohammad Ali Jinnah for "Direct Action". Saket goes to Calcutta and is swept into the madness. In one instance, Saket saves an innocent Sikh girl from the hands of a barbaric Muslim gang. When he returns to his house, he finds a group of Muslims entering his house. They brutally rape and murder Aparna. Saket, unable to cope with his tragic loss, kills the Muslims who raped and killed his wife in a fit of rage. Outside his house, he runs into Sriram Abhyankar , who is part of a Hindu militant group determined to fight the Muslims\' malice with similar brute force, and assassinate Gandhi for what they perceive to be his treachery towards Hindu dominated India . However, Abhyankar and his fellow extremists had lost patience at what they deemed Mahatma Gandhi\'s unreasonable stand to appease Pakistan, who had already invaded Kashmir by that time. Gandhi was pressuring the newly founded Indian state to pay Rs. 62 Crore to Pakistan and some territorial concessions as well. Urged by family to remarry, he weds Mythili . However, on a trip to Maharashtra, he reunites with Abhyankar and becomes a part of his militant organisation that plots to do away with Gandhi. Due to an horse-riding accident, Abhyankar is left a quadriplegic and has Ram swear that he will carry on his work, that of killing the Mahatma. Saket comes to the belief that Mahatma Gandhi  is solely responsible for the division of India and of the two religions and also of having supported whom they viewed as the enemy. Hindu fundamentalists, including Saket, are furious and plot to murder Gandhi. However, Saket, after several incidents surrounding and leading to Amjad\'s death , changes his mind about Gandhi. He decides against assassinating the leader, and attempts to beg for forgiveness. Soon afterwards, Gandhi is killed by another assassin, Nathuram Godse. Ironically, Gandhi dies without his famous last words: "Hey Ram!" as popularly believed, and as in Richard Attenborough\'s film Gandhi. Then on, Saket Ram lives by Gandhian principles. As the 89-year-old Saket Ram is being taken to the hospital, he is told of bomb blasts in the city due to Hindu-Muslim communal riots. He asks "Innuma ?". They are forced by the police to be taken into an underground shelter for their security, but Saket Ram dies there. In his funeral,Gandhiji\'s grandson comes and sees Saket\'s private room which is full of historical photos. Saket\'s grandson hands over Gandhi\'s footwear and spectacle which Saket had previously collected from the place of shootout and had treasured it all the while.'] ["Ghulami has music and lyrics by Laxmikant Pyarelal and Gulzar respectively. The film focuses on the caste and feudal system in Rajasthan and a rebellion started by the Jats under Ranjit Singh Choudhary , against the Thakur landlords. And it was based on a real story of a school master Ranjit Singh Choudhary. Ghulami was the maiden venture of now well-known filmmaker, J.P. Dutta. It's a thought-provoking movie, baring the bitter truth of the slavery of the downtrodden Indian poor peasant to the heartless Indian caste system as well as poverty. The poor peasant  takes birth in a loan which had been taken by his ancestors and dies in loan, leaving it for his next generation; his land and belongings are always under the threat of confiscation due to non-payment of the loan and worstly the honour of the ladies of his family is under constant threat from the lusty landlords, still enjoying the undesirable benefits of the feudalistic landownership system continuing for centuries in the rural India. On 15 August 1947, our country got independence but the poor peasants are still accurst to bear the brunt of the slavery of the mighty. Ghulami  was the maiden directorial venture of J.P. Dutta whose story was written by his father, O.P. Dutta. He has presented the story of a well-educated and but full of self-respect peasant  who unfortunately finds himself on the lower rung of the ladder of the social structure because of his birth. The daughter of the supercilious landlord, though, possesses a different nature and outlook and she  is a close friend of him. The police of the village, as usual, is sold in the hands of the landlord  and join hands with him and his arrogant and lustful sons  to oppress and humiliate the already victimized by misusing the power of the uniform. A like-minded ex-serviceman  join hands with him and a lower-caste kind-hearted Hawaldar  also comes to his side after losing his son in an confrontation with the upper caste and rich mighties who don't allow the lower caste grooms to ride a horse. The main protagonist has to become a bandit in the eyes of the law to save the land and the honour of the hundreds of peasants, leaving his pregnant wife  behind. The husband of his friend  is a senior police officer  who also becomes his enemy on personal level after knowing about his friendship with his wife. The violence-ridden climax underscores this harsh reality only that the rebels die, the cruel and unjust system doesn't. The complete background and the milieu is highly realistic and impressive - the sand dunes, the Hawelis, the village lanes, the tattered houses of the poor and even the Police Chowki. The narrative is in complete synchronization with the milieu nowhere the movie renders an air of being an imaginary story. Almost everything looked real. The narrative is spellbinding. Right from the very first frame to the very last frame, the movie is able to keep the viewer tied to his seat with his eyes glued to the screen. The screenplay swiftly moves from scene to scene and J.P. Dutta has demonstrated his better sense by keeping the movie completely free from meaningless comedy and unrealistic romance. The love-angles are touching, not titillating. The music of Laxmikant Pyarelal the meaningful songs  having been penned by Gulzar. The best one is definitely Jeehaal-e-Muskin Mukon Ba-Ranjish Bahaal-e-Hijra Bechaara Dil Hai . Mere Pee Ko Pawan is an underrated excellent song. The third one is Pee Le Pee Le which is also good to listen and better to watch. The impressive, meaningful and touching dialogues are another highlight of this movie. The production value is quite high and the cinematographer has marvelled in not only capturing the beauty of rural Rajasthan but also creating impact through the shadows in certain scenes. J.P. Dutta possess the knack to extract the best from his caste. All the main characters - Dharmendra, Mithun Chakraborty, Nasiruddin Shah, Kulbhushan Kharbanda etc. have delivered their best. Leading ladies- Smita Patil, Reena Roy and Anita Raj also have done pretty well in their low-profile roles in this male-dominated movies. Supporting caste  has also done justice to the respective roles assigned. Except the over-the-top Anjan Shrvastav , all look flesh and blood human-beings. Ghulami is an outstanding movie which was a box-office hit also. To understand the caste-ridden class-conflicts and related dynamics in India, this movie can be used just like a textbook."] ["Preeti Virat  is a young, vivacious and naive woman. She comes forward as a witness to heinous assault carried by Bhavani Choudhry and his men on a person who owes them money. Her testimony angers the Choudhry family and, as a result, Choudhry's brother rapes her. Subsequently, she becomes a disgrace even to her own family. Disowned by her family and secluded by society, she leaves her house. She finds shelter with a courteous man called Avinash . Avinash, who had met her once before, takes her to his apartment. This act invites a social opprobrium and strong uproar over both of them, and there is no other solution but marriage. They soon fall in love, and Avinash decides to ask Preeti for marriage. She refuses as she considers herself unworthy of him. After some time, Avinash's childhood friend Khushi  returns from America, and she seems to be very much in love with him. This is followed by couple of troubles, the main of them being Preeti's police arrest under the charge of prostitution, which is a complaint filed by Avinash's dad. At the end Avinash and Preeti finally realise that they love each other."] ["Two college students  are getting married. Since both were talented students, their college holds a little function for them. After the function, they head for their honeymoon through a road passing through a small hamlet. Their car breaks down, they stop for a while and suddenly the hero starts having visions. He asks local people about certain landmarks of the village; landmarks the couple wouldn't have known since they were destroyed years before they were even born. While trying to find the explanation, the couple realize that their story starts well before their birth dates. Milan is a story of two lovers killed tragically in a past life and reunited where it all started."] ["Vikram ([[Arbaaz Khan  is an overreactive husband. He can't control his anger and rage and he continuously beats his new wife, Priya . One day Vikram and Priya go to celebrate her birthday on a boat. But the boat gets stuck in a storm and Priya escapes during the mayhem. Vikram thinks that she drowned. Instead, she runs away to Shimla. There she meets Raj Malhotra. He falls in love with her, but she always is getting farther away from him. Later when she gets sick of him following her, she asks her mother what she should do. Her mother asks her to reveal to him the truth about her marriage. Then it will be his choice to accept her or not. Priya writes him a letter tabout her past life. She asks Hari  to give it to Raj. Hari misplaces the letter and gets someone to write a new one. Raj gets this other letter which contains nothing but a poem. When he finds out she is married, he leaves her. After Hari finds the original letter, he gives it to Raj. Raj falls in love with Priya again and decides to marry her. One day Vikram sees Priya's picture in the newspaper and finds out that she is alive. He cancels his ticket for Goa and goes to Shimla. In Shimla, he searches for her. On finding that she is getting married, he tries to kill Raj but fails. So he sends Raj to prison instead. Later he goes to Priya's house and kills her friend and attempts to kill Priya as well. In the climax, Vikram gets into a fight with Raj while Raj was trying to save Priya from being killed by Vikram. Vikram drowns Raj in a bathtub full of water. While Raj supposedly dies, Vikram attacks Priya again and she runs to a nearby rail station. There, Vikram's feet gets stuck on a railway track as he was chasing Priya. Seeing this, Priya tries to save Vikram as a train is approaching them fast. She tells him to move. Seeing Priya's love for him despite his abusive behaviour, he pushes her away just before a train hits him."] ["Mridula is a headstrong, opinionated girl who along with her best friend Swati, go to college together. The two are really close and do everything together. They successfully finish their education, and go on to marry into respective families. Mridula marries Milind D. Khanna, the son of top lawyer Deepak Khanna  and Swati marries Ajay Lal, the son of a high ranked politician. Many years pass, and Mridula now a lawyer hears from a friend that Swati has committed suicide. Her friend tells her the circumstances surrounding her death and Mridula suspects that Swati's death was far from suicide. Mridula gets hold of Swati's diary in which she chronicled her daily thoughts. After reading the diary, Mridula is convinced that Swati was murdered by her in-laws and husband. Determined to get justice for her deceased friend, Mridula decides to fight the case against the Lal family. Unfortunately, her father-in-law is fighting the case for the Lal's. Milind tries to convince Mridula to drop the case but she refuses, causing a rift between husband and wife. During the rift she finds support with her mother-in-law, Uttara Khanna  who urges her to fight for justice. Mridula is caught between being a dutiful wife and a loyal friend. As she fights the case, her family and more importantly her unborn child are placed in danger by supporters of the Lal family..."] ["Kishan and Bishan are childhood friends. Kishan is an orphan but who is self-sufficient and hard-working, while Bishan comes from an affluent background. The friendship between the two is extremely strong and is the bane of Bishan's uncle who has his eyes on his widowed sister's wealth. In a bid to separate the two friends the uncle manipulates his sister into sending Bishan away to the city and then abroad for further education. When the two friends re-unite years later, Bishan  discovers that Kishan  has a great voice. Bishan is now a successful businessman and he wants to promote Kishan's singing talent. Kishan goes to the city with his friend, where Bishan asks Komal  to groom him to be a performer and a gentleman. Kishan tries to get expelled from the process by being uncooperative and disruptive. In the meantime, Bishan discovers that the family wealth has been systematically looted over the last 18 years by the uncle and his son. He is forced to borrow by mortgaging his remaining assets in order to ensure that Kishan becomes a successful singer. This causes a major rift between Bishan and his wife who is convinced that Kishan will turn his back on his friend if he were to ever succeed. Kishan's debut concert is a huge success & he goes on to donate the proceeds of his earning & consequent record deals to rid his friend Bishan of his many mortgages & in order to help woo his estranged sister & lovable nephew  in law back into the house. Kishan proceeds to becomes a star and Komal  - his trainer professes her love for him. Bishan in the meanwhile falls into a conspiracy further set by his treacherous uncle  & cousin . He is kidnapped alongside several hostages - primarily children on his shipping vessle, brainwashed & tortured & forced to sign a confession that all the misdeeds have been done by him. Bishan loses his mental stability & goes into shock He is then thrown into an asylum after he loses his mind & suffers from Amnesia. Kishan pretends to be mad & admits himself in the asylum by tricking the authorities & saves his friend by reviving his memory successfully by feeding him rotis as he used to when they were children. The climax follows the typical action confrontation formula reminiscent of films in that era where there are big explosions & the heroes single handedly take on hoardes of goons. The movie ends with the children - hostages being saved, the family uniting & the treacherous mastermind  being sent to jail. Amitabh was at his peak in this film. His comic timing was excellent and his acting flawless. He truly does carry this film entirely with his bravura performance & Amjad Khan was praised for his portrayal of a doting friend. The film is still appealing thirty odd years later, primarily due to Amitabh and the late Amjad Khan. This movie also marks a breakthrough in the musical career of Rajesh Roshan... An eminent composer for Hindi Movies - primarily collaborating on projects with his brother Rakesh Roshan & nephew - Superstar Hrithik Roshan."] [' The movie starts off in a quaint rural village where an elderly man, Yogesh\'s grandfather is eagerly awaiting the postman. Upon the postman\'s arrival, he gets a card addressed to him from his youngest grandson Yogesh. He decides then and there that his inheritance will go to Yogesh. The scene then flips to Mumbai, where Yogesh\'s family is consulting an astrologer to find out whether their eldest son Jitu, is destined for jail, as he has many pending debts. They are relieved to hear he is not, and gives the astrologer their younger son, Yogesh\'s birth date to find out what his future is. The astrologer is astonished to see that Yogesh, will come into much money if he is married on the 20th of that month, and right then a phone call comes. The family is overjoyed to see that their grandfather has made Yogesh the sole heir to his property. The movie then flips to Chicago where you see Yogesh, a very successful young man with a high paying job. He gets an SMS that his father has had a heart attack and comes rushing to Mumbai. When he arrives he finds out that he was lied to by Jitu. The family then explains the situation that, Jitu owes a very rich man 2.5 crores, which he whiled away in gambling, and if Yogesh doesn’t marry on the 20th, then Jitu will go to jail. Yogesh is adamant at first that he will NOT marry, but then Jitu pulls him aside and tells him that there is more. He had also borrowed 1.5 crores from a mob boss who was on his tail to pay him back and that if he doesn\'t, he is afraid he will be killed. His parents don’t know about it and he wants to keep it that way. Yogesh is annoyed but agrees to marry. At this time they are standing outside the apartment where they live when two rough looking men come up to Jitu and say that boss wants to meet you, they then take Jitu and Yogesh to meet him where Jitu promises the mob boss that his money will be delivered on the day of the wedding during the reception. The mob boss agrees but threatens them that if he doesn’t get his money, he will cut their fingers off. Yogesh then goes to meet with his uncle and father. His Uncle Devu had posted an ad with Yogesh\'s photo, and 176 girls had replied. Yogesh realised he couldn’t see so many girls at once so he decides that he will see one girl from each raashee  after reading a book about raashee\'s the previous night. After their meeting, Uncle Devu’s wife comes to ask a favour from Yogesh\'s father. She asks for him to assign a private detective to follow her husband because she suspects that he is cheating on her. When his father tries to find one he finds out the astrologer is also a private detective. They agree that he will tail Devu to find out the girls name and address. Then Devu takes Yogesh to meet the girls. The plot then evolves into a series of meetings with each of the twelve girls, and many songs corresponding to each one.  During this time, the sub-plot with the detective moves forward as well, and he identifies the mistress as a lady named Anila. When Yogesh has met with most of the girls, one of them, Sanjana meets him and asks if they can talk in private. He agrees and while he packs his things from his bedroom Sanjana talks to him about how a boy has agreed to marry her and her uncle and aunt are ignoring her refusal. She asks that Yogesh accepts her proposal long enough for her to figure out something about her boyfriend. He accepts after telling her about his own problems with Jitu. Sanjana is touched that Yogesh is still willing to help her even with all of his problems and hugs him. Right at this moment Devu walks in and thinks he has interrupted their "moment". Sanjana wants to explain to him that he has got it all wrong and runs after him. Downstairs the private detective is still tailing Devu. He doesn\'t know that Devu has been staying with Anila at the hotel and watches the meeting between Sanjana and Devu take place. He watches Devu talk to her, then Sanjana shows him a picture, but when he says something, she gets angry and tries to leave. Devu stops her and she bursts into tears crying into his shoulder while he holds her. They then get up and go to Devu\'s car and drive off. Yogesh\'s father arrives at the hotel because the detective sent him the pictures he snapped of Sanjana and Devu as Yogesh himself is coming down the stairs. The private detective tells them he believes that Devu is having an affair with Sanjana. Yogesh thinks back and realises that it\'s true. After seeing the pictures that the detective took, he is certain. Yogesh asks the detective to send the pictures to his phone. Then Anila comes downstairs asking where Devu is. He shows her the photos and says that the detective says he and Sanjana went to Khandala, a hill-station near Mumbai. The detective tells Devu\'s wife the same thing. Both find Devu at a hotel with Sanjana. Anila and Devu\'s wife both ask who the other is. Sanjana says hi to them politely but they take no notice. The scene changes to Yogesh and Devu getting in a car, both are angry with each other because Devu thinks that Yogesh betrayed him and Yogesh is angry at him for messing around with Sanjana. After seeing the last girl, that night, Yogesh\'s mother talks to him, and apologises for making him go through this trouble, and tells him to choose who his heart wants, not his mind. While dreaming, Yogesh sees all the girls  and in the morning, decides who he will marry. He arrives at Rajni\'s office, obviously going only because she offered 5 crores of dowry, even though Yogesh refused, when he discovers that his friend and Rajni are to be married. He leaves, very relieved and goes to his Devu\'s place. He says that he wants to marry Vishakha, and Devu dials the phone only to reject her. He says that there is no need to marry her, because he has found out about Jitu\'s debt, and says that he will choose Yogesh\'s bride himself. The next day he asks his uncle to tell him the name of his bride, but Devu says to be patient. When the bride enters, Yogesh cannot tell, because they all looked the same. When they are finished with the rounds around the marriage fire, Devu welcomes the father of the bride as Sanjana\'s father. Yogesh is staggered, and at this time Yogesh\'s grandfather appears and brings with him all the money needed to pay off Jitu\'s various debts. He explains that Devu called him and explained what was going on. While the pay off is occurring, Yogesh pulls Devu aside to ask him how he had arranged for Sanjana to marry him. Devu explains that the afternoon where Sanjana had followed him to explain that she and Yogesh were not romantically linked she had shown him a picture of her and her boyfriend together. He said he had been shocked because he had seen the same man in Khandala kissing another woman. This was why Sanjana had been angry, and ended up crying so he took her to Khandala to prove to her that he had been right. That\'s why he had been at the hotel because Sanjana had gone to confront her boyfriend. In the end she was crying on his shoulder, when Anila and his wife Kanta both showed up. He then asked Sanjana if she would marry Yogesh and she agreed instantly because she realised she loved him. Upon hearing this, Yogesh realised he loved Sanjana as well. They are happily married and the movie ends with everyone asking Yogesh what his raashee is.'] ["Madhusudhana Rao aka Chinnababu  is a wannabe football player, who would like to represent his country. Chinnababu is also the youngest son of Narasimham . Chinnababu is in love with his childhood friend and neighbour Priyadarshani . Despite his father's efforts to stop him, Chinnababu's love towards football grows and his coach encourages him to participate in leagues. Priyadarshani supports him in all his endeavours. Chinnababu's younger sister's marriage gets fixed and unable to arrange enough money for the marriage. Narasimham asks his sons to contribute. But, his sons, who are controlled by their wives deny any help. Frustrated Narasimham tries to sell his house. But, Chinnababu stops him in the last moment and sends him money, saying that his elder sister sent it. His sister's marriage is done uninterrupted, without Chinnababu's presence. After marriage his elder sister arrives and denys that she sent any money. Surprised and shocked chiru's family later learns that Chinnababu donated one of his kidney to save a rich man's heir and sent that money. Narasimham appreciates his son's efforts, for not even bothering about his football career and saving his house on time."] ["Gopal , who lives with his soap-drama-watching-wife Ekta , sister Esha  and a mute brother-in-law Lucky , gets stuck in a yacht one night after he saves an attractive young woman Meera  from some dreaded goons, while on his way back home from the office. Due to the circumstances, both of them stay back on the yacht. When he arrives home the next day, his over suspicious wife Ekta, suspects him of flirting around with his female employees and having an affair with unknown woman. Knowing how difficult it is to convince her the incident that actually took place the previous night, he invents a story about spending the night with a fictitious friend named Anthony Gonsalves. Ekta becomes suspicious and does not believe his story as she knows that he never had a friend by that name, and hence, she decides to write to Anthony to come and visit her for satisfaction and to confirm Gopal was telling the truth. Gopal then convinces one of his juniors, Laxman Prasad  ― who is Meera's boyfriend, which is not known to Gopal ― to pretend to be Anthony, and meet and convince Ekta that he was indeed telling the truth, in return for a job. Laxman agrees to do so, and everything goes according to plan until the address on which Ekta had written a letter to Anthony turns out to be real. Meanwhile, Gopal finds out that a dead body was found at the same location where he saved Meera from the goons. Investigating Officer Madhav , who also happens to be Esha’s boyfriend, does not get along with Gopal. He finds out that Gopal was missing from his home that very night and that the dead person was Gopal's colleague and Gopal had threatened to kill him over a spat. Madhav also finds out that Lakshman is not the real Anthony. He asks Gopal to get Meera to the police station to prove that Gopal had been with her, not murdering his employee. In panic, his friends hire a woman called Munni  who needs money to get her boyfriend Vasuli  out of jail. But Munni is kidnapped by the murderer. In a rage, Vasuli comes to Meera's house, where Laxman and Lucky learn the woman was none other than Meera whom which Gopal had saved from the goons that night. After an initial shock, they decide to go to the police station. However, Vasuli kidnaps Meera in anger, and they follow him, along with Madhav, Esha and Ekta in tow. Gopal learns that this was a plot concocted by his employer, Sawant  to frame him for the murder. The drama grows, as everyone attempts suicide, much to Sawant's anger. Finally, Sawant goes crazy and kills himself. Ekta and Gopal get back together in the end. Lucky meanwhile marries the daughter of the president of Gopal's company, and becomes the new boss, giving a shock to the others. Gopal and Lakshman are the junior bosses while Madhav is a 24 hour guard for Lucky."] ['Abdul is a truck driver with alcohol and depression problems so much so that he would like to end his life. One day another truck driver shows him a newspaper advertisement that offers help for suicide-ridden youth. Abdul decides to try them out and travels all the way to the countryside. Once there he is joined by four other youth, including a printing press proof-reader, Prakash Raikar; a young woman, Maya, who had been molested and hates men, as well as two other males, which include Sunil, who is gay. They meet with the person who placed the advertisement, a wheelchair-using former Indian Army Major Vishwas Sawant and his assistant, Vasu Mudaliar. Little do they know that they have been specially chosen to die by the duo, who are not who they claim to be but are actually escaped convicts by the names of Jagga and Badri.'] ["Raja is a minor league crook who sells railway tickets on the black market at Amirpur Station. Tired of his job he looks for new ways to make a quick buck. One day, along with his friend Ghafoor  and a police inspector , he robs Rs 2.5 million from the railway treasury. Later, Raja and Ghafoor bump off the inspector and run away with the loot to Bombay. At Bombay airport, Raja sets eyes on psychiatrist Dr Neha  and promptly falls in love with her. Raja and Ghafoor quickly find out where she lives. Ghafoor pretends to be a psychiatric patient while Raja takes on the name Raj Kumar and befriends her, telling her he has just returned from the U.S. However, Ghafoor cautions Raja not to hurry and be patient in matters of love. The trouble begins when Bunnu , the son of a wealthy businessman , is sent to Neha for treatment. He is crazy, and terrified of fire, heights, running, and water. Soon, he too falls for Neha and discovers he has a rival who is Raja. Suddenly, Neha has to leave for Ooty with her father  to attend her uncle's  wedding. She does not leave behind a forwarding address. Both Raja and Bunnu impersonate policemen and intimidate her secretary into revealing where she is. Dr Neha is thrilled to see them in Ooty but is drawn closer to the ill Bunnu rather than Raja. Things take an ugly turn when Ghafoor tries to kill Bunnu, who escapes. Bunnu contacts contract killer Pappu Pager  to bump off Raja. However, that plan too comes a cropper. Armed with a gold ring and garland, Neha calls Bunnu and Raja to court, ostensibly with the purpose of marriage. Both are surprised to see the other there. Then they find out, Neha was getting married to someone else, Prem . Raveena Tandon makes a special appearance in the end."] ['On a stormy night, Devendra , an engineer, drives down a hill road with his friend, to fetch his wife and child from the railway station. A landslide blocks their path and the friends take shelter in an old mansion just off the road. Devendra finds the house uncannily familiar. In the large front room he finds an old portrait which he recognizes. His friend and the old caretaker join him, and Devendra, amidst flashes of memory from another life, sits down to tell his story while the storm rages outside. Anand  had come to Shyamnagar Timber Estate as its new manager. An artist in his spare time, he roamed the hills and forests with his sketching pad and fell in love with Madhumati , a tribal girl whose songs have haunted him from a distance. Soon Anand meets his employer, Ugranarayan , a ruthless and arrogant man. Anand refuses to bend down to him like the others, and incurs his wrath. Anand also has enemies among his staff who have been fudging the accounts till his arrival. Sent away on an errand suddenly, he returns to find that Madhumati has disappeared. Anand learns from Charandas how Madhumati had been taken to Ugranarayan in his absence. He confronts Ugranarayan whose men beat him unconscious. Anand\'s life is saved, but his mind wanders. One day in the forest he meets a girl who looks exactly like Madhumati. She says she is Madhavi , but Anand refuses to believe her and is beaten up by her companions when he tries to plead with her. Madhavi finds a sketch of Madhumati in the forest and realizes he was speaking the truth. She takes the sketch to the rest house where Anand now stays and learns his story from Charandas. Meanwhile Anand is haunted by the spirit of Madhumati who tells him that Ugranarayan is her killer. Seeing Madhavi at a dance recital where she dresses as a tribal girl, he appeals to her to pose as Madhumati and appear before Ugranarayan and help him get a confession out of him. She agrees. Returning to Ugranarayan\'s palace, Anand begs permission to do a portrait of him. Next evening with a storm brewing outside Anand paints Ugranarayan. At the stroke of eight, Ugranarayan sees the pretend-Madhumati in front of him. Shaken, and goaded by the pretend-Madhumati, he confesses the truth. The police who have been waiting outside the room now come and take him away. Anand suddenly realizes that the questions "Madhavi" asked were on matters unknown to him. How could Madhavi know where Madhumati was buried? "Madhavi" just smiles and moves towards the stairs. Now the real Madhavi, dressed as Madhumati, rushes into the room. She is late, for the car failed on the way. Anand realizes that Madhumati\'s ghost had made an appearance, and runs up to the terrace where the ghost beckons to him. Madhumati had fallen from the same terrace trying to escape Ugranarayan. Anand follows the ghost, falling to his own death. Devendra\'s story is over. "But," he says "I finally did have Madhumati as my wife. In this life&nbsp;— Radha." Just then news arrives that the train in which his wife was traveling has met with an accident. The road the friends were to take is cleared, and the they rush to the station. From one of the coaches, Devendra\'s wife Radha  appears unhurt with her baby.'] ['Maharaj Singh is a proud owner of several derby-winning stallions, and lives in a palatial farmhouse with his wife, Rukmini and young son, Chimpoo. One day dacoits attack his farmhouse with a view of stealing the stallions, but Maharaj fights them, killing the son of the leader of the dacoits, Maan Singh. Maan Singh swears to avenge the death of his son, and abducts Chimpoo. Years later, a servant of Maharaj, Ram Singh, brings a young man named Badal into the Singhs lives, and tells them that he is their missing son Chimpoo. Both Maharaj, Rukmini, and their daughter, Sunita, are delighted at having Chimpoo back in their lives. Then Badal and Sunita fall in love with each other. It is then Badal confesses to Maharaj that he is not Chimpoo, but a former convicted jailbird, who was asked to impersonate him by an embittered Ram Singh. Maharaj does not want to relay this information to an ailing Rukmini, and decides to keep it quiet for the rest of their lives. But sooner or later Rukmini is bound to find out - especially when Badal and Sunita openly show their love - will this shock of an intimate brother and a sister spare her or has fate something else in store for her?'] ["The story narrates two female protagonists Anushka  and Ahana . Anushka is married to an elderly man Ravi . He is a widower and ties the knot with her second time after his first wife unknown death named Pooja. Anushka's mother refuses to accept their marriage. Ahana is Anushka's sister. The couple begin their journey in a new purchased home by Ravi 2 years ago. Anushka's life takes a unexpected twist. She tells this to her husband who thinks that she is only hallucinating and they decide to go back to their previous home but the horror does not seem to stop in this house either. Anushka suspects that Pooja  is behind all of these nerve breaking incidents. She seek the advice from a healer  who tells her about the cursed house that who ever will pass from the shadow of that house will be cursed and die a painful death. He gives her a Yantra which can only protect her and will not free her from the curse. When Ahana tries to discover the story behind the incidents her husbnd and sister-in -law get murdered. She is also charged with the murder and taken to an asylum. She tries to reach her sister but she is unable to. By sensing a problem, Ahana starts a journey to reach her sister. In hotel where Ahana was staying she meets Ranvir  a CBI officer who is incharge of this case. Ranveer informs her about the charge levied on Anushka and her escape in asylum. Ranveer and Ahana together refuse to follow the same path but their destination is Anushka. Now they are cursed by the shadow of the house in the journey. As they move further they also meet the same healer who helps them to unfold the mysteries behind the house. The story continues with thrill and excitement. It slowly reveals the secret behind the cursed house."] ["Chameli is the story of a prostitute played by Kareena Kapoor. Aman Kapoor  an investment banker, lost his pregnant wife, Neha  in a car accident on a rainy night. The accident left him depressed and lonely. He drowned his grief with alcohol and smoking. Chameli  is a prostitute who was sold to a brothel by her uncle when she was young. She is now a tough, street-smart woman. On one rainy night, Aman and Chameli, two strangers, meet each other in South Mumbai. The movie starts with Aman narrating, in a party he is throwing but is reluctant to attend. He gets in his car after it starts raining to go home, but at the gate of his residence he decides to go elsewhere. On the way his car breaks down, and his cell phone battery dies and he takes refuge in an alleyway where he meets Chameli. She is plying her trade, and offers him a match for his cigarette. He is initially repulsed by her, but when he scares off a potential customer, he offers to pay for her missed wages. At this point, a young boy comes selling coffee and cigarettes. Chameli is familiar with him and pays his school fees. He promises to come back with a mechanic to fix Aman's stalled vehicle. Next to appear is Raja, who is in love with Haseena, and has made off with Rs 50,000 from his father's safe. Chameli consoles him and takes him away, when Haseena makes an appearance. She is a eunuch, and when Chameli returns, she advises Haseena to run away with Raju to another city with the money. Raju's father and his henchmen turn up looking for them but leave soon afterwards. Chameli's pimp, Usman, has rented her out to Naik, which she isn't very keen on. She avoids Naik's men, and Aman and she go to Sweety bar to meet Usman. There, Aman offers to pay off the rest of the amount that Chameli owes in exchange for not having to entertain Naik. Usman agrees, but at the ATM kiosk he pulls a knife demanding more money, and gets hurt. Then, Aman and Chameli are picked up by the police, when he makes a phone call that brings the Assistant Commissioner of Police K.P. Singh to the Station. They troop to the hospital where Usman is recovering and with a gun to his groin he phones Naik. Singh convinces Naik to back off Chameli. When Aman finally gets back home, he is a changed man, altered by Chameli's philosophy on life. He reconnects with his father-in-law whom he had avoided since his wife's demise. He then returns to see Chameli, and they meet again, as they did when they first met."] ["The story starts with a courtroom scene where Rajat Verma  is being accused of the murder of Sheetal Puri . At this point, Tulsi  steps into the witness box and recollects the whole story. As the film goes into flashback, it is revealed that Rajat is the head of a leading advertising firm. Sheetal is an upcoming model who will stop at nothing to reach the top and stay there. She even makes advances on Rajat, who rejects all of them. Then Rajat meets Mukta  and they fall in love. Rajat and Mukta get married and everything is hunky-dory for some days. Sheetal, however, is unhappy as her need for power is increasing. She starts spreading false rumours about Rajat and her having an affair. Mukta is disturbed by the rumours. Rajat tries to assuage her and assures that there is no such thing going on. However, with each day, Mukta's suspicion and bitterness towards Rajat grow stronger. Finally, Rajat too is unable to take this and calls it quits. The duo go through a divorce and get separated. After that Rajat goes downhill. He starts drinking excessively and causes headlines for all the wrong reasons. Rajat terminates Sheetal's contract with his firm. This causes huge financial losses to Rajat's firm, as Sheetal has become famous and almost no model is ready to step into her shoes. Meanwhile, Mukta discovers that she is pregnant with Rajat's child and starts to repent of what she did. She tries to reconcile, but Sheetal coldly informs her that she has lost Rajat to Sheetal for good, no matter what the case appears to be. When Sheetal learns of Mukta's pregnancy, she sees to it that Rajat never learns about it. All this is witnessed by Tulsi , Rajat's housemaid. She is helpless even as Rajat stumbles deeper into the mess. Little does she know that she is going to be the turning point of rest of the story. Rajat, in utter desperation, decides to launch Tulsi as a new model, as he does not want to renegotiate with Sheetal. Tulsi has no other option but to go along with his decision. Rajat transforms Tulsi and sure enough, Tulsi starts gaining market. Sheetal is naturally enraged by this unexpected roadblock. The rest of the story is all about how Tulsi enters the life of Rajat and how she affects the relation of Mukta and Rajat further. Will Tulsi fall in love with Rajat? Will Tulsi marry Rajat? Will Mukta ever come to know that Rajat was innocent? Will Sheetal play spoilsport to Mukta's life even more? Will Mukta and Rajat ever be able to reconcile? What landed all of them in court?"] ['The story revolves around an evil politician - a junior minister who plots the murder of the chief minister through a hired killer. After the assassination of the chief minister, the killer is pursued by an idealistic dedicated police chief. The killer takes shelter in a house where a physically challenged girl is residing. The killer takes her as hostage. The killer remembers his past and how an above average student was converted to a killer.Though the film had no songs,the background music for the film,especially for the chase sequence was lauded by the critics.'] ['The film is about a rich, successful business man named Balajeet "Bala" Roy , who lives a blissful life with his beautiful wife, Nisha Roy . Nisha is expecting their first child together. Bala is suddenly captured for an unknown reason and kept alive in a cell without knowing who are his captives and the reason behind it. While in captivity, practices martial arts which he learns from watching T.V., with the intention of using it against the people who captured him. When he is released, 14 years later, he sets out for revenge.'] ["Edu Kondalu  is an uneducated, head strong youth in Bobbarlanka village. He and his village heads decide to close down the nearby factory by appealing to politicians as its letting out a lot of pollutants into the river which is the main source of food, water and livelihood for them. He and another girl Manga Thaayaru  are sent to Hyderabad to appeal to MLA of their constituency - Byragi Naidu . They stay at a Friend's place ([[Ali  and try to get their work done by the minister. In the process many hurdles come across them. Edu Kondalu roughs up a few of the MLA's goons and is always at loggerheads with his henchmen. After all this, Byragi Naidu begins to show his true colors and plans to butcher Edu Kondalu as he is forming as an obstruction to his underground activities, unknowingly. Then, the protagonist of the story decides to teach the MLA a lesson, get his job done of closing down the factory. Swapna  is a journalist who stays in his locality and as a heavy crush on him. She also helps him in pinning down the minister. The remaining plot is how intelligently Edukondalu outclasses the minister and earns good name. One of the plots the hero makes uses Shakeela's films to defame the minister and she herself makes an appearance in the film."] ['Set in Mumbai, the film starts with Raj , a good-for-nothing movie director who has released certain films, but none of them ever do well at the box office. He gets threatened by his landlords that if he does not pay them on time, he will be homeless. While chartered accountant Anand  tries to cheer up his girlfriend Neha  on her birthday. Neha is another useless wannabe actress who Anand takes to a 5-star restaurant for her birthday. Raj meets Ratan  at the restaurant. Ratan is the manager of famous Bollywood actor Aryan Kapoor , and Raj has come to see Ratan to sign a movie deal with Aryan. Raj and Ratan buy as much food as they can, and put the bill on Anand, who can not pay for it all that is why he is sent to jail. When he comes out, Anand is eager for revenge, and sees Raj shoplifting. Raj goes over to Aryan and Ratan, and right when he gets the movie contract papers out, Inspector Avtar Gill shows up and arrests Raj for shoplifting, which was recorded by Anand. Raj escapes from jail only to get his movie deal signed, and when Raj is attacked, he is saved by Anand. Anand and Raj come up with a movie plan together, to put money on the movie, ONLY if it is a flop, but if it is a hit, then that\'s their loss. They collect a lot of money and pretend to be rich and wealthy men to show off in front of Aryan, who signs the papers, and gets in the movie. Anand and Raj have to try and make the movie as bad as they can to get their share on money, but they don\'t know that each of them has a different plan. They borrow money from Assassins, who make a deal, if the movie flops then the Assassins will be pleased, but if it is a hit they will get murdered. They use Neha for the actress role, because Anand knows that with Neha in the film if would definitely be a flop. While the movie is filming, they tell Asharraff  to be the writer, who mixes up Sholay, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Gadar, and Lagaan . At the premier, the film is declared as a "hit" and the assassins get ready to kill them both. When Raj is about to escape with the money, he finds that Anand has already looted all the money. Both on the run, meet each other while looking for a hiding place, and both decide there is no better place to hide than Jail itself. The two run in jail for making a fraud film and looting money. Once they come out of jail, the two embrace friendship, and Neha finally marries to Anand, the two get married and Raj and Anand get thinking about creating a real movie.'] ["Advocate Narayan Das lives a comfortable lifestyle in rural India with his wife, Annapurna, who insists on feeding everyone who is hungry; and a lovely daughter, Shobha. Since Shobha is of marriageable age, he has arranged to get her married to Advocate Anand and shows his photograph to her, and she shyly approves. The young man shows up, and to the family's delight, not only is he well versed in Law but also in dairy farming. Both Anand and Shobha fall in love with each other, and want to get married. They already have the blessings of Annapurna and Narayandas. Then one day while at a picnic, Anand excuses himself from Shobha's company as he wants to meet a friend. Shobha secretly follows him and is shocked to see him in the arms of another woman, Indu, who is the only daughter of wealthy Chairman Neelkanth. Watch what happens when Shobha confronts Anand with her knowledge and asks him why he has been two-timing her"] ["Karan Thapar  lives a wealthy yet very lonesome lifestyle with his businessman dad , mom Kiran , and sister Nandini, as no one has time for him. One day while at the family's farmhouse, he loses his step and almost falls down a deep gorge. He is rescued by Raj Malhotra , who is an orphan, living a poor lifestyle with his abusive maternal uncle. Karan and Raj become inseparable friends, and Raj moves in to live with Karan, much to the chagrin of the Thapar family who shun and dislike Raj. Years later Raj and Karan have matured; Raj is in love with his childhood sweetheart, Anjali  and wants to marry her, while Karan flirts with Leena Bharucha  and abandons her. Karan subsequently meets with London-returned Kajal Sharma , successfully woos and gets her to agree to marry him. Raj's and Karan's weddings are planned for the same day. Things take a turn for the worse: Leena and her dad, who is employed by Thapar, expose the friends as flirts. Consequently, Anjali's brother cancels the wedding and gets her married to someone else. Raj is later shown suffering from a fatal disease; while his doctor, Dr. Aditi , tries to save him, with treatment sponsored by Karan, Raj dies. Karan eventually gets married to Kajal, and the couple name their child after Raj."] ['Kismet is a Family drama, where Mithun and Ranjeeta Kaur playing the lead role, supported by Shakti Kapoor and Om Shivpuri.'] ['The film is the story of lovers played by Kumar Gaurav and Vijeta Pandit and their struggle to achieve success in life. The film became a "blockbuster",http://boxofficeindia.com/showProd.php?itemCatMTk4MQtop_actors&PHPSESSID=9ff82f3b65560a2328305e6cf0ea364f Amit Kumar won the Filmfare Best Male Playback Award over another nominee, his father Kishore Kumar. The film was later remade into Telugu as Prema Sankellu  by Vijaya Nirmala and starring her son Naresh.'] ["Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra  re-located to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo , and after four years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter, she gave birth to Jasmeet . Manmohan was always embarrassed by Bebo as she was fat and could not speak English. As a result, he always left her out of important occasions, while he socialized. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up like her, so she got her educated in an English school, encouraged to mingle with British friends, and Jasmeet was transformed in to Jazz &mdash; a beautiful young woman, modern in looks, talk, habits, and heart. Her father had set her to meet a young lad, Bobby Bedi , though the date turns out to be a disaster and Bobby rejects her. Manmohan thinks that it is impossible to get him a Indian son-in-law, although his friend, Parvez Khan , is in a similar situation with his son, Imran , who has a blonde girlfriend, Susan . Manmohan takes his family for a tour in India and forces Jasmeet to marry Arjun Singh . On their return to London, Jasmeet announces that she is getting married to Charlie Brown , who is well educated and has good friends and connections, even with Prince Charles. She refuses to recognize her marriage with Arjun as there is no proof of the wedding. When Jasmeet is introduced to the friends of the Brown family, she is subjected to considerable racist abuse  as well as a quote from Winston Churchill: 'When we leave India, the country will be in the hands of goons'. During this period, Jazz becomes close with Arjun who still supports her. Charlie Brown then has a rugby match against the Indians and Arjun, the English lose and Brown is verbally racist to the Indians. While Imran is asked by Susan's parents to leave Islam, become a Christian, change his name to Emmanuel or Ian, as well as provide a written proof that his family is not associated with terrorists. The film ends on a happy note with Imran, not turns to be a Christian and Susan being accepted with Imran's family; Jazz realizes her love for Arjun runs away from her wedding to Charlie Brown and goes with Arjun back to India where they are seen riding Arjun's motorcycle."] ["Sundar , Gopal  and Radha  have been friends since childhood. As they grow into adults, Sundar develops an obsessive romantic attraction to Radha, but she prefers Gopal, who is also in love with her. Yet, as Sundar has confided his feelings for Radha to him, Gopal decides to sacrifice his love for his friend’s sake. Radha systematically resists Sundar’s overtures, but to no avail. For him, she is the only woman in the world. Matching Sundar’s great love for Radha is his unswerving devotion to his friendship with Gopal. Eventually, Sundar enlists in the Indian Air Force and is assigned to a military mission in Kashmir. Before leaving, he extracts a promise from Gopal, whom he trusts implicitly, never to let any man come between Radha and himself while he is away. Subsequently, Sundar’s airplane is shot down over Kashmir. He is listed as MIA and presumed dead. This news saddens Radha and Gopal, but they are nonetheless now free to profess their love for one another. Among other expressions of love, Gopal writes her an unsigned prem patra  which touches her particularly and which she hides away. Just when they begin taking steps to be married, Sundar returns, safe and sound. The self-effacing Gopal sacrifices himself once more, stepping back into the shadows, watching as the reborn Sundar resumes his wooing of Radha. Inevitably, the two marry. After the couple returns from an extended European honeymoon, Sundar is deliriously happy. His life’s dream has been realised. Radha is resolved to be faithful to her husband and to put Gopal out of her mind. She privately asks him to stay away from her and Sundar because of the torture his presence causes her. Sundar’s devotion to Gopal, however, is such that he constantly tries to draw him into their life, much to Radha’s chagrin. The perfection of their marital bliss is, however, shattered when Sundar accidentally discovers the unsigned love letter Gopal had written to Radha. Sundar is thunderstruck, and assumes that Radha has been unfaithful to him. Producing a pistol, he demands she divulge the name of the supposed lover and threatens to kill the man, but she refuses. In the days that follow, Sundar becomes obsessed with discovering the identity of the letter's author and cannot return to normalcy. Radha’s life becomes miserable, lived out against the incessant drama of Sundar’s jealousy, threats, anger and fixation with the letter. Eventually unable to bear the wretchedness of her existence with Sundar any further, Radha flees to Gopal for help. Sundar takes the same route, unaware that Radha has gone to Gopal’s house. There, matters come to a head. The overwrought Gopal admits his authorship of the infamous letter to Radha, an admission which almost destroys his friend. Gopal, perceiving no exit from the impasse at which the three have arrived, kills himself with Sundar’s pistol. Radha and Sundar are finally reunited - in mourning."] ["Kumaran  is a social worker. Captain Vijay  is an army captain who is on his annual leave and has come to stay with his maternal uncle who raised him and his sister after the untimely death of their parents. In a turn of events Vijay sees Kumaran injured from an accident and crying for help. He takes Kumaran to a hospital but could not save his life. There develops a strong bond between Kumaran and Vijay which pulls him into finding out the accident was a preplanned murder. With the help of his friend Kutti Hassan  he starts on a trail to find out the mystery behind the murder and in the midst finding out the missing links of his own life. As the film proceeds it is revealed that Kumaran was murdered by the same people who killed Vijay's father. Vijay finally takes revenge upon his enemies in his own method. Meanwhile, he falls in love with Kumaran's daughter . He gets his sister who was in a charity home.  The movie depicts the relation between two people even though they haven't talked or met each other formally. It was well received by youth and family audiences. This was a commercial success"] ['Don Muthu Swami is a comical tale of a Don, pushed to choose the path of Ahimsa by his dying father to change from Don Muthuswami to Sir Muthuswami.'] ["The affable Nandu , a small-time crook who is hired to deliver a mysterious package to a notorious criminal named Pinky . Feeling that he's being cheated on his delivery fee, Nandu holds out for more money, and soon finds himself on the run from both the angry gangsters and the police, who have launched a massive manhunt. Nandu and Bhavani , the lovely cabaret dancer who's tagging along for the ride, assume the package contains gold; both are unpleasantly surprised when it turns out to be something deadlier: a nuclear bomb."] ["On 9 March 1993 a small-time thug, Gul Mohammed, is detained at the Nav Pada police station and confesses to a conspiracy underway to bomb major locations around the city. The police dismiss his confession and, three days later, Bombay is torn apart by a series of explosions leaving 257 dead and close to 1,400 injured. Investigators discover that the bombs were made of RDX, smuggled into the city with the aid of customs officials and the border police. In turn, the film traces the motive for the blasts to the Bombay riots, the term used to describe the bloody warring between the Hindu and Muslim communities from December 1992 to January 1993, which left over 1500 people dead. The Bombay riots were an unprecedented outburst of violence and abuse, resulting in enormous emotional trauma and property loss. Tiger Memon  is an underworld don whose office is burnt to cinders during the riots. The suffering of the Muslim minorities in the riots incites a meeting of underworld leaders in Dubai, who then take it on themselves to seek retribution. Tiger Bhai  one of the chief inflamed suggests an attack on Bombay as the strongest message of retaliation, thus leading to Black Friday 12 March 1993. Asgar Muqadam, Tiger Memon's secretary is arrested on 14 March 1993. He is beaten till he provides whatever information he has about the bomb blasts and that initiates a full police inquiry. Deputy Commissioner of Police, Rakesh Maria  is put in charge of the case. The next piece in the puzzle is the arrest of Badshah Khan , one of the henchmen who had left Bombay and gone into hiding, who was found by the police on 10 May 1993. After the blast, the accomplices in the crime are forced to lead a life of anonymity and secrecy as it becomes evident that Mumbai police have started picking up the suspects one by one. To make matters worse, their passports seem to have been destroyed at the behest of Tiger Memon. In spite of assurances to the contrary, the high command blatantly refuses any help to them once the bombings have materialised. Tired of being let down by his own people and without a place to hide, Badshah Khan realizes that there is no justification for his acts and decides to become a police witness. On 4 November 1993, the police file a charge sheet against 189 accused. The Central Bureau of Investigation  takes over the case. Then on 5 August 1994, Tiger's brother, Yaqub Memon, willingly turns himself in to the authorities. In a candid Newstrack interview on national television Yaqub states that it was Tiger and his underworld associates who orchestrated the conspiracy."] ["The story revolves around Santosh  who is married to Shanti . Santosh works at a bank in Mumbai and is a very simple man. However, his simplicity and lack of tactfulness often sees him engage in domestic altercations with Shanti. The regular fights start taking their toll on Santosh's work life, also where he is often looked down by his boss Prem  who is always bragging about how smooth his own married life is and how understanding his wife Khushi  is. But the reality is that his wife also nags him a lot and he is as disturbed at times as Santosh. The film takes many twists and turns including many scenes in which Santosh imagines that he is the boyfriend or husband of other random women. In the end this lands him in trouble with the police but finally when Shanti bails him out, the two come to terms with each other and realize that such things are a normal part of every marriage and they must learn to live with it."] ['After completing his studies in London, Shakti Thakur  returns to the small Indian town where his family resides. Accompanying him is his leggy girlfriend, Anita , whom he is in love with and wants to marry, much to the disapproval of his family. After a few days, Shakti starts to feel that nothing much has changed in this part of India and longs to leave. He tells his father that he would like to sell his share in the family land and would open Restaurant business and settle with his girlfriend, to this his Father urges him to stay in the village and uplift it with his education, by saying "A man gets Education not to become a selfish being but to uplift his uneducated brothers and society". Shakti does not agree with his father and decides to leave. He is unable to bear the animosity between the townspeople in general and in particular between his Zamindar dad, Raja Thakur , and rival Zamindar Birju , none other than Raja\'s crippled brother. When Anita leaves town to meet her parents, Shakti wants to follow her; his plans change suddenly when his father passes away, and the region is ravaged by unprecedented natural calamities. At this moment Shakti realizes that his village needs him more than anyone else, He realizes that with his modern education he can uplift his backward village. During one of his attempt to solve the village\'s problem he meets village belle, Gehna ([[Tabu . By a twist of destiny, Shakti has to marry Gehna in order to save her from disgrace. Anita returns to find that nothing is the same anymore. She finds that, Shakti has turned from her lover boy to a mature and responsible family man, for whome his village\'s upliftment is everything. She returns home. The film strongly depicts the true meaning of Education "A tool to uplift uneducated people and use education for social welfare".'] ['Five friends, Rajiv , Ishita , Jai , Monica  and Manish , get drunk on their last day in college, and place a bet of Rs.200 among themselves, each claiming she/he will be the happiest in life. They give each other five years to win the bet. Rajiv says happiness means success. He becomes the best enterpreneur of the country. Jai thinks happiness means power. He becomes the youngest member of the Parliament. Monica says happiness means fame. She becomes a leading actress. Ishita thinks happiness means money. She marries a business tycoon. Manish is not a part of the bet. He wants plain happiness, which comes by itself. He keeps the bet amount with himself, and is to judge the winner after five years.'] ['This film depicts the restrictive social conventions regarding intercaste marriage and unwed motherhood in India. Julie ([[Laxmi  is a Christian Anglo-Indian girl with a loving, but alcoholic father  and a domineering mother ([[Nadira , a younger brother and sister . She falls in love with her best friend\'s  brother Shashi Bhattacharya ([[Vikram , a Hindu boy, and she has a passionate encounter with him, which leaves her pregnant. He goes away to college, not knowing about her condition. Her mother is distraught when Julie tells her about the pregnancy. They don\'t tell the rest of the family. Her mother thinks about getting Julie an abortion, but a devout Christian  talks her out of it. Julie is sent away to have her baby in secret. The rest of the family is told that Julie got a job. After the baby\'s birth, Julie\'s mother arranges for the child to be left in an orphanage, and demands that Julie return home and forget about the baby. When she comes back home, her father has died. She is now the primary earner in the family. Later, she runs into her Hindu boyfriend and tells him everything. He asks to marry her, but his mother objects to the mixed marriage. She blames Julie for seducing her son and having the baby. Julie\'s mother doesn\'t want the marriage either, as it will represent a mixed-caste marriage, and she wants to return to England. However, the wisdom of the boyfriend\'s father  prevails as he confronts the mothers\' prejudices regarding caste and religion, and urges both to accept the baby boy. The film ends with the mothers offering their full blessings to the young couple, and Julie\'s mother promising her grandson she will "never leave him."'] ["Delhii Heights is a high-rise apartment in Delhi, where Abi  and his wife  lives, a married couple who work for rival companies, live. It's about how their professional lives affect their personal ones. Also, there lives Timmy Kohli , a fun loving Sikh, with his wife Ruby  and two daughters, Sweety  and . Then there is Bobby  and his wife Saima . Bobby is a compulsive flirt and his wife knows about it. How things take place and how their lives change is to be seen. Then there is Lucky , a cricket bookie, a hilarious character in itself. Also, there are four boys, and {are two of them }, residents of Delhii Heights, who keep running after girls and pulling each others' legs."] ["Babu works for three underworld dons and must go to prison to protect them. When his sentence is over, he returns home to find that Purnima , Arjun  and Pooja  live a destitute life. When he confronts his bosses, he is beheaded in front of his wife and children, and his daughter is abducted. Purnima  loses her mind, and is hospitalized in a mental hospital. Growing up, Arjun  becomes a high profile vigilante. As for Purnima, she becomes terribly ill and can be saved only if she sees her daughter again. Thus, Arjun decides to re-unite his mother and sister. In order to do so, he must discover the identity of his father's killers. At the beginning of his mission, he meets the exuberant and glamorous Tina  who will be the one to help him get what he wants. However, Tina goes to South Africa with her father. Now in top of looking for his sister Pooja, Arjun must also find Tina. He begins by going to South Africa in search of Tina."] ["The story focusses on three characters and their different perspectives on love. Rahul  does not believe in love. He thinks it is impossible for two people to be together for their entire lives. Pooja  believes that somebody has been made for her, all she has to do is meet them. Finally, Nisha  believes that love is friendship, she believes that when a boy and girl are friends they are destined to fall in love. Rahul and Nisha are best friends who both share a passion for dancing. They have worked together in many musicals. Rahul announces his desire to direct a new musical called 'Maya' which focuses on a girl who every man dreams about. He writes up a script and shows it to Nisha. Nisha thinks the script is not realistic enough but after persuasion, she agrees to take on the role. Because Rahul does not believe in love, he sees Nisha only as his best friend whereas Nisha is secretly in love with Rahul but never plucks up the courage to tell him. Meanwhile Pooja is an orphan. Ever since her parents died when she was very young, Pooja has been raised by their close friends, who wish to see Pooja marry their only son Ajay . Although Pooja does not feel Ajay is the one for her, she agrees to marry him, because she feels obliged to his parents for taking her in. Pooja is also a very talented dancer. One night Rahul, Nisha and some members of their dancing troupe go out for Valentine's Day. Rahul tells Nisha that he believes it is all nonsense as he thinks that none of the couples at the party could possibly be in love. Nisha disagrees with Rahul's view. On a number of occasions, Rahul and Pooja coincidentally come across one other but do not speak. On Nisha's birthday, she gets really drunk and tells Rahul that she is in love with him. Later, Nisha injures her leg and her doctor says that she cannot dance for a long time. Rahul goes out looking for another girl for the role in the play. He discovers Pooja dancing one day and realises that she is perfect for the role. She agrees to take on the role and becomes quickly friendly with the rest of the group. She and Rahul start finding themselves falling for each other but at the same time try to keep their distance from one another. Nisha soon recovers and on returning notices that Pooja and Rahul are in love. Although devastated, she wants only the best for Rahul and decides to leave for London in order to allow them to come together. Pooja and Rahul go to visit Pooja's old dance tutor. Pooja's tutor thinks it is obvious that Pooja is in love with Rahul but Pooja keeps denying it . Later, it is the wedding of two members of the dance troupe. At the wedding, after everyone has left Rahul gets closer to Pooja and kisses her neck where both finally realise their love for one another. However, problems arise when Ajay who has been in London for a long time tells Pooja and his mother that he is returning and wishes to marry Pooja as soon as possible. Ajay arrives and Rahul learns that he is Pooja's fiance, Rahul is heartbroken. Nisha, who has returned from London realises that Rahul is hurt and tries to comfort him. Rahul edits the end of the play to reflect his devastation. On the night of the play, Ajay realises that Pooja is in love with Rahul. He releases her from the engagement and the play does not end in the sad way Rahul had intended it to end. Rahul and Pooja are applauded by the audience as they confess their love for one another."] ["Gumnaam - The Mystery is the story of an aspiring actress Ria  who models / acts in music videos but has her eyes set on making it big in films as a lead actress. During one of her shoots, she happens to meet Dev  a stuntman by profession, who saves her life during an accident on the set. She's impressed with him, soon love blossoms between them and they are on a romantic high. Meanwhile Ria is offered a lead actress' role in a film by casting director Rishi Gandhi  but the condition is that she has to leave for Shimla the very next day. Dev is very happy about her getting the role in the film and sees her off, wishing all the luck. On reaching Shimla, she is introduced to the film's director Muni Gandhi  who also praises her beauty and appreciates his assistant's perfect choice of casting her as the heroine. Slowly Ria begins to see some unusual mystery around her. The director asks her to give a screen test but when she asks for a second take she is refused. His assistant Rishi Gandhi delivers the cassette to Remon  a rich woman in a huge mansion in Shimla. Who is this woman and why has the cassette been delivered to her? What happens after the screen test? How Ria tackles the situation and what's she doing in Shimla? All this forms the crux of the story of the high voltage drama Gumnaam- The Mystery"] ["Jeetu  is constantly getting himself and his father into trouble because of his inability to properly manage money. Plunging them both into debt, Jeetu breaks off his engagement with his fiance, Pooja  and decides to commit suicide by throwing himself into the sea. Jeetu believes that by killing himself, he can do something right for once: his father can use the money from his life insurance to pay off his debts. Unfortunately, it does not go as planned and Jeetu is found tangled in some nets by a pair of fishermen, Gundya  and Bandya . Gundya owes money to a Gujarati businessman, Prabhat Singh Chauhan . He reads a note found in Jeetu's pocket, which makes him think Jeetu is rich, rather than in debt. The two fishermen hatch a scheme in which they will offer Jeetu to Prabhat in exchange for the money Gundya owes. Jeetu does not want to reveal too much, and therefore pretends to be deaf and mute. A hilarious row of sequences follow as this pretense of his gets both him and the fishermen into comical situations. Soon, it is revealed that Prabhat's niece Shruti  also happens to be mute, but not deaf. Her brother Mangal  wants her to get married and everything seems okay when her marriage is arranged. However, the groom's family breaks the marriage, humiliating Shruti and angering Mangal. One night, when Jeetu gets drunk, he begins to sing, but is caught when Shruti and her cousin Meenakshi  hear him . They promise to keep his secret but in return he must do something for Shruti. A greedy bridegroom is interested in marrying Shruti but only for her wealth; Jeetu must pretend to be her lover to break the marriage before it ruins Shruti's life. Meenakshi finds out that Jeetu is in debt and she thinks he will do anything for money. Unfortunately, Jeetu is involved in a car crash with Prabhat who, at the time, was carrying a lot of money. Meenakshi tells the police about her suspicions and they beat Jeetu mercilessly. Her views about him change however when Prabhat announces that Jeetu was the one that saved him and took him to the hospital. In the meantime, Bandya has returned from Jeetu's village with a suitcase full of money. He tells Jeetu that Pooja is married, but Pooja believes she is Jeet's widow, though the two never got married. At the same time, Shruti confesses her love for Jeet. Mangal finds out about the romance and practically forces Jeetu to marry Shruti. Free of debt, he agrees to marry Shruti, having fallen in love with her too. But when his family learns of this, they intrude on the marriage, wanting him to come home and marry Pooja instead. However, when Pooja learns that Shruti is mute, she has a change of heart and tells Jeetu to marry Shruti. Jeetu and Shruti get married and live happily ever after."] ["For years an aging Rukmini Bai  has been the Madame of a brothel in Hyderabad, India. One day she gets the news that she now has a new landlord in Mr. Gupta , whose daughter is to marry the mayor's son Sushil, shortly. Led by City Councillor, Shantidevi, the people in this town demand that this bordello be moved elsewhere, preferably on the outskirts of the town, and they do succeed, compelling Rukmini to move with her women to their new location, which happens to be near the Dargah of Baba Karak Shah. Ironically, this attracts a lot of people, and the patronage to Rukmini's bordello increases. Then complications set in when Sushil refuses to marry his father's choice, childlike Malti, and wants to marry Zeenat  - a prostitute, not entirely by choice and seeking for a better existence, who resides with Rukmini."] ['Ramudu ([[Sunil  has tremendous love for his cousin Radha  right from his childhood. Things go wrong for him when his mother dies; his father marries another woman which he dislikes and runs away from home. He returns home  after twelve years only after his father’s death. He even accepts his brother ([[Venu Madhav  born to his step mom. Ramudu’s love for Radha remains unchanged. In fact, he returns home after so long time only to win Radha’s love and marry her. On the contrary, Radha loves another person, Raghu  who is an orphan and also jobless. Radha’s father  dislikes this; he lays a condition that he would agree for their marriage only if Raghu finds a job. Ignorant of the fact, but with good intention, Ramudu offers a job to Raghu. Later, he learns about the fact and gets despaired. In such a circumstance, Ramudu’s brother resolves to unite his brother with Radha and eliminate Ramudu’s misery. Ramudu’s brother tactfully implicates Raghu in a murder and sends him to prison. Thus he plays a spoil game in averting marriage between Radha and Raghu. In such a distressed condition, Radha’s father with no other option remaining pleads with Ramudu to marry Radha. Ramudu readily agrees and marries Radha. What happens when Radha learns about the fact later? Will she continue her married life with Ramudu or does she goes to Raghu or anything strange happens... The remaining part of the movie is based on these circumstances.'] ["The story is set in Indian state of Goa and takes place mainly at a Catholic family home where Steven  and his wife Nancy  live with his parents. When the story opens, it is the day of Steven's father's funeral and, while in the process of organising this event, Steven and Nancy plan to purchase a flat and move away from the parental home. Steven's brother Brian , a renowned novelist living in Mumbai, would rather spend his money on a First Class airline ticket to Goa than help finance the funeral, leaving Steven to cover the burial expenses. As guests begin to arrive at the family home, where a brief service is being held, he struggles to complete a eulogy, although everyone expects Brian the writer will be the one to deliver some appropriate remarks. Steven's cousin Maria  and her boyfriend Michael  are desperate to make a good impression on Maria's uptight father. Their hopes for doing so are dashed when Maria, hoping to calm Michael's nerves, gives him what she believes is Relaxo but actually is a designer hallucinogenic drug manufactured by her rockstar brother, Harry . While on the way to the funeral, Michael begins to feel its effect. A short man named Andrew  introduces himself to Steven, who is too busy to speak to him at that moment and suggests they talk later. None of Steven's relatives can identify the man. The service begins and the hallucinating Michael, certain he hears scratching noises in the coffin, tips it over, allowing the body to spill out onto the floor. During the ensuing chaos, Maria and Harry drag Michael outside, where their father forbids Maria to marry Michael. When Micheal is told why he is reacting as he is, he panics and locks himself in the upstairs bathroom. Maria tries to persuade him to open the door while fending off the unwelcome advances of Jim, who has a crush on her. When the drug overcomes Michael, he steps out of the window wearing just his superman boxers and a tie and sees Jim kissing Maria. Thinking what he sees reflects mutual feelings, he proceeds to climb onto the roof, where he threatens to jump. Hoping to calm him, Maria reveals she is pregnant with their child. While most of the guests are caught up in Michael's seeming insanity, Andrew meets privately with Steven and Brian and reveals he was their father's lover. Unhappy he was left nothing in their father's will, Andrew reveals photographs that prove his relationship, and attempts to blackmail the family for Rs. 20,00,000. The brothers panic and bind and gag Andrew. Steven's best friend Carlos  enters the room and asks what they are doing. The brothers quickly lie that Andrew is having sezures and to calm him down they give him the Relaxing drug they also believe is Relaxo. Harry then enters and seees Carlos holding the Relaxo bottle and freaks out because Carlos, Brian, and Steven gave Andrew three highly hallucinogenic pills. Somehow, Andrew manages to free himself as all four boys are busy trying to calm their guests, but in his drug-induced state he jumps repeatedly on the sofa before falling and hitting his head on a glass coffee table; Harry and Carlos cannot feel a pulse, so they believe Andrew to be dead. Forced to dispose of the body as quickly and surreptitiously as possible, Steven and Brian decide to place it in the casket with their father. The service resumes, and Steven's awkward eulogy is interrupted when the still very-much-alive Andrew who leaps from the coffin and the compromising photos fall out of his pocket for everyone, including the widow, to see. Steven demands everyone stay calm and declares his father was a good man, although clearly one with secrets, and he delivers a loving tribute to the man. Later Andrew reveals that he is not a lover of Steven's father and it was a made up story by him to take the revenge on the family. In the end, Maria's father agrees that she and Micheal should get married, Harry decides to give up his drug habit, Jenny stops accusing Carlos of cheating on her, and Brian agrees to take his widowed mom to live with him in Mumbai."] ["Brought up in a repressive, conservative household, Sapna  is terrified to experience the freedom of falling in love with Rohit , fearing the upheaval it will cause in her family, namely her dad, Pratap Dholakia , who has plans for Sapna to marry his friend's son; then there is her brother, Raman Dholakia , who follows in the footsteps of his dad, and will prevent Sapna from marrying Rohit. Sapna is terriffied and wants to run away with Rohit. He takes her to boys hostel where he lives and she acts as a boy. All of Rohits friends aren't comfortable with her at first, but she gains confidence to make some friends with them. However Rohit is determined to marry Sapna and no one else and this is met with resistance from the Dholakia clan, who first severely beat Sapna, and then imprison her in her room; and then lure Rohit to a secluded spot and proceed to beat him within every inch of his life, and there is no one who can even dare to think to intervene with the Dholakia family. They don't know that Sapna has taken poison and are surprised when she tells them that the only way she can live is, if she gets to be with Rohit. In order to save Sapna, they apologize to Rohit and are sorry. Both Rohit and Sapna get engaged to each other after that."] ['Zubeidaa is the story of Riyaz\'s  search to understand his mother, who is not known to him, as he was brought up by his grandmother in the absence of his mother. His mother\'s name was Zubeidaa  and she was the only daughter of a filmmaker named Suleman Seth . Zubeidaa acts in films secretly, but when her father finds out he forbids her to carry on and quickly arranges her marriage to Mehboob Alam. Things look happy for her when she gives birth to Riyaz. However, a misunderstanding arises between Suleman Seth and Mehboob\'s parents, and Mehboob divorces Zubeidaa few days after she gives birth. Zubeidaa then meets Maharaja Vijayendra Singh of Fatehpur . Vijayendra is already married to Maharani Mandira Devi  and is the father of two children. Nevertheless, he falls in love with Zubeidaa and they get married, but there is continuous turmoil in their relationship. Riyaz learns through Zubeidaa\'s journal that though she loved Vijayendra dearly, she was unable to follow the mainly Hindu customs and traditions of the palace, being a Muslim. She was also uncomfortable because of her brother-in-law Uday Singh\'s sexual advances towards her, and his demands of her to have an extra-marital affair with him. Away from her own family, she was unable to enjoy the beautiful surroundings of the palace. Riyaz travels to Fatehpur and asks many people about his mother. However, all except Mandira, whom Zubeidaa called "Mandy Didi"\' deny that his mother ever existed, or say that she was a horrible woman who seduced their king and caused his death in a mysterious accident. On reading the journal, Riyaz finds out that Vijayendra had become a politician, and was about to go to Delhi for an important meeting. Zubeidaa felt frustrated that whenever her husband needed help he looked to Mandira for support, and at the last minute she insisted that only she will go for the meeting. Zubeidaa tries to control the small aeroplane which is shown to crash thus killing Zubeidaa and Vijayendra. In the end, Riyaz and his grandmother watch a tape of one of his mother\'s films with his family. The movie ends with a screen shot of Zubeidaa dancing happily in one of her films with Riyaz and his grandmother shedding tears of happiness.'] ["The Nath family consists of Retired Commissioner Upendra, his wife, Savitri; elder son, Madan, who is married to Maya, and they have a son, Ashoo; a second son - Surendra, who is married to Kamla, and they have a daughter, Pinky; a third unmarried college-going son, Chander; and a school-going daughter, Namrata. They are a happy family, and everyone rejoices when Chander completes his M.A.. There is more to rejoice when Chander introduces them to the woman he loves, Vandana, the only daughter of wealthy Mr. Tandon. The marriage is arranged with a ceremony, attended by the family friend, Abdul, who home-delivers groceries. However, before the marriage could be sealed, Upendra receives news that he has lost his Court case, and passes away. The wedding is canceled, and the lives of the entire Nath family changes thereafter, with Kamla and Maya taking over the household, reducing Savitri to the status of an unwanted guest, while Namrata is asked to become the servant and unable to complete her education, and Chander, who rebels, is asked to leave. Vandana's dad comes to know of their plight and refuses to permit his daughter to get married in the Nath family. Chander moves in with Abdul, gets a job as a waiter, then he is promoted as Manager, and finally as partner and co-owner of the Francis Hotel. Unable to get medication, Savitri passes away, forcing Namrata to move in with Abdul as well. Madan and Surendra also find success when they buy their own hotel and name it 'Gulmohar Hotel'. With Chander on one hand, and his two siblings on the other - they are now poised to compete with each other - not knowing who will win in this cut-throat competition - as they set out to destroy each other."] ['The film highlights the economics behind running an Indian mafia organization. In the opening of the film, Ajay Devgan describes the modus operandi of underworld. He states "Despite anybody telling anything else, in this world everything is done for profit, so is this business. We don\'t pay taxes, neither do we keep accounts; For this work is done by inducing fear. Anybody can join us anytime, but can never resign. Whoever breaks our law, is broken by us. Here friendship, respect or honesty, the only real reason behind all these is same thing -- Profit". During murder / extortion scenes following, Ajay Devgan adds "profit happens -- like this, like this or like that". The story revolves around a young man named Chandu   joining the world of crime in the Mumbai underworld to "make it big" someday. Gradually he learns tricks of the trade and increases the gang\'s earnings and profits. This leads to his affinity with Malik  who is the leader of the gang. The film features one cold blooded murder scene wherein Malik and Chandu kill Saeed and his brother Anis in the rear seat of the car on a chilling rainy day. Thereafter Malik goes on a bloody rampage killing all his opponents, so as to take the reins of underworld in his hands. They include his rival gang leader and colleague under Aslam\'s umbrella Sharma, who was in a meeting with police inspector Rathod, also killed off. Inspector Rathod, who once tortured and abused Chandu in jail in early days, was also killed at Malik\'s permission. However, both come at loggerheads during the execution of a contract killing. The contract was from a politician who tries to use Malik\'s gang to eliminate a front-runner, a contender for Home Minister\'s post. The rift between Chandu and Malik widens due to various misunderstandings. The Commissioner of Police, Sreenivasan IPS  makes use of the rift to bring the mafia under control. Chandu and Malik end up becoming bitter enemies. After Chandu\'s retaliation of the assassination of his lifelong friend of one of lieutenants Warsi, two factions of Mumbai\'s once most powerful gang \'Company\' went to a full scale war. Malik and Chandu killed as many members of each opponent gangs as possible. Sreenivasan, as the police chief of the city of murders due to the war, became criticized greatly, but he and his men knew this war ultimately is shortening the to do list of his department. Big number of button men and lieutenants from both gangs were being killed. The war results in an intense chase sequence shot in Kenya where Malik hires hitmen to kill Chandu. However Chandu survives, though he is injured severely. Sreenivasan convinces Chandu to come back to Mumbai and fight his war with Malik by helping the police bring the mafia under control. The film reaches its climax when Chandu kills the politician  within the prison. At the same time, one of Chandu\'s aides named Koda Singh, who swore revenge to kill who went against his friend Chandu, shoots Malik point blank to death in Hong Kong. This shows, Chandu and Malik came to a truce but Chandu never withdrew his order to Koda to kill Malik. It\'s not confirmed that whether Chandu has forgotten to withdraw his orders or deliberately kept that on. But, after the assassination Sreenivasan notified Chandu and Chandu became tremendously shocked at this news. So, possibly Chandu forgot to send a come back call to Koda. Koda Singh was arrested by Hong Kong Police on that day. The film ends, showing Chandu spending the rest of his life in prison after being persuaded by the Police Commissioner to surrender.'] ["Anu , a London based NRI who is living in India has just broken up with her boyfriend Danny . Now, she’s to come back to London to be a part of her stepsister Shirani’s  marriage, to the New York-based, Gujarati businessman Kunal Shah , who is also Danny's best friend. In a plan to get back to Danny and to make him jealous, Anu convinces her colleague Aman , to accompany her to the wedding as her new beau. Incidentally, Shirani was also involved with Danny earlier, which resulted in heartbreak for her too, as everyone learns of Danny’s womanizing ways. Anupam Kher and Lilette Dubey play guardians of the two sisters, Anu and Shirani. As time passes by, Aman finds Anu fascinating and later it develops into a fondness between the two. How Anu and Aman’s relationship undergoes a change during the course of these incidents forms the crux of the story. It turns out that Danny had used Kunal to get to Shirani and he believes that they can still be together. Shirani keeps trying to tell Danny that she loves Kunal. Anu reacts with Aman in an unfriendly way but later they form a friendship that in time turns into love. When Anu finds out about Danny's relationship with Shirani, she breaks down knowing that everyone knew  but didn't tell her. She tells Aman to go away but Kunal  convinces him to stay for his sake . The truth is revealed to everyone and the they believe that Anu loves Aman. Anu's parents convince her to go after Aman but she is too late as he as already left. When Shirani tells Kunal about Danny, he is heartbroken and chases Danny away. While chasing Danny, he finds Aman going away and he convinces Aman to ask Anu again for her love. He agrees and makes Kunal realize that he and Shirani are also meant to be together and to marry Shirani. Anu ends up marrying Aman and Kunal accepts Shirani happily after knowing the truth."] ["The story is set around the bulwark of honest and public good institution of everest. A journalistic anachronism at a time when media houses have become mouthpieces for corporate houses. It is helmed by the fearless Ayya , it has among its ranks an intrepid scribe Dheeran . He is no journeyman journalist. He is writer as well as a doer. When the power of the pen looks like slackening, he uses the hands that push the pen, so to say. And then there is harried colleague Erimalai , who is just a step away from trouble. Meghala  is an enterprising intern who drives Dheeran distraction. Dheeran runs into the evil axis of politico and police web as represented by the corrupt Minister Shanmuga Sundaram  and a venal cop Alanakaram . Dheeran through his mixed ways frustrate all the evil plans of the duo. But a new water bottling plant of an MNC becomes a major confrontation issue. Dheeran goes hammer and tongs against the project, as it would be harmful to villagers. Dheeran painstakingly exposes all the chinks in the project. Shanmugasundaram has to come with a violent reprisal and he sure does and thinks he has done away with Dheeran. Did he? But Dheeran comes back from dead as a new man with renewed force. In the two years, Shanmugha Sundaram and Alankaram had come a long way. But Dheeran, slowly but stealthily, exposes them with a cunning of a mountain fox. He exposes all their bad deeds with clinching evidence. How? Well, it all leads to an action-packed climax.The satellite rights has been bageed by Kalanithi Maran's Sun TV."] ["Anjaana Anjaani is the story of Kiara , and Aakash . Kiara is based in San Francisco, while Aakash is a New York City boy. Aakash has to clear a huge loan of $12 million, which he is unable to and even the stock market crash. Unable to find any means, suicide seems the only option. He decides to jump off the George Washington Bridge. This is when he meets Kiara, who is also bound to commit suicide because she caught her fiance Kunal  cheating on her. They both try to put an end to their lives, but are deterred by the coastguards. Still keen on ending their lives, Aakash deliberately gets hit by a car and Kiara falls on the bridge and breaks her neck. This proves to be yet another failed attempt and they end up in the hospital together. Kiara takes Aakash to her house as his house was taken by the police. Continuing their attempts at suicide, they both try to kill themselves five times, by all means possible, but all in vain. They make a pact and decide to ultimately end their lives on 31 December 2009 because they wanted to do something before they die. With 20 days to go, they decide to fulfill their unfinished wishes and thus begin their journey together. They indulge in different adventures that bring them closer to each other and bring about an understanding and quiet love between them. Upon their return, Kiara becomes depressed again after revealing to Aakash how her fiance cheated on her. She drinks a bottle of bleach at the night in the bathroom and is rushed to the hospital. After returning, Aakash and Kiara venture out to Las Vegas on a holiday as Aakash never went on a holiday and end up together in bed. Realization dawns on both of them that they love each other, but Kiara realizes she still loves her ex-fiance, Kunal. On Aakash's insistence, she moves back with her parents and gives Kunal a second chance, while Aakash moves in with his friend and colleague  and decides to go back to India on the night of 31st December and start afresh. Aakash attends the bank settlement and makes up with his friends, with whom he was at loggerheads. On the 31st, Kiara realizes that she is truly in love with Aakash. Kunal realizes this and drops her to the airport to go to George Washington Bridge where both Kiara and Aakash had decided suicide. Kiara reaches the bridge, but finds herself alone and believes she will never see Aakash again. Just then, Aakash arrives. Then they both go to the sea to suicide. Then Aakash throws a beer bottle with a note in it. Kiara reads the paper and then Aakash proposes to her and then he puts on her finger the ring. They both marry 2 years later and they have a baby boy and live happily ever after."] ["Sarika  is a single mother who lives in Mumbai with her physically challenged daughter and works as an editor for a magazine. One day she gets a phone call from a female reader who is upset because her submission was not printed. The caller seems threatening so she notifies her friend, D.C.P. Chaudhary, who meets with her, but is unable to provide any assistance. Then late one night Sarika gets a visit from him and Crime Branch Inspector Sunil Ranade informing her that a businessman had been brutally knifed to death with a blood-smeared 'swastika' mark on his forehead. They inform her that they re-dialed the last number from the victim's phone number and found that it was her work number. They also informed her that they suspect that the killer is a woman who has killed another male in Delhi in a similar fashion and her modus operandi appears to be to kill married males who are unfaithful to their respective spouses. They provide her with a recording machine just in case the killer calls again. The female does call again and attempts to befriend Sarika, but gets upset and evasive when questioned about her identity and whereabouts. Shortly thereafter the Police find another dead male victim and a hunt begins for this elusive, seemingly untraceable killer, who never leaves any clues."] ["Professor Mohan  is a morally upright, honest young man living with his beloved mother , who is singleminded in her pursuit of one goal. Mohan teaches literature and poetry at a nearby college. During one lesson about a nobleman who has fallen for a prostitute, he makes his feelings about dancing girls quite clear. Not long after, his mother, who is running a fever, falls down the stairs in their home and is unconscious. The doctor is called, injections are given, the neighbors all come crowding in, and much shaking of the head ensues, but she finally regains her senses long enough to say this. The doctor pronounces his judgment that with the medication, she will get better; but the packed-in neighbors are much more gloomy. They all file out, still muttering amongst themselves. One of the neighbors, Jeevan , has creditors hounding him, and he sees a little opportunity to make some money. He tells Mohan that he knows a girl who might be persuaded to pose as his fiancee for a few days, but her father will probably want money. Mohan of course is willing at this point to do anything and agrees to give Jeevan whatever he wants. Jeevan goes to see Champabai, a local tawaif. He negotiates a price with her for posing as Mohan’s fiancee for the evening. She puts on a demure sari and he takes her to see his mother and meet Mohan. His mother wakes up long enough to bless her before falling back into a deep sleep. Champa for her part is unimpressed by either mother or son and mocks them when she gets home. Jeevan gives her money, which is promptly pocketed by the brothel owner Lallubhai. The next day Mohan's mom asks to see “Rajani” again, and Mohan asks Jeevan to bring her again that evening—Jeevan has told Mohan that she is the daughter of a distant relative. In any case, Champa/Rajani is bowled over by the expensive jewelry that Mohan's mom shows her as the family bride-to-be. She decides to forgo her fee, to Jeevan’s dismay, in favor of pretending to have real feelings for Mohan until she can find an opportunity to steal it. She soon does, as one day Mohan's mom gives her the bridal sari and jewelry to take home and try on. She puts on her finery for her customers that evening, and they make fun of her. She flees in humiliation and the jewels she put on so happily moments before now feel like they are scalding her. Her customers sing a lively qawwali to try and coax her out. But when she emerges, this time in her dance costume, they laugh at her again and she realizes that she means nothing to them, they don’t think of her as a person with feelings or emotions. The next day, subdued, she brings back the jewelry and bridal sari to Ma, who is recovering nicely. Ma’s warm greeting and kind affection makes her feel even worse. Meanwhile, Mohan has fallen for Rajani, and he wants to speak to her father. Jeevan puts him off, and he returns home to find Rajani there. He expresses his affection gently, and she tells him that she is not worthy. She leaves sadly, and the next evening refuses to dance for her customers. Lallu’s threats don’t move her either, and she throws him out after an impassioned speech about how he has been living off her earnings for years. He goes, but vows that he will make her dance in the bazaar. She goes to see Jeevan and makes him promise that he won’t tell Mohan the truth about her, not because she thinks she has a future with him, but because she can’t bear to become a lesser woman in his eyes. Soon after that, Mohan sees Rajani walking in the street. When he calls her name she flees, and he follows her to her house. Mohan is horrified and angry. He tells his bewildered mother that he will never see Rajani again."] ["Dutta Babu  is standing for elections against a cunning, corrupt, & established gangster, Bishamber Prasad , who is also powerful and influential enough to swing the election his way, as well as have Dutta killed. Inspector Ranjit Singh  gets evidence about Bishamber's involvement in Dutta's death, but his superior officer, DSP Ravi Khanna, prevents him from taking any action. Ranjit then meets with beautiful Namrata , and both get married. As Ranjit continues to be a thorn on Bishamber's side, he is killed, leaving behind a sorrowing Namrata and two children. Namrata pledges to avenge his death.http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1809223778/info Yahoo Movie Infohttp://www.rajinikanth.com/songs/phoolbaneangarays.htm Rajinikanth Song Information"] ["Thiru  is a carefree laid back guy who has a great time with his friends . He falls in love with Priya , who is the sister of Guru , a rich business tycoon. The story is about a cat-and-mouse game between Thiru and Guru, who is against Thiru and Priya's love. Thiru , the hero wins the game at the end."] ["Chintakayala Ravi  works in a bar named Cyber Wave in New York. He is a head waiter; he works with his three friends who also are waiters at the same bar. He has a soft spot for software engineers because he came to the US with the dream of becoming a software pro. Unavoidable circumstances prevented him from reaching that goal. His mother Seshamamba ([[Lakshmi  tells everybody in her village in Andhra Pradesh that her son is big software engineer in America. Ravi is hit hard with a sentiment; for the sole reason of not wanting to hurt his mother's feelings, he continues to tell her the sweet lie that he truly is a software engineer in America. However, problems arise when Seshamamba gets ready to marry her son to Lavanya ,a local village girl, because Lavanya believes Seshamamba when she says that Ravi is a software engineer. So, when Lavanya asks her childhood buddy, Sunitha , to enquire about Ravi, the truth comes out that he's a bar waiter. Her family gets angry that Ravi's family lied to them, and when Ravi arrives in the village for betrothal, he is subjected to humiliation. What happens later forms the remaining story. He troubles Sunitha. Later he saves Sunitha and Sunitha understands how a good person Ravi is when he saves her father. She aims a rejoining Ravi & Lavanya. In due course they fall in love with each other and get married."] ['Akash  does not believe in love, so he does not keep girlfriends for more than two weeks. Sameer  is a genial, well-meaning, desperately romantic but confused guy who is prone to romantic infatuations and believes to have found true love whenever he gets attracted to a girl. Siddharth , or Sid, an artist by profession and the most mature of the three, is not interested in trivial romances and is dedicated to his work. Akash, who is not only a cad in his personal life (breaking hearts, proposing to a girl named Shalini  but also a mischief-maker in his friends\' lives, craftily engineers a breakup between Sameer and his girlfriend. He then plans a vacation trip to the beaches of Goa. Sameer predictably "falls in love" in Goa with a pretty Swiss girl, a story that ends in disaster. He returns home to find that his parents have arranged a meeting with a potential marriage prospect. He resists at first as he does not want an arranged marriage, but the moment he sees the girl, Pooja , he realises that she is \'the one\'. Unfortunately, she is already in a relationship with someone else and Sameer has to be content with just being her friend. Sid, in the meantime, befriends and eventually falls in love with Tara , an older divorcee and alcoholic, who had moved into a nearby house and shares his love for art. He decides to keep it from her, suppressing all hopes of a relationship as he knows that she, like most other people in society, would consider this scandalous. When his family and friends start finding out, everything goes wrong. Sid\'s mother is horrified and wrongly accuses Tara of having led Sid on. Akash makes fun of Sid\'s true intentions and his offensive remarks create a rift in their friendship. Tara hears that Sid has quarrelled with friends and family because of her and feeling that she has ruined his life, refuses to see him. Akash, on the other hand, is also experiencing romantic upheaval. His parents send him to Sydney, Australia to work for the family business. On the flight, he meets Shalini again. He apologises for his earlier prank and asks her to show him around the new city. Even though Shalini is engaged to marry someone else, she finds herself agreeing and they both, eventually, start to feel a certain "something". She tries to find out how he feels, but he holds back. She then leaves for India to marry Rohit, her fiancé. Akash lets her go, then realizes that he can\'t live without her and returns to India to win her back. He proposes to her a day before her wedding and she accepts with the blessing of Rohit\'s parents. Rohit tries to resist but is helpless with his parents\' decision and Shalini\'s true love for Akash. Meanwhile, Sameer and Pooja start going out after she breaks up with her boyfriend, and Sameer plans on proposing marriage soon. Tara is hospitalized with liver cirrhosis and dies with Sid at her bedside. Sid and Akash reconcile  and two years after their first Goa trip, the three friends regroup in Goa where Sid meets a girl. They share a smile, implying that Sid is moving on. Along with the credits of the film you see all 6 sitting at a table; Akash with Shalini, Sameer with Pooja and Sid with that girl he met in Goa.'] ['The film starts off indicating the parallels of the story with that of Adam & Eve. Here, Adam is Ranjeet, Eve is Sharda while the apple is Nirmala. Ranjeet is newly employed in a company, whose pay scales can be gauged from the fact that he goes to work on a bicycle. However, this bicycle itself brings him face-to-face with Sharda, when he bumps into her by accident. Sharda\'s bicycle gets badly damaged & Ranjeet drops her off. Th same evening, Ranjeet goes to the wedding of his friend , a co-worker & a poet. Sharda is also present at the ceremony. Sharda & Ranjeet\'s love blossoms from there & soon they get married. In the course of a few years, Ranjeet is Sales Manager of the company and father of a son. Sharda & Ranjeet are still living in marital bliss. That is, until Nirmala, Ranjeet\'s new secretary, shows up. Ranjeet is inexplicably attracted to Nirmala. She is an honest girl who is trying to make two ends meet. She is much more beautiful compared to Sharda. But most of all, she knows nothing about Ranjeet\'s true intentions & his married life. Ranjeet is initially upset with his thoughts about her, but finally gives in. He carefully plans his further steps. He pretends to be the helpless grieving husband of a cancer stricken wife, who won\'t live much longer. Nirmala feels sorry for him, thus making it easier for him to get close to her. Nobody, not Sharda, not even his closest friend, suspects a thing. One day, Ranjeet bluffs to Sharda that he will be late coming home as he has a meeting. He takes Nirmala out to dinner. Next day, Sharda finds Nirmala\'s handkerchief, with lipstick marks on it, in Ranjeet\'s pocket. She immediately confronts Ranjeet, who makes up a story about a co-worker whose handkerchief he may have accidentally taken. Sharda reluctantly believes him. Ranjeet decides to take his next steps more carefully. Sharda too starts thinking that her fears were unfounded. Ranjeet makes even more interesting back up plans: He prepares two books of poetry, professing his love. The poems are the same in both, only one book contains Nirmala\'s name, and the other contains Sharda\'s. Ranjeet courts Nirmala without Sharda\'s knowledge. The turning point comes when Sharda sees him in a hotel with Nirmala. She later asks him about his meeting, about which the clueless Ranjeet lies. Sharda\'s fears are confirmed. She starts spying on him & Nirmala, taking incriminating pictures. After sufficient evidence is obtained, she secretly meets Nirmala, posing as a journalist. Nirmala, who hasn\'t seen Ranjeet\'s "ailing wife" yet, thinks Sharda intends to blackmail her. But Sharda reassures her that she won\'t. Nirmala spills all the beans, upon which Sharda reveals her true identity. Meanwhile, Ranjeet gets another promotion & rushes home happily to tell his wife about it. Sharda catches him unawares and lets him know that he is busted. Ranjeet does not know what has hit him. He turns round, only to see Nirmala behind him. Sharda tells him that she is leaving him & the divorce papers will be soon sent to him. Sharda & Nirmala console each other. Ranjeet calls upon his friend & lies that Nirmala has said some malicious lies to Sharda about him. Ranjeet\'s friend sides with him & lies about Nirmala\'s character. Sharda exposes Ranjeet in front of him as well, with help of the evidence she has collected. Sharda tells Ranjeet to choose either her or Nirmala. Ranjeet quietly gives Nirmala some money & lies to her, in a last-ditch attempt at damage control. But honest Nirmala returns the money to Sharda, making things even worse for Ranjeet. Sharda prepares to walk out on Ranjeet, while Nirmala resigns and leaves Ranjeet as well. Sharda comes to visit Ranjeet one last time, when their innocent son asks what is happening. Sharda decides to give Ranjeet another chance, if only for their son and soon life comes back on track. But soon another secretary joins the office & Ranjeet tries to resort to his antics once more. Just by coincidence, Ranjeet\'s friend suddenly walks in & Ranjeet backs off, taking this as a warning.'] ["Monica Gokhale  works for Bombay Heritage Society under Khandar Zala . Her plans of revamping the city's old buildings go against Maharaja Hari Holkar . To stop Gokhale, Holkar has her kidnapped. However, she is rescued by Jolly Maker , an innocent and not so smart person. This not only brings fame to Maker, but also makes Holkar join hands with Zala to bomb the Secretariat building and recruit scientist Vishwas Atmavishwas Pinakin  for the same. Realizing their plan, Gokhale reveals her true identity and joins hands with Maker to stop the crooks from destroying the city."] ['The film opens with young Radha sitting in a mustard field with her parents. Her mother tells her a story of a people who wanted to see the ocean; then she explains that sometimes one must learn to see some things  without looking. The film flashes forward to Sita, a newly married young woman, trying to perceive some emotion from her husband Jatin. Jatin appears distant and shows little interest in Sita or in being married. Sita is given a perfunctory welcome by Jatin\'s family. Jatin is in a typical joint family arrangement. He lives with his older brother Ashok, his sister-in-law Radha, his invalid mother  and the family servant Mundu. Their apartment is on the second floor of a two story dwelling in a crowded marketplace in New Delhi. Ashok and Jatin run a small store  that sells food  and rents videotapes. Sita is gradually exposed to various difficulties. She is also in a typical arranged marriage, but she learns that Jatin married her only to put an end to Ashok\'s incessant nagging. Jatin continues to date his Chinese girlfriend. Sita does not rebuke him for fear that it may bring dishonor to her parents. The rest of Jatin\'s home is not rosy either. Biji is paralyzed and without speech after a stroke, and Sita and Radha must constantly attend to Biji . Sita spends her days slaving in the hot and greasy kitchen, and she finds herself lonely and frustrated at night because Jatin is out dallying with his girlfriend. On the financial front, the store provides a modest income but their expenses are very high and they are unable to expand their business or buy a bigger home. Sita resignedly accepts these difficulties, but yearns to break out of this stifling and hopeless situation. It is later revealed that Radha faces a somewhat similar problem. Many years ago, Ashok had come under the influence of Swamiji, a local preacher, who teaches that desires are the cause of suffering and must be suppressed. Ashok is completely taken by these monastic teachings and accordingly suppresses all his desires. He also donates large sums from the meager store income to treat the Swamiji\'s hydrocele condition. It is also revealed that Radha cannot bear children, due to an untreatable ailment. The Swamiji, as per the strict devotional and spiritual convention, teaches that sexual contact is permitted only as a means for procreation. Accordingly, Ashok aims to stamp out all his desires and has not slept with Radha for the past 13 years. He puts Radha through an excruciating ritual in which they lie motionless next to each other whenever he wants to test his resolve. Radha is racked with guilt over her ailment and driven to frustration by the ritual. She resigns to live out her life, but is unable to stop her growing sadness. Radha and Sita go through the motions oscillating between their desires and disappointments. Radha, the older woman, remains bound by tradition and subdued into silence while Sita refuses to accept misfortune and wishes to break free. One evening, shunned by their husbands, provoked by their  feelings and driven to desperation by their unfulfilled longings, Radha and Sita seek solace in each other and become lovers. Overjoyed at finding satisfaction in this unusual manner, they resolve to continue it in secret. They eventually realize their love for each other and they start looking for ways to move out and be on their own. Things take a turn when the servant Mundu becomes aware of their relationship. When Radha reprimands him for masturbating to pornography in front of Biji, he warily reminds her that her own "hanky panky" is bad for the family. One day, Mundu causes Ashok to walk in on Radha and Sita. Ashok is horrified. He is shattered when he finds this incident has stoked his own long-dormant desire. He nevertheless confronts Radha. Radha overcomes her subservience and pours out her emotions. Desire impels life, and she desires Sita because she desires to live. She pointedly suggests that if Ashok seeks to control desires then he should henceforth seek Swamiji\'s help and stop the ritual. Amid this argument, Radha\'s sari catches fire. Ashok steps out of the way and angrily watches her burn . Radha puts out the flames and recalls her mother\'s advice from when she was young. She can finally see her ocean. She leaves Ashok. The film ends with Radha moving out and joining Sita.'] ["Sanjana , an exceptionally clumsy woman, lives in Paris with her uncle  and is about to marry her love, Rahul . Rahul is about to go to India on a business trip and Sanjana insists on going with him, even though she has an intense fear of flying. When the plane is ready to take off, Sanjana's fear gets the best of her and she creates havoc on the plane, managing to get herself off the aircraft safely. A few days later, during Rahul's daily phone call to Sanjana, he blurts out that he has fallen in love with Nisha  and intends not to come back to Paris to marry Sanjana. Sanjana decides to fly to India and get Rahul back whatever the cost, including overcoming her fear of flying. As the plane is about to take off, a passenger named Shekhar  sits next to her. He realizes that Sanjana is scared of flying, so he diverts her attention by provoking her. During the flight, Sanjana accidentally spills a drink on Shekhar and realizes that he is hiding something. Shekhar goes to the toilet, and while inside he pulls a plant wrapped in a cloth out of his pocket. He unwraps the cloth covering the plant, revealing a diamond necklace that he had stolen from Paris. After returning to his seat, he slips the necklace into one of Sanjana's bags in order to sneak it by customs. After a chaotic journey, the plane lands in India. Sanjana's bags, however, are eventually stolen, and Shekhar decides to stay with her as a way of staying close to the necklace. Meanwhile, Police Inspector Khan  is after Shekhar for stealing the necklace. Shekhar and Sanjana end up in Shekhar's native village, where they participate in the festivities surrounding the wedding of Shekhar's sister. Shekhar falls in love with Sanjana but does not tell her. Meanwhile, Sanjana finds out that Shekhar wanted to earn money for the surgery of his nephew, who needs a heart transplant. She tells him that she has had the diamond necklace all along, while Shekhar promises to help Sanjana find Rahul. Rahul has gone to Palam Beach with Nisha, and Sanjana, still in love with Rahul, is determined to separate them. She and Shekhar go to Palam Beach and find Rahul and Nisha, and Shekhar pretends to be Sanjana's boyfriend to make Rahul jealous, all the while being careful not to reveal his true feelings to her. Sanjana, unfortunately, opts for another plot – acting as a rich heiress – and makes Rahul rethink his relationship with her. Shekhar and Sanjana are invited to Nisha's birthday party, where she announces that she and Rahul are engaged. Sanjana is shocked, and in a moment realizes that she has fallen for the brooding, intense Shekhar. However, she does not tell him, not knowing that he loves her as well. One day, Inspector Khan finds Sanjana and tells her that Shekhar has stolen the necklace, and that he wants it back without having to arrest him for theft. Sanjana, knowing how important the necklace is for Shekhar, gives it back to Inspector Khan but tells her boss in Paris to get all her francs, convert them to rupees, and give them to Shekhar. She then tells Shekhar that she sold the necklace, and that she has decided to return to France. After Sanjana leaves, Inspector Khan tells Shekhar what Sanjana did for him, and he rushes off to the airport to tell Sanjana of his love. He manages to stop her flight from taking off. Shekhar tells Sanjana he loves her, and she tearfully confesses that she loves him too. The two embrace on the plane in front of the cheering passengers."] ["Advocate Ravishankar ([[Sreenivasan  is an idealist. He is practicing as the junior to a clever and cunning advocate Venugopal ([[Innocent , who is often rude and ill-mannered towards his juniors. Ravishankar studied law with the intention of doing service to society but it didn't take much time to realize that the judiciary is filled with corruption and has no moral values. After years of being a junior, once Ravishankar gets a case which he can present in the court of law. But at the last minute, Venugopal gives the case to someone else. Frustrated Ravishankar beats up Venugopal and quits being junior to him. He then becomes independent and the first case that came Ravishankar's way was that of the murder of D.F.O Sarath Shetty. Venugopal appears as his opposition. The rest of the film is about Ravishankar's struggle to bring out the truth and make his mark in his career."] ["The notorious Khokha Singh entraps dedicated police inspector Satyadevi Singh . She has three extraordinary, powerful children-Shakti , Anand  and Romi  in jail. They are her Trimurti, who she hopes will assist her in avenging her humiliation. What she doesn't know is that Anand and Shakti had a fight when they were young. Anand left the house and is assumed dead. After 18 years Shakti and Romi live together and think their mother is dead. Their uncle tells them she is hoping that the brothers will once again become their mother's Trimurti. Shakti works for the military. Romi is in love with a higher class girl named Radha. They love each other so much that they decide to die when they cannot get married. After pleading with his brother and almost drinking poison, he and Shakti go to Radha's house to ask for her hand. Shakti is humiliated. Romi runs away from home and become successful. He starts working for Khokha Singh without knowing the issues between Khokha Singh and his mother. Romi meets Sikander, a rich man working in the black market; he feels sympathy for Romi because he is a romantic at heart. He helps Romi become rich. Sikander goes to Romi's village after hearing some religious music from there. He sees a picture of his mother &mdash; who is Shakti and Romi's mother. He slowly tries to rekindle his relationship with Shakti, but once again they have a fight and Shakti learns that he is Anand. After 18 long years, Satyadevi is released from jail due to good behavior. She learns from her brother, Bhanu, that all is not well with her sons. Shakti is an emotional wreck; Anand is missing; and Romi works for Khokha Singh, who has assigned him the task of abducting and killing Satyadevi. In the end after a lot of hardships, the three brothers come together, kill Khokha Singh, and save their mother."] ["Life in Chunni's village is all peace and quiet, and great fun. She fools the villagers including her parent with her impersonation of her twin sister, Munni. In the village, there is a mansion that is said to be haunted and legend goes that a witch called Makdee  resides there. The legend has it that whosoever wonders into the mansion, comes out as an animal! No one in the village dares enter the mansion. Things are going fine for Chunni until the day one of her pranks gets quite out of hand. As a result of this, Munni, her docile sister, enters the mansion, where the witch turns the little girl into a hen! Chunni is hysterical when she discovers this. She runs from pillar to post to get help, but her credibility is at an all-time low and the entire village refuses to believe her, so Chunni finally enters the haunted mansion alone to search for her sister. In the mansion she comes face to face with the witch, she pleads with the witch to let her poor little sister go, as it was no fault of hers. But the witch asks her to strike a deal. She will turn Munni back into a human only if Chunni can acquire for her hundred hens in exchange. All of a sudden, Chunni is confronted with the biggest challenge of her life. But somehow, down the line, she realises that all this was just a ruse. The witch can't really turn humans into animals, she merely locks them up. All the people locked up are finally freed and the village finds a new hero in Chunni"] ['Vasanth ([[Vijay  is a son of a wealthy businessman and grows up with a possessive attitude. This is shown in one scene in a gift shop where he breaks a gift he likes solely because it had already been bought by someone else. He pays the owner to cover the damages, but he responds with a tagline - "If I can\'t get it, nobody can". He happens to visit Rajastan, where he meets Priya ([[Kausalya  and falls in love immediately. Priya is injured in an accident and Vasanth\'s friend  rescues her by donating blood. Being unconscious, Priya doesn\'t know the face of her savior, only the name "Vasanth Kumar". After she recovers, Vijay tries to enter the picture, using the confusion in the name and making use of the soft-corner in her heart for her donor. Vijay claims to be her donor and they both develop their romance, using this as a starting point. But how long will this deception go on? Watch the movie to find out.'] ["Indu  and DK  have a happy marriage and two daughters &mdash; Pinky and Minni. The tranquility of their life is shattered when DK receives word that he has a son from a short-term affair with Bhavana  during his visit to Nainital when his wife Indu was about to give birth to their first child Pinky. Bhavana did not tell DK about this since she did not want to disturb his life. Now that she is dead, her guardian Masterji sends word to DK in Delhi saying that the boy, Rahul , who is eight years old, needs a home. Despite the objections of Indu, who is devastated to learn of her husband's infedility, the boy comes to stay with them in Delhi for some time. Rahul is never told that DK is his father. Rahul bonds with DK and his daughters. But Indu can't bear to look at him, who is a tangible reminder of DK's betrayal. DK, worried by the effect that Rahul is having on his family, decides to put him in a boarding school in St. Joseph's College, Nainital; Rahul accepts with reluctance. After gaining admission at the school and returning to Delhi before his permanent move to Nainital, Rahul figures out that DK is his father and runs away from home. After he is escorted home by a police officer, Rahul confesses his awareness of the identity of his father to Indu. Indu is unable to bear the heartbreak of the young child and intercepts Rahul before he is put onto the train to Nainital, thereby accepting him into the family and wholeheartedly forgiving DK."] ["Govindan  is a thief who has two children: Aadhi  and Mathi ([[Vikram . Years go by and the two, Aadhi and Madhi, decide to stop stealing and mend their ways and lead a hardworking life along with their father. They migrate to neighboring village and meet a retired agricultural officer, Chidambaram ([[Vijayakumar  who is in deep debt and is under pressure from the village's landlord, Kalingarayar  to clear his debts. In efforts to help Chidambaran, Mathi confronts Seetha Lakshmi , Kalingarayar's daughter, who comes to collect the money Chidambaram owes her father. Seetha Lakshmi starts to acquire a liking for Mathi but keeps it hidden due to her father's atrocious temper. In an attempt to teach Kalingarayar a lesson, Mathi forcibly ties the mangalsutram around Seetha's neck. Kalingarayar, realizing his daughter's love for Mathi, comes down to arrange a grand re-marriage between the two. But things go awry when Manicka Vel , Seetha Lakshmi's maternal uncle, comes to town in an effort to stop the wedding between the two as he has plans of marrying her and wiping her family fortune."] ['A poor peasant  from the village, who comes to the city in search of work, is looking for some water to quench his thirst. He unwittingly enters an apartment building, whose residents take him for a thief and chase him. He runs from one flat to the other trying to escape his predicament. Along the way, he witnesses many shady undertakings in the flats where he hides. Ironically, these crimes are being committed by the so called "respectable" citizens of the city, who by day, lead a life totally in contrast to their nighttime deeds behind closed doors. He is shocked by these events, and tries to escape by evading the search parties, that are patrolling the apartment building in search of the elusive thief. He is unfortunately seen, and people chase him to the roof of the building. He puts up a brave resistance, and then descends by the water pipes onto the porch of a flat. He goes in to find a young girl . She talks to him and kindles a self belief in the peasant, who determinedly tries to face the adversity waiting outside. But when he ventures out of the flat, he is surprised to find that nobody takes notice of him. He eventually leaves the apartment building, his thirst still unquenched. He hears a beautiful song and searching for its source arrives at the doorstep of a woman  drawing water from a well. His thirst is finally assuaged.'] ['An advertising executive, Aditya/Adi  has a beautiful wife  at home and a beautiful mistress . This secret affair is the catalyst for much of the plot. Adi ends up getting into a scuffle with a bunch of gangsters led by Ramanbhai, . To add to all the tension, Ramanbhai himself is under quite some duress because his colleague, Vilas Pandey is after his life. A small-scale gang war erupts in the city, a cop  is changing sides faster than a chameleon, a rival gang lord  is offering deals - and in the middle of all this, Nirmal Pandey finds himself caught. This happens in the span of single night.'] ["Singham opens with an honest police officer in Goa, Rakesh Kadam , committing suicide because of false accusations of corruption by Jaikant Shikre , a don and politician in Goa running a kidnapping racket. Kadam's wife Megha Kadam  vows revenge. The story moves to Shivgarh, a small village near the Goa-Maharashtra border where majority of the population are of Marathi origin. Bajirao Singham , an honest Maratha police inspector like Kadam, is in charge. He resolves most of the problems in his town with non-violence and mutual counselling. He uses force only when the situation demands it, thereby gaining much reputation and love from the villagers. Gautam Bhosle  is an industrialist and a friend of Singham’s father Manikrao Singham . He comes to town with his beautiful daughter Kavya . Eventually Singham and Kavya fall in love with each other. Everything seems to run smoothly until Jaikant, who is given a conditional bail for a murder he committed, is required to travel to Shivgarh to sign the bail every fortnight. He, instead, sends one of his allies to do the formalities, much to the anger and rage of Singham who demands Jaikant sign the bail in person. Humiliated, Jaikant reaches Shivgarh but is unable to take any revenge on Singham fearing the immense love and devotion of the entire village towards Singham. Using his political contacts, he gets Singham transferred to Goa to teach him a lesson. Singham, unaware of Jaikant’s hand behind his transfer, joins Colva police station. His co-workers, Sub-Inspector Phadnis , Sub-Inspector Abbas , Head Constable Savalkar  hate Jaikant for his crimes but are unable to take any action because of Jaikant’s political powers. DSP Patkar , Singham's senior, is on Jaikant's payroll and takes care in concealing and eliminating the evidence of Jaikant’s crime from the eyes of the law. Singham tries to take this to the notice of DGP Vikram Pawar  but it turns out to be of no use as there is no evidences against Jaikant and Patkar. The local minister Anant Narvekar  does not help Singham and, in turn, he warns him to stay away from Jaikant's case. Defeated Singham wants to return to his hometown but is stopped by Kavya and Insp.Kadam's son Nitin  who encourage him to fight against the evil and not run like a coward. Being mentally tortured by Jaikant, Singham arrests Jaikant’s henchman Shiva  in a fake case of illegally smuggling alcohol. He thwarts off DSP Patkar in full view of the public when Patkar, bounded by his duties to Jaikant, tries to protect Shiva. Meanwhile, Megha Kadam, after being ridiculed by DGP Pawar and minister Narvekar for her corrupt husband’s death, seeks help from Singham to abolish the corruption charges against her husband; he obliges. Jaikant kidnaps Kavya’s younger sister for ransom. Rescuing her, Singham successfully traces the origins of the kidnapping racket to Jaikant but is unable to arrest him as he finally wins a political election to become a minister. Jaikant, on becoming a minister, manages to send transfer orders to Singham to go back to Shivgarh. That night at a police function organised for the officers with their family, Singham confronts the officers for not abiding to their duties and being dishonest and unfaithful to their profession by protecting Jaikant. Filled with guilt, the officers decide to help Singham fight Jaikant. They reach his home to kill him, with DGP Pawar and Patkar, now in support with Singham. Jaikant eventually escapes but, after running through the city, he is arrested by the police the next morning. They bring him to the police station and shoot him dead on the same chair where Inspector Rakesh Kadam shot himself. Then they threaten Shiva to change his statement. Jaikant and Minister Narvekar are proved guilty. At a media conference, DGP Pawar and Singham clear Kadam of all corruption charges. The film ends with Singham and other police officers saluting Mrs. Kadam."] ['The story begins at an airport, when Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs and Shaleen offer to tell Mala, Jiggy\'s friend & crush, the tale of Jai and Aditi, a love story with joys and sorrows, happiness and heartbreaks, laughter, songs and fights, and...a climax at the airport. Mala is initially uninterested in the story, and hates loves stories in general, but still agrees to listen as the flight carrying the friends they have come to receive is late. Meet Jai Singh Rathore, a.k.a. ‘Rats’, the most non-violent Rajput ever. Meet Aditi Mahant, aka ‘Meow‘, a highly aggressive, impulsive girl. She abuses. She scratches  Ride a horse. They tell him that his father was a brave man and fought heroically with his enemies but died while doing so. Jai realizes that his mother had lied to him by claiming that his father was a non-violent person who died while trying to stop someone\'s fight. Unaware of all this, Aditi makes her way to the international airport for departure to USA. Bhaloo and Bhageere, who are sons of an MLA, use their influence to get Jai free, following which, Jai rides a horse, borrowed from his cousin, and heads towards the airport to stop her. Thus, Jai fulfills all the three conditions to become a man in Rathore Clan, causing dismay to Jai\'s mother and delight to spirit of Jai\'s father, as it had challenged Jai\'s mother that Jai will fulfill the conditions some day. He jumps over the security booths and runs, seeking for Aditi, while the Airport security chases him, supposing him to be a terrorist who ran away from security checks. He finds Aditi and sings the song - "Jaane tu ya jaane na" for her, which is the same song that Jai had said in the beginning he\'d sing for the love of his life. Aditi, delighted, hugs him and cancels her US trip. Airport security cop Inspector Prakash, on finding that Jai is not a terrorist, lets him go, but with a warning. Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs and Shaleen conclude the story and welcome Jai and Aditi, just returning from their honeymoon, at the airport. Mala gets extremely delighted to see them and introduces herself as Jiggy’s girlfriend and they leave the airport together.'] ["Aditya is seemingly living every Indian man's dream. He's married to a stunning, traditional wife, Ashwini and has a bright young boy. But he is having a relationship with his secretary, Geeta Menon who has a wild personality. He manages to balance both the ladies perfectly with clever lies. He promises Geeta he will marry her, after divorcing his wife Ashwini. On one of their romantic excursions, Aditya takes Geeta to his friend's bunglow at Mudisland. All seems fine until Geeta shocks Aditya with news that she is pregnant. Worried, he insists that they cannot have a child together and suggests an abortion. This attitude enrages Geeta and they engage in a fight in which he pushes her and she accidentally hits her head against a hard object, the force of which kills her instantly. He disposes of her body and returns home, behaving as if everything is normal. His former wild lover returns as a ghost who will stop at nothing till she gets her revenge. She appears often to frighten Aditya. Ashwini notices her husband's fear of a ghost whom she cannot see. To relieve his guilt, Aditya admits his affair with Geeta- and her death- to Ashwini. His wife's reaction is to leave but she is then admitted to hospital due to a major accident. Geeta returns to the frame and gives her forgiveness to Aditya. Ashwini recovers but Geeta's revengeful soul has transferred into her body."] ['In Ankert University, California, Alisha  is the most beautiful girl on campus with plenty of admirers. Awkward, nerdy Abhay  is in love with her, although she is unaware of his existence. One night Alisha is partying with her friends and accidentally falls into a river. Abhay jumps in and rescues her from drowning, but her friends take her away before she regains consciousness. Abhay is further prevented from seeing Alisha the next day when her outraged father comes to the college and removes her from college. Abhay nurses dreams of Alisha for seven years as he moves on with his life. He invents a revolutionary software program that cross integrates every existing operating system. However, when he tries to sell it, he discovers that unscrupulous software salesman Siddharth \'Siddhu\' Singh  has copied the software without his knowledge and is marketing it to a Singapore firm as his own invention. Abhay journeys to Singapore to confront Siddhu, but sees Alisha at the company headquarters where she works as its PR representative. Still besotted, he follows her home and due to a misunderstanding she mistakes him for a nanny she was expecting from an employment agency. She is now divorced with a small daughter by the name of Tanya, and in search of a nanny, therefore Abhay decides to become Tanya\'s nanny and keeps his identity a secret in order to stay close to Alisha. Abhay takes care of her house and Tanya with lots of difficulties, and Tanya nicknames him "Froggy" because of his nerdy looks. Eventually they get along really well. Things become complicated when Siddhu shows up trying to romance Alisha and sells the stolen software to her company. Abhay finds out that Siddharth\'s real name is Varun Sanghvi and tries to hide from Varun even while he grows closer to Alisha; she confides in Abhay and he dresses her up in glasses and old clothes to show her how differently people are treated when they appear to be unattractive. Alisha feels sorry for Abhay. As the launch date for the software approaches, Abhay is unmasked by Varun who claims he is a delusional stalker. Alisha is angry that he lied and orders Abhay out of the house without giving him a chance to explain. However, she finds out from her daughter that Abhay is the mysterious person who rescued her in college; she also realizes that when Abhay told her about the girl he loved in college for seven years, he was talking about her. Alisha finds Abhay and apologizes to him saying that she has fallen in love with him. Abhay then tells her that he was the one who created the software for which Varun is taking all the credit. They rush to the software launch to stop Varun who is easily discredited when he doesn\'t know the password to Abhay\'s software. Abhay is able to prove that it is his creation.Abhay makes Alisha realise that her name is the password:A-L-I-S-H-A. Alisha and Abhay happily lives with Tanya now.'] ['Don begins, true to its title, as the story of one of the most powerful men in the business of crime, who in spite of being one of the most wanted on the list of Interpol, remains elusive to the police. Along with the police, Don makes a few other enemies through his merciless approach to running his organization, especially when he kills one of his own men, Ramesh, when Ramesh decides to leave the business. This introduces Don to two new enemies, Kamini , Ramesh’s fiancee, and Roma,  Ramesh’s sister. When Kamini seduces Don and attempts to have the police arrest him, her plan backfires as Don outsmarts her and the police in his escape, and in the process, Kamini gets killed. A shattered, revenge-seeking Roma gets her hair cut short, trains in judo and karate, then enters Don’s gang after deceiving them into thinking that she too is on the wrong side of the law. Don is impressed with her fighting skills and allows her to work for him, without realizing her true intentions. Meanwhile, after a couple of unsuccessful attempts at nabbing Don, the police finally succeed, but Don dies during the pursuit, botching Officer D’Silva’s plan to reach the source of all crime—the man Don reported to—through capturing Don alive. D’Silva buries Don’s body, ensuring that people believe that he may still be alive. As luck would have it, D’Silva remembers his chance encounter with Vijay , a simpleton trying to survive in the hustle and bustle of Bombay in order to support two small foster children, who is an exact lookalike of Don. D’Silva hatches a plan to transform Vijay into Don so he can arrest the rest of the gang. Around the time Vijay "returns" to Don\'s gang as Don under the guise of amnesia, Jasjit , just released from jail, begins his mission of revenge against D’Silva and his search for his children Deepu and Muni, who had been saved and taken care of by Vijay. Vijay manages to replace the red diary with a blank one, and tells his gang that he is going to take revenge on the DSP, but is actually going there to give him the red diary. Roma goes after him, but Vijay survives the attack and he tries to explain to her that he is not Don, but Vijay. She refuses to believe him at first but D\'Silva intervenes and tells her that the man she is trying to kill is indeed Vijay. Meanwhile, as Vijay learns more and more about Don through his discovery of his diary and Roma’s help, he announces to his colleagues that his memory is back. Celebrations ensue, as Don announces his return to the world, but things take a drastic turn when the police raid the celebrations, acting upon Vijay\'s information, but Vijay’s only witness to his true identity, D’Silva, dies in the crossfire. Tangled in a web of confusion where the police refuse to believe that he is Vijay, whereas his underworld gang realizes that he is indeed not Don, Vijay becomes not only hated by the police, but also by Don’s right-hand man, Narang, and the rest of his gang. To add to Vijay’s woes, Don’s diary which he had handed over to D’Silva — his last hope of proving his innocence — is stolen by Jasjit in an attempt to track down his lost children, without realizing that Vijay is the one man who can reunite them. Vijay escapes the clutches of the police and the underworld with Roma’s help and returns to his old self though he struggles to prove his identity and innocence. After a long fight of Vijay against Vardan\'s men Roma ends up getting the diary and one of the gangster\'s snatch it and burn it. The ending reveals that the diary which was burnt was, in fact, the fake diary and Vijay had the real one in order to trick Vardan, he gives the proof to the police and all charges are put against him, Vardan is arrested and Vijay returns to his old life.'] ["Nitin Bankar  and Ram Mishra  are lucky in love, otherwise their life is a big zero as their bank balance. Nitin is stuck as a servant cum driver of Kuljeet Kaur , according to the conditions of a loan which his father had taken to educate Nitin. Kuljeet is the owner of many malls, restaurants, and other places in Singapore, where this whole story is based. Nitin is fed up with Kuljeet's dog, Moolchand Ji, who always puts Nitin into trouble. Ram works for a courier service in Singapore. He had originally come there to work in Chinese films, but he was not selected. Anjali Kakkad , is in love with Nitin and Manpreet Oberoi  is in love with Ram. Both of their girlfriends are rich, and they put a condition - get money or forget us. Inspector Wilson Parera  is on the trail of Harbans Chadda  who has nine arrest warrants due to cheque bounces. He is eager to get his son, Nonny Chadda  married, so that he can get dowry of the wedding and pay of all his debts. He finalizes Nonny's wedding with Anjali, after her father, Kakkad , brings up the topic. Later at a casino, meets Mr. Oberoi . After finding out that Oberoi is one of the richest Indians in Singapore, he lies to Oberoi to fix Nonny's wedding with Manpreet, which finally works out. As he didn't inform Kakkad, Kakkad gets really angry with Harbans. To counter Harbans, Kakkad fixes his daughter Anjali's wedding with someone else. At the same casino where Harbans met Oberoi, Musha Heerapoorwala , decides to get married to Anu Chopra , a dancer at that casino. After his brother-in-law finds out, he hires a Mafia Don, Maamu , to kill Musha. Maamu sends his best assassin, Kaala Krishna Murali  to do the job. To hide from his wife, Musha books a room in Pan Pacific Hotel under the name Suber. To get rid of all problems and earn some money, Nitin and Ram decide to kidnap Moolchand Ji, as that is the only thing 'living' that Kuljeet, the rich lady, loves. But things go wrong - after they reached Pan Pacific Hotel, the place where they decide to stay, they realize that Moolchand Ji has escaped, causing the police to believe that its Nitin who has been kidnapped. Things worsen when Anjali runs away from home and reaches their room. Initially, Kuljeet refuses to pay the ransom to the kidnappers, but after all her customers decide to go on a strike, she agrees to pay the ransom. As Nitin does not want to go back to Kuljeet, they come up with a plan - they decide to get a dead body from Maamu and throw it onto the railway tracks, along with his driving licence, and then spread the news that the kidnappers have killed Nitin. Harbans' and Oberoi's families come to Pan Pacific Hotel, where the wedding is going to take place. Harbans and Oberoi click a photo to celebrate their families uniting. To give the advance money to Maamu, Nitin waits at the entrance of Pan Pacific, waiting for Maamu's man to come and say the code 'I'm Maamu's man'. But Kakkad arrives at the hotel, and chases Nitin into Harbans' room. Nitin tries to hide under the bed, but there is no place for him. At the same time, Harbans enters his room and to hide from Harbans, Nitin hides inside the wardrobe. Fed up of his calls, Harbans throws his mobile into the wardrobe and locks it, causing Nitin to get stuck in a wardrobe. Next what happens is De Dana Dan - confusion, mistaken room numbers, mistaken identities. and continuous chases. Kakkad breaks into Paramjeet Singh Lamba's  room, who is the Indian Ambassador. Harbans mistakes Anu for Anjali, which causes great confusion later. Musha's photo, gets exchanged with Oberoi's photo, so Kaala tries to kill Oberoi. Wilson reaches Harbans' room and searches for Harbans, and opens the wardrobe to find Nitin, and mistakes him as Harbans. In an attempt to kill Oberoi, Kaala ends up falling onto Ram's and Nitin's truck, which they take to pick up the ransom. While picking up the ransom, Nitin gets left behind, and is taken to the hospital, while Ram takes the money and reaches the hotel, and Kaala is assumed to be the kidnapper, as he was on top of the truck. And to top it all, Maamu arrives at the hotel with a dead body that nobody wants. In the end, a bomb enters the water-tank of the hotel, which causes it to burst and make the hotel flood. At the end, Nitin, Anjali, Ram and Manpreet get the money and live happily ever after, even though nobody else is happy."] ['Inayat Khan  is the Senior Superintendent of Police responsible for the security of Srinagar, Kashmir. One day, his young son Irfaan  suffers an accident and is taken to a hospital. Unfortunately, due to a fatwa instigated by the leader of a terrorist group forbidding doctors to treat policemen, as one doctor named Aktar, his wife, and daughter fell victim to the terrorist group after treating Khan, the doctors refused to treat Irfaan. Khan angrily swears to kill the doctors if they don\'t treat his son, but they still refused, saying they are willing to die to ensure their families\' safety from the terrorist group. As a result, Irfaan dies, and Khan swears to put an end to the threat of the terrorist group in revenge for his son\'s death. After finding out that the group of terrorists is taking refuge in the village of Dalgate, Khan and his men manage to attack and kill the criminals. Unfortunately, a family is caught in the crossfire, and they are killed as well. A young boy named Altaaf is the only family member who survives the shooting. He is severely traumatized by seeing his parents and sister die before his eyes and is haunted by the memory of the masked face of one of the police officers who shot at his family: that police officer is Khan. Altaaf falls unconscious and is jailed by Khan\'s men, much to Khan\'s anger, who then berates his officers for placing an orphaned boy in a cell just because his family offered shelter to the terrorists. Khan\'s wife Neelima , having just lost Irfaan and feeling sorry for Altaaf, attempts to persuade Khan to let them adopt the boy. Khan, despite his fear that Altaaf may one day discover the truth and get revenge for it, reluctantly agrees, feeling extremely remorseful for killing Altaaf\'s family. Just when Altaaf seemed to have settled down in his new home and accepted Khan and Neelima as his new parents, he finds Khan\'s mask and realizes that Khan was one of the police who killed his family. After an unsuccessful attempt on Khan\'s life, the angry Altaaf runs away and is found and brought up by a terrorist group led by their Pathan leader Hilal Kohistani , who brainwashes him into thinking that he and his men act according to Islamic principles and trains him to become a terrorist. Ten years later, Hilal and an adult Altaaf  are assigned the task of completing "Mission Kashmir," a plan of an unnamed terrorist sponsor that involves &mdash; or so Altaaf is told &mdash; killing the Indian prime minister. Hilal uses Altaaf\'s hatred as a means to achieve his own goals, all the while encouraging Altaaf to target Khan  in revenge of his family\'s death. Altaaf visits his childhood friend and TV personality Sufiya Parvez  and, though he falls in love with her and helps at her concerts, he still uses her to try and make Hilal\'s side plans  successful. He makes another unsuccessful attempt on Khan\'s life and, in the process, Khan recognizes him and begins trying to track him down, much to Neelima\'s discomfort, resulting a fallout between Khan and Neelima. At the same time, Sufiya learns of Altaaf\'s occupation as a militant, and breaks off her relationship with him, feeling somewhat betrayed, despite knowing that his family tragedy has caused him to go that way. On the same date Atlaaf\'s family was murdered, Altaaf makes another attempt on Khan by having three of Hilal\'s men to plant a bomb on Khan\'s briefcase. Unfortunately, this time, Neelima falls victim to it, much to the distraught of both Khan and Altaaf, with the former being unable to apologize for his argument with her and the latter screaming in remorseful agony for killing her. Eventually, Khan manages to invade one of Hilal\'s men\'s hideouts and discovers evidence and information about Mission Kashmir after catching the men who planted the briefcase bomb. After going through some cassette tapes with the help from Sufiya, he realizes that Mission Kashmir has nothing to do with taking down the Prime Minister at all: instead, the true goal of Mission Kashmir is to launch missiles on the local Muslim mosque and the local Hindu temple to escalate Hindu-Muslim conflict across the subcontinent, thereby dividing Kashmir and turning it into a war zone. It also turns out that the attack on the TV tower was planned to spread the rumor of murdering the Prime Minister to cover up the terrorists\' true goal. Hilal deliberately does not tell Altaaf what Mission Kashmir really is, knowing that Altaaf would not support it and would try to stop it; this was evident of when Atlaaf leaves to the swampy hideouts to prepare for the launches, Hilal secretly tells one of his men to keep an eye on Atlaaf, ordering his death if he doesn\'t consent over what the true targets will be. Through staging a fire in the jail that allowed one of the bomb-briefcase men to escape, Khan and his men managed to track down and capture Hilal, but they are distraught to hear that Altaaf and the other terrorists have left for to launch the missiles, something which neither the police nor the army can take action, as they still don\'t have any idea or time to find out where the missiles will be launched. Deciding to play wise on this, Khan offers to make a deal with Hilal: going under the false pretense of allowing Hilal and his men to continue forward with Mission Kashmir in exchange for Altaaf, whom Khan swore to kill. He secretly lies to Hilal that he is more occupied with revenge for Neelima\'s death rather than doing his job of serving his country. Seeing that Khan\'s \'hatred\' of Altaaf is worthy of a Pathan\'s duty, Hilal accepts the deal, and to ensure no other mistake will be made, Khan goes alone with Hilal to the missile hideouts. As Hilal and Khan reached the swamps, Hilal tells Altaaf of Khan\'s whereabouts. At that point, an enraged, hate-filled Altaaf starts attacking a weary Khan to exact his revenge for his family\'s demise. While doing so, Khan reveals to him the true goals of Mission Kashmir, stating that Kashmir will be turned into a hell if the Hindu-Muslim conflicts arise by the missiles. Having had enough of listening to him, Altaaf attempts to shoot Khan in the head. Khan, expressing his dear love for Altaaf and his dear remorse for killing his family, is willing to accept his fate, but begs Altaaf to stop Hilal and his plans. As Altaaf struggles to do it, he then remembers that he once knew about the shrines Neelima took him to and the comment Neelima said about choosing sides during her visit earlier. Unwilling to betray his mother, Atlaaf decides to put his plan of revenge aside and aids Khan into stopping Hilal and his men from targeting the holy shrines. Just as things are about to end, Hilal throws a bomb to distract them before getting shot to death by Altaaf, giving Hilal\'s men a chance to prepare to blow up the shrines, much to Altaaf\'s shock. While Khan fights back by shooting several terrorists to death, Altaaf redeems himself by taking possession of a missile launcher and using it to destroy the other launchers and kill the remaining terrorists, thus saving the shrines. Eventually, Altaaf gets shot in the torso, and he falls into the swamps. Khan then jumps in and safely takes the unconscious Altaaf back to dry land, evading the explosion of the hideouts caused by Altaaf\'s act of redemption. The plans of Mission Kashmir are revealed to the public by the media, and the terrorist sponsor\'s hideout is found by Kashmiri police, who shoot the sponsor offscreen as he tries to get away after killing two of his associates. Altaaf wakes up from a nice dream based one of his pictures he drew as a child in Khan\'s house, where he reconciles with Sufiya and forgives Khan, accepting him as his father again after 10 years.'] ['Orphaned at very young ages, Shekhar Malhotra  and Amit Malhotra  are survivors and lead independent lives with Shekhar being a Squadron Leader with the Indian Air Force, and Amit a struggling writer. While Shekhar has fallen in love with lovely Shobha , Amit woos an attractive Chandni . Both brothers plan to marry together. But fate has something much worse in store for them when Shekhar is killed in a plane crash, leaving behind a pregnant and devastated Shobha. Taking pity on Shobha\'s plight, Amit marries her and writes to Chandni to forget him. This news breaks Chandni\'s heart, and she goes on to marry Dr. V.K. Anand , who is very much in love with her. Tragedy strikes once more, and Shobha loses her child in a car accident. With no child to tie them together, Amit and Shobha drift apart. Amit happens to meet Chandni and they secretly rekindle their romance. They meet on the sly, until one day when Chandni accidentally hits a passerby. The police get involved, but Amit manages to hush the matter up. But their secret meetings will no longer be secret anymore for the police inspector in charge of this accident is none other than Shobha\'s cousin , who is determined to expose Amit\'s affair with Chandni. Soon Amit decides that he can no longer continue this loveless marriage and wishes to reconcile with Chandni. This news shatters Shobha but she does not lose hope. She believes that if her love is true he will return to her. Amit and Chandni leave town to start a new life elsewhere but tragedy strikes. Dr. Anand\'s plane crashes causing both to return to the wreckage site. There Amit is confronted with Shoba who in a fit of emotions reveals that she is expecting his child. There Chandni herself realises her love for her husband. The film ends with a song portraying Amit and Shoba living happily with a message "Love is faith and faith is forever".'] ['The film opens with illegal arms trade taking place in India. An arsenal enters Indian territory via the state of Rajasthan, which makes its way to interior of India with help of many middlemen. Bala Thakur, a gun handler in Chandrapur, provides the arms to Veeran, a forest dwelling brigand. Later, Veeran and his gang attack a bus, mercilessly gunning down every person in it. The government appoints a Special Action Team in Mumbai to trace the roots behind the attack. The team learns about Bala Thakur, but thanks to his informants, Thakur flees before he can be apprehended. Meanwhile, ACP Ajay Singh Rathod, a resident of Mumbai, is attending a concert by the famed ghazal singer Gulfam Hassan, where he spots a familiar face, Seema. Ajay had a crush over Seema when they were studying in Delhi, but never got the courage to propose her. The duo are happy to meet each other again. Gulfam, on the other hand, is Indian by birth, but had to move to Pakistan as a child during partition. Deeply scarred due to the experience, he is still happy that the Government allows him to live in his palatial residence whenever he comes to India. Gulfam finds a huge fan in Ajay, who used to attend his programs as a child. Despite the age difference, the two bond. Inspector Salim is taken off from the Special Action Team when a notorious gangster Sultan escapes his clutches. Despite being an honest and upright police officer with the best intelligence gathering network in the force, Salim is rueful that he is being given a step motherly treatment because he is a Muslim. His anger at the system doesn\'t lessen when Ajay, who was his junior, is told to head the team. Ajay wants Salim on the team, but Salim refuses. It is revealed that Ajay\'s father and elder brother were going to testify against some criminals, but in an attempt to stop them from doing so, Ajay\'s elder brother was killed. Ajay\'s father was kidnapped and by the time the criminals spared him, the man had lost his voice. This made Ajay to join the police force. Unknown to Ajay, Gulfam is also working on the payroll of the bad guys. Since Gulfam likes Ajay, he sees to it that nothing untoward happens to latter. Here, Salim finds the location of Bala Thakur alongwith the information that Sultan, the man who escaped from his clutches, will also be there. Salim gives the information to Ajay. An encounter at the criminals\' rendezvous results in the death of Bala Thakur and Ajay is seriously injured. Though Sultan and his right-hand man Shiva manage to escape, the operation is deemed a success as the team is able to intercept a large consignment of lethal arms and ammunition meant for terrorist acts around the country. While recuperating, Ajay has an epiphany which leads the team to Bahid in Rajasthan and to "Mirchi Seth" Rambandhu Gupt. The investigative team save for Ajay and Salim camp in Bahid and gather all possible information on Mirchi Seth. Ajay comes over to Bahid to investigate and meets Gulfam who is temporarily staying in his ancestral manor near Bahid. Gulfam attempts to derail the investigation through political means and ordering an assault on Ajay to subvert the investigation, but of no avail. The repeated failures on Gulfam\'s part displease the senior officers in Pakistani Intelligence, who dispatch Major Aslam Baig to take care of the business. Here, Ajay goes through the information collected so far and realizes that he has seen many key suspects near Gulfam, but fails to make the connection. The investigative teams prepares for a final assault on the gun-running operation and in the pursuit of Mirchi Seth land up at Gulfam\'s mansion. Ajay feels betrayed when he learns of Gulfam\'s treachery, but is aware of lack of substantial evidence to indict Gulfam for his crimes. He goads and tricks Gulfam into killing Baig and arrests him for the offense. After realizing what happened, Gulfam reveals how the incidents that happened during the partition embittered him and why he did those deeds. In retaliation, Ajay makes him realizes that his actions are not benefiting people of any religion. After Ajay makes him see the error in his ways, Gulfam, unable to stand the humiliation and guilt, commits suicide. Gulfam\'s suicide is hushed up and the team returns triumphant to Mumbai to much accolades for busting the terrorist racket. At Mumbai Airport, Salim is tipped on the whereabouts of Veeran and Ajay embarks on another investigation with his team.'] ["The story begins with Col. Krishnakanth Puri and his ten men being sacked from the Indian army as they failed China Gate mission in 17 years. After witnessing the brutal slaying of her Forest Officer father, Sunder Rajan, at the hands of dreaded dacoit Jageera, Sandhya goes to Col. Puri and asks for his assistance in bringing an end to Jageera's rule in the Devdurg region. Krishnakant agrees to assist her and summons ten of his fellow officers and subordinates to assist him. They assemble at Devdurg with the necessary ammunitions and arms to combat Jageera, not realizing that Jageera has influence over the local police detachment, who will prevent Puri and his men to possess any guns and weapons. This does not deter the men, and they continue to stay on in Devdurg and gain the confidence of the villagers. What the villagers do not know that Krishnakant and his men had all been dishonorably discharged from the army for cowardice and retreating when attacked by the enemy."] ['Vikas Chandra  and Aarti  have recently married, and they move into their new apartment. One day they go out to watch a late night Hindi movie at a local cinema theatre. The movie gets over well after midnight, and as no cab is found this hour, they decide to walk home by foot. On the way, they are suddenly waylaid by four men, who assault Vikas, leaving him unconscious, and forcibly take Aarti with them. When Vikas regains his senses he finds himself in hospital with a head wound. He is informed that Aarti is in the same hospital, after being gang-raped and assaulted. This incident makes headlines in the media, and is also a subject of discussion by politicians during their election campaign. Vikas feels haunted by this incident, and does not know how to act further. Aarti, on the other hand, has been completely traumatised, and is unable to trust any male. Now the couple faces a serious crisis leading to a loveless relationship, and only a miracle can bring the old spark back into their married life.'] ["Lagaan takes place in the town of Champaner, now in the State of Gujarat, in western India during the height of the British Empire in India in 1893. Captain Andrew Russell , the commanding officer of the Champaner cantonment, has imposed high taxes  on people from the local villages which they are unable to pay due to a prolonged drought. Led by Bhuvan , the villagers beg Raja Puran Singh  to help them. He tells them that much to his regret, he is also bound by British law. It is after their visit to the Raja that the people of the village first witness a cricket match. Bhuvan mocks the game and gets into a fight with one of the British officers. Taking an instant dislike to Bhuvan, Russell offers to cancel the taxes of the whole province for three years if the villagers can beat his men in a game of cricket. If the villagers lose, however, they will have to pay three times the amount of their normal taxes. Bhuvan accepts this wager on the behalf of all villages without their consent. When the other villagers find out about the bet, they are furious with Bhuvan. He argues that it is important for everyone to fight against British rule. Bhuvan thus begins to prepare the villagers for the match. He initially finds only five people willing to join the team. He is aided in his efforts by Russell's sister Elizabeth  who feels that her brother has mistreated the people in the villages. As she teaches them the rules of the game, she falls in love with Bhuvan, much to the anguish of Gauri  who is also in love with him. After Bhuvan reassures Gauri of his feelings for her, the woodcutter Lakha  becomes enraged as he is also in love with Gauri. In an attempt to discredit Bhuvan, Lakha offers himself as a spy for Russell and joins the villager's team in order to destroy it. Eventually, as the villagers realise that winning equals freedom, and as a few of them are insulted by the British, they join the team. Still short one player, Bhuvan also invites an untouchable, Kachra , who can bowl leg spin. The villagers, conditioned by longterm prejudice against untouchables, refuse to play if Kachra joins the team. Bhuvan chastises the villagers, leading them to accept Kachra. The second half of the film focuses on the match itself. On the first day, Russell wins the toss and elects to bat, giving the British officers a strong start. Bhuvan brings Kachra into the match only to find that Kachra has lost his ability to spin the ball. In addition, as part of his agreement with Russell, Lakha deliberately drops many catches. During the evening, however, Elizabeth sees Lakha meeting with her brother. She races to the village and informs Bhuvan of Lakha's deception. Rather than allow the villagers to kill him, Bhuvan offers Lakha the chance to redeem himself. The next day as part of his promise to Bhuvan, Lakha takes a diving one-handed catch. However the British score almost 300 runs, losing only three wickets by the lunch break. Kachra is brought back to bowl and takes a hat-trick which sparks the British batting collapse. The villagers soon start their innings. Bhuvan and Deva  give their team a solid start. Deva misses out on his half-century when a straight-drive from Bhuvan ricochets off the bowler's hand onto the stumps at the non-striker's end, while Deva was backing up too far. When Lakha comes on to bat, he is hit by a bouncer on his head, and he falls on to his stumps. Other batsmen get out trying to score a boundary off each delivery. Ismail , a good batsman, retires hurt as he is hit on his leg. The villager's team ends the day with 5 batsmen out of action with less than half of the required runs on board. On the third and final day, Bhuvan passes his century, while most of the later wickets fall. Ismail returns to bat with the help of a runner and reduces the required runs to a gettable total. The game comes down to the last over with Kachra on strike. With one ball remaining and the team down 5 runs, Kachra knocks the ball a short distance, managing only a single. However, the umpire signals no ball and Bhuvan returns to bat, and swings extremely hard at the next ball. Captain Russell backpedals and catches the ball, leading him to believe the British team has won. However, Russell caught the ball beyond the boundary which gives 6 runs, and the win, to Bhuvan's team. At that moment, the drought ends as a rainstorm erupts. Bhuvan's defeat of the British team leads to the disbanding of the humiliated cantonment. In addition, Russell is forced to pay the taxes for the whole province and is transferred to Central Africa. After realizing that Bhuvan loves Gauri, Elizabeth returns to London. Heartbroken, she remains unmarried for the rest of her life. Bhuvan marries Gauri."] ["Mahesh Anand and Major Verma have two things in common. Both are in the army and both look alike. When Major Verma is missing in action  in Burma Campaign during World War II, believed dead  during the battle, Mahesh is asked to convey this news to his family. Upon arrival, he is mistaken for Major Verma. He meets with Verma's mother, Mrs. Verma, as well as his ailing wife, Ruma. Unable to break the news of Verma's death and shatter their fragile world, Mahesh gets mistaken for Verma and is welcomed home. This creates complications in Mahesh's life as his sweetheart, Meeta, thinks that Mahesh no longer loves her. Then Ruma finds out that her husband is in love with another woman. Mahesh finds himself in a deep quandary, for he is unable to confide to anyone, and the only one who can assist him find his way back to his own life and family - is Major Verma.{{cite web}}"] ["Inspector Jai  is an upright & fearless cop who is given the job to take down the criminal empire of Raj Solanki . Jai & his accompolice Inspector Sandhya , who also happens to be his ladylove, start taking down Raj's empire with a gusto. But Raj's cronies & benefactors are not the only ones to be upset by this. On other hand, Raj has problems of his own. He does not want his son  to turn a criminal like him. On the other hand, Raj is also aware of discontent of his minion , who wants to start many criminal activities which even Raj won't do. Raj tries to stop Jai without applying pressure or brutality, only to meet Jai's mother  & realize that Jai is his illegitimate son. Now Raj finds himself in a real tight spot. Jai's mother too does not like Jai trying to take down Raj, but Jai is determined. After some time, even Jai comes to know about his relationship with Raj, but keeps continuing his job nonetheless. Raj's legitimate son & his minion try to take down Jai individually, without knowing the secret. How the story ends forms the plot of this film."] ["The film revolves around two love stories. Pran , and Reshma  and Gopal  and Neela . Two friends with opposite personalities, the rich but sensitive Pran and the womanising Gopal both have affairs with two mountain girls while holidaying in the vale of Kashmir. While Pran and Reshma's love is true and reciprocated, Gopal is a womanising villain, who disregards the faithful Neela  and condemns her to wait faithfully for his return with the barsaat . Many plot intrigues follow through with Pran and Reshma facing many trials on the path to true love, including parental opposition, accidents and an attempted forced marriage of Reshma to an uncouth fisherman. The couple are finally reunited. Gopal on the other hand finally becomes a reformed character and rushes to claim the ever faithful Neela who has been pining away, only to arrive to find his true love dead. The film ends with Gopal lighting Neela's funeral pyre as the rains finally come."] ["The film revolves around a struggling road constructor, Sachin Tichkule . He dreams big but there seems to be no chance of his dreams coming true as he doesn't have any money to bribe the bureaucracy. To make matters worse, the new municipal commissioner turns out to be his former girlfriend, Gehna Ganpule , who now hates him. His brothers in law Trigun , Suhas Vichare , and his elder brother  were all responsible for bridge collapsing case in which several people were killed. They were helped by a politician Sanjay Rana . After saved by their driver Vishwas Rao  they kill him in future if he tells truth. Meanwhile Sanjay's lustful eyes fall on Sachin's sister Anjali . Sachin warns him by slapping in his office. Meanwhile Azad Bhagat  wants justice. His family was killed in that accident. When Azad collects evidence he watches Sachin's sister being raped by Sanjay's friends. When Azad goes in court he is killed by Sanjay's goons. In the climax there is a cat & mouse fight between Sanjay and Sachin in which Sanjay is accidentally killed down by the truck. At the end, his father realises that Sachin was truthful and sincere while his brothers were not doing good by corruption."] ['Struggling British filmmaker Sue McKinley  comes across the diary of her grandfather, Mr. McKinley , who served as a jailer in the Imperial Police during the Indian independence movement. Through the diary, she learns about the story of five freedom fighters who were active in the movement: Chandrasekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, Shivaram Rajguru, Ashfaqulla Khan, and Ram Prasad Bismil. McKinley, in his diary, states that he had met two type of people in his life: the first one... who died without uttering a sound and the second kind ... who died with lots of anguish.. crying over their deaths... McKinley reveals that it was then that he met with the third kind.... Having decided to make a self-financed documentary film about these revolutionaries, Sue travels to India, with the help of her friend, Sonia , from the Institute for International Studies at the University of Delhi. After a few unsuccessful auditions in search of the actors, Sue finally casts Sonia\'s friends, four young men — Daljit "DJ" , Karan Singhania , Aslam Khan  and Sukhi Ram  — to portray the revolutionaries. Though they aren\'t very enthusiastic at the idea of acting in a film about the independence movement, Sue eventually manages to convince them. Laxman Pandey , a political party activist, joins the cast later, despite initially being unpopular due to his anti-Muslim beliefs and contempt for Aslam Khan. In the process of filming, the idealism of India\'s revolutionary heroes seeps into the protagonists. They gradually begin to realize that their own lives are quite similar to the characters they portray in Sue\'s film and that the state of affairs that once plagued the revolutionaries continues to torment their generation. Meanwhile, Ajay Singh Rathod , a flight lieutenant in the Indian Air Force who is Sonia\'s fiancé, is killed when his jet, a MiG-21, crashes. The government proclaims that the crash was caused by pilot error and closes the investigation. Knowing that Rathod was an ace pilot, Sonia and her friends do not accept the official explanation. Instead, they claim that he sacrificed his life to save hundreds of other lives that would have been lost had he ejected from the aircraft and left it to crash into a populous city. They investigate and learn that the crash was due to a corrupt defence minister , who had signed a contract exchanging cheap and illegal MiG-21 aircraft spare parts for a personal favour. To their surprise, they learn that the key person who was responsible for organizing the deal was Karan\'s father, Rajnath Singhania . Angered by the situation, the group and their supporters decide to protest peacefully at India Gate, a war memorial in New Delhi. Police forcefully break up their protest using batons; in the process, Rathod\'s mother  is severely hurt and she slips into a coma. DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and resort to violence to achieve justice. As a result, they kill the defence minister to avenge Rathod\'s death, while Karan murders his father for his corrupt actions. The minister is reported to have been killed by terrorists and is hailed as a martyr by the media. To bring forth their intentions behind the killings, the five of them attempt to reach the public through a radio station. They forcibly take over the All India Radio station premises after having evacuated its employees. Karan goes on air and reveals the truth about the defence minister and his wrongdoings. While still on the air, the police proclaim that they are dangerous terrorists who have forcefully taken over the AIR, and therefore they are to be shot on sight. The first to be shot is Daljit, who tries to get out of cover and establish that they are not terrorists, however the shot is not a fatal one. Sukhi, unable to control his anger at this gets out and is instantly shot to death. He dies with the last smile still etched on his face. Aslam and Pandey are then shot together and the once archenemies die holding hands and smiling. Daljit manages to crawl to the Recording Room, where Karan is still on air. When Karan understands that he has been shot, they speak amongst themselves for the last time, regarding the others, about Sue and about Daljit\'s love for her. It is there that they are shot to death, but not without the sound of their hearty laughter still hanging in the air like an echo of a long dead music. It is then revealed that McKinley described the third kind of people he came across as being the ones who embraced death as a friend and an equal, with a heartfelt laughter. The film comes to an end with Sue describing the impact of the boys on her life. As Sue and Sonia watch from the rooftop that Ajay proposed to her on, they have a vision of the boys running in the fields, singing happily and victoriously throwing their shirts in the air, acting as if they are celebrating life itself, as if the ebb of their once-there vitality still reverberates in the places where they once used to go. A wave of melancholy comes over them as the film ends.'] ["The protagonist of Hyderabad Blues is Varun, played by the director, Nagesh Kukunoor. The movie revolves around his visit home after 12 years in the USA and his resulting culture shock. The movie is a romantic comedy, following Varun's attempts to romance an Indian doctor and balance the local customs of arranged marriage with the Western tradition of dating. The dialogue is primarily in English and Telugu, with some Hindi spoken as well."] ["Though some people found the story-line unique, but in fact, this movie is remake of Rajshree Productions own film Tapasya made in 1976 starring Rakhee Gulzar and parikshit Sahni Ek Vivaah... Aisa Bhi is the story of Chandni  who belongs to a middle-class family living in Bhopal and Prem  who is an unconventional ghazal singer and hails from an upper-middle-class family. Chandni and Prem meet to practice for a Ghazal competition and fall in love. Just on the day of their wedding Chandni's dad dies leaving her younger brother and younger sister dependent on Chandni herself. Initially Chandni decides to leave the house and her siblings under the care of her uncle- however when she realizes that her unscrupulous uncle and aunt want only the house and care two hoots about her siblings, she decides to bring them up herself. Prem promises to wait for her and keeps assisting her in all her troubles- while at the same time having become a prominent ghazal singer and a famous one. As Chandni's siblings grow up- new problems keep cropping up like Chandni's brothers wife Natasha  refusing to keep up with traditions and demanding a separate life with her husband. In the end though after a long wait- Prems love is realized and he ultimately marries Chandni amidst pomp and ceremony on the same day as Chandni's younger sister. Note: The movie is a remake of Tapasya 1976"] ["Thakur Bhupendra Singh  and his son Ajit  are landlords, presiding oppressively over a small Indian community. Ajit gets Laxmi  pregnant and casts her aside. Her brother Bheema  goes to plead with them to accept Laxmi as their daughter-in-law and they reject his pleas and have him thrown out. Bheema tries to avenge this humiliation, only to have his sister killed. Bheema is imprisoned, and after his sentence is over he returns to his community, only to be told that he can no longer reside there, as the entire community is terrified of the Thakur and his men. Bheema then decides to move out of town. Some villagers and a police officer  persuade Bheema to return, and he agrees. On his return, Bheema's nephew Kanhaiya  is abducted by Thakur and his men, and he will only be returned after Bheema obtains signatures/thumb prints from everyone in the community, thereby turning over their properties to Thakur's name. Will Bheema compromise the safety of his nephew, and will he able to persuade the community to bow down to Thakur's demands?"] ['Deepak  is a truckdriver who gives a lift to a famous singer Aasha  when her vehicle breaks down. They become friends. He is already in love with Mala , whom he marries. Aasha wishes him well calling him "dost" , even though she has fallen in love with him. Deepak has an accident, and everyone believes that he is dead. His grieving mother tells a pregnant Mala to go away. Mala goes home to her father, but he dies. Upset with everything in her life, she jumps from a bridge into the water. She is saved by members of a temple community but finds that she lost her sight. She gives birth and names her daughter Deepamala, combining her and her husband\'s names. Her husband turns out to be alive. He comes home and finds his mother overjoyed to see him. She tells him that Mala had committed suicide. He becomes depressed. Aasha re-enters his life and helps him overcome his depression. They get engaged. They become acquainted with Deepamala, now a little girl, selling little God\'s statutes on the street. They are completely enchanted by her, even though they don\'t know that she is really Deepak\'s daughter. Aasha meets Mala and tells her they\'ll pay for her eye operation, so she can regain her sight. Aasha also invites her and Deepamala to the wedding. After she regains her sight from the operation, she goes to Aasha\'s wedding and is shocked to see Deepak. She quickly leaves, not wanting to disrupt Aasha and Deepak\'s lives. Mala\'s friend  tells Deepak that Mala is still alive and that Deepamala is actually his daughter. Aasha cancels the wedding and calls him "dost"  and tells him to go and reunite with his wife and daughter, which he does. Aasha goes back on stage permanently to sing her signature song "Shisha Ho Ya Dil Ho, Aakhir Toot Jata Hai," which translates into "Whether it\'s glass or a heart, it will inevitably break."'] ["Maya  is a perfect mother. Her life revolves around her three children, Aleya , Ankush , and Anjali . Despite being divorced from Aman , Maya has ensured that everything runs smoothly in her house and that they continue to remain a happy family unit. However, when Shreya —a career oriented woman who has a lot to learn about children—joins the family, the situation immediately takes an unexpected turn. When Aman introduces his girlfriend to Anjali's birthday party, she accidentally drops Anjali's cake - this causes the kids to perceive Shreya as evil. The next day, Aman tells Shreya to babysit the three kids at his house because Maya is out of town.  At a fashion show a wrong size dress for Shreya's model turns up with a chance of disqualification, Anjali helps Shreya with the outfit with a piece of her doll's clothing. When Shreya goes to get ice cream for the kids, Aleya tells her siblings that she is using them so she can take their dad away; soon after Anjali goes missing. At the police station, Anjali is found and Shreya is told by Aman that she cannot go near the children unless she has Maya's permission. Several days later, Maya finds out that she has cervical cancer and tells Aman - this prompts him to move back in with the family. However, when Maya tells the kids that she has cancer, Aleya retaliates by going to one of her friend's party with an older boy. After a few days, Maya tells Shreya that she has cancer. Shreya agrees to move in and leaves her career as a fashion designer. In the following days, the kids develop an attachment towards Shreya but when Maya and Shreya have a fight, it is discovered that Shreya was an orphan since she was six months old. After the argument, Aman tells Maya that they should not be competing with each other for the kids love and respect. At the same time Maya faints and ends up in the hospital and the doctor tells her that she has only few days left to live. Shreya decides to take care of the kids while Aman is with Maya at the hospital. When Shreya and the kids come to visit Maya at the hospital, Shreya and Maya have a private conversation. Shreya finally admits that the kids still need her. When Maya gives guardianship to Shreya to look after the kids after her death, she also tells Shreya about one mistake which almost killed Anjali when she was three. Maya explains to Shreya that not every mom is perfect but she needs to keep trying. Maya tells Aman she wants to come home to Diwali as a last day to see her home before she dies. She comes home for Diwali and the kids make a special event for her replaying their memories they had together. When they take a family photograph, Maya asks Shreya to join them as she is now family. Ten years later we see Aleya getting married and Shreya gives her a bracelet which belonged to Maya."] ['Veeru  is a small time crook working for a large drug importer, Tejpal ([[Arbaaz Khan . He is unaware that his best friend Jai  is an undercover cop, seeking evidence against Tejpal. During a raid on Tejpal\'s warehouse, Veeru accidentally shoots Jai in the head but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery. Veeru then flees the state, and is subsequently arrested. Jai is assigned the task of returning Veeru to testify against Tejpal. They confront each other, and seem to find their friendship still exists. They both decide to be friends again, when Veeru claims he has Tejpal\'s diary, which includes all his secrets and whereabouts. When they go to catch him, Tejpal shoots Veeru, while Jai attacks Tejpal and kills him. By the time the police get there, Jai has already let Veeru flee, and Jai is arrested for what he has done. Since then, lives on the friendship of "Jai Veeru".'] ["The screenplay of this animated movie depict the part of Hanuman's life from his birth. The narration is by actor Mukesh Khanna. The movie relates how Hanuman was born to Anjani  and Kesari, by the blessings of Vayu-Dev, the Wind God. Hanuman, who is the 11th rudra avatar of supreme being God Shiva himself. He was blessed with supreme intelligence, strength and divine powers. As a baby, Hanuman was quite naughty and used his powers to pester the saints living in the nearby forest. Once when he was hungry he leapt to catch the sun thinking it was a fruit. On the insistence of Vayu, Indra and the other Gods came together to bless baby Hanuman of immortal life. Amongst the other blessing a few are: no fear/harm from the Brahmastra, no harm could befall him from any weapons, fire and water. He could overcome death and he could transform his body to take the smallest form or attain the biggest form of life. Blessed with divine powers Hanuman grew up to be powerful and mighty. He helped Lord Ram and Laxman in their search for Sita. Hanuman burned the golden city Lanka and he with his super powers helped Lord Ram and Laxman defeat Ravana and secure the release of Sita. Seeing his devotion and love towards him, Lord Ram blessed Hanuman with the boon of immortality."] ["The film opens with a narrative about a nondescript town called Lakhot in Rajasthan, India. The narrator is Satyaveer Singh Randhawa , a down-on-his-luck public works engineer. He compares Lakhot – dry, desolate and despondent – to the general downturn in his own life. As he returns to his irritable and nagging wife Nimmi and their young son, we learn that Satyaveer has just been implicated in a small bribery scandal at work. Nimmi  broods over how she wishes she had married a richer fellow. Satyaveer, an aspiring writer whose only novel Manorama sank without a trace, laments about how he had once wished to be famous but is now resigned to a banal and unremarkable existence. They have an unusual visitor that night. A well dressed, affluent woman presents herself as Mrs. P. P. Rathore, the wife of the Irrigation Minister  P. P. Rathore . She says she is a big fan of Satyaveer's novel. Captivated by the ingenuity of the detective Raghu, the principal character of the novel, she hopes to secure Satyaveer's assistance in applying the same ingenuity to procure photographic evidence of her husband's affair. She pays him an advance and leaves. Satyaveer accepts the job in spite of Nimmi's reproach. He stealthily stakes out Rathore's manor. He spots another woman visiting Rathore. Rathore rebukes the woman and turns her away. Satyaveer snaps a few pictures of this exchange and hands over the roll to Mrs. Rathore. He also confides in his brother-in-law and best friend, the loutish but generally well-meaning local cop Brij Mohan . Brij finds this all very fishy and advises Satyaveer to take Nimmi on a short vacation. Strange events happen to Satyaveer. He finds out that the woman who hired him is not Mrs. Rathore; the real Mrs. Rathore is an invalid. Late one evening, as Satyaveer returns home after drinks with Brij, he spots the same woman running for her life from people who are out to kill her. She earnestly urges him to remember her real name, Manorama , and that she is 32 years old. The next day's papers report that Manorama committed suicide in connection with her protests against a canal being built through Lakhot. The canal project is sponsored by Rathore. He decides to investigate further. He finds out that Manorama was connected with a local children's home and lived with a roommate, Sheetal . The roommate is confused and scared. She refuses to talk with Satyaveer. Satyaveer is later set upon by thugs; they turn out to be the same men who chased Manorama on the night of her death; and they want to find out what she told him that night. Satyaveer later uncovers that Manorama's death was an accident; she was hit by a truck as she fled her pursuers. Sheetal calls him. She is still scared but somehow warms to him and asks if she can stay with him for a few days. Seeing as Nimmi has returned to Rohtak  for Diwali, Satyaveer agrees. Sheetal moves in for a little while. Around this time, Satyaveer attends a rally function with Rathore in attendance. He follows Rathore and discovers that Rathore receives regular medication from a doctor for an unknown ailment. He also spots the woman who visited him on the night Satyaveer took the photos. He follows the woman and makes contact with her.  She turns out to be Sameera Rathore, the illegitimate daughter of Rathore. She was trying to get Rathore to accept her as a daughter. Satyaveer begins piecing the parts together. However, when Satyaveer visits the doctor, he finds that the doctor and Sameera have both been brutally murdered. He runs to the children's home where he discovers that Sheetal has been dead for quite some time! Arriving home, he finds that the girl masquerading as Sheetal is neither surprised nor scared. She directs him to meet Rathore. Rathore demands the photos. Satyaveer turns over the photos he had taken. Not surprisingly, Rathore isn't the least bit interested in photos of him having an argument with his biological daughter. It turns out that Nitu  is a concubine for Rathore. Rathore now openly threatens him and asks that he hand over those photos. Satyaveer returns home. He scans one of the photos he had taken and suddenly finds a clue in it. This clue leads him to what Manorama had said to him on the night she died. He follows these clues to a small hotel in town, where he discovers a shocking set of photos cached in one of the rooms. Satyaveer returns to confront Rathore. He presents the shocking evidence he has found. Rathore was a pedophile. The children's home was his steady supply of  children. The real Sheetal and Manorama, who worked at the home, had realized his wicked activities. They were about to blow his cover so he had them silenced. Rathore calmly informs Satyaveer that Satyaveer, smart though he may be, is still a small-town man that may easily be dispensed with. Satyaveer reveals another fact. The doctor and Manorama were siblings. Also, though the doctor knew that Rathore had lung cancer, he kept concealing the fact from him and kept giving him placebos merely to suppress the symptoms of the cancer. The doctor and Manorama merely wanted to keep him alive long enough for him to accept Sameera as his daughter and heir. Then, on Rathore's eventual death, the estate would come to Sameera, and thus also the doctor and Manorama. It is now too late. The cancer has reached an advanced stage and Rathore has precious little time left. The film ends as Satyaveer quietly walks out. He remarks that the only thing that is certain in an unknown world is a known God."] ["Chiranjeev  lives a wealthy lifestyle along with his father, Kashiram , and three siblings: two sisters, one of whom is dumb, and a younger brother. While on a trip, his friend, Mohan , falls ill due to alcohol, and gets treated at an Ashram. This is where Chiranjeev meets with an employee, Sharada , who lives a poor lifestyle with her father, Ram Sharan. Chiranjeev and Sharada fall in love with each other, and he promises to get his father's permission and return to get married to her. On his way home he has an accident, and though he does survive after being treated by tribal people, he returns to the Ashram several days later and is informed that Sharada is now married to a wealthy and much older man. Heart-broken and devastated, Chiranjeev returns home only to get another shock: the male Sharada has married is none other than his very own father. Depressed and deeply frustrated, he takes to alcohol in a big way. Sharada talks him out of this, he repents and on her insistence, marries Chanchal , who come from a reputed family background. Things then get complicated when Chanchal finds that her husband and his stepmother had been in love before and may not have got over their feelings for each other."] ['The film opens with a late night telephone call from Patna to Yadav\'s  residence that the party he works for has selected another politician for the ticket this time. The Yadav lackeys trace their master to a prostitute\'s abode and give him the spoiler. Yadav wastes no time and gets that politician stabbed under his supervision. When his deadliest cohort, Sudhir Vinod, stabs him in right-side in breast, Yadav rebukes him for this "mistake" and stabs the half-dead man himself in left, telling him jokingly that heart is on the left by reciting a famous Bollywood lyric. Meanwhile Inspector Samar Pratap Singh  arrives at Motihari, where he has been transferred, with his wife  and daughter. At railway station he confronts a coolie . The two have a tiff on Rs 30/- to be paid to the latter for which Singh refuses to pay, as he  thinks he is being over-charged. As the situation goes to the verge of fisticuffs, a local police hawaldar intervenes. Not knowing that Singh too is a police officer,the hawaldar tries to manhandle Singh. Infuriated, Singh takes the matter to the police station to which he is posted. As Singh writes a complaint against the hawaldar for harassing a local , another inspector Hussain intervenes. Hussain asks for forgiving Hawaldar, for which Singh doesn\'t relent. Singh later learns that the Motihari police station is ruled by local politician and criminal Bachhu Yadav and his henchmen. Singh is an idealist who respects the constitution and the law, and expects that everyone else should do the same. But no one follows the law in Motihari, especially the policemen who receive hafta  from Yadav to do his bidding. One day, the Deputy Superintendent of Police  asks Singh to go and break up a fight between two rival gangs, and arrest the people who attacked some of Yadav\'s men. Singh investigates and finds that Yadav\'s men were the real culprits. Among them were Sudhir Vinod  and Lallan singh , and so Singh arrests them instead. When the D.S.P. orders him to release them, he refuses to do so saying that he has already registered the case. This is the first time his superior learns of his real character and expresses concern over his future. Sub Inspector Huessien, who shamelessly admits subjection to Yadav, declares that Singh won\'t last long. Singh sadly learns the limit of his official prowess when the court releases Yadav\'s men  Meanwhile Yadav is giving a fine demonstration of his rustically unsophisticated learning by arguing in Bihar Legislative Assembly against building of a certain dam over the river Ganges on the grounds that "stealing" electricity from water will result in lose to farmers. He further gives proof of his educational level by misquoting the famous political slogan jai jawan, jai kisan. Things begin worsening and Singh soon finds himself alone in his fight against a corrupt and rotten system. One day while buying vegetables in the local market he sees three youngmen sitting on a wall teasing passing girls by singing lewd bhojpuri songs, when he confronts them they boldly react , but on learning that he is the S.H.O., the two become defensive and tell him meekly that they are students of a certain college, but the third declares proudly that he is younger brother of an influential politician , hoping that Singh will get impressed, but Singh answers with a slap and forces him to apologize to the girl. On his way home Yadav decides to give interview to a female journalist who boldly asks him if he is a murderer ! Yadav, understandably, gets annoyed and tries to confuse and terrify her, failing to do so he simply asks her to get out of his car. Yadav get irritated by Singh, particularity due to the fact that he arrested his men. He decides to annoy him and organizes his own marriage anniversary and arranges a folk-dance by hiring a beautiful dancer  late into night. Singh comes over there and asks for permission that is required in India for operating loudspeakers, failing to see the same, Singh seizes music system. Yadav confronts him and asks to be forgiven . The D.S.P. is also present there , who tries to cool down Singh by making him aware of the fact that no one gives a damn to such "small rules" in small town. Singh refuses to yield which angers the D.S.P. to shout orders at him. Singh retains his stand by stating that he be given written orders. This gesture of rebellion costs Singh his job as next day, with the help of the corrupt sub-inspector Huessian, the D.S.P. falsely sues Singh for physical attack on his senior. Tiwari tries to help Singh but in vain. Singh gets suspended. But real troubles still wait Singh. One day he takes his daughter to a sweet-shop where they accidentally come across Yadav\'s goons seating at a table. They start passing disgustingly indecent comments that cause Singh to loose his temper and start beating them. One of henchman comes with a heavy wooden club and starts beating Singh but misses him, and instead, hits the small girl\'s head, killing her. When badly injured Lallji goes in front of Yadav and tell him that Singh has beaten him badly. Yadav, who actually cares next to nothing even about his most loyal men, find it a golden opportunity to accuse Singh. He immediately takes a shot-gun from the wall and hits Lallji in head forcefully enough to kill him, and then orders his sidekicks to make complaint that Lallji actually died because of beating by Singh, and puts the whole blame, in fact a murder-case, on Singh. The police wastes no time and arrests Singh while he is still grieving over his daughter\'s dead body. Singh\'s parents come to help him, and his father  goes and pleads with Yadav to get him released. When Singh realizes that Yadav was behind his release, he insults Yadav. A few days later, Singh\'s parents leave, and he has a big fight with his wife over their situation and her accusation that his idealism was to blame. He leaves in anger, and his wife consumes poison. His only friend in town, Tiwari, informs him about it and both rush to the hospital. Singh manages to speak a couple of sentences with her before she dies. Singh now loses her also, he feels he has lost everything and has nothing to loose anymore. He goes home, wears his uniform, visits the police station and snatches his service weapon in spite of inspector Hussain and others. He kills Hussain, then makes way to Patna where the state legislature is in session, enters the well of the house, defying heavy security, finds Yadav and drags him by collar to the Speaker\'s dais. After an emotional appeal to members of parliament on the leadership crisis and criminalization of politics that is rotting the entire system, he kills Yadav and yells "Jai Hind" twice. The film ends.'] ["The film is about Krishna  who was once a software engineer but quits his job to give it to his friend and is unemployed in the city of Vijayawada. Sandhya  is a girl from Hyderabad who studies in college and comes to Vijayawada for her vacation to stay with her brother Bobby . Bobby has a wife. Sandhya's elder brother is Bobby. Krishna falls in love with Sandhya at first sight and starts chasing her to win her heart and enters the upper portion of their house as tenants with his brother ([[Chandra Mohan  and sister in law . Mistaking him to be one Tapori, Sandhya hates him first but later on she realizes his true nature . She returns to Hyderabad and lives with her older brother , a former builder and now a very powerful rowdy who is very possessive and protective about his sister. Krishna follows Sandhya to Hyderabad and works his way into their house with the help of Bobby and finally both of them confess their love. There, Krishna knows the flashback of Sandhya and how she is being chased by the notorious and cruel Jagga  assisted by his uncle  for marriage. Krishna fights Jagga, Sandhya's older brother kills Jagga, and Krishna marries Sandhya."] ['Gharonda explores the lives of Sudip and Chaya  who belong to the middle class in Bombay and work in the same office. They plan to get married as soon as they have a house made for themselves. In this process, they save every penny to build a corpus for buying a house. They go house hunting looking for an abode which will suit their budgets. After finally investing in one, they are all excited about their future. After a few months, the builder who is constructing their building runs into financial difficulties and commits suicide. The building project is abandoned and all the money of investors goes down the drain. The couple is shocked and does not know how to react. They just cannot imagine having to start once again from scratch. In the meantime, the owner of their firm Modi , starts taking an interest in Chaya and eventually proposes to her. Modi is a rich, ageing widower who is also a heart patient. Chaya is aghast at the proposal but Sudip sees a big opportunity in this. He tells her that since Modi is a heart patient, he is expected to die within a few months. After that, they can get married and their problems of house and wealth would be solved for ever. Chaya is disillusioned with Sudip for even suggesting such a thing and with a lot of reluctance accepts Modi’s proposal, specially as it gives her a chance to settle her brother. Modi and Chaya’s married life starts awkwardly but soon she takes on the role of a dutiful wife. Sudip keeps visiting her on some pretext and also to check on Modi’s health. He is dismayed to find Modi in the pink of health. Modi, in fact, after marriage cheers up and this has a positive effect on his physical condition. Chaya rebukes Sudip about his constant visits and they have a confrontation which is overheard by Modi. He gets a heart attack – an event which once again stirs hope in Sudip’s heart. But Chaya very patiently nurses Modi back to health and Sudip finally decides to go his own way.'] ['Nadodikattu opens by introducing the two protagonists, Ramdas aka Dasan  and Vijayan ([[Sreenivasan , who are employed as ill-paid peons. A commerce graduate, and proud of that, Dasan frequently vents his frustration in having to serve lesser qualified superiors and having to settle with lesser than what he feels he deserves in life. Vijayan, his less educated, comic sidekick, is his roommate and sole friend. Their relationship is one full of tension, with Dasan adopting a superior stance on the account of his education and good looks, which fiercely rattles Vijayan. Several comic situations later in the film borrow from this aspect of their characters. Dasan frequently bosses over Vijayan to do all the household chores. Dasan and Vijayan, hopeful of getting a better job, as soon as the new Managing director joins their company, wait for him to take charge. However, one day, on their way to work, they get involved in an unnecessary altercation with an unknown person. Dasan, in order to grab attention from a lady, abuses the person and pushes him into a puddle of rainwater. Vijayan punctures his car tires. But when they reach the workplace, they find out that the person that they had picked the fight with is their new managing director. Both vanish from the workplace and surface on the next day in disguises; Dasan wearing dark sunglasses and Vijayan wearing a long beard. Both try to convince their supervisor that they were seriously ill the previous day, but they are made to report to the new managing director. They manage to fool him initially and start work but the MD soon finds out the truth from old office photographs and both get thrown out from work. Being jobless, their landlord convinces them to take bank loan and buy two cows. Dasan and Vijayan, upbeat about the new business, start dreaming of a bright future. However, they soon find out that the cows yield very little milk and the business fails. The bank contacts them for defaulting on the loan repayments. To escape, Vijayan sells the cows and arranges for them to go to UAE  with whatever money they get. Gafoorkka  is an agent who promises to take them to the Gulf. Gafoorkka explains them that his dhow going to California will be diverted past the Dubai sea shore for them. Gafoorkka also instructs them to wear Arabic clothing thawb to fool the authorities. Dasan and Vijayan once again start dreaming about the bright and luxurious life ahead. On reaching the sea shore, both change into the Arabic attire. Two strangers follow Dasan and Vijayan and forcefully exchange their suitcases. Confused, Dasan and Vijayan start exploring the city. They are surprised to see no Arabs in the city and soon find signboards in Tamil. They realize that they have been cheated by Gafoorkka who has off loaded them in the southern Indian city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Dasan and Vijayan check the suitcase and find drugs inside. They contact local police and hand over the suitcase. Meanwhile, the strangers who are actually gang members of Ananthan Nambiar , smuggler and underworld don, find out that they were mistaken. Ananthan Nambiar believes that those in Arabic dress were members of the CIDs. Dasan and Vijayan with the help of Dasan’s friend Balan ([[Innocent get jobs at Ananthan Nambiar’s office. Dasan meets his colleague Radha  who turns out to be their neighbour as well. But soon Dasan and Vijayan gets fired by Ananthan Nambiar thinking that they are undercover CIDs. On the road again, Vijayan tries to get a chance in movies. He visits noted film director I. V. Sasi’s home and meets Sasi’s wife, actress Seema. This scene is considered one of the funniest of the entire movie. Dasan starts a small vegetable business with Radha’s help. A minor romance plot develops between Dasan and Radha. Meanwhile Ananthan Nambiar hires contract killer Pavanayi  to finish off Dasan and Vijayan. But Pavanayi dies while trying to kill Dasan and Vijayan. This irks Ananthan Nambiar even more and makes him all the more paranoid about these two "CIDs". As the story proceeds to climax, Dasan and Vijayan are called to a rundown factory by one of their other enemies, a well-connected businessman with political aspirations  for an ostensible meeting, where he plans to liquidate them both. Dasan and Vijayan find themselves surrounded by Ananthan Nambiar’s gang as well, the latter also having selected the location to do a drug deal. However, the both gangs mistake each other as enemies and a mixed fight breaks out. Dasan and Vijayan manage to lock all others inside the building as police arrive and arrest everyone. The movie concludes as Dasan and Vijayan gets selected into the State Police as CIDs and they along with Radha drive away in a Jeep.'] ["Inder Saxena is a building contractor from Delhi with an attitude that money is the foremost thing in the world. His maternal uncle persuades a reluctant Inder to visit and supervise a project's progress at Pratapgadh. Once there, he meets his college mate Prakash , his professor Daya Shankar Sharma  & his daughter Rama . Inder sets his eyes on Rama but Prakash, secretly admiring Rama, tells Inder  that she is the kind of girl who can't be lured with the power of money. But, Inder has firm perception that women want only money, bets Prakash that he will lure Rama with his money. After each of his bag of tricks fail, he publishes a book of her poems and gifts it to her. This gesture surprises Rama and is very delighted. One day Inder asks Rama to accompany him. Rama promises him and lies to her father about seeing off Laila . Upon learning the truth, Daya Shankar unexpectedly drops in with Prakash at Inder's house, finds Rama in his bedroom and scorns her for lying. Rama leaves the house forever and while heading towards Delhi, is robbed for which she has to get down the train. Distressed Rama gets the help of Station Master Nandalal ([[Asrani , who shelters her in his house. Coincidentally, the same train meets with an accident. Assuming an unrecognizable damaged body to be Rama, the police sends a letter to Daya Shankar about her death, shocking everyone. Inder, feeling guilty for the incident, believes that Rama is alive and searches for her. Meanwhile, Rama learns singing to forget her sorrows & becomes a renowned singer. One day Inder hears her singing on radio, finds her out & informs Prakash. Eventually with all misunderstadings & differences settled, Rama & Inder come together."] ['The film, in Malayalam and made by the Indian film maker K P Kumaran, AkashaGopuram is set among the Indian immigrant community in London and tells the story of Albert Samson , a middle-aged architect who has clawed his way to prominence. His single-minded focus on his job, however, has hardened him and prevented him and his wife ALICE  from having a meaningful family life. The costs of Samson\'s ambition are also symbolized in his assistant, Abraham Thomas , Samson\'s own former employer whom he treated badly to reach the top. Thomas, now dying, wants his son Alex  to have more independence in the firm. Samson, however, fears that he will be eclipsed by a younger generation of architects, and refuses to allow Alex either to design original houses or to leave the firm and strike out on his own. Into this tense situation, enter Hilda Varghese , a vivacious young woman who idolized Samson ten years ago when, in the early stages of his career, he built a large church in her hometown and climbed to the top of its tower during its dedication ceremony. At that time Samson had promised "a kingdom" to Hilda, then a girl of twelve; now, Hilda who earnestly believes his word has come to collect her kingdom. As Samson struggles with the destructive consequences of his pursuit of glory and his growing fear that he has lost his creative powers, the mysterious Hilda helps him gain a glimpse of his former self.'] ["Vijay  is an unsuccessful poet whose works are not taken seriously by publishers or his brothers . Unable to bear their taunting that he is a good-for-nothing, he stays away from home and is often out on the streets. He encounters a good-hearted prostitute named Gulabo , who is enamoured with his poetry and falls in love with him. He also encounters his ex-girlfriend Meena  from college and finds out that she has married a big publisher Mr. Ghosh  for financial security. Ghosh hires him as a servant to find out more about him and Meena. A dead beggar to whom Vijay gave his coat and whom he tries to save unsuccessfully from the path of a running train is mistaken for Vijay. Gulabo goes to Ghosh and gets his poems published. Ghosh does so feeling he can exploit the poems and make a killing. The poems are very successful. However, Vijay is alive and in the hospital after the train mishap. Ghosh and Shyam, Vijay's close friend, refuse to recognise him and he is committed to a mental asylum since he insists he is Vijay and is thought to be mad. Vijay's brothers too are bought off by Ghosh not to recognize him and a memorial is held for the dead poet. Vijay with the help of his friend Abdul Sattar ([[Johnny Walker  escapes from the mental asylum and reaches the memorial service where he denounces this corrupt and materialistic world. Seeing that Vijay is alive his friend and brothers take side with a rival publisher for more money and declare this is Vijay. At a function to honour him, Vijay becomes sick of all the hypocrisy in the world around him and declares he is not Vijay. He then leaves with Gulabo to start a new life."] ['In Bhind in 1968,Let us Know Someting About It In Detail. The real life Phoolan Devi was born in 1963 and was married when she was about 11. See Phoolan Devi for more details Phoolan is married to a twenty-something fellow called Puttilal . Though child marriages are customary during that time, Phoolan\'s mother Moola  objects to the timing of the match. Phoolan\'s aging father Devideen  mercilessly agrees, and Phoolan is sent off with Puttilal. Phoolan is exposed to some sexual and exploitative abuses, including the caste system.  Puttilal is physically and sexually abusive, and Phoolan eventually runs away and returns home. As Phoolan grows older, she faces incidents of  fondling and groping from the Thakur men . At the next town meeting, the panchayat wield their patriarhcal authority to banish Phoolan from the village, since she will not consent to the sexual advances of the higher caste males, who treat her like sub-human chattel. Accordingly, Phoolan leaves with her cousin Kailash . En route to another village, she encounters a troop of dakus  of the Babu Gujjar gang, led by Vikram Mallah Mastana . Phoolan stays with Kailash for a while, but is eventually compelled to leave. Angry and hopeless, Phoolan goes to the local cops , but she is beaten, molested, and arrested by the cops, who rape her while in custody. The Thakurs put up bail and have her released. But, unknown to her, the bail is a bribe , and Babu Gujjar arrives to collect his prize. In May 1979, Phoolan is abducted by Babu Gujjar . Gujjar is a ruthless, imposingly-statured mercenary. Although Gujjar\'s lieutenant Vikram is sympathetic towards Phoolan, Gujjar indiscriminately brutalizes and humiliates her, until one day Vikram catches him raping her  and shoots him in the head. Vikram takes over the gang, and his empathy for Phoolan eventually grows into a mutually respectful mature adult relationship. Around this time, Phoolan revisits her former husband Puttilal, and with Vikram\'s help, abducts him and exacts her justice for his rape and abuse, beating him up. She shares her closure with Vikram. All goes well until Thakur Shri Ram  is released from prison. Thakur Shri Ram is the real gang leader . Shri Ram returns to his gang and while Vikram receives him with respect, Shri Ram bristles at Vikram\'s egalitarian leadership style and covets Phoolan. In August 1980, Shri Ram arranges to have Vikram assassinated, and abducts Phoolan, bringing her to the village of Behmai. Phoolan is repeatedly raped and beaten by Shri Ram and by the rest of the gang members, as punishment for her "disrespect" for his previous advances, and for her audacity at being an equal. The stunning and disturbing final humiliation and punishment is that she is stripped, paraded around Behmai, beaten and sent to fetch water from the well . A severely traumatised Phoolan returns to her cousin Kailash. She recovers gradually, and seeks out Man Singh , an old friend of Vikram Mallah. Man Singh brings her to another large gang, led by Baba Mustakim . She relates her history to Baba and asks him for some men and weapons to form a gang. Baba Mustakim agrees, and Man Singh and Phoolan become the leaders for the new gang. Phoolan leads her new gang with courage, generosity, humility and shrewdness. Her stockpile and her legend grows. She becomes known as Phoolan Devi, the bandit queen. In February 1981, Baba Mustakim informs her of a large wedding in Behmai, with Thakur Shri Ram in attendance. As Phoolan departs, Baba Mustakim warns her to remain low key. Phoolan attacks the wedding party and her gang exacts revenge from the entire Thakur clan of Behmai. They round up the men and beat them up. Many of the men are finally shot. This act of vengeance brings her to the attention of the national law enforcement authorities . The top police officials now begin a massive manhunt for Phoolan, and Thakur Shri Ram relishes the opportunity to come to their aid. The manhunt claims many lives in Phoolan\'s gang. They are ultimately forced to hide out in the rugged ravines of Chambal without any food or water. Phoolan evaluates her options and decides to surrender. Her terms are to have her remaining mates protected and provided for . The film ends with Phoolan\'s surrender in February 1983. The end credits indicate that all the charges against her were withdrawn , and that she was released in 1994.'] ['Dev Narayan  lives with his widowed daughter Laxmi  and her children Radha and Prashant. Dev also looks after two orphaned children, Gopal and Nita. Laxmi believes that Dev is taking more care of Gopal and Nita, so leaves the house taking her children with her. Laxmi soon spots an orphaned boy on the streets and takes him in. Radha forms a sisterly bond with him and names him Suraj. Suraj has a particular passion for singing. Years pass and Suraj  is now a famous and popular singer. Radha  is particularly fond of him – in turn Suraj is grateful to Radha for contributing to his success. Meanwhile, Gopal  has become a wealthy Business tycoon. When Laxmi is killed in an accident, Radha and Prashant  are taken to live in Gopal’s house. Also living with them is Nita . Gopal asks Radha to marry him and she agrees. Before their wedding, Gopal meets Suraj – Suraj asks Gopal to watch over Radha . On their wedding night, Gopal asks Radha who she loves most in the world, she answers her mother and Prashant – Gopal is hurt that she did not mention him. As time goes on, Gopal starts to disapprove of two things. Firstly, he does not like the fact that he and Radha are supporting Prashant financially and secondly, he does not like that Radha is always on the phone to Suraj. After a misunderstanding, Gopal loses his temper with Prashant and throws him out of the house. Gopal soon suspects that Suraj and Radha are secretly seeing one another. He throws Radha out of his house. Radha goes to live with her relatives, where Prashant is also staying. Everybody thinks that Radha has simply moved out for a few days. However, when Gopal sends Radha a divorce note, Suraj realises the situation. He and Prashant tell Radha they wish to speak to Gopal but Radha does not want them to do so. Suraj secretly holds a meeting with Gopal. Gopal arrives and angrily confronts Suraj. Eventually, Gopal pulls out a loaded gun and asks Suraj to shoot him. After an argument, Gopal leaves. Suraj now believes that he is the reason for Radha’s divorce and feels extremely guilty. He is now determined to set things right. Radha has now realised that Gopal was angry about her friendship with Suraj – she and Suraj agree never to meet again. Suraj explains the situation to his girlfriend Suman . Suman talks to Gopal and explains where he went wrong. Gopal now realises that he misunderstood Radha and Suraj’s friendship for adultery. Just as Radha is about to commit suicide, Gopal arrives and stops her – they reconcile. They visit Suraj at his show. Gopal and Suraj apologise to one another and things end well.'] ['Ricky  is a leading fashion photographer, who carries his heart on his sleeve. He\'s an absolute womanizer. The film begins with Ricky getting a call from Sheena , who asks him to meet her in a gym. Once there, the two have a showdown since Ricky had used and dumped Sheena\'s friend Nisha . A heartbroken Nisha had even contemplated attempting suicide. Three years later, Ricky is about to hold an exhibition of his creations when a millionaire walks in and buys the entire lot even before the exhibition has begun. The millionaire, Rajveer aka Raj , has a pre-condition: Ricky should make Raj\'s wife Sheena fall in love with him . Ricky is perplexed, for he fails to understand why a husband would hire someone to have an affair with his wife. But Raj explains that he wants Sheena to divorce him and this would be possible only if she fell in love with another man. Ricky flies to London, where Raj and Sheena live in a splendid mansion, and starts playing his cards. After some setbacks Sheena and Ricky begin a relationship. The plan seems to be working perfect. Raj catches Ricky and Sheena in bed, but Sheena is unfazed and does not consider this to be an issue. she also refuses to divorce Raj and tells him she is intent on continuing with her relationship with Ricky: Raj is stunned; he feels his game plan has gone kaput. Realizing that Sheena wouldn\'t divorce him, Raj turns to Ricky, tells him to pack his bags and return to India. But now Ricky does a somersault. He\'s enjoying using a rich woman and staying in the lap of luxury. Raj is stunned again. It\'s a clear case of double crossing. Nisha attends a party in Raj\'s mansion. After the party is over, Nisha is crying outside claiming that she was raped by Ricky. The next morning, Sheena confronts and kills Ricky with a sword, cutting his face and by digging the sword through his chest. The cop investigates the murder and Sheena is the prime suspect. At the time when she was being arrested, Raj stands up and declares that he is the killer and he is taken to jail. When Sheena meets him in jail, he transfers all his property to her name. When the cop comes home with a stress ball which Raj had given to him, he was playing with it. Suddenly something falls and he discovers a camera which recorded the murder scene. Sheena is taken to jail and she transfers all her wealth to Raj\'s name. This masterstroke was fully planned by Raj. A few years ago, all cameras were removed from the base camp but Raj deliberately left this one. At the end, Raj is seen sitting in the car with Nisha, his love. He gives her the property papers as a token of his love. The cop stares at Raj and Nisha in car then Raj throws his "Tension Ball" at him and says,"Aisa to aksar hota hai" .'] ['The film was made famous by the excellent portrayal of the eunuch, Maharani , an evil madam running a brothel that employs many girls like Pooja  and Chanda . Ravi , a taxi driver, meets Pooja before she is bought by Maharani, and his friend Gotya  is in love with Chanda. The story shows how Ravi, whose own sister committed suicide after being forced to become a prostitute, and Pooja, a current prostitute, come together. The title Sadak is Urdu for Road and signifies the place where the poor Ravi and Gotya live.'] ["Ankahee begins with Sheena  arriving at home as an elder. As she enters her home, her mother Nandita  tells her that her father Shekhar  has sent her a letter and wants to meet her as he’s dying from illness. Sheena refuses to meet her father, as he abandoned her & her mother for sixteen years when Sheena was just six years of age. As her mother persuades her to meet him, she finally agrees to pay her father a visit and she sees him in a bad situation under careful nursing. Unable to express his feelings, Shekhar lends his daughter a diary in which he wrote about all the incidents that led to his break-off. Henceforth, the story of Dr. Shekhar unspools. Sixteen years back, the world of Shekhar and Nandita with their little daughter was nearer to perfection so much that no one could suspect that in his complacent heart was lying the seed of betrayal. Shekhar's life takes a U-turn as he meets an actress and a former beauty queen, Kavya Krishna , at a hospital with her wrist being slit and slowly the two fall for each other and continue to meet even after her wrist is cured. Shekhar's friend, Dr. Kunal Mehta , then confronts him to stay away from this woman as he feels that their constant interaction will cause damage to Shekhar's marital life. A week later, Shekhar goes to Goa for a press conference and Kavya follows him there and tells him she had no choice other than this to break her feeling of loneliness. Something brews between the two as Shekhar goes back to his home in Mumbai. Soon enough, Nandita notices that Shekhar is uncomfortable with the surroundings and as she tries to help him he starts yelling at her about why she is giving him so much importance in her life. Further problems take place as Shekhar misses his daughter's annual school function, and then he decides to confront Kavya and asks her to end this relationship. But Kavya leaves no stone unturned, she goes and visits him at his office at the hospital and in tears asks him to forget all what he said yesterday and explains to him how she can feel happy only with him. Shekhar then hugs her and explains to her how much he loves her back. Back at home, Nandita tells Shekhar that a journalist from Mid-Day newspaper had called and wanted to speak to him. Ignoring this call, the next day Shekhar discovers that his relationship with Kavya is printed in the newspaper and has become the talk of the town. Kunal's wife Shilpa  then spots Nandita at a restaurant and shows her the newspaper, leaving her in complete shock. Later, Shekhar arrives at home as he and Nandita confront each other about the affair as the confrontation ends with Nandita giving him a slap on the face. The next day, Shekhar finds Nandita sitting at his office as she apologizes to him for what happened the previous night and tells him about how she wants both of them to fix what's been broken and how she will do anything just to save this marriage from breaking. She later visits Kavya's house to confront her and asks her to let her family live in peace. As Shekhar is informed about Nandita's visit to Kavya, he loses his temper and decides to leave the house telling Nandita how he regrets his marriage. The next day, Sheena's parents are called to her school to pick her up as she's sick while the principal tells them how he's upset with the recent change in Sheena's behavior at school. Sheena then tells her father that her classmates have been picking on her after his affair with the star, but he denies it when she asks him whether it’s true or not. Later that day, Kavya's manager  asks her to stop making her personal life public as her reputation is being ruined. Kavya then gets angry, blaming Nandita for what's happened and she fires her manager thinking he is working against her. She then asks Shekhar to make a choice between her and Nandita as wouldn't mind risking her own life to keep her man exclusively for herself. Torn between the two women, Shekhar decides to split from his wife and his daughter and chooses Kavya over his family not knowing that he would regret this choice forever. Shekhar then gets a call from Nandita, telling him that he should pay his daughter a visit as she's sick. Kavya refuses to let him go and tells him this is Nandita's plan to take him back. Shekhar gets furious and yells at her saying she is mad, lonely, and mentally ill. Kavya is hurt, so she grabs a gun, and shoots herself. Shekhar goes back to Nandita asking her for forgiveness, but she turns him down. After reading all this, Sheena goes back to her father and hugs him as he apologizes to her saying that he feels hurt because he has not been a good father. She accepts his apology, but the next day she wakes up to find out that her father has died. Sheena cries to her mother asking her to forgive him too and she finally agrees to forgive him."] ["Mera Pind is the story of a well-to-do NRI Navroz Singh Lamba  who has chosen to settle in his native village and spread the message of empowerment and entrepreneurship amongst the village youth. Led by Himmat , the youth set off a revolution in development of the village. It inspires Punjabis who are increasingly opting to settle abroad, to undertake business in their home villages and cities. Mera Pind is also a story of a young man seeking his love, the only barrier being the girl's father."] ["The story revolves around two brothers, Kishen  and Karan , who have spent their childhood growing up alone on the streets of Mumbai. In order for Karan to have a better upbringing and education, Kishen joins Anna Seth . Anna owns an oil factory, but that's a mere prop to cover up his dealings within the underworld. Karan is unaware of the fact that his brother is working for a gang. Inspector Prakash , Karan's best friend, is aware of Anna's gang activities and wants to bring him to justice. Anna knows that Karan and Prakash are best friends, so he sets up the murder of Prakash when Prakash and Karan are supposed to meet after Karan's arrival from America. Karan witnesses the murder of his friend Prakash, who dies in his arms. Karan is devastated with the happenings, and is even more shocked to learn that Kishen is a gangster working for Anna, the man responsible for Prakash's murder. Iqbal, who is friends with Karan, though crippled he keeps all the information of the underworld. This very knowledge is threat to life, since Abdul  is wary of Iqbal. Iqbal briefs Karan about all the internal information of Anna's Gang and his rival gang led by Musa. Determined Karan resolves for revenge. Karan goes to join Anna's gang. Anna wanting to weigh his credibility, locks him with Iqbal and can come out only after killing him. Anna is sure that Karan won't be able to kill Iqbal. Iqbal then shoots himself so that Karan can execute his plan without any guilt. To everyone else's surprise it appears that Karan has killed Iqbal and he becomes a part of Anna's gang. Kishen is very disappointed since he wanted his brother to led a normal life, but is not able to deter Karan from his motives. With the help of Musa, Karan is able to eliminate all the three killers of Prakash. By playing off one gang against the other, he hopes to exterminate both of them at the same time. In a desperate attempt to get Karan away from it all, Kishen gets him married to Paro. But when the couple is brutally killed on their wedding night, Kishen is out for revenge against Anna Seth."] ["'Saudamini'  is a bright village girl with academic ambitions and an appetite for literature and philosophy. Her intellectual uncle  indulges her brainy bent, encouraging her studies and running interference between Mini and her mother , a pious widow whose only concern is to see Mini married, and quickly. Mini has a nascent love affair with her neighbor Narendra , the zamindar's son, a student in Calcutta who on his frequent visits brings her Victorian literature, listens raptly to her discourse, and is bold enough to kiss her opportunistically when they are caught together in a rainstorm. Circumstances conspire against Mini and Narendra, though, and soon Mini finds herself married against her wishes to a wheat trader 'Ghanshyam'  from a neighboring village. Plunged into despair, Mini struggles to become accustomed to life in her unwanted marriage and her new home, where Ganshyam's stepmother seems to favor Mini's sisters-in-law and where her new husband treats her with a patience that she finds perplexing. http://www.filmigeek.net/2007/08/swami-1977.html"] ["Shobaraj  is the leader of an underworld gang. The Deputy Superintendent of Police  is tracking down Shobaraj and in one of their confrontations the DSP wounds Shobaraj, resulting in his death. The DSP then secretly holds a burying of Shobaraj. After which the DSP remembers a person 'Raj'  who looks like Shobaraj, Who's really is Shobaraj's blood brother, who were separated when they were small. DSP then tracks that person down.He requests Raj to impersonates Shobaraj so that the DSP can take down the rest of Shobaraj's gang, Raj requests that the DSP promises him that he will give a proper education to the children that he is looking after. But in an unexpected turn of events the DSP dies. The DSP is the only one who knows the truth about the impersonator who now finds himself in a life-threatening situation - hunted by both the cops and the real Shobaraj's henchmen and to make matters worse, he then finds out that Interpol Officer is a crook and has taken the place of the real person. He is the one responsible for the DSP's murder. It's now a race to retrieve a the DSP's diary in which the DSP has documented his substitution of the real Shobaraj."] ["Shankar , a petty thief, in desperate need of money, steals from the local don  and escapes his way into a team of doctors heading for relief work to Bangkok. Unfortunately, he loses the all-important money bag in the chaos. In Bangkok, his world turns upside down at a massage parlour where he bumps into Jasmine . The hitch is, she is all Thai and he can't converse with her at all. A ray of hope comes his way the next day when Jasmine turns up desperately in need of a doctor. Shankar, posing as a doctor along with the Sardar buddy Rachinder, jumps into this whirlpool, while Jasmine soon gets pulled into his bumbling adventures while running away from the don and his son ."] ["Bhagat Singh was born in British India in 1907. As a child he witnessed numerous atrocities committed on fellow Indians by their British rulers, who came to trade under the guise of the East India Company, but ended up controlling most of the nation, and permitting tyrants such as General Reginald Dyer to massacre thousands of innocent men, women and children in Jallianwala Bagh. As a child he was impressed by Mohandas K. Gandhi, especially his call to launch the non-cooperation movement, which led to thousands of people burning British-made clothing, giving up school, college studies, and government jobs &mdash; only to be let down by Gandhi when he called off the movement. Undaunted, Bhagat Singh  decided to be a revolutionary, starting with getting into petty fights, then as a grown-up joining the Hindustan Republic Association. His father, Kishan, paid Rs.60,000/- and bailed him out, so that he could get him to run a dairy-farm and get married to a girl named Manavali. When Lala Lajpat Rai was beaten to death by the police, Bhagat, with Shivaram Rajguru, Sukhdev, and others daringly carried out the assassination of a police officer named Saunders, which eventually led to Bhagat's arrest. He was lodged in a cell, tortured and beaten mercilessly. But being a revolutionary was in Bhagat's blood: When the British proposed the Trade Disputes and Public Safety Bills, he initiated the bombing in the Indian Parliament Building, with Batukeshwar Dutt, was arrested, and tried in an open court. This is where Bhagat launched his much-publicized revolution, and became popular with the masses, especially the younger generation, laborers, and farmers, so much so that his popularity rivaled that of Gandhi himself. Even in Lahore prison, Bhagat made headline news when he and other prisoners undertook a 63-day fast unto death to improve the conditions of Indian freedom-fighter prisoners. Then the British re-opened the Saunders' murder case, which led to death sentences being imposed on Bhagat, Shivram, and Sukhdev. The entire nation rose up in protest, including the Congress party &mdash; with the ball in Gandhi's court &mdash; for he was due to sign the Irwin Pact, and Indians hoped that he would use this as a bargaining chip to save the lives of the heroic trio."] ["The film begins in a small village named Ramgarh, which is home to ex-policeman Thakur Baldev Singh . He summons an old colleague and requests him to track down a pair of small-time thieves he had once apprehended in the line of duty. Though the two petty criminals Veeru  and Jaidev  are notorious, the Thakur feels that they would be the ideal men to help him end the tyranny of Gabbar Singh , an infamous dacoit wanted by the authorities for a {{INR}}50,000 reward. After scenes show how the three fought together during a train robbery attempt, and how the criminals often get in and out of jail, and often settle their differences with a coin toss, Veeru and Jai are found and brought to Ramgarh. They are told by the Thakur that they are to hand over Gabbar alive to him for {{INR}}20,000, plus the {{INR}}50,000 reward. Three of Gabbar's enforcers arrive in Ramgarh to collect supplies from the defenseless villagers, but they go back empty-handed due to Veeru and Jai's intervention. In Gabbar's camp, the tyrant interrogates the three about why they were defeated by only two men. His psychotic nature is shown when he subjects his men to a game of Russian roulette, but eventually they are shot dead. Gabbar attacks Ramgarh during Holi, and in a tough battle, Veeru and Jai meet their match and are held at gunpoint. With his two recruits facing death, Thakur has a chance to throw a gun to Veeru. Instead of helping, he stands watching. With quick thinking, Veeru and Jai manage to save their lives. They then state their intentions to leave the villagers to defend themselves, due to the Thakur's cowardice. Before they can leave, Thakur tells them the real reason of why he wants Gabbar, and why he could not help them. Some time ago, Thakur had caught Gabbar and had him imprisoned only for him to escape and plot an evil revenge. Gabbar made his way to the Thakur's home and killed most of his family. The only person to survive this massacre was Thakur's younger daughter-in-law, Radha . Thakur tracked down Gabbar, but this time the tyrant held the upper hand due to his gang, and cut off both of Thakur's arms. Thakur had hidden this disability from Veeru and Jai, but now it was clear why he could not physically help them in the first place. Feeling sorry for Thakur, Veeru and Jai decided to forget the reward, though Jai swore on his word to Thakur that he and Veeru will bring Gabbar alive as promised. Living in Ramgarh, the cynical young Jai and lively Veeru find themselves growing fond of the villagers, especially two girls. Veeru is attracted to Basanti , a feisty, talkative young woman who makes her living by driving a horse-cart. Jai is drawn to Radha, Thakur's reclusive widowed daughter-in-law, who returns his affections but not overtly. Basanti and Veeru are captured and Jai follows. The three escape, but Jai is wounded by a gunshot, and with the bandits still following, they hide behind a rock at the foot of a bridge, due to shortage of ammunition. Jai orders Veeru to go back to the village with Basanti, and then return with some ammunition. Veeru, even though unaware of Jai's wound, hesitates, insisting that Jai return to the village instead, upon which Jai suggests that they resolve the matter by tossing a coin. The toss, as always seems to happen, is in Jai's favor, and Veeru heads back to the village with Basanti. Jai, slowly dying with only a few bullets remaining, manages to fend off advances by the bandits, and kills most of Gabbar's men. After failing in most of their advances , in one last attempt, the bandits throw a stick of dynamite, which lands on the bridge near him. Realizing he has only one bullet remaining, Jai blasts the bomb with that last shot from close range , so that the bridge blows up and the dacoits are unable to enter the village and catch Veeru before he could return safely. In the process, he sacrifices his own life for his friend's safety. Veeru returns to find Jai dying, and immediately wants to take him back, but Jai refuses. He sadly says on missing Veeru's marriage, and telling stories to Basanti's and Veeru's children. Some of the villagers rush to the scene, including Radha, who once again has to endure the anguish of losing someone. Veeru then notices Jai's coin lying on the ground, and, upon examination, discovers that both sides of the coin are same, and realizes that Jai has sacrificed his life for him and had cheated him on every coin toss, including the one that resulted in his demise. Veeru goes after Gabbar in a rage. He catches Gabbar, and almost beats him to death, when the Thakur appears and reminds Veeru of the promise to hand over Gabbar to him alive. Veeru is thinking about breaking the promise and killing Gabbar, when he is reminded that the promise was made by Jai and not him. Veeru tells Thakur that the only reason for him doing so was because it was Jai who made the promise, and leaves. Thakur then advances towards Gabbar, revealing spike-soled shoes, intended to torture and kill Gabbar who begs for life. Thakur severely assaults Gabbbar, destroying his hands, and finally pushing him to a post with protruding spikes, and achieving his vengeance. The film ends with Veeru, after Jai's funeral, leaving on a train. However, as he boards, he sees Basanti in one of the seats. As they embrace, the train steams off, with Thakur watching. <ref namehttp://homecinema.thedigitalfix.co.uk/content.php?contentidSholay  Region 0 DVD Review |accessdatethedigitalfix}}<ref namehttp://im.rediff.com/movies/2001/feb/07anu.htm |title7 February 2001 |work27 September 2010}}"] ["City-based Ashok, who works as a Salesman in a Toy Store, has always dreamed of marrying village-based Ashoo. He is a close friend with his co-worker, Amjad, whose marriage is being finalized with Shabnam. Ashok goes to the village to meet and get Ashoo to marry him but finds she has been abducted by his brother, Bhagat, who had earlier killed her brother, Bhagwan. Ashok manages to rescue her, and they flee Bhagat and his goons in order to try and reach Amjad's wedding ceremony. Amjad is ready to even postpone the wedding in order to give Ashok enough time to make it - but nothing will prepare him for the shock when he gets the news that the train Ashok and Ashoo were traveling in had met with an accident - with very few survivors."] ['Lazy and unemployed Pratap Narayan Tilak , who at a very young age was thrown out of his village by his mother for disobeying her orders, meets famous journalist Meghna Dixit . Megha persuades Pratap to be a champion of justice for those around him, defend their rights and make them independent. However, he runs into strong resistance, from within his very own community, the police, and some very powerful and influential politicians. Unable to bear the injustice, Pratap decides to take the law into his own hands, resulting in chaos and violence, thus giving rise to a saga of revenge and corruption within his own people.'] ["Khushi tells the story of a boy and girl, who are in love, but are kept apart by their inflated egos. Karan  is born in Kolkata, while Khushi  is born in a village in U.P. Karan intends going to Canada for further studies, but, due to an accident, is forced to enroll in the Mumbai University. Khushi's father  believes that she has studied enough and should now marry a boy who is ready to be his ghar-jamai. But Khushi insists on pursuing her education at the Mumbai University. At the University, Karan meets Khushi through common friends. These common friends fall in love with each other and it is up to Karan and Khushi to bring them together. In the process, the two fall in love. But with pride in the way, the two never get to express their love for each other till the time comes to bid goodbye."] ["Unemployed but tolerant and kind hearted Arjun Malvankar stays in the suburbs of Bombay with his father and step mother and step sister. Mr. Malvankar  still works in old age to make both ends meet. One day Arjun beats up a group of ruffians who are thrashing a poor man for not paying extortion taxes. With this incident, Arjun's life changes. Arjun invokes the wrath of the local goon, who orders more people to go and take him, but this s time, assisted by his five friends, Arjun beats them badly and send them back. The goon warns Arjun's parents to advise him against his activities, lest he get himself killed, at the infuriated Arjun not only goes and thrashes him , but also destroys his bar and all its activities. Arjun is arrested but let off with a warning by the cops. However, a new inspector Ravi Rane ([[Raj Kiran  notes that Arjun is actually doing the right thing. he also begins to fall in love with Arjun's sister. Arjun is also approached by Geeta , a journalist who asks him for a favour which he obliges, and after which they both get close to each other. Soon Arjun begins to grab attention. The chief minister Deen Dayal Trivedi , who is behind all illegal activitis in the city, and who is also supporting the don, gets to know of Arjun. He thinks that Arjun is working for his rival Shiv Kumar Chowgule  whose party is trying to get nominated for the upcoming elections, and orders that he and his friends be eliminated. The gang attack and kill one of Arjun's friends, Mohan  in the public. Though Arjun tries his best, no one comes forward to give witness to the murder out of fear, because of which the killers are left free. Arjun goes and beats up the killers till he is stopped by police. Now Arjun is approached by Shiv Kumar Chowgule,whose party is trying to get nominated for the upcoming elections,and who sees that Arjun is destroying all the activities of his rival Trivedi. His right hand man Babu Ram  approaches Arjun but is simply turned down. Soon Arjun's family put him out of the house, and with nowhere to go, he agrees to go with Chowgule, thinking that the latter is an honest and upright person trying to eliminate the wicked Trivedi and all his activities sin the city.With Arjun to help him, Chowgule destroys all of Trivedi's activities. He breaks up Trivedi's Matka den operated by his trusted aides, Anoop . He also manages to lay hold of Anand Patkar , a wealthy alcoholic who is part of the nomination committee for elections and on Trivedi's side. Arjun gets to know that a blackmailer has a few illicit photos of Anand with which he blackmails him, and he uses force to get the photos and negatives from the blackmailer. Pleased by this, Anand now decides to shift sides and instead of supporting Trivedi, begins to support Chowgule on Ajay's request. The enraged Trivedi orders Anoop to murder Anand, which he does but unfortunately gets caught red handed by police. Arjun now gets his sister married to Inspector Ravi at her request, and also handles the shop owner where his father is working for ill treating the latter. Finally , Chowgule tells Arjun to get some secret files and documents form Trivedi, which can be used against the latter to expose him in public. Arjun gets this information form Trivedi's right hand man and manages to flick the papers and hand them to Chowgule. The pleased politician congratulates him and promises him that Trivedi will now be exposed. The film takes a twist when Arjun sees that Chowgule has joined hands with Trivedi and that none of the evidence he collected has really been published anywhere, as promised by Chowgule. He realizes that the politician is a corrupt person who was using him for his own gains. The car and house given to Arjun are also confiscated. The corrupt MLAs now turn to another one of Arjun's friends, Chander  and promising him money, ask him to kill the arrested Anoop in court, which he does. In jail, Chander tells Arjun taht his mother is ill and sister unmarried, and he committed the murder for money. Arjun rushes to his house, only to find that his mother has died, and sister has eloped with somebody. On returning to visit him in prison, he sees that his friend has hung himself. Frustrated, angered, Arjun goes to fight the politicians at their speech rally but is simply thrown out. At home with Geeta, Arjun is visited by his father, who tells him that all his life he has borne wrongdoings and injustice. He blesses his son, telling him that he is with him in the fight against injustice. The film then reaches its climax, where Arjun breaks into Trivedi's house and beats hm up, then proceeds to Chowgule's mansion, where he beats up the politician and takes away all the files and evidence of both Chowgule's and Trivedi's bad activities. But the wounded Chowgule orders his men to chase Arjun and kill him. Arjun is now on the run in the empty streets of Bombay at night, with goons hot on his heels. They manage to shoot him a couple of times, but Arjun still runs. He manages to evade them , causing their vehicles to crash, until finally he kills the last goon and arrives at Inspector Ravi's Police station, where he collapses and gives him the evidence. Chowgule and Trivedi are finally arrested. The film ends with Ravi giving Arjun a thumbs up in hospital."] ['Luck follows the story of kingpin Karim Musa , who is a very lucky person seeing the story of his life. He remained the sole survivor when a mosque collapsed in Maharashtra when he was just a child of nine months and was amongst very few survivors of another incident at the age of 12. When he was 14, he challenged three friends to jump from a four-storied building and remained alive, though with some injuries, and won. He started gambling at 19 and since then tried out his luck in different places of the world and became known as Musa Bhai. To him gambling and drug smuggling have become old ways to get money, his latest interest is investment on people\'s luck. A very lucky young man, Ram Mehra ([[Imran Khan , is abducted by Lakhan Tamang , but instead of taking, he gives Ram 1 lakh rupees and explains that Ram is very lucky as Tamang bought lottery tickets for two years without any success until he took tickets from Ram both of which won him 2 lakh rupees. He then offers Ram 20 lakh rupees for which Ram has to gamble with him for 20 days. After Ram agrees, Musa Bhai and Tamang create a game, getting lots of lucky people to play, and the luckiest ones win them money. Later, along with Ram, Tamang hires another lucky man, Major Jawan Pratap Singh , who is a soldier and a lucky one as he fought in many battles and faced numerous bullets none that could kill him. He is in need of money for the operation of his wife, Sheela . Tamang visits Pakistan where he sees Shortcut , a 16 year old girl, who is also known to be lucky as any camel she rides wins the race and observes her winning one despite her camel\'s half-broken leg. Tamang pays four lakh rupees to "export" her to South Africa. Tamang then invites the sole-criminal, Raghav  to the game. Raghav was put in Tihar Jail for raping many women, and also killing them, but when he was hanged, he survived, and since the Indian law doesn\'t allow one person to be hanged twice, he frees from Tihar Jail. All competitors arrive in Cape Town. There, Ram meets another lucky girl . Her name is revealed to be Ayesha and Tamang says she took part in the game once before. In their first game, all competitors shoot the person to their right at the same time. All the real unlucky ones die, though the real lucky ones survive. Later that night, while everyone is eating at a dining table, Raghav goes to Ayesha\'s room, and starts flirting with her, though Ayesha pays no attention and leaves. The second game is where all of the lucky ones take parachutes and jump off from a helicopter. Among the unlucky is Ayesha whose parachute doesn\'t open but she is saved by Ram, who developed a liking towards her, and afterwards, they start getting closer. In the third game, everyone is left in a hollow tank with one of everyone\'s hand locked with handcuffs and in front of them are 300 keys and one each will open the handcuffs and added to their trouble are the sharks that swim around them as they start opening the handcuffs as the tank sinks. Only one dies, though the most jolly girl, whom everyone loved, Shortcut is attacked by a shark. The shark bites her leg, but since Ram can\'t bear to see it, he jumps into the water, and saves the harmed Shortcut . Later on, it is revealed that due to her leg, Shortcut will not be taking part in any of the games anymore. Before the third and final game, Raghav tries to rape Ayesha, who then runs away to Musa and Tamang, where it is revealed that Ayesha is really dead and it is Natasha  playing, taking Ayesha\'s character whilst seeking revenge on Musa, for murdering her sister, though Musa finds out about this, and uses her for the game. In the final game, Ram, on whom the bid is the highest ever, has to save Natasha before the train she\'s tied to hits an oil tanker while Major Singh will help him and Raghav will shoot at Ram and the other survivors try to stop Ram. On the train, Ram starts to fight Raghav, but once Raghav is knocked out on the floor, Ram goes to save Natasha, but Raghav gets up, then interrupted by Major Singh, who to save Natasha and Ram, jumps onto Raghav. However, Raghav pushes Major Singh down to the back of the train, which later explodes. Raghav then goes to Ram, who is currently untying Natasha\'s hands, though Raghav attacks Ram from the back, but when the oil tank reaches right in front of the train, Ram and Natasha jump off, and Raghav dies. When Ram and Natasha realize what has happened, before they lose hope, Major Singh is seen on the floor getting up, who explains that he jumped off the train a second before his side of the train exploded. The three survivors are then approached by Musa and Tamang, who claim that they won 20 crore rupees each due to Ram. In the climax, Ram stakes his reward and challenges Musa to a game where two pistols are dug in coal the train\'s carrying and one has to find one and shoot the other. Mussa finds both but hands one to Ram and both shoot at the same time and hit each other, Ram is shot at the place of his heart and Mussa survives as he is hit at his shoulder. Though, it is shown that Ram\'s heart is at his right side , very rare for a human, rather than left and eventually wins back his reward. Then, Shortcut\'s leg is fixed by a prosthesis, Major Singh saves his wife and maintains his title "Lucky Major Jawan Pratap Singh" and Ram and Natasha become life partners.'] ["Nirmala Gupta , wife of Dwarka Prasad Gupta ([[Ashok Kumar , runs her household very strictly. While most of her family resent this, they obey her instructions to be on her good side. Things start to change after her second son gets married to Anju. Manju , Anju's sister, comes over to stay for a few days with the Gupta family. Manju resents the way Nirmala treats people and feels some permanent changes are needed in the household. She begins to stir up trouble as she slowly convinces the others that it's OK to speak one's heart and break the rules sometimes. Everyone in the household is enamored by Manju's vivaciousness and fun-loving spirit, save for Nirmala who considers her antics childish and irresponsible. One day while all other members of the family except Nirmala are away from the hous for three or four days, leaving Manju in the house, Dwarka Prasad suffers a heart attack when he verbally attacks his wife for being unfriendly and harsh towards Manju. Nirmala then realizes Manju's responsible and caring attitude as she helps Dwarka Prasad receive medical treatment and takes care of him. The movie ends with Manju marrying Nirmala's third son Inder  as she is accepted by Nirmala."] ["Ajay Singh  meets Asha Chibber , and is led to believe that she belongs to a wealthy family. After a few misunderstandings, he does find out that she is a simple girl living a poor lifestyle. Both do fall in love, and Ajay goes to meet with Asha's brother, Dr. O.P. Chibber , and his wife, Shanti . They are pleased to meet him, and Ajay's mother, Gayetridevi  visits them and approves of Asha. Ajay and Asha get married and settle down. After marriage Asha is expected to conceive, but she is unable to do so. After a certain incident she also loses her eyesight and becomes dependent on Ajay. Frustrated Gayetridevi decides to ask Asha to leave the house, and arranges a second marriage for Ajay, an act which will change the lives of everyone in the house."] ['Dil Ka Rishta is about a young man named Jai . He is very wealthy and supports many charities. One day, he accompanies his friend Anita  to a school for the deaf. There, he meets Tia , a teacher, and falls in love with her. He helps her wherever he can and tries to be near her—and he believes that Tia feels something for him, too. When he finally admits his feelings, Tia reveals the existence of her fiancé Raj , and leaves Jai. She begins to hate Jai as he tried to win her earlier. Tia marries Raj and they have a son named Anshu. The trio live a poor but happy life together. Jai is devastated, since several attempts to win over Tia\'s heart, fail. One night, being completely drunk, he drives home and causes an accident: Anita, who was with Jai in the car, dies immediately and so does Raj, who happened to be the driver of the other car. Tia herself survives but loses her memory. The doctors believe that Tia will not be able to handle the return of her memories and advise Tia\'s mother  to move her daughter to a place where nothing reminds her of her past. Jai wants to look after Tia  and offers to take Tia and her mother to South Africa where they can live with him. Tia\'s mother accepts for Tia\'s sake, though she loathes Jai for taking away her son-in-law and her daughter\'s memories. Tia is told that Anshu is Jai and Anita\'s son. Tia is told that Anshu loves his "aunt" very much and that she should look after the boy so he won\'t miss his mother too much. In Africa, Tia\'s mother realizes Tia\'s emerging feelings for Jai and warns him not to do anything inappropriate. Jai looks after Tia, but whenever she is trying to get close to him, he keeps his distance. Even as Jai\'s father  tries to set them up, Jai refuses her—even though he loves her more than anything else. Finally Tia\'s mother accepts the fact that her daughter is in love with Jai and agrees: they can get married. When Tia looks for Jai\'s approval, things get out of control. Tia flees and Jai follows her: after a car-chase sequence they have a fight. The truth is revealed: Anshu is Tia\'s son and she is a widow. Jai\'s father, who has finally arrived with Tia\'s mother, explains that Jai is very much in love with Tia, but he hopes  that she regains her memory and punishes him for what he did: killing her husband in the car accident. Instead of a punishment, Tia forgives Jai, telling him that the past is gone and she cannot remember it anyway. She decides to leave Jai and takes Anshu with her. Jai stops her: He wants to be a father for Anshu, tells her that he loves her and asks her to marry him. Tia accepts and they get their happy ending.'] ["Lallan Singh  is a goon, originally from Bihar but settled in Kolkata, West Bengal because his brother Gopal Singh  has left him alone and he had no option of earning back home. He loves, marries, and abuses his wife, Shashi Biswas . Michael Mukherjee  is an influential student leader who wants politicians like Prosenjit Bhattacharya  to keep away from college elections. Michael is in love with his neighbor Radhika  who lives with her uncle and aunt. And then there is Arjun , carefree and spoiled son of an IAS officer. He wants to relocate to the U.S. for a better future. He falls in love with Mira , whom he just met. After talking to Michael, Arjun changes his mind and wants to be a politician. Prosenjit is worried when he hears news of students standing in the election. He uses every possible way to get them out of Politics. Firstly he provides scholarship of a prestigious foreign university to Michael. When Micheal refuses the bribe, he orders his goon Gopal Singh to take control. Gopal beats some students but faces very strong retaliation from Michael and his fellow students. After that Lallan Singh takes charge and kills Gopal. He kidnaps Arjun and other candidates. However, they manage to escape with the help of Lallan Singh's ally. Lallan follows Arjun and beats him up. While running, Arjun manages to call Michael for help. He comes to rescue Arjun at Howrah Bridge. Then Lallan is handed to the police. Michael wins the four seats he and his fellow students have contested for. Shashi leaves for her hometown while Lallan remains in prison. Michael, Arjun and two friends enter Vidhansabha."] ["Shortly after independence India faces terrorists attacks in Assam, resulting in many deaths and casualties. A group of concerned citizens, who are not connected with the government, decide to do something to stop this carnage. While Salim is already at work in Beirut, his cover is blown and he is shot dead. Now Sunil Mehra must travel to Beirut and take over. Once there, he meets a former flame, Meenakshi Mehta, and a female admirer by the name of Zenab. The terrorists are headed by a man named Syed, who deputes one of his assistants, Madame, to spy on Sunil's dad, Diwan Chand Mehra, by posing as Mehra's daughter's aunt, forcing her to obey by abducting her son, Babloo, and holding him captive. Soon Syed and his associates, including Doctor X and Captain find out all secrets of Mehra, as a result of which Sunil is trapped and held by Syed. Then Diwan's world is shattered when Meenakshi telephonically informs him that Sunil has been killed. The question remains what will happen to Babloo, Diwan, and the rest of the concerned citizens, especially when they have become vulnerable due to Madame's presence in their very household."] ["Nandu  an orphan turned assassin somehow gets wrongly accused of a politician's murder and is on the run. On his escapade on a train he meets Puran , who is homebound after fourteen years, they get chatting and Nandu finds all about his joint family and the wedding of Puran's sister that he is going to attend. However the police catch up with Nandu on the train and shoot at him but Puran gets hit accidentally and dies on the spot. Nandu goes to Puran's family home in his village to return his grandfathers watch and also to break the news of his grandson's death to him. However it turns out that Puran's family mistakes Nandu for Puran and makes him a part of the celebration at home. He thinks that it is his responsibility to fulfill the deeds the Puran had to fulfill. Preet , who is the daughter of Puran's grandfather's friend is in awe of Nandu and falls in love with him. CBI Inspector Rane , is given the responsibility of tracking down the killer and is after Nandu. At the end, Nandu realizes that his friend Shekar  is behind everything. He has a tape of his innocence and gives it to Inspector Rane. He then goes back to Puran's family and lives with them."] ['It is a story about a theatre group composed of talented and aspiring college and actors set out to have some fun. Somewhere along their journey, they realize that they want more. They want to touch the sky with their brilliance. As in life, through their insecurities, anxieties, and dilemmas they find that friendship and dedication leads them to near heights, beyond the darkness that temporarily blinds each of them. Aasma has a bunch of talented artists  but then luck has been eluding them for quite a while. They are unable to get offers to play and this leads to more problems. Then its main sponsor  backs out of the group and this makes them fall on to doldrums. From then on, the group tries to overcome several hurdles, and all of a sudden, it is discovered that the main character Shubh discovers that he is affected with HIV disease. Here onwards, it is about how to live life normally even after facing such situations. How do they cope up with this situation forms the rest of the story.'] ["A young man, Sunil Kohli , falls for beautiful Sonia . Soon, they get married and leave for their honeymoon. On the way, owing to bad weather, they decide to spend a night at a bungalow owned by Sunil's boss. The boss's son, Dheeraj Kapoor , tries to rape Sonia when she is alone. But Sunil arrives in time, and a fight ensues, resulting in the death of Dheeraj. Sunil gets arrested and, later, sentenced to death by the court. But, on the way to prison, the police van carrying him meets with an accident. All occupants are killed. Years after, Sonia, working as a school teacher and bringing up Sunil's and her son single-handed, finds out that her husband is still alive. He is living with a new identity as Sudhir, and is married to a rich woman named Chandni . After escaping from the police van, Sunil met Chandni, whose lover had ditched her on learning of her pregnancy. Sunil married her to provide legitimacy to her child, in return for her help in establishing his new identity. Now, after so many years, the law is once again at his door step. This time, however, there is an added crime to his name—bigamy."] ["Based on the novel by author Rabindranath Tagore, Chaturanga is about a love caught between conflicting worlds of ideas. Set in Colonial Bengal at the turn of the twentieth century, the film weaves a rich tapestry of crisscrossing desires and moralities.The lead protagonist Sachish fleets from radical positivism to religious mysticism in his quest for life's meaning. However, his search ultimately yields nothing but crushing disillusionment. This is because he cannot square his abstract ideals with the powerful presences of two women in his life. One of them is Damini, a young Hindu widow, and the other is Nanibala, the abandoned mistress of Sachish's own brother.Sachish tries to convince himself that Nanibala is simply a helpless woman who needs to be 'rescued' by him. Similarly, during his later religious phase, he pretends that the widow Damini is merely an enticement of Nature that must be avoided at all costs for spiritual salvation. Chaturanga thus becomes, after a point, a psychodrama of unbelievable cruelty. Nanibala becomes a victim of it because as a 'fallen woman' she can only be 'saved', but her humanity cannot be recognized. Damini is first given away by her dying husband, along with all her property, to a religious guru. She then falls in love with Sachish who can accept her only without her sexuality."] ["The central character is the Post Master who is given a mysterious cheque for {{INR}}500,000 to be given to anyone who will use it to benefit the people of the village. There is a postman who pretends to be lame and is secretly rich and may have sent the cheque. Then the postmaster's wife who is sick and would rather use the money to cure her illness and his beautiful daughter Seema , who has a crush on the village school master. Meanwhile all the greedy and influential people of the village are busy trying to convince everybody why they are most deserving of the money; they include the village priest, the land lord, the money lender, the village doctor and the school master, who is by far the most respected. They all decide democracy is the best means and decide to hold an election where the winner gets the money. The movie is a satirical look at democracy rough various twists and turns in the plot interweaved with a simple love story."] ["A voice-over by RD  introduces the four main characters: Ranvir Singh  runs a successful business he inherited from his father. His younger brother Rajiv Singh  mooches off of Ranvir and is an alcoholic. Ranvir is dating an upcoming model Sonia , while his personal assistant Sophia  appears to be secretly in love with him. Ranvir is also involved in an intense competition with a rival horse-owner Kabir . The film opens with a murder plot involving a car accident which Ranvir narrowly survives. When Ranvir loses money in a race because his jockey had been bribed by Kabir, Ranvir plants a bomb in the jockey's car and kills him, showing Ranvir to be a ruthless businessman. In a drunken stupor, Rajiv confesses to Ranvir that he likes Sonia and that he would quit drinking if he could spend his life with a woman like her. Ranvir immediately stops dating Sonia so that Rajiv can have her. Rajiv and Sonia begin dating and appear happy until, in a twist, Rajiv reveals he knows of Sonia's shady past and suspicious motives. Rajiv reveals that his father had secured identical life-insurance policies for huge sums on each of the sons. He explains that he wants to kill Ranvir in what would appear to be an accident and inherit $100 million in insurance payments and wants Sonia to play along. Sonia agrees to help in exchange for $20 million. They pretend to get married and Rajiv ignores Sonia in this fake-marriage while continuing to play an alcoholic. As per his instructions, Sonia seduces Ranvir who confesses he loved her all along. Rajiv reveals the rest of his plan: to threaten to commit suicide in response to Sonia and Ranvir's affair by leaping off a tall building, have Ranvir appear on the terrace, and get Sonia to push Ranvir off. However, in a new twist, it turns out Ranvir was aware of the plan all along as Sonia, who had apparently fallen in love with Ranvir, had been keeping him updated. Things go according to plan but Sonia double-crosses Ranvir and pushes him off, saying she loved him, but the money was more important. Inspector RD appears at this point to investigate the death, accompanied by a ditzy assistant . He immediately suspects foul-play in the death. During his investigation, Ranvir's assistant Sophia reveals that she was married to Ranvir and produces a legitimate marriage certificate. Sonia is shocked that their plan has been thwarted as Sophia is now the heir to the insurance money. In another twist, Sophia was in on the plan all along and is secretly dating Rajiv. Rajiv plans to bump off Sonia after he and Sophia get the insurance money. However, RD figures out during his investigation that Sophia and Rajiv had faked her marriage with Ranvir and that he had been tricked into signing the marriage certificate. RD confronts Rajiv about this and agrees to remain silent about it in exchange for $25 million. Rajiv hires the same hitman who had attempted to murder Ranvir at the beginning to kill Sonia, revealing that he had been behind the first murder attempt, too. Just as the hitman is about to kill Sonia, Ranvir reappears and rescues her. Ranvir then confronts Rajiv and explains that he had overheard Rajiv discussing the failed murder attempt with the hitman and had been playing along the whole time so he could get the insurance money from his own fake-death and the insurance money from killing Rajiv. He allows Rajiv one last chance to win by agreeing to a car race. Ranvir shows up to the race in a sports car. When Rajiv protests, he switches cars with him. This turns out to be a trick as Rajiv had tampered with the brakes on his own car. Ranvir, in turns, lies to Rajiv, claiming he had planted a bomb in his car, similar to the one that killed the jockey, and that it would be detonated if Rajiv ever slowed down below 100 km/h. This deceives Rajiv into crashing into a petroleum tank, killing him and Sophia, who had been riding with him. Ranvir narrowly escapes death himself. In the end, Ranvir collects the insurance money from Rajiv and Sophia's death and his own fake-death. He is fleeing the city, only to be stopped by Inspector RD, who had been in on the plan, too, and had helped Ranvir fake his death and get the insurance money. Inspector RD takes his half of the money, only to find a bomb in the bag along with the money. The bomb does not detonate, and Ranvir reveals that it was a mere precaution to see if RD would try to betray him and take all the money. Ranvir rewards RD for his relative honesty by allowing him to live."] ['The main protagonist is Chander, a tourist photographer in the Indian city of Nainital who lives with his parents  and best friend Johnny . While on his way to work, he meets a stage dancer  named Nirmala [played by Preeti Jhangiani] and is seduced by her beauty. He takes photographs of her and later befriends her, serenading her with sweet nothings about "taking her across the moon and stars" and promises to take her to the city of dreams, Mumbai. She agrees to be with him, despite objections from her guardians, her uncle (played by  and aunt  who had other plans for her. From there her career as a star begins under a new name, Garima. Chander sells his camera to Johnny, as well as his studio to raise money for the realization of their dreams. A film director named Arman Khan discovers Garima and gives her the lead role in his film. Garima attains fame and wealth. She eventually starts to cold-shoulder Chander. Her assistant Kapoor  dislikes Chander and plots to get rid of him. He succeeds in getting Chander thrown out of Garima\'s house. Chander\'s friend advises him to return to Nainital. Upon his return, Chander learns that his father has died and that his mother is staying with his old friend Johnny. Johnny advises Chander to start fresh and returns his camera. Chander returns to his old job. Eventually, he runs into Garima and pleads with her to take him back. She eventually agrees and they get back together.'] ["Nasik-based Heerendra Dhaan  and Raj Ranade  are bodyguards of a politician but, after their employer is implicated in a scam, they end up assaulting a police officer and flee to Mumbai. Once there they meet with Rambhabhai , who in turn, gets them employed with a gangster named Shambhu. After a short while the duo are apprehended by Police Inspector Narsimha, questioned, and after they agree to cooperate to bring down Shambhu, are let go. The two succeed in assisting the police arrest Shambhu, but they themselves are arrested, tried in Court, and sentenced to a year in jail. After their discharge they are met by Inspector Narsimha , who wants to recruit them to capture and kill dreaded bandit Babban Singh , who had slaughtered his wife, Kavita , and son, Subbu , as well as cut his fingers off. Heerendra and Raj agree to carry out this task for 8 Lakh Rupees. They re-locate to Kaliganj where Heerendra falls in love with auto-rickshaw driver, Ghungroo , while Raj gives his heart to Subbu's widow, Durga . They then set out to capture Babban and meet with some success during Diwali, but Babban manages to escape. Babban then starts to ambush and kill Kaliganj residents to compel them to surrender the duo to him. The question remains will the residents carry out Babban's wishes or will they permit themselves to be slaughtered?"] ["Bhavna is a story of a less privileged women. A lady who was living all alone in the city met a man named Ajay Kapoor in a garden, sketching. They became friends and later on friendship turned into love. Eventually they got married, however, Kapor's dad had not granted permission for this marriage. After bearing a financial crises, Ajay went to see his dad who was residing in another city. Ajay never came back to Bhavna. Bhavna went to that city and was astonished to see that Ajay married another women. Dejected Bhanva came back and started a new job. But this was not the end of the story."] ['Chhoti Si Baat is a romantic comedy about a painfully shy young man Arun Pradeep , who lacks self-confidence and fails to stand up for his convictions, in the process letting all and sundry walk all over him. One fine day he comes across Prabha Narayan  at the bus stop en route to work and it\'s love at first sight... for Arun that is. Lacking enough courage and unsure if his feelings are reciprocated, he pines for her from afar and follows her around, at a safe distance . Prabha, fully aware of his affections, secretly relishes his discomfort, while waiting for him to make the first move.  While Arun is hopelessly stuck, in comes the suave, brash Nagesh Shastri , a colleague of Prabha\'s, and emerges a serious rival for her attention. It doesn\'t help that he appears to be miles ahead of Arun in the "race" and is all that Arun is not: He\'s gregarious while Arun is shy, he\'s confident and boastful, while Arun is besieged with self-doubt, he\'s smooth, while Arun is awkward, he\'s street smart, while Arun\'s naïve, he\'s assertive while Arun is timid. Plus he owns a scooter and ensures that he has opportunities to offer Prabha a ride, while Arun can only look on. A gullible Arun, trying to match Nagesh with a motorbike of his own, is conned into buying a dud, further embarrassing him in front of Prabha. He seeks salvation in astrology, tarot cards, dubious godmen only to land with egg on his face. In desperation, he finally turns to Colonel Julius Nagendranath Wilfred Singh  of Khandala, who has made it his mission to assist those in love find their true destiny. Colonel Singh agrees to help Arun and thus begins the turnaround as Singh begins to mould Arun into a mature, confident young man through meticulously designed lesson plans, peppered with philosophy and "hands on" training. A "born-again" Arun returns to Bombay with a distinguished swagger, brimming with newly discovered self-esteem, ready to take on the world and win over Prabha.'] ["Inspector Zaid Ahmed  is notified on duty that there has been a bomb blast at a mall. After investigation, it is found out that the suicide bomber responsible was Sarah Khan , Zaid's wife. Zaid finds it hard to believe on seeing his wife's dead body, and claims to have dropped her at the train station. Zaid, who is inspected by the ATS , is called off duty temporarily by ATS Chief Raj Mehra , but stands firm to his statement that his wife could not be the terrorist responsible. One day he receives a DVD, by post, at home, which consists of his wife's dying testimonial in which she accepts that she is the responsible terrorist. Not believing what he has seen, Zaid decides to visit Sarah's grandfather Saeed Noor Bux . On meeting him, Saeed reveals a rather shocking story. Sarah's father had been arrested by the Local Police and had been beaten as he was suspected for terrorist activities. During the interrogation he dies. The Police hides his body, claims that he has ran to Pakistan and was found guilty of being a terrorist. When Saeed complains about this incident to higher authorities, Sarah, her brother Imran  and he himself are arrested by the Inspector, and are forced to sign a statement that they don't want to investigate this case. Upon refusal, they make nude videos of Sarah. After Saeed is forced to sign the statement, the inspector  asks Saeed and Imran to go home, takes Sarah to a cell, and rapes her. Due to this incident, Sarah and her brother start meeting a Molvi  , who convinces them to lay down their lives by killing Non-Muslims. While Sarah was first in the league, her brother, who has been missing for a month, might follow her. Zaid, horrified by this tale, tries to find Sarah's brother Imran, and finds him when he is being prepared to blast himself in a few days. As a result of chasing him, he finds out the Molvi behind this, and shares harsh words with him. Later he is kidnapped by the Molvi's men, and is about to be killed, when he fights for his life, escapes and tries to find Imran. He pleads with the ATS not to arrest Imran, and brings him to his senses, convincing him to take off the bomb. It is later shown that the corrupt Inspector is arrested and sentenced. Saeed and Imran win the case with the help of Zaid. Zaid's rank is restored and he resumes duty. He then explains to the senior police officers how they force terrorists to be born just because of not being able to give them justice."] ['After the retirement of his dad , the responsibility is on Bharat  to look after his Delhi-based family. He has two younger college-going brothers, Vijay  and Deepak  and a sister of marriage age, Champa . Although Bharat himself is a college graduate, the only work he can find is as a low-paid singer, much to the frustration of his girlfriend, Sheetal . Meanwhile, Vijay has turned to crime as a last option to provide for the family, but after an argument with Bharat, he leaves home to join the army. Sheetal starts working as a secretary for rich businessman Mohan Babu  and Mohan becomes attracted to her. She too becomes attracted to Mohan Babu but is more interested in his wealth and luxury. She loves Bharat but cannot contemplate a life in poverty. Bharat finally finds a job as a builder but starts to realise that Sheetal is slowly drifting away from his life. Afterwards he loses his job as a builder after the government takes over the building site currently being constructed and his financial problems increase further. When Sheetal\'s boss, Mohan Babu, proposes marriage, she accepts and soon both are engaged leaving Bharat heartbroken. After losing his love, Bharat also loses his father, devastating him and leaving him unable to deal with his life. Frustrated, Bharat burns his diploma on his father\'s funeral pyre. Meanwhile, his sister Champa has found a suitor, but Bharat has no money to pay for the wedding and it cannot go ahead. Still depressed at the state of his life, Bharat soon finds salvation by helping a poor girl, Tulsi , who also lives in poverty but gets by. He also makes friends with Sardar Harnam Singh  who comes to his rescue when he attempts to save Tulsi from a gang of hoodlums. He then receives an offer from a corrupt businessman named Nekiram  who persuades Bharat to do his illegal activities and he and his family will finally come out of poverty and be wealthy. The plot centers on whether Bharat agree to this, or whether his moral nature stop him from turning to crime to provide for his family.Telugu movie "Jeevana Poratam", starring Vijayashanthi, is a remake of this movie.'] ["Mullankolli is a rustic remote village in northern Kerala. Velayudhan  is an orphan who came floating during floods and he was brought up by Valiya Nambiar ([[Madhu  a do-gooder and a feudal landlord of the area. Velayudhan grows up into a riff-raff, drunkard and a local rowdy with a good heart. He hates injustice and has set his own rules for the villagers who are scared of him including local moneylender and politician - Member Kurupu  and Gopinathan Nambiar ([[Siddique , son-in-law of Valiya Nambiar who wants to rule over the village in his own way. When Velayudhan plants a staff, it means that it has his stamp of authority. The only man who he listens to is Valiya Nambiar and to a certain extent Kelappan ([[Innocent  who looked after him as a child. The villagers including Kurupu and Gopinathan regularly bring goondas from outside the village to eliminate Velayudhan but they fail. There are three women in his life - a prostitute Kunnummel Shantha  old flame Janaki and Kelappan's daughter Leela . But things turn bleak for Velayudhan due to the machinations of Gopinathan which leads to the climax."] ['Suryaveer "Surya" Singh  is a bitter man and ex-Army officer, hired by his friend Shekhar Vurma  to protect a little girl, Anamika R. Rathore , who resides in Bangkok, Thailand with her Non-resident Indian  family. He drinks all the time, and is not interested in befriending the girl. Eventually, she wins his heart and he helps her to prepare for a swim meet. One day Anamika gets kidnapped and Surya gets badly injured. Her father is not able to pay the sum in order to release his daughter. So Suryaveer uses all his skills to save the life of the child, only to find out about the conspiracy that is behind the little girl\'s kidnapping. Surya learns that Chang, Shekhar\'s lawyer, is behind some of this. The real mastermind behind this is Chang\'s brother. Surya holds Chang hostage, while Chang\'s brother holds Anamika hostage. When they come to exchange the people, Chang\'s brother reveals a great secret to Surya. Surya learns that Shekhar was all behind this. Surya kills Chang\'s brother\'s men. A great fight between Shekhar and Surya starts. Shekhar is killed, and Surya spends the rest of his life with Anamika and her mother. In the end, Anamika gets a new bodyguard and the film shows her during her swimming practice, with Surya and her new bodyguard 15 years later.'] ["Nehalata  is a young, modern girl who meets with an accident that leaves her with the memory and intelligence of a seven year old. Circumstances lead her into prostitution, and in the brothel she meets Somu . He realizes that she has been tricked into the trade. He rescues her and takes her to his home in Ooty and begins to take care of her. He knows Nehalata as Reshmi, which was the pseudonym given for her at the brothel. Reshmi reciprocates Somu's care as they spend several months together sharing an amazing and innocent relationship that treads the tender line between affection and love. The sub-plot of the film follows the wife of Somu's boss who is attracted to Somu, though Somu doesn't reciprocate her feelings. It depicts how the outside world succumbs to carnal desires which have no place in Somu and Reshmi's relationship. Somu takes Reshmi to the village's medical practitioner who cures her and brings her back to sanity as she regains her memory up to the point of her accident. When Somu comes to meet Reshmi later that day, she is unable to identify or remember him. Despite his efforts to make her understand that he was the one who had taken care of her for several months, she is indifferent to him and leaves Ooty for her hometown, thus abandoning Somu and the life and relationship that she once had with him."] ["Monish Rai comes from a wealthy family, and is in love with Deviyani, who is poor. Monish has to travel abroad to further his education in law, but promises to stay in touch with Deviyani. After his departure, financial problems surround Deviyani and her dad. She approaches Monish's mom for assistance, but is refused. In desperation, her father gets her married to a much older man, who is also alcoholic and frequents courtesans. Deviyani gets pregnant and gives birth to a baby girl, Suparna. Unhappy with her marriage and her circumstances, she runs away. She approaches a nun, Mother Mary, in a monastery and leaves Suparna in her care and disappears forever. When Monish returns he runs into Deviyani, but is told that the person he has seen is a Lucknow based prostitute, Pannabai. Is Deviyani still alive? Who is Pannabai? What happened to Suparna?"] ['Madhav Apte is a common man with strong principles. He has strong values and does not believe in bending any rules for anybody, even when the future of his children is involved. He fights with people around when he sees injustice and corruption, which include his colleagues, his boss, shop keepers, school principal and even his wife. His principles and his behavior is a cause of fights between his wife and him. She is tired of him only preaching of changing the world but not doing anything about it. He is pushed to a corner by everybody who finds his path of righteousness too difficult to handle, and one day he snaps. He goes on a rampage trying to do right, everything that goes against his principles and then starts a mayhem on the streets of Mumbai, ultimately ending in a tragic climax.'] ['Suraj , a simple village bumpkin who sings the songs of Ganga maiyya, comes to Mumbai from Benaras to earn a degree in college. He gets smitten by a light-eyed beauty Pooja . After some dilly-dallying the duo express their love for each other. Suraj has big dreams. He wants to emulate his mentor Naved Ali  a shrewd media baron. Then, one day, in a heroic deed in which apna gaon ka chora saves the life of a fatally wounded man, Suraj impresses Naved Ali. A flattered Naved sends his raunchy colleague Lara  to rope in Suraj to start a new channel. Slowly the callow youth becomes a clever businessman and Lara begins to take Pooja’s place. Pooja tries to convince Suraj of the futility of it all but only in vain. Suraj is determined to carve a place for himself in the higher echelons of the society. Soon he has everything he ever wanted and dreamed of – a swanky bungalow, sleek cars etc. But he has lost his innocence. And one day Suraj realizes the dastardly motives of Naved Ali  and how he has been used as a pawn in his power game. The rest of movie is about how Suraj gets redemption for all pain caused to his loved ones.'] ["The film starts in a coastal city of Goa, a strange noble town called Vasco, named after Alberto Vasco, the richest man who used to live in Vasco in 1958 but has now died. The film then drops to Vasco, Goa, 1980, where there are two gangs who rule. Gang no. 1 called the Bichoos , who are Hindus, while Gang no. 2 is called Eagles, who are Christians. The Bichoo gang's leader is Prakash , while the Eagles are led by Max . They are all enemies, they fight, run, chase, and beat. But they are usually stopped from fights by Father Jacob, or the Town Inspector . One day Prakash's brother Rahul  comes to visit after 2 years, who is a master-chef working in Mumbai. Rahul loves Goa the more he sees of it, and as he tours around Vasco, he meets Shirley , the twin sister of Max and he falls in love with her straightaway. Knowing about Eagles and Bicchhoo rivalry, Rahul keeps his mouth closed. He opens a pastry shop 'Treat House' and settles in Vasco. Meanwhile, he becomes part of the Eagles-Bichchoo rivalry, and gets closer to Shirley. The whole situation is unprecedented in this city, which gets all the more intriguing when Rahul comes across a secret about Max and Shirley's past; a secret that will change their lives forever, and that, which leads to a death. He comes to know that Max and Shirley were actually the illegitimate children of Alberto Vasco, the founder of the town. Rahul wants to reveal this to Shirley in a letter but due to circumstances it falls in the hands of Prakash. Prakash plans to murder Max, to get his father's lands worth Rupees 20 lacs [2 millions]. This leads to fight sequence between both, where Max accidentally shoots Prakash while defending himself. Max is arrested and his trial puts a rift between Shirley and Rahul. Max is about to go to the gallows, but the truth is finally revealed by Rahul and he acknowledges his brother's mistake. The story ends with a happy note while Rahul and Shirley are married, Max too marries his love interest Roseanne ."] ["The story is set in a small village of Himachal Pradesh, where a girl, Binya, trades her bear claw necklace for a pretty, blue, Japanese umbrella. The richest man in the village is the shopkeeper of an old ruined shop. Soon the shopkeeper becomes envious of the umbrella. He will not pay for one from Japan and employs a boy to steal Binya's. In a pasture, Binya finds her umbrella missing. Soon after, the shopkeeper gets a similar umbrella in red. With this, the center of attraction shifts from the girl to the shopkeeper. His celebrity status does not last long as the villagers discover the red umbrella is the stolen umbrella, only it had been dyed. The shopkeeper's name is tarnished and people stop visiting his shop. The story concludes with the girl giving the umbrella to the shopkeeper and dancing down the road, happy."] ["Suraj Kapoor is a single, wealthy young man. One day he meets Shubangi, and they fall in love. Shortly thereafter they marry and settle down to enjoy a harmonious married life. During their stay at a hotel, the couple are approached by a man who claims that Shubangi is his wife and her real name is Madhu. Suraj and Shubangi are shocked and ask him to leave, which he does. Then the guy rings up Suraj one night and asks him to come to his room. When Suraj comes the guy tells him that he's name is Vishwanath. He shows suraj a video of his and Madhu's wedding. Shockingly, Madhu resembles Shubangi to the core. Even after watching the video, Suraj disbelieves him. On Shubangi's birthday while everyone is celebrating the party flashbacks of the time when Vishwanath used to abuse and torture his wife Madhu prove that indeed Shubangi was married to Vishwanath. After showing the flashback, Vishwanath kidnaps Shubangi and tries to see a mark in her body that'll prove that she's indeed Madhu.But Suraj comes just in time and accidentally pushes Vishwanath off a cliff. Suraj then leaves the city and returns back home along with Shubangi. One day Shubangi goes shopping and meets Vishwanath. He brings her father with him, who denies the fact that Shubangi is in fact Madhu. Frustrated Shubangi runs home and tells Suraj that Vishwanath is alive. Suraj leaves with his brother Ravi to tell the commissioner. While Shubangi is home alone she sees Vishwanath out the window,and gets a call from him. Suraj returns and then traces Vishwanath's call.Vishwanath surrenders himself because he wants to talk to Suraj. The police lets Vishwanath go. The following night Suraj overhears Shubangi talking on the phone with Vishwanath. After she's done talking, she admits that she's in fact Madhu. Madhu was fed up of Vishwanath's constant abuses and uphandedness. One day, Vishwanath and Madhu go for a trip. But their jeep meets with an accident and falls down a river. Vishwanath seemingly drowns and Madhu thinks he's dead. She goes to her father and tells him what happened. Madhu's father tells her that she's still young and has a life ahead of her. She should start living her life afresh with a new identity in a new place. That she does. She moves to India and changes her name to Shubangi so that no one can recognize her over there. After Shubangi finishes her story, Suraj tells her that he still loves her even after knowing who she really is. He hatches a plan to send Vishwanath to prison for the rest of his life. Suraj tells Shubangi to go to Vishwanath pretending to be Madhu. She does so and she tries to shoot Vishwanath, however, Vishwanath shoots Shubangi. It is revealed that the cartridges in the gun were actually fake. In the climax, Vishwanath reveals that he knew the cartridges were fake as he was being taken to the court. He overpowers the constables, grabbing one of their guns. Then he goes to Shubangi and tells her that he knew what she did. Saying so, he shoots himself."] ['A rich and wealthy couple, Shankarlal and Parvati  are appalled at the problems of the world, especially in households, so they decide to try to make things right - one household at a time. They first go the household of alcoholic Rajesh ; his domineering mom ; and uneducated wife, Veena . Their second task takes them to the household of Vishwanath Gupta; his son, Madhu  who has taken to drinking; and his attractive, outgoing, and wealthy wife, Aruna . The couple go to work on these families to turn them around and improve and better their relations with each other.'] ["Kajal  falls in love and marries a famous singer named Ravi . They live their newly married life happily for a while, until tragedy strikes: Ravi's greedy uncle Pratap  and cousin Narender , who are determined to lay their hands on Ravi’s wealth. Narender first tries to rape Kajal but fails when he is caught. Pratap then hire hoodlums to murder Ravi, and he is thrown off a cliff. Along with Ravi, Pratap's son, Narender, also dies. Kajal’s mother-in-law  takes Kajal away from the depression of losing her husband to start a new life. In a new city, the widowed and depressed Kajal tries to get over her pain. One day a young man, Raja , accidentally hits Kajal's mother-in-law, meets Kajal and falls in love with her. When he tells Kajal he loves her, Kajal tells him that she is a widow. Raja's father tells a bunch of thugs to get rid of Kajal and Raja severs ties with his father after finding out. He begs Kajal's mother-in-law to have Kajal marry him. As her mother-in-law feels that Kajal should marry again, she persuades her. Raja and Kajal get married but Raja tells her that he will not touch her until she accepts him. He looks for a job and his friends open a garage with him. One day, Raja goes to check out a jeep but has an accident when the brakes fail. Kajal becomes shocked when she hears this and runs to see him. After returning from the hospital, Kajal accepts him and falls in love with him, and the two are finally happy together. Things are well until one day, Raja rescues a man from hoodlums: he treats him in a hospital and befriends the man, whose name is Ravi. When Raja brings Ravi to Kajal, she is shocked to see that her husband's new friend is none other than her first husband, who apparently survived his uncle's attempt to murder him. When the truth is revealed however, Kajal stays with Raja, and Ravi's mother leaves with Ravi. Ravi's uncle figures out that Ravi is alive and has Raja and Kajal kidnapped, saying that he will let them go if Ravi signs the property papers. Raja escapes and he and Ravi beat Pratap, after which they find Kajal, tied up with a bomb strapped around her. Ravi manages to switch off the bomb and take it off her, but Pratap appears and says he will kill Raja and make Kajal a widow again. Ravi protects Raja and he and Pratap fall. Ravi sets the bomb off, causing a large explosion, killing Pratap and him once and for all. Kajal and Raja stay together and live happily ever after, honoring Ravi's memory."] ['Nisha , an accomplished architect is a reclusive after the tragic death of her boyfriend, Shashi Saigal . This is when Karan Saxena  offers her employment with his advertising agency, she accepts. Though only she knows that Karan, newly married with Timsi  resembles Shashi a lot, and she will do anything in her power to get him...'] ['Raj Malhotra  and Priya  meet by chance and fall in love. They marry with Priya\'s father\'s  consent and reside in Switzerland afterward, where they meet an Indian couple: Vikram Bajaj  and Sonia . The couples quickly become friends and decide to go on a Christmas vacation to Mauritius. There, Raj sees Vikram with another woman, looking intimate. Sonia also begins to try to seduce Raj. When Vikram notices Raj looking at Sonia and talks to him about wife swapping, this upsets Raj and a fight breaks out between them. However, a couple of days later, the two couples become friends again. On Vikram\'s birthday, the two men get drunk and find themselves in each other\'s house. The next morning, Sonia is found dead, and Raj is accused of her murder. Raj manages to escape from court, and the Swiss police chase him. He meets Priya, who eventually believes his innocence and aids him in finding proof. When he decides to search Vikram\'s house, Vikram interrupts him midway, tells him that everything was planned by him, and calls the police. Raj escapes in Vikram\'s car with Priya. Raj finds a boarding pass that belongs to Sonia Bajaj, which states that Sonia arrived in Zurich on 29th December--however Sonia was supposedly murdered that night. Raj suspects her to be the girl he saw with Vikram, traveling to Geneva together. In Geneva, Raj meets an insurance officer who is trying to find evidence that Vikram was involved in the death of his wife to get the life insurance payment of 100 million dollars that was on Sonia. Raj gives him the boarding pass, which is enough for them to stall the payment, but it\'s too late. Vikram has already received it and transferred it to his account. Raj hacks into Vikram\'s bank account and sees that Vikram has transferred the money onto a cruise ship so they follow him there. There, they see Vikram dancing with a girl, who is revealed to be Sonia, alive and well. In the climax, Vikram himself explains the whole plan to Raj that the girl he saw in Mauritus was his real wife Sonia Bajaj  and the girl with him that they were introduced to is his girlfriend Neeta . At first, he was only a drummer and Neeta was a dance-girl. She wanted to get rich, so he married a rich woman and approved an insurance of his wife for 100 million dollars. He thought of a plan to kill his wife to get the amount of the insurance. Raj then takes Vikram to a computer to show him his bank account. He tells him that he had guessed his password, "Everything is planned", something that Vikram used to say a lot, and used it to transfer the money back to the insurance company. He also reveals that everything Vikram said had been recorded. A fight erupts between the two and Neeta dies in the conflict. Angered at losing Neeta, Vikram gets aggressive, killing the insurance officer and seemingly killing Raj. He chases Priya to kill her too when Raj, who was only playing dead, saves her, and kills Vikram. Now proved innocent, Raj and Priya move back to India.'] ["Narayan  works as a laborer on a farmland owned by businessman Ratan Kumar, in Ramnagar. Although Narayan was an ex-convict, Ratan had assisted him getting a job, some land, and a small house where he now lives with his grown daughter, Gayetri , who used to work as a teacher. To his complete shock, Narayan finds out that Gayetri is pregnant. Ratan asks Narayan to take some money and relocate, which Narayan gratefully does. Gayetri gives birth to a baby boy, and Narayan takes him to an orphanage donated by Ratan himself, and informs Gayetri that her child was still-born. Gayetri and Narayan eventually return to Ramnagar, and as luck woould have it, Gayetri finds a job as a teacher in th orphanage that her son  lives in. When Ratan's son, Kamal , returns from Singapore, he meets Shyam and likes him, but when he finds out that his school-teacher is Gayetri, he demands that Gayetri be fired as she is not of good character. Who is Shyam's father, why Gayetri remains silent about her child's identity, and what Kamal knows about Gayetri's background are the questions to be discovered later in the film."] ['Dia  is a choreographer who lives in New York with her daughter Radha. One day she receives word that her old dance guru is dying. She returns to her hometown called Shamli with Radha to find that he has already died and left her the responsibility of saving the deserted dance theatre Ajanta, which is to be demolished to make way for a shopping mall. Shamli has changed a great deal since Dia left. Her parents left the town in shame after she eloped with an American photographer and their house is now owned by the strict Mr. Chojar and his wife. Her childhood friend Najma is married to Farooque, a successful businessman. Both of them greet Dia coldly. The only ally she has left is her old friend Doctor Saab. To save Ajanta, Dia goes to petition the local MP Raja Uday Singh. He issues her a challenge; if she can put on a successful performance using only people from Shamli, he will cancel the demolition. That night Dia dances in Ajanta and afterwards calls on the people to help her put on a performance of Laila-Majnu. Jeering at her, they leave the theatre one by one, but Raja remains behind to taunt her. Refusing to accept defeat, Dia goes out into the street the next day to scout for talent. When she returns to the theatre she finds that a group of thugs are burning the set, after being ordered by a local election candidate, Chaudhary Om Singh. Instead of being angry, she is intrigued by the ring-leader, Imram, and makes a deal with Chaudhary that she will help him win the next election if he will support Ajanta and if Imram plays Majnu. He agrees and Imram is forced to take on the role. In the town, the girls find out about this and flock to the theatre for the part of Laila. Among them is Anokhi, a tomboy who is in love with Imram. She begs Dia, who is reluctant because of her rough appearance and lack of talent, but agrees in the end thinking that her love for Imram will make her the ideal Laila. Other parts in the play go to Mr. Chojar, who wants to prove to his wife that he is not boring, Chaudhary who plays Laila’s father and Dia’s former fiancé Mohan, who is able to overcome his bitterness towards her. With one month to put the show together, Dia struggles to get Imram and Anokhi to work together. With Dia’s support, Anokhi changes her attitude and appearance to get Imram to take her seriously and soon their relationship deepens. A few days before the show, Farooque pays Chaudhary to abandon Ajanta and makes Najma spread hurtful stories about Dia. Chaudhary tries to get Imram to give up his part, but Imram is aware of Chaudhary’s political intentions and refuses, leading him to be attacked by Chaudhary’s men while Anokhi tries to protect him. With the whole town against her, Dia loses hope until Najma arrives to apologise and asks to be in the show. On the night of the show, Dia is amazed to find that the entire town has come to Ajanta. The troupe put on a performance that amazes and excites the audience, including Chaudhary who is moved to tears. Farooque is stunned to see his wife playing the part of Laila’s mother and Mrs. Chojar is shocked and thrilled when her husband appears singing and dancing on stage. At the end, the audience cheers loudly as the cast return to the stage for an encore. The night is a success and Ajanta is saved. After Dia says her farewells to Shamli, she and Radha leave to find her parents in another part of India. Imram and Anokhi go on to teach dance classes at Ajanta with Doctor Saab’s help and dance becomes an inherent part of Shamli once again.'] ["The story starts in a jail, where prisoner Muthupandi  is telling his life story to a police officer ([[Vijayakumar . Muthupandi is a self -made, Hard working man, who dotes on his only sister Kavitha . Their mother died when Kavitha was little and it was Muthupandi who brought her up with a lot of love and care. Kavitha’s best friend Lalitha  is getting married; 15 days before her marriage she takes Kavitha to her house. This is the first time Kavitha has been away from her brother. At first she refused because she doesn't want be away from her brother. However, her brother advised her that its only 15 days and he'll be fine; he wont be alone because he has two servants to accompany him. After a lot of persuasion from her brother and her best friend she agrees to the visit. Lalitha's cousin Santhosh , the happy-go-lucky son of multi-millionaires Krishnan  and Janaki ([[Geetha , comes to India with his mother for Lalitha's marriage. Santhosh is the opposite of Kavitha in terms of upbringing and status. The first time they met does not leave a good impression for both. As fate would have it, the two fall in love. Santhosh’s sophisticated mother refuses their relation and cares for socio-economic status over her son's happiness. Santhosh's mother has already agreed to marry her son to her older brother's daughter, Shalini. Santhosh's mother had never broke a promise until then. Shalini gets suspicious about Kavitha and Santhosh. When she sees Santhosh chasing Kavitha, she can tell there is something going on between them. Angrily, she went up to Kavitha's room and sees a beautiful horse and, next to it, a note saying do not touch. However, Shalini breaks it because she was unhappy and she wants Kavitha to be unhappy, too. The horse was a gift to from her brother to Kavitha, when she was little. Kavitha has alwaays looked after it very carefully. It was the most precious thing she had except her brother. When Kavitha finds about the broken horse she cries. She doesn't stop crying even whensLalitha advised her to. Santhosh couldn't bear to see Kavitha unhappy so he glued the horse together, which made Kavitha like him more. On the day of Lalitha's wedding, Janaki sends Santhosh out of the house on the pretense of buying some bangles. As soon as he leaves, she insults Kavitha. Kavitha's brother, who excitedly arrives for the marriage with gifts for Lalitha and her brother, is also insulted. Muthupandi leaves with his sister, not willing to make a fuss at the wedding. Santhosh gets word from his mother that Kavitha has left him and is heartbroken. Lalitha convinces Santhosh that Kavitha has not left him because she left the most precious thing in her life — the horse — in her room for him to take. He travels to Kavitha’s village and asks Muthupandi for his sister’s hand in marriage. Muthupandi, who is offended and angry at his arrival, says that he hates rich people because he believes that his mother's death was caused by his rich father's arrogance and that Santhosh's mother's actions only made things worse. Santhosh begs for a chance saying that he left his parents and his luxurious life behind. Muthupandi still appears disgusted but relents. He challenges Santhosh to live the life of a farmer, taking care of livestock. Thinking Santhosh would leave at once, Muthupandi simply smiles and waits for him to grab his bags. Santhosh accepts the condition of working on his farm, living as a farmer until the next harvest. The hardships that Santhosh faces and how he rises past them take up much of the second half of the film. Not only does Santhosh succeed in the challenges, he also finds a place in Muthupandi's heart. Soon, Santhosh's mother sends goons to take Kavitha away. Together, Santhosh and Muthupandi save her. Santhosh kills the goon in charge, and Muthupandi takes the blame. The story comes back to the jail, where Muthupandi wraps up the story of his past. The officer tells him that Santhosh and Kavitha are probably married with kids. It is revealed that Santhosh and Kavitha were waiting for Muthupandi's release to get married. When he is released he looks for his sister and finds out that Kavitha never got married to Santhosh because Santhosh insisted that their marriage should be when Muthupandi is free. Kavitha and Santhosh's marriage happens. Santhosh's mother also comes to the village and all ends well. In the end, it is hinted that Muthupandi and Valli may have a romantic relationship soon."] ["Two young Punjabi-British men visit their homeland, Punjab: Roop Singh , comes to see his grandfather, Gurdit Singh  and Roop's touristy pal DJ  comes to see how Punjab is like. Roop meets Reet Brar , a university classmate of his cousin Deepi's, and falls for her, and DJ falls for brainy, Kulwant Kaur , another classmate. DJ, trying to videotape locals in the town square, and learn more about his homeland, has to avoid a cranky old woman, Atro, who drives a tractor. Roop agrees to let his aunt be his matchmaker and set up an arranged marriage for himself and Reet, but the modern-thinking Reet wants no part of what she considers outmoded provincialism. Her father  angrily sets up an arranged marriage for her with Jagjot Gill . Reet, however, reconsiders and realizes she loves Roop after all, and Kulwant falls for DJ too. Reet tells Jagjot, that she loves Roop a lot, so to help the lovers Jagjot says hes not ready to get married. After this incident no boy will marry Reet so, Reet's father and her ne'er-do-well brother, Jaile , devise a plan to figure out if he Roop really loves Reet: Her father will give his consent if Roop can find a British bride for Jaile, which will prove that Roop is ready to do anything for Reet. DJ calls in an old girlfriend from UK, party girl, Candy , who flies in to help, they plan a scheme which will scare Jaile away. Candy acts like a traditional, Punjabi girl, and wins Jaile's heart, so they fix, Roop and Reet's and Jaile and Candy's engagement for the same day. Candy tells Kulwant that DJ was in many relationships with many different girls, since she still loves DJ, after hearing that Kulwant is heart-broken, and leaves DJ. Then the day before the engagement Candy reveals how modern girls really are, by bringing him to a pub. On the engagement day Jaile runs away, Candy tells DJ, that if he doesn't sit in Jaile's spot, she will reveal the truth, so to help out his friend, DJ and Candy get engaged and so do Roop and Reet.  At Overseeing all the rom-com complications is Khoji (comedian Rana Ranbir, who wrote the film's dialog, with story supplied by the film's director-cinematographer, [[Manmohan Singh , the house manager for the well-to-do grandfather's estate and staff."] ['By The People is the Sequel of 4 The People. The movie starts with the climax of 4 the People.Then it says that during the arrest Vivek  dies.Then it says two years later a group of four students join up to fight corruption in education. They are angered with the suicide of a girl student who does not get a loan for studies. The police department brings Rajan Mathew  who back from the administrative job that he had been shifted to for killing a student in a previous encounter. Rajan’s investigation leads to a powerful kingmaker who controls the media and political parties. Rajan tapes the conversation. His wife is murdered and he is crippled by the attack. He is now posted as incharge of jails. The gang that opposed corruption now lead an attack on the kingmaker who lays out a trap in which they get killed. Now Rajan employs a few members of the 4 the people, who are currently in jail, and uses his brains to annihilate the members of the caucus. An investigating officer  is close on the trail of the student gang and Rajan, but finally gives up without getting any clue.'] ["When their mother dies, a brother and sister are left orphaned. Having sold all their possessions to settle debts they also become homeless and destitute. They set out to find a better life, away from their painful memories. Taking shelter in a remote temple, they encounter an ascetic holy man who allows them to stay there. With the spiritual help of the ascetic and the monetary assistance of an unhappy dancer, the boy's indomitable spirit and indefatigable energy enable the pair to overcome a series of setbacks including the loss of the girl's sight and the sickness of her fiancé. Such is the example set by the boy that both the dancer and the ascetic feel their lives have been enriched by knowing him."] ["Ishqiya starts with Krishna Verma  trying to convince her husband, Vidyadhar Verma , a local gang-lord, that he should surrender. He agrees but is soon killed in a gas explosion. Two criminals Iftikhar aka Khalujan  and Razzak Hussain aka Babban  botch up a job and escape from the clutches of their boss Mushtaq , who wants to bury them alive. They land up in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh to seek refuge in the house of Vidyadhar Verma. Instead they meet his widow Krishna, who gives them shelter and tries to seduce them to achieve her own secret goal. She proposes the kidnapping of Kamalkant Kakkar aka KK ([[Rajesh Sharma , a small businessman. The duo reluctantly agree, since they want to escape the clutches of Mushtaq. Khalujan and Babban meantime realize that they are falling for Krishna, but they do not reveal their feelings to each other. Khalujan decides to tell his feelings to Krishna but is shocked when he sees Krishna and Babban having sex. Khalujan is angry but keeps quiet. However, when the kidnapping does not go as smoothly as wanted, Khalujan and Babban start fighting. Meanwhile, Krishna tortures KK and asks him where her husband is hiding, revealing that Verma might be alive. KK finally calls Verma. Babban and Khalujan realize that Krishna was just using them. They confront her, whereupon she reveals that KK and Verma were partners in the illegal business and that Verma is still alive. The duo reach KK's factory and are shocked to find Verma. Verma's goons blindfold the duo and take them to a deserted spot. When they take out their blindfolds, Babban sees Nandu , a boy he had previously met, pointing a gun at them. Nandu leaves them alive and explains the whole story. He tells that Verma had no plans to leave his criminal life, so he faked his death in front of Krishna, so that she would think he is dead. Khalujan and Babban race back to Krishna's house, where they have left her tied to a chair. Meanwhile, Krishna succeeds in opening the tube of gas cylinder, causing a leak. Verma confronts her and she tries to kill them by igniting a lighter. Verma assaults Krishna while the duo arrives. Soon, police arrive at the scene, too. Verma's goons are killed in a shootout, while Verma is killed in a gas explosion. The duo save Krishna and soon the trio is seen walking away from the burning house. Unknown to them, Mushtaq is pointing a gun at them. Suddenly Mushtaq's wife calls. The trio are still seen through the gun hole of Mushtaq, making their fate unclear, although it can be assumed that Mushtaq left them alive."] ["The film opens at a Rotary Club function to honor the recently retired Justice Jyotin Chatterjee. The judge has served the profession all his life with honor and spotless integrity. As he is about to retire, he recognizes there will now be a void in his life. His wife remarks to reporters that neither he nor she knows what he would do after he retires. Retired life is not easy for the aging judge. The younger generation is bolder and quicker than he was in his time. He is invited as the guest of honor at many functions. But he finds that his stump speech about the venerable and time-tested legal profession falls flat. The youngsters wish to know when the law will relax its grip on their issues . The judge admits that love makes the world go round and urges the youngsters to enjoy their youth but to do so responsibly. The judge also agrees  to a suggestion from his family and visits Joggers Park to get some exercise. He finds that the Park moves at the pace of its younger regulars, much too quickly for him. He wonders if he will ever catch up. Around this time he meets Jenny Suratwala at Joggers Park. Jenny is a young and vivacious freelance model and event planner. One of his speeches had made an impression on her young mind, and she wishes to learn more about him. They become friends. As their friendship deepens, they discover a new world in each other. Jenny learns from the judge's vast experiences, and the judge uses her perspectives to enter and appreciate the younger generation. Jenny brings an element of need. She is faced with a legal problem around the ownership of her late father's apartment, and the judge helps her fight and win her case. The friendship deepens. The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her. She, too, pines for him when they are apart. Around this time, some of Jenny's younger male colleagues are perturbed by this relationship. It thwarts them from pursuing Jenny, and it is not socially acceptable because of the conspicuous age difference. They resolve to find a way to end it, and settle on stalking the couple and taking pictures of their intimate moments.  On one occasion, Jenny discovers them taking pictures, and she angrily berates them and destroys some of the pictures. Jenny finally admits she is in love with the judge. Meanwhile, the judge is faced with a family problem of his own. His son has been caught having an affair. His daughter exposes the incident and asks the judge, the vanguard of honor, to deliver judgement. The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family. The family honor comes first. Jenny has an upcoming birthday. One of her friends is planning the party. She invites the judge to attend the party and openly profess his love for her. If he truly meant his speeches, then he must act accordingly and express his feelings without fear or remorse. On the day of the party, a strange man shows up at the judge's house. He is Tariq Ahmed, the editor and publisher of a local tabloid. Jenny's jealous colleagues brought the photos to his tabloid, and Tariq intercepted them just in time to avoid publication. It turns out that Tariq owes a debt of gratitude to the judge for having helped him with a difficult case several years ago. He turns the photos over to the judge's daughter. The daughter confronts the judge. This incident also involves the family honor. The judge is compelled to end his relationship with Jenny. Several years later, the judge runs into Jenny at the airport. Jenny is now married and has a child. They greet each other warmly and Jenny introduces him  to her husband. They fondly remember their previous association as the film ends."] ["The story begins with unemployed Manu , from Bhagalpur in search of money to finance his new business as he has lost his earlier job at a jute mill. On his quest, he visits Neeru  in Calcutta, to whom he was engaged six years ago. During the rainy evening, the couple reminisce about their former love and how each ended up in their current situation. Neeru pretends to lead a happy and prosperous life. She gestures to her former lover during various instances, particularly when the door bell rings and she persuades Manu not to open the door. They go on talking about their past and present with multiple flashbacks. The raincoat comes to play when Neeru wears it to go out and fetch some food. The landlord  speaks of the real situation of the household, and prompts Manu to give his borrowed money as rent for the house. Manu leaves a letter under the bed sheet explaining things. When Neeru returns he does not say anything about his encounter with her landlord. After some time Manu leaves. Later, when he puts his hand inside the pocket of his raincoat, he finds a pair of gold bangles that belonged to Neeru, along with a letter saying that she had a lot of money and he should have told her about his financial situation. She had actually read a letter that was inside the raincoat that informed her about Manu's condition."] ['Devanarayanan  is a Brahmin priest, who has to look after the entire family. He is in love with Shobana but her father Innocent is against their relationship. M.G Soman falsely accuses Mohanlal, the theft of "Temple thiruvabharana" and forces him to leave his village in Kerala. He reaches Bombay where he gets shelter from Balan.K.Nair and family, who runs a tea shop. Monisha is the daughter of Balan.K.Nair. Some turn of events draws Mohanlal into the underworld and he becomes the trusted aide of the ageing don Kareem . Ramya Krishnan working for the same gang gets closer to Mohanlal. Jhonny, from the same gang join hands together with rival don  and Kareem\'s son and daughter-in-law, Monisha are killed leaving Kareem in a path towards religion and leaving all under world business. Now Sharat Saxena plans to leave Bombay, but Mohanlal gets him arrested. The climax shows whether Sharat Saxena and Jhonny takes revenge on Mohanlal, whether lal clears his name from false accusation of "Temple thiruvabharana", whether Ramya Krishnan and Mohanlal unites ?'] ["Vishal Agnihotri , a convict, is imprisoned for the murder of a group of four criminals who had brutally raped and killed his sister in law. Vishal tries to get justice in court but is unsuccessful and the men are let out free with the help of a corrupt lawyer. They then visit Vishal's home for trying to file a case on them, and try to rape Vishal's wife Priya , but she kills herself with a knife. Angered at all this Vishal decides to take the matter into his own hands and murders the four criminals himself. He is sentenced to life in prison for the crimes. Journalist Roma Singh  visits the jail for a report she's writing, where a few of the convicts grab hold of her and try to rape her. This incident reminds Vishal his misfortune. Vishal intervenes and saves Roma. Roma hears Vishal's story and decides to help free him. Her voice is heard out by a blind businessman - Mr Jindal who tries to recruit Vishal as a hitman. He wants Vishal to kill some anti-social elements in the city, mainly the two powerful drug lords Jibran  and Tyson  and all the people who work for them. He tells Vishal, that these people are responsible for creating people like the group of four men he killed in the first place, by bringing drugs to the streets and corrupting the locals. Vishal refuses at first as he has just got out of prison, and now wants to live a normal life. However, the memories of his murdered family comes back to haunt him as he spends a day alone in his home, and he agrees to work for Jindal the next day. Police Inspector Amar Saxena  is unhappy about the release of Vishal who he believes deserves to be in prison because of the murders he committed. Things complicate even more when Amar finds Vishal around almost every murder scene of criminals involved drug-trading, who Amar is trying to catch alive. Vishal goes on a murder spree, until he realizes that even the Commissioner  thinks that the unknown murderer is doing more help to the society than police could ever do. Vishal refuses to kill the Commissioner, but Jindal becomes angry. Vishal attacks Jindal with a paper-weight, but Jindal dodges it. Vishal then realizes that Jindal is not blind. Jindal tells Vishal that Jibran & Tyson were his rivals. He also tells that he murdered his wife Pooja  & Inspector Karan Saxena , to cover up the truth. He pretended to be blind to throw the police off his trail. Jindal, who has now partnered with Jibran, leaves Vishal to die. Vishal succeeds in saving himself, only to be confronted by Amar. Vishal subdues Amar & tells him the truth. Meanwhile, Jindal has kidnapped Roma in order to forcefully marry her. Amar & Vishal find out Jindal's den & corner him. After a melee, Jibran is killed. Jindal tries to kill Amar, but Vishal takes the bullet on himself. Vishal dies in Amar's lap, upon which Amar kills Jindal and avenges the death of Vishal & his father."] ["Singer Suraj  is stranded in a resthouse during a rainstorm. While there he experiences the feeling he has been there before. He feels himself transported to another lifetime, and is drawn to a woman named Ratna . He is unable to forget the experience and, investigating further, discovers that in his past life he was a Chief Singer in the emperor's court - his name was Prakash, he was in love with a courtesan named Ratna, much to the chargin and anger of his family and the emperor, and they were tragically separated. He subsequently comes across a portrait of Ratna, and shortly meets a gypsy, Jhumri  who looks exactly like Ratna. Soon Jhumri is also able to remember her past life and her love for Prakash to the chagrin of Rita Malhotra  who loves Suraj, and Appa , the son of the leader of the gypsies , who will stop at nothing to make Jhumri his wife. Appa steals the portrait, and sets the gypsies against Suraj, so that he can marry Jhumri, and perhaps separate the two lovers again."] ["Amateur boxer Ajay Mehra  returns from Bangalore, only to find that his brother, Ashok Mehra , is missing. His inquiries and a police complaint only lead him to frustration and violent outbursts. And then Ashok's body is found, and Ajay is charged with killing him, as well as having an illicit relationship with his sister-in-law, Indu Verma . While in jail Ajay makes friends with some other hardcore convicts, who are  good at heart. Then one day they escape the jail by overpowering the guards. Then begins Ajay’s fight for justice, which ends with the killing of the main villain Balvant Rai ."] ["Arun ([[Sachin , the son of a Barrister, and self-proclaimed prince of the male students finds his pride and huge ego crushed when he stands second in the Terminal Examination. He lost to Lily Fernandes, the simple and modest daughter of an ordinary nurse in a private nursing home. Arun takes this as a defeat, who then decides to nurse a personal vendetta to try to and crush Lily's growing popularity in school. Lily, however, tolerates him and his friends' remarks and sarcasm as she bears no grudge against him. As time goes on, they gradually discover the basic qualities of their opponents, one becoming the admirer of the other. They visit beautiful places together on weekends to get to know each other better. Lily's mother was is first person to notice the love blossoming between her daughter and Arun. She is worried, because even though Arun was madly in love with her daughter, social status had to be considered. Despite this, Arun's father approves and presentes a proposal to Lily's mother to allow their children to marry. When everything is set up, Lily falls ill and is discovered to have leukemia. Everyone tries to save the girl, and Lily and Arun acted as if nothing was wrong. Everything seems fine for a while, but Lily's condition grew worse. She breathed her last in Arun's arms as she made him promise to rise in life so she would be at peace."] ["The film begins with Mr. A  sky-diving and landing on a train that is carrying the British Queen. He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen and escapes. Newly-promoted officer Ali  and Jai Dixit  are introduced to Shonali Bose , a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai. After the initial investigation, Dixit analyzes the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis, a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow. However, Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect. He immediately flees to the other museum when a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. In a televised challenge to the police, Mr. A announces that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Dixit, Bose and Khan enforce a strict vigil at the location housing the sword. At night, Mr. A meets his impersonator in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword and escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri , a woman who idolizes Mr. A, and after this they form an alliance. In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Dixit's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. Meanwhile, the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance. He unveils his real identity, Aryan, to her. However, Mr. A discovers that Sunehri is a spy working for Jai after seeing them together at a theatre and then a parade. Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him, but Aryan forces her. However, after six attempted shots from the gun, neither is injured because Aryan had not inserted a bullet into the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and that she loves him. Elsewhere in Rio de Janeiro, Ali develops strong affections towards Monali , Shonali's twin sister. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Sunehri is caught by Ali. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free. After six months, it is revealed that Aryan is still alive and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other, but warns them against returning to their life of crime."] ["Tansen is known to be the greatest classical vocalist ever to have existed in India, and was one of the nine jewels  of Emperor Akbar’s court. Nobody could sing in the city unless he or she could sing better than Tansen. If this was not the case, he or she was executed. Baiju Bawra is the story of an unknown singer, Baiju, who is on a mission to defeat Tansen in a musical duel to avenge the death of his father. When Baiju is still a child, Tansen's sentry tries to stop Baiju’s father from singing, and in the ensuing scuffle, his father dies. Before dying, he extracts a promise from his son to take revenge against Tansen. Baiju gets shelter from a village priest and while growing up, falls in love with Gauri, the daughter of a boatman. He continues his musical education on his own, but gets so enamoured by Gauri's love that he forgets the promise made to his father to exact revenge against Tansen. Later, a group of dacoits raid Baiju's village. With his song, Baiju persuades them against looting the village, but the female leader of the dacoits falls in love with him and asks him to follow them to their fort as a condition for their sparing the village. Baiju leaves with her, leaving the crying Gauri behind. In the fort, the dacoit leader, who is actually a princess living in exile, tells Baiju how her father’s serfdom had been usurped by someone and she was seeking revenge because the village too previously belonged to her father. The word “revenge” brings all of Baiju's memories back; he leaves the fort greatly agitated, and the princess does not try to stop him. Baiju sneaks into the Mughal palace, where Tansen is singing. He is dumbstruck by the way Tansen sings, and somehow, the sword that was supposed to cut the maestro’s throat fell on the vina, saddening Tansen. He said he could only be killed by music, and the pain that accompanies it. “Dip your notes in melancholy and I’ll die on my own,” he said. Baiju accordingly leaves the palace to learn “real” music. Baiju remembers that when his father was killed, he was taking Baiju to Swami Haridas. He goes to see the Swami himself and asks for his guidance, informing him of his plan to take revenge against Tansen. Haridas tells Baiju that one must be in love to be a true musician, and thus Baiju must rid himself of all the hatred in his heart, but still gives him a vina and accepts him as his disciple. Baiju again starts his musical training, spending all his time in a Shiva temple, but his vengeful feelings never leave him. Nonetheless, he still reveres his guru, Haridas. After learning that his teacher had fallen seriously ill and was unable to walk, Baiju sings a song that so thrills Haridas that the master gets out of his bed and starts to walk. Gauri, meanwhile, is so distraught over Baiju's departure that she is about to swallow poison. At that point, the princess who had taken Baiju from the village comes to her and tells her that she knows of Baiju's whereabouts. Gauri meets Baiju and tries to convince him to return to the village so they can be married; Baiju, however, refuses, as he feels he must take revenge against Tansen. At this point, Haridas arrives, and Baiju goes to receive him, once again leaving a crying Gauri behind. Haridas tells Baiju that in order to be a true singer, he has to feel real pain. Hearing this, Gauri decides to make a venomous snake bite her, thinking that her death would bring enough grief to Baiju that he would defeat Tansen. Baiju sees Gauri's lifeless body and goes mad, with the princess' attempts to get through to him being futile. Baiju instead goes to the Shiva temple and sings a heart-wrenching song condemning the God who had consigned him to his fate; the idol of Lord Shiva even begins to cry at Baiju's grief. In his delirious state, Baiju reaches Tansen's city, singing the whole way. The residents fear for his life and call him bawra , hence the title of the movie. Baiju is caught and imprisoned, but the princess raids the prison and releases him. However, both of them are caught by Mughal soldiers when they are escaping, leaving a musical duel with Tansen as the only way to save his life. Emperor Akbar himself witnesses the competition. For a long time, both the singers proved to be equally good. Then Akbar suggests that whoever could melt a marble slab with his singing would win the duel. Baiju manages to do so and wins the competition, saving his own life and finally avenging his father's death. Tansen accepts his defeat graciously, and is in fact happy that there is someone better than him. Gauri’s father was deeply upset when he couldn’t locate Baiju. The entire village was by now making fun of Gauri’s and Baiju’s love affair. Her father warned either Baiju be found, or Gauri should marry a village money-lender and in case she refused, he would commit suicide. Gauri couldn’t divulge Baiju’s whereabouts because she didn’t want him to know that she was alive. So she agreed to marry the money-lender. Baiju came to meet her while she was getting married, but he was on the other side of Yamuna River and the river was in flood. The boatman refused him to take him to the other side. Despite not knowing how to swim, Baiju pushed the boat into the raging waters and started towing it. He started singing a scale and Gauri heard it. She started running towards the bank and everybody ran behind her. When she saw Baiju struggling with the boat, since she knew how to swim, being a boatman’s daughter, she jumped into the water to rescue Baiju. The boat toppled over and after a lot of struggle Gauri reached him. He urged her to go back and leave him because she knew how to swim and he didn’t. Gauri replied that they had promised to be together in life and in death, and she would be content with dying with him. They both drowned."] ['Seeta and Geeta  are twin girls who were separated at birth. Geeta, a feisty girl is raised in a poor neighborhood and is a street performer, while Seeta is raised by her cruel aunt Chachi ([[Manorama  and meek uncle. Chachi treats Seeta like a servant, despite the fact that the family is living off her late parents\' money. Seeta\'s only consolation is her old grandmother. One day, Seeta decided life is not worth living and runs away to commit suicide. She is saved but is mistaken for her identical twin Geeta and is taken to Geeta\'s home. Meanwhile, Seeta\'s aunt and uncle are frantically searching for her and find Geeta. They attempt to force Geeta to go with them but, using some of her clever tricks, she escapes them and the police who have been searching for her. She then meets Ravi  and, though he also mistakes her for Seeta, she goes home with him. Ravi is surprised by this "Seeta" and the Seeta he had met previously. Geeta realizes the cruelty that Seeta has been living under and vows to teach her aunt a lesson. Meanwhile, the real Seeta is living in Geeta\'s house. Her surrogate mother has attributed her new docile attitude to shock. Here, Seeta meets Raka , Geeta\'s friend and fellow performer. Raka is also surprised by "Geeta\'s" sudden gentle nature and desire to do housework. When he tried to coax her into performing, she is unable to do so. Ravi meanwhile falls in love with Geeta. At home, Geeta begins to set everything on a proper course. She resumes control of the money and restores her grandmother to the head of the household, where she belongs. Raka begins to fall in love with Seeta. Trouble begins brewing when Chachi\'s brother Ranjeet comes to visit and sees the real Seeta in a marketplace. He follows her and discovers the truth, which leads to a showdown in the villains\' den with happy endings and marriage.'] ["Hero  works for a courier company owned by Khanna . He is spirited and humorous and is in love with Rani , but she simply thinks of Hero as a good friend. Enter Inspector Vishal ([[Arbaaz Khan , who works in the narcotics department. Vishal suspects Khanna to be involved in a drug ring and confronts him. Hero stands up to Vishal and defends his boss, but soon learns the truth behind Khanna. In a confrontation, Khanna kills Hero and shoots Vishal in the heart. The police department decides to transplant Hero’s heart into Vishal’s body. Hero now appears as a ghost and can only be seen by Vishal, since his heart is in Vishal’s body. Hero says that he will only rest in peace after Khanna is killed, thus avenging him. Vishal decides to go about doing this, and he and Rani and Vishal begin to fall in love with each other. Hero dislikes this and tries to foil Vishal's plans of getting close to Rani. But Hero and Vishal start getting closer and work together, becoming good friends after Vishal confronts Khanna's drug company. Khanna arranges to leave the country, but kidnaps Rani. Vishal and Hero go to save Rani and fight off Khanna's henchmen, but Vishal gets injured. Hero then goes inside him and controls his fighting moves, helping him to beat the thugs. Rani witnesses this and realizes that only Hero would do those kinds of moves. She calls out Hero's name, though Vishal does not know that Hero is inside him. Rani then calls out to warn Vishal that a plane is moving towards him. Vishal and Hero stop the plane, which Kanna is in, and then confront him. As they are talking, Vishal becomes distracted, speaking to Hero, and Khanna takes the opputunity to shoot Vishal. Hero takes Vishal's hand and shoots Khanna with the gun. Khanna finally dies, and as Rani is comforting Vishal, he tells her that Hero is with them and he loves Rani. Rani then tells Vishal to tell Hero that she loves Vishal. Khanna's ghost rises from his dead body and Hero hits him. Khanna is taken to Hell and Hero is taken to Heaven. Afterwards, Rani and Vishal have gotten married and are spending their wedding night and honeymoon in a house on the water. It is shown that Hero, now an angel, is happily watching over them from Heaven."] ['The film opens with the introduction of the central characters. Dr. Satyajit Chavan is the chief of medicine at a government hospital in Mumbai. In the opening sequence, he is informs a patient  that the patient is certain to die very soon. He proceeds to ask  the patient\'s relatives to remove the patient from the hospital immediately so as to save money and free up bed space. Satyajit is well regarded and respected, but has terrible bedside manners and is generally rude to everyone. His staff of doctors, most of whom are young interns fresh out of medical school, inquire about his bedside manner. He curtly informs them that his job is to treat patients, and that beds must be allocated to the ones who are most likely to survive and get better. We discover that government hospitals  are severely limited in bed space and attract the worst stricken patients in the city. These draconian conditions have shaped Satyajit and his views on treatment. Sarbajeet "Saby" Singh and Kashmira Singh are a young Punjabi couple; they are about to marry. In a departure from the arranged marriages, they have chosen each other independently. They invite their parents to a joint dinner and inform them of their choice. The parents are cheerful to oblige, and gladly arrange the wedding ceremony. Once married, however, Saby and Kashmira discover their varying interests and aspirations. The main conflict is around cricket: Saby is a great fan of cricket and Kashmira does not care very much for the sport. Saby watches every India match with unfailing religious zeal. Kashmira however is left alone and unattended, and gradually feels abandoned and unloved. Hemendra "Hemu" Patel is a janitor working at London airport. He represents the journey of a poor immigrant. His main goal is to secure British citizenship so that he can return to India with great ceremony . He deals with the cultural differences of his UK-inclined teenage daughter. His wife Priya is affectionate and supportive, and though she does not share his obsequious quest for British citizenship, she generally encourages him to achieve his goals. David Abraham, affectionately called "Chinaman" by fans, is a celebrated Indian cricketer. He has retired from active international cricket, but is frequently invited to games , functions and sporting events as the guest of honor. The film presents various crises in these peoples\' lives. The theme that underlies these people and their crises is cricket. David Abraham injures himself while at a celebrity cricket match, and is admitted to the government hospital.  Satyajit is the attending physician. There is an inevitable conflict of personalities. David is happy and cheerful about life, even when he knows he may die. The hospital doctors and staff, invariably cricket fans, warm to him, and reinforces his love of the game. Satyajit remains grumpy and aloof, and is simply unable to understand why a game means so much to a man who is about to die. A pointed conflict arises when David requests a television set be installed in his room so he can watch the upcoming world cup finals. Satyajit refuses. David cheerfully informs him that he will get his TV set and that he will bring Satyajit to smile before David\'s time is up. David has an upcoming kidney transplant operation. He pleads with Satyajit to have the operation after the finals, but Satyajit rudely refuses, saying he may die if it is delayed further. David secures a small AM radio so he can follow the tournament, but Satyajit eventually discovers and confiscates it. David, however, is undeterred in his love of life and of cricket, and Satyajit grows angrier still. Hemu attends his first citizenship interview. The interviewing officer turns out to be a narrow-minded racist who berates Hemu  and urges him to return to India. Some time after, the officer and Hemu find themselves at a sports bar. Hemu cheers boisterously when England loses a wicket . The officer notices this and subsequently denies Hemu\'s initial application. Hemu pleads desperately with the officer, but the officer stands firm. Hemu is devastated. Hemu is hurt further when he discovers his teenage daughter getting cozy with an African student named Silver. He becomes violent and confrontational, and eventually alienates his daughter. His wife Priya remains loyal to him, but now strongly disapproves of his behavior. Saby and Kashmira continue having trouble with their marriage because of Saby\'s obsession with cricket. On the advice of a girlfriend, Kashmira takes to watching cricket with Saby but with her attentions on the handsome cricketers. She inadvertently blurts out their names while intimate with Saby. Saby becomes furious and begins to lose his interest in the game. Removed from his passion, Saby deteriorates and alienates himself from Kashmira. He visits his parents and discusses his intentions to split from Kashmira. The crises are resolved within the frame of cricket. The resolution of three crises forms the "hat trick". David confronts Satyajit and asks why Satyajit is so detached from life even when Satyajit has a successful career and a happy family. Satyajit is forced to examine himself. He discovers how he chose to stay in India in spite of the opportunities to venture abroad. He was never happy with this choice, and thus took to being harsh and rude with everyone. He discovers that people love David because David is full of joy, and people simply do not wish to deal with his  rudeness. He decides to change, and tries to find happiness in the smaller things in life. He is not able to postpone David\'s surgery, but makes up by screening the world cup finals on a large screen for David. Priya confronts Hemu. She points out how Hemu disparages the racial attitudes of the British, but is himself similarly disposed towards Silver. She indicates that he is willing to don the Union Jack merely to obtain citizenship, and asks how he expects others to be happy for him when he is unhappy and confused about himself. Hemu examines himself and decides to change for the better. He is informed that his application for citizenship has been approved, and returns home to a warm reception with his family, friends and the original interviewing officer in attendance. He decides to welcome Silver to event as well. Saby\'s parents confront him. They point out that he has ignored Kashmira in his zealous enthusiasm for cricket. How will she be able to love him when he is not able to understand her needs? He finally understands this, and returns to Kashmira with a renewed zest for making her happy. They are reunited. The film ends with the principal characters returning to their lives with happiness.'] ["The film revolves around the story of three men, Naren Ahuja , who works in bank as a manager and is currently seeking divorce from his wife, Madhvi , Abhay Suri  is a playboy and works as a gym trainer, and Milind Kelkar  works in a matrimonial company and is in search for true love. Naren leaves his house and starts living in his parents' house. Abhay and Milind are thrown out of their rented apartments and both land up as paying guests for Naren. Hence, the three of them start living together. Naren has a crush on June Pinto , who works as an intern in his bank, Milind starts loving a radio jockey, Gungun Sarkar , and Abhay falls for Anushka Narang , an ex-Ms. India, who married a multi-millionaire and has interests in young men. Naren and June start enjoying each other's company. Milind tries to impress Gungun, which annoys her, but she instead uses Milind for her own reasons. Abhay gets full attention from Anushka and they start having an affair. The three love stories blossom until Nikki Narang , the stepdaughter of Anushka, enters the story. Abhay falls for Nikki and starts ignoring Anushka. He breaks up with Anushka and starts going out with Nikki. June's grandma invites Naren for dinner, and Gungun eventually falls in love with Milind. The next day, everything changes. Milind gets upset after getting a letter from Gungun that she's going to Chennai for a movie, Nikki breaks up with Abhay, and June's grandma invites Naren to get his opinion on June marrying Chris, her boyfriend. At the airport, the three friends decide to go to Goa for a change and vow never to fall for girls anymore. However, once in Goa, they find three new girls....."] ["Gopalakrishna Pillai  is a money-lender in a village called Elavattom in Pathanamthitta district. People misunderstand him to be money-minded, without having any emotional bond even towards his mother or younger brother Ramakrishna Pillai . As the story moves along, we learn more about the hero. He is considered heartless, as he threw out his father ([[Saikumar  when he was a teenager, for his father's wayward lifestyle. His mother  hates him for doing that and his brother hates him because he does not let his brother pursue his dream of being an actor and never gives him any freedom. His main antagonists are Siddique and his younger brothers. Kavya Madhavan assumes the role of Jayalakshmi, a bank manager who is seen as a threat to Gopalakrishna's money lending business. It turns out that Ramakrishna Pillai is in love with a girl  from Gopalakrishna Pillai's rival family. Though Gopalakrishnan Pillai arranges the marriage forgetting the rivalry, after marriage he asks his brother to repay him the expenses he incurred for the marriage and prompts the newlyweds to sleep separately. With this he becomes the most hated person of his brother and mother. Frustrated, Ramakrishna Pillai leaves the house and joins his in-laws against Gopalakrishna Pillai by saying that his money-lending business is illegal. Still that doesn't work. Ramakrishna Pillai accuses his brother of processioning the family wealth alone and he gives false information to the Income Tax Department files a suite against him in court. In the climax it is revealed by Gopalakrishna Pillai's advocate  that Gopalakrishna Pillai has kept his hard-earned wealth in the name of his younger brother and he was always hard on him just to make him responsible. It also is revealed that his father was not thrown out, but committed suicide in a distant place due to his debts. The story ends happily as the brothers reunite and everyone apologizes to Gopalakrishna Pillai."] ["The story revolves around Maya , a college student, who always wants to triumphs in all her endeavors. She comes across a middle class youth, Cheenu , a happy-go-lucky-youngster, who strives to work hard to get his sisters married well. A few encounters  results in wordy duels between them leading to Maya challenging Cheenu that she will make him fall in love with her. Her further course of action to achieve her challenge leaves Cheenu frustrated and he decides to take revenge on her by pretending to fall in love with her. Maya who starts to spend more time with Cheenu comes to know of his kind heart and his good nature and eventually develops an honest love towards him. She even helps him in setting his own business house. Slowly Cheenu too comes to know of Maya's nobleness and generosity land falls in love with her. Trouble comes in the form of her brothers who threaten Cheenu of dire consequences. Cheenu resolves to earn more and become rich and then hold the hands of Maya. But Maya has plans otherwise. Does the couple end up getting married forms the rest of the story."] ["Nandakumar ([[Saikumar , a business tycoon in some city in North India, faces a sudden back stab when his partner Abey Mathew decides to join hands with an Australian group, which might bring huge financial loss to Nandan. He calls up Jagannadhan , alias Jagan, his close buddy asking him to intervene and convince Abey. Jagan lands up at the office of Abey and makes him withdraw from the deal with the Australian company, there by bringing a massive profit to Nandan. In return, Nandan offers half of his wealth to Jagan, which he humbly disavows. Jagan demands Nandan a favor. He wants Nandan to purchase an old palace at Kanimangalam, a remote village in Kerala, which Nandan agrees. Jagan also expresses his desire that the palace should be bought in the name of Nandan, and Jagan should be there as a binami of him. Jagannadhan reaches down at Kanimangalam for the registration of the palace and the property surrounding it. Meanwhile, Kulappully Appan Thamburan , a feudal landlord with vested interests, opposes the purchase of the land by inciting problems. Appan's sister was married to Dathan Varma of Kanimangalam palace, who deserted her one day. The extreme hatred towards Kanimangalam had made Appan to even stop the annual temple festival, which according to the villagers has resulted in the anger of Goddess Kali, the local deity. Now, with the arrival of Jagannathan, Appan is back again by creating troubles. But Jagannathan successfully overcomes it and gets the palace registered. Presently the palace is occupied by Krishna Varma , an old musician, and Unnimaya , his foster daughter. Unnimaya is believed to be the daughter of Dathan Varma, but is disowned by the rest of his family members. Though, now in the hands of Jagan, he allows Varma and Unnimaya to stay in the palace. Though, initially, both Varma and Unnimaya felt uncomfortable in staying with Jagan, slowly, they develop an affection towards him. Within a short time, Jagan gets involved in the problems of the villagers and they started considering him to the heir of the palace and their leader. Jagannathan invites the ire of Appan Thamburan, with whom he clashes over the demolition of the palace, which he had earlier promised during the registration. Jagan, when expresses his desire to stay at Kanimangalam, Appan sends his henchmen, who had to humiliatingly return from Jagan. Now, the villagers decide to hold up the annual festival at the temple, after a long gap of 16 years. Jagannathan takes up the leadership and with the support of villagers, he starts the preparations. Within mean time, Unnimaya develops a closeness towards him. In the midst of this, Nayanthara , a close friend of Jagan, reaches Kanimangalam from Bangalore. She expresses her desire to marry Jagan, which he declines, saying that he is now in love with Unnimaya. Nayanthara accepts his decision and goes back wishing him all the best for the future. According to the customs of the village, the festival puja should be done under a head priest from Keezhpayoor Mana, but when Appan Thamburan interferes, the members from Keezhpayoor refuses to conduct the puja, which makes Jagan to forcefully take the younger namboothiri  from away from home on way back. Suddenly Nandakumar lands down at Kanimangalam with his friends, one of whom harasses Unnimaya. This upsets Jagan, and, without Nandan's knowledge, he forcefully sends them back from Kanimangalam. In midst of this, the younger priest is taken away by Appan Thamburan's men. It is then revealed by Jagan that he is the son of the Kaloor Brahmadathan Namboothiri, the head priest of the temple, who died after being wrongly accused of stealing the divine ornaments of the Goddess. Jagan follows Ayinikad Namboothiri , the astrologer's instructions and wears his Yagyopaveetham, the holy thread, and adopts back Brahmanyam. The day of the festival arrives. Nandan, who had gone in search of his friends, is now back in an inebriated condition and furiously demands Jagan to leave the palace. Jagan pleads him one day's time, but Nandan is not ready to give an ear. Finding no other option, Jagan locks up Nandan in a room and reaches the temple to perform the rituals. Kulappully Appan's henchmen suddenly attacks villagers. Jagan is helpless as he is supposed to control his emotions while performing the puja and holding the divine ornaments of the Goddess. The younger priest suddenly reappears and replaces Jagan in the puja so that Jagan can save the villagers. Jagan fights the hooligans, and saves the villagers, emerging as their leader. He then points his sword at Appan's neck and threatens to kill him if he ever comes back. The festival concludes successfully and the village is cheerful. Nandan is released and Jagan announces the cheering crowd that its not him, but Nandakumar, the original owner of the Kanimangalam palace and he is leaving the village with both Unnimaya and Krishna Varma. But, Nanda Kumar, who is carried away by seeing the affection of the people for Jagan, calls him back and hands over the ownership to him."] ["In Nikaah,B.R Chopra makes a social comment on the sharia laws of divorce ([[Divorce  and its misuse among the Indian Muslim society. As per Chopra, it is a story of all woman. Haider  and Nilofar  study in the same college. Haider, an aspiring poet, falls in love with Nilofar without knowing she is in love with Wasim , who is a Nawab. Nilofar and Wasim are engaged and they eventually marry. Meanwhile, Haider becomes a successful poet and editor of a magazine. During their honeymoon, Wasim gets a new business contract and spends most of his time at work. Nilofer, who was expecting a happy married life is disappointed and feels neglected and lonely. On the occasion of their first wedding anniversary Wasim and Nilofar arrange a party for which Wasim fails to turn up. Nilofar can't face the questions of the guests and retires to her bedroom. The guests are insulted by the absence of the hosts and leave the party. This leads to a heated argument between the couple and in a moment of rage Wasim divorces Nilofar by saying Talaq three times, without fulfilling other conditions required by sharia laws to perform this . Nilofar, now a divorcee is offered a job by Haider in his magazine. During this period she realizes Haider is still in love with her. Wasim who has divorced her in a moment of anger, wants to reconcile and marry her again. He approaches the Imam and asks his advice on the matter. The Imam tells him the complexity of the Sharia law for remarrying a wife after divorcing her. This requires her to marry someone else and get a divorce later. Only then will Wasim be able to remarry Nilofar. During this time Haider expresses his love towards Nilofar and his desire to marry her. They marry with the consent of their parents. Wasim sends a letter to Nilofar asking her to divorce Haider and marry him. Haider reads this letter and thinks that Nilofar and Wasim are still in love. He decides to offer her a divorce, so that she can marry Wasim. He brings Wasim to her and offers his consent to divorce her through Talaq. But Nilofar turns it down and questions both of them on their treating of her like property rather than as a woman. She says she wants to continue her life with Haider. Wasim blesses both of them and leaves."] ["Manager Ajay Singh find out that a man by the name of Naresh is murdered and inform police inspector Rai, but all evidences are tampered with at the crime scene and as a result the murderer became difficult to trace. From here on Ajay's life takes a new turn in trying to find the culprit who have murdered Naresh, in the process he meets a young woman, Kiran who have some crucial evidences that might lead Ajay to the culprit who have murdered alcoholic and womanizer Naresh."] ["Rohit Kumar  is an aspiring playback singer while Kiran  is an ambitious classical singer-in-training. They meet, relate to each other's sentiments, fall in love and get married. When Kiran's parents oppose their marriage, they decide to lead a separate life. However, after marriage, Kiran's ambitions take a back seat as she feels suppressed by her household responsibilities and her son's look after. Time fails to abate Kiran's frustration until she decides to leave Rohit and start a new life all over again. Now a loner, Rohit is forced to look after both his son and his own falling career. After some obvious teething troubles, Rohit succeeds in creating a separate world for himself and his son, Sonu. Meanwhile, Kiran becomes a huge film star. She tries to reconcile with Rohit but as luck would have it, Rohit is a proud man and misinterprets her support as her pity and things become worse. A court case is eventually filed for the custody of Sonu. Rohit faces a tough time preparing for the case as his financial position is not as sound as Kiran's. He sells his best songs at a very low price so that he can fight the custody battle. During the court battle, Kiran's lawyer Bhujbal  uses every possible trick to show that Rohit does not deserve the custody of his child. He even uses the information that Rohit had told Kiran  against him. Rohit instructs his lawyer to fight the case honestly as he does not wish to hurt Kiran and her reputation. In the end the court rules in favor of the mother and Kiran is given custody of the child. During this time, common friends of Rohit and Kiran try to explain to Kiran that Rohit had changed for the better and that he was now very much attached to his son. Kiran also realises that their son would never find happiness only with her. She tells Rohit that she will not take Sonu away and that she wants him to stay at his own home to which Rohit replies that this was Kiran's home as well. Kiran seemingly moves to get out of the house but then closes the door and smiles. Rohit and Kiran hug each other and their son and the movie ends."] ['Nageshwar alias "Don" heads a vast criminal empire. He has an only son, , who is completely familiar with his dad and his business. So is Ajay\'s wife, who would like to put an end to all these criminal activities. When Nageshwar starts showing signs of aging, he decides that it is now time for Ajay to take over from him. Ajay does so, however, a number of Nageshwar\'s associates are unhappy, embittered, and critical of this choice, and as a result they, under the leadership of Shankar Dhanraj kidnap Ajay\'s son, Gopal, and hold him for ransom. Will Nageshwar negotiate his grandson\'s release, or will his grandson be another sacrifice of his "empire"? How will Ajay and his wife react to this?'] ["Karunan  an arrogant fisherman is back from jail after 5 years. Upon arriving back at his coastal village, he finds much change in scenario. Chandran ([[Rahman , his trusted Lieutenant, who is more like a younger brother is now a worker at the near by toddy shop. Chandran again joins him and helps Karunan in setting up his life. Karunan is shocked to see that Madhavi([[Menaka , whom he loved once is now married to Kumaran ([[Vincent , for whom he had to go to jail. Kumaran ditched Karunan and within a short time, he himself has emerged as a rich man in the locality. Karunan decides to avenge Kumaran, but is attacked severely at night by his goons. Karunan is saved by Gopi , a jobless youngman who accidentally witnesses the incident. Gopi becomes a good friend of Karunan and started staying with him and Chandran. In the meantime Devayani ([[Seema  a young woman also joins them due to unaccepted situations. The unpleasant incidents that happening in each of their life and Karunan's fight against Kumaran forms the rest of the story."] ["The story revolves around a man who is caught in a quagmire of crime and consumerism as he struggles to find heaven on earth. The story revolves around Arjun, a street-smart young conman with an obsession for making a quick buck. He has a chance meeting with a girl at a mall and falls in love at first site. Zoya was gazing at a ring placed inside showcase protected by glass and hoping to acquire this ring. He breaks the glass to grab the ring she was looking at, that led to catch him by the security guards patrolling in the mall. Zoya  gives him the reasons he was looking for to move out of his ordinary life and become rich for this girl. He steps up from playing small-time card games to becoming a bookie. Stuck in a triangle of sorts between the woman he loves and his addiction to make a quick buck, Arjun moves on from being a bookie to a runner for the mafia. He steps into the world of Cricket match fixing, ensuring a match looks interesting, but the end result is to their advantage. Arjun basically switches on the limelight to the bigger, faster, better and more, until his dizzying rise attracts the attention of the police. Arjun has now to choose between the love of his life, and this new found success and power. As Arjun struggles to choose between the two, a underworld don  offers the forbidden apple of limitless wealth in exchange for his soul, drawing him into his core entourage of money spinners. When Arjun declines his offer, the don has Arjun drawn into a plot where he is trapped as the man accused of killing a coach. With the police after him, Arjun manages to get into his best friend's car. Both of them can now make off, but Arjun is stopped by Zoya who asks him to surrender. Convinced that he has not committed the crime, Zoya assures him they can fight the law. When the police arrive, Arjun raises his arms in a gesture of surrender. Zoya pleads with the inspector, who is a fair and just man, not to kill Arjun as he is ready to give himself up and, consequently, the inspector orders his men not to fire until told to, though none of them lower their weapons. Arjun is asked to drop his gun, which is in the pocket of his jeans. Zoya's ring, too, is in Arjun's pocket and when the gun is taken out and dropped, the ring is dropped along with it. Arjun, in a state of shock and blur, bends down to pick the ring, but the police mistakenly think he is reaching for the gun. They open fire, and Arjun is brutally killed. The film ends showing Zoya paying her shopping bill in a mall along with her child. At the payment counter she reduces items from her shopping list as she cannot afford to pay for all the items. Just then her son willingly gives away an item for himself from the shopping list, explaining it can be bought some other time. She smiles at him; realizing if Arjun wouldn't have been that greedy, he would've still been alive."] ['Tees Maar Khan revolves around conman Tabrez Mirza Khan  who has been a criminal since he was young. He was caught in France and was deported back to India. Two police officers Chatterjee  and Mukherjee  took him but he escaped. He is in love with the struggling actress Anya . TMK takes a job from the Johri brothers to rob a non-stop train loaded with precious antiques. He cons the people of Dhulia village into helping him by saying that he will make a historical film about their village. He approaches the greedy but popular actor Aatish Kapoor , who is eager to get the Oscar award and fools him into working in his film. The robbery goes well but all the villagers and Tabrez Mirza Khan get arrested. TMK claims that he is innocent, but he gets arrested anyway. However, at the court, he says many funny jokes, and by chance he hears that he will be in the jail for 6 years. but it was that he will be in the jail for 60 years. The movie is completed and, at the premiere, Aatish, Anya, TMK\'s mother, Dollar, Soda, Burger and all the villagers walk the red carpet with Tees Maar Khan and the police. After the film, Tees Maar Khan escapes. Later, at his private jet, the Johri brothers enjoy what they got until Tees Maar Khan and his gang throw them out of the plane. The film ends with TMK and his mother becoming rich, Aatish receiving Oscar awards from actor Anil Kapoor, Anya becoming an actress and the whole Dhulia village opening their own saloons, party halls and the village inspector opening a poster signing stall to all the people from America. The crew of the film are seen receiving the Oscar awards in the song "Happy Ending".'] ["Kalpana , a middle class girl, is excited about her marriage with a film star Mahendar Kumar . The star is busy with his profession and is a flirt. Kalpana learns this after marriage and finds Mahendar has no time to spend with her. Both happen to visit London on Mahendar's project. There she meets a young student Vimal , studying arts at London University, who makes art works of the people around and exhibits them. He requests Kalpana for a sketch, which she obliges. They meet very often and fall in love with each other. With him, Kalpana sees the new phase and joy of life, which she has not seen earlier. They get intimate and Kalpana finds herself guilty of this. She stops meeting Vimal for some time. One day she finds a letter from Vimal and replies him. She starts meeting him again and finds herself swaying between Mahendar and Vimal. At this juncture, she decides to break away from Mahendar and joins Vimal to lead a joyful life. The rest story shows the turn of events thereafter, in the lives of Mahendar, Kalpana and Vimal."] ["Shamsher Singh , his son Pratap Singh , and daughter-in-law lead a happy life in an Indian village. Shamsher works as an engine driver with his friend Gurbaksh Singh . Pratap is appointed as the new inspector-in-charge of the village but is killed brutally by Jagawar Chaudhary , a notorious local smuggler, after Pratap refuses to help Jagawar in his illegal activities. Seeing his son dead, Shamsher Singh is enraged and he kills some of Jagawar's goons whom he had seen throwing his son's dead body in the forest. When he is about to inquire from one of Jagawar's men about the person behind his son's murder, he is stopped by the police and is asked to surrender; Shamsher somehow manages to escape. His daughter-in-law dies while giving birth to Kunal Singh . Shamsher takes his grandson Kunal and leaves his village to hide from the police. In the hope of making quick money, to secure his grandson's future, Shamsher starts working for Sir Mizya , a powerful underworld don, and takes on a new identity as Sir Shobraj. Over the course of time, he becomes a wealthy and powerful smuggler and the chairman of the Mizya Group. Meanwhile, Kunal grows up under the strict supervision of Shamsher's loyal employee Abu Baba . He falls in love with Durga , a beautiful slum girl and the daughter of one of Shamsher's old employee Ganpat. However, things take an ugly turn when Shamsher Singh disagrees to let Kunal marry Durga because of her being from a poor background; he instead warns Durga's mother  to leave the city with her daughter or else face serious consequences. Although Durga is unwilling to leave at first, she later agrees to sacrifice her love and leaves with her mother in a ship to Goa where Shamsher's men try to rape her. Abu Baba comes to their rescue and saves them but is killed by Shamsher's men with the help of Jagawar, who has become a powerful smuggler of Goa. Kunal is devastated after seeing Abu Baba's dead body and promises to take revenge. His investigations into Abu Baba's death eventually lead to the true identity of his grandfather and about his father's killers."] ["Three friends from Delhi go missing in a small village - Jhanjhar. It's two months and there is no clue about their disappearance. The media and students movement demand action from the authorities. It's then that the government orders a Central Bureau of Investigation enquiry with officers Sidhant Chaturvedi  and Pratap Kumar  to solve the case. They find it difficult to solve the case as the local police and other authorities are a part of Shool Sena, which is responsible for illicit activities. Sidhant and Pratap also face Ajatshatru Singh , a ruthless police officer who misuses his power. Not only that even the locals don't support the investigation. It's with the help of Roshni  who's the daughter of the village head and also very wealthy, and Geeta , who's Ajatshatru's wife and Pratap's former love, that the investigation moves ahead. The suspense behind the missing three friends is revealed by Geeta who witnessed the killing of these boys by a local politician helped by her husband. This investigation is filled with many traps and thrills by Ajatshatru and his colleagues. They try to destroy the name of CBI in number of ways. Things gets worse when Ajatshatru comes to know about er wife Geeta helping CBI. He then beats Geeta brutally with his belt behind closed doors and leaves her hospitalized. Pratap, filled with anger, traps each of the criminals by hacking their respective phone's databases and capturing their illicit activities on CCTV cameras. When it is Ajatshatru's turn, Pratap cuts him with a sharp razor and beats him brutally and mercilessly in a salon behind closed doors. The duo also manage to get one of the criminals to believe that the rest of the gang are behind him thinking he is rat, and that he had better become a government witness for their case. The crimininal intimidated was the one who actually was only guilty,in this case, only of disposing of and burying the bodies. After the trial we see him hiding behind a pillar and still being threatened by the guilty miscreants on their way to prison. The heaviest sentence received was 10 years and the lightest was 3. Obviously justice is still blind because there was no sentence passed for the 300 villagers burned alive,the cruel beating of the wife,or the kidnap,abuse,and cutting of the tongue of Jhamunia In the end all the criminals are sentenced to imprisonment.But the story does not end there. As everyone is leaving the court, Siddhant slips a revolver into village woman Jhamunia's  hands, with which she manages to kill all the newly sentenced criminals . The film ends with Siddhant and Pratap bidding goodbye at the railway station, and Geeta running behind Pratap as he boards the train to leave, with Siddhant watching on."] ["Naseeb, a story of destiny and fate, begins with a lottery ticket. A drunk who cannot pay his tab trades: so he decides to sell his ticket to the waiter, Namdev , instead. Namdev purchases this ticket with his three friends Damu , Raghu  and Jaggi . Using a system of drawing out the highest card to decide who keeps the ticket, Jaggi wins and the ticket stays with him. When the ticket turns out to be a winner, Damu and Raghu turn on the other two, murdering Jaggi and framing Namdev. Namdev goes on the run but Raghu and Damu intervene and throw him over a bridge into a river and Namdev is presumed dead. However, he is rescued by a don , and no one is aware he is alive. Fast forward to ten years later Damu and Raghu have used their stolen lottery money to build a fabulous hotel and make millions becoming very successful businessmen. Damu has used a share of his money to send his youngest son, Vicky , to school in England. They have even employed Namdev's oldest son Johnny , Vicky's best friend, as a waiter in the hotel. By coincidence  Johnny and Vicky fall in love with the same beautiful singer, Miss Asha . Julie  is a childhood friend of Vicky's who is in love with him, but he only sees her as a friend. When Johnny discovers this, he and Julie sacrifice their own love to ensure that Vicky and Asha get together. At the same time, Johnny's younger brother Sunny  has fallen for Asha's younger sister Kim . Kim and Asha happen to be the daughters of Jaggi, the man Namdev supposedly murdered. Namdev returns soon after and plans to take revenge against Damu and Raghu for separating him from his sons Johnny and Sunny. The lives of all these characters become interwined and Naseeb becomes a poignant story about love, friendship, sacrifice, deceit, revenge and, above all, destiny. Naseeb set the trend for multistar song sequences like the John, Johnny, Janardan Tarra Rum Pum cameos by Raj Kapoor, Shammi Kapoor, Randhir Kapoor, Dharmendra, Rajesh Khanna, Sharmila Tagore, Simi Garewal, Rakesh Roshan, and Mala Sinha."] ["Ramkishen  is a wealthy and respected industrialist. His family is a model of happiness and togetherness, rare in modern times. He has three sons-- Vivek , Prem  and Vinod -- as well as a daughter, Sangeeta . Vivek is the son of Ramkishen's dead first wife. Mamta , Ramkishen's second wife, has brought up Vivek and he is very close to her. Prem, Vinod and Sangeeta are Mamta's own children. Vivek is disabled in one arm because of a childhood accident in which he saved Prem and Vinod. The three brothers stay in a palatial house with their parents. Sangeeta is married to Anand  and has a little daughter, Radhika. The three of them stay with Anand's elder brother Anurag , sister-in-law Jyoti  and two young nephews. On Ramkishen and Mamta's twenty-fifth wedding anniversary, there is a large get-together of family members and friends. The guests include Vivek's friend Anwar , Ramkishen's friend Preetam , family friend Dharamraj  and many others. At the anniversary party, Vivek is introduced to Sadhna ([[Tabu , the daughter of another industrialist. The next day, Sadhna's father Adarsh  calls on Ramkishen and proposes marriage between his daughter and Vivek. Everyone is overjoyed at the proposal. Vivek hesitates, feeling that he might be a burden on Sadhna with his disability. However, she sticks by her decision. Vivek is touched by this and gets married to her. Preetam's daughter Dr. Preeti  and Prem have loved each other since they were children, but have never spoken of their feelings. They are unsure about each other, but their mutual love is obvious to everyone else. Their engagement is finalized after a comic scene in which Dharamraj's daughter Sapna  and Vinod pretend to be Preeti and Prem, acting as though they like each other. Later, Vivek makes the introverted Prem realize the importance of expressing his love for Preeti. From then on, Prem and Preeti start enjoying romantic moments together. Vinod and Sapna are very fun-loving and flirtatious with each other. They, too, get engaged. Ramkishen feels that he can now retire from the business and let his sons take over. He decides to appoint Vivek, the most experienced of his sons, the Managing Director  of his companies. The twist to the story comes when Anurag throws Anand, Sangeeta and Radhika out of his house without any share in the family assets. Dharamraj and three snobbish socialite friends of Mamta convince her that she must compel Ramkishen to divide the house and business equally among his sons. They convince Mamta that fights and complications will occur in future, if the three brothers live in the same house with their wives and children. They especially warn her against Vivek because he is not her biological son. This leads to a tangled web of problems and sadness. Vivek decides to go on a self-imposed exile. He moves to Rampur  with Sadhna. Vinod insists on accompanying them. Prem is appointed the MD of the companies. However, he makes it clear that he considers Vivek the real MD and himself just a deputy. Preeti and Prem also cancel their wedding, disappointing Mamta. Preeti and Sapna take care of Sadhna, who is expecting a child. Anurag faces professional and domestic problems. Realizing the importance of Anand, Sangeeta and Radhika in his life, he welcomes them back. Sangeeta talks to Mamta and describes how Vivek had helped her during this crisis. Mamta realizes her fault and goes to Rampur to bring Vivek and Sadhna home. The family is re-united. Sadhna gives birth to a child. Some time later, Prem and Preeti get married to each other, as do Vinod and Sapna. Dharamraj accepts his mistakes. Vivek takes charge as MD of Ramkishen's companies. At the end, there is a hint that Vivek's disabled hand is beginning to get healed."] ["Sujata is a romance between a Brahmin young man, Adheer  and an untouchable woman, Sujata . The movie has Dr. B. R. Ambedkar's fight against untouchability and the myth of Chandalika in hinduism as its subtexts on the basis of which it tries to criticize the practice of untouchability in India. Brahmin couple Upen and Charu bring up the orphaned Sujata. Although Upen is fond of the adoptive child, his wife Charu and mother can never fully embrace Sujata because she is an untouchable. They never fail to remind Sujata that she doesn't belong amongst Brahmins. One day, Upen's wife falls down the stairs and is rushed to the hospital. The doctors tell the family that in order to save Charu, they need blood of a rare group. Only Sujata's blood matches, and she willingly donates blood. When Upen's wife knows that her life was saved by Sujata, she realizes her mistakes and accepts her as her daughter. Sujata and Adheer are finally married."] ["Joint Commissioner of Police Dev Pratap Singh, a duty-bound, self-righteous officer, and Special Commissioner Tejinder Khosla, the balancing force between the political interests of Chief Minister Bhandarker and Dev's commitment to the law, are lifelong friends, each with his own ideals. Farhaan, a law graduate, was brought up with ideals of non-violence and patriotism. Dev unwittingly gives Farhaan the wound that plunges him into rage and violence after witnessing the death of his father during a peace demonstration. Taking advantage of the situation, corrupt politician Latif sets the vulnerable young man on a path of violence and destruction that threatens to ignite the city. Aalyn is the light in Farhaan's life. Beautiful and innocent, the young woman also gets caught in extraordinary circumstances that transform her life and she dares to stand up for the truth.Dev is the saga of Dev and Tej's friendship, a bond stronger than blood ties in which Farhaan emerges as the wedge driving them apart. The story unfolds against the vitiated atmosphere of present times where innocent lives become fodder for political expediency. The spark of terrorist violence unknowingly set off by Farhaan under the aegis of the corrupt politician Latif engulfs the whole city in its flames. Tej transgresses beyond the boundaries of law in his passion to eliminate anti-national crime. Dev is faced with the spectre of the tragic human cost and a moral compulsion to act. The stakes rise beyond self-interest. Dev and Tej are set on a path of dramatic collision. Even as Dev and Farhaan's fate gets irreversibly linked, two soldiers whose allegiance may be to different causes but admiration for each other's courage and integrity brings them together. On a train bound for Bombay from Surat, a Police Inspector questions a young man named Farhaan, who has just obtained his law degree, for his reason to go to Bombay, and whether he has any alliance with Pakistanis. Farhaan answers that he is going to Bombay to live with his father, and he does not know anyone from Pakistan. Farhaan finds out that Bombay Police have been targeting the Muslim community, and in the name of fighting terrorism, have been killing innocent Muslim men, women and children. He comes to know that Joint Commissioner of Police, Dev Pratap Singh, is involved in this witch-hunt, and he would like to kill him. Farhaan joins hands with the local Muslim political leader, Latif, and he is provided training in handling guns, and is subsequently made ready for this task. Unfortunately, Farhaan is unable to kill Dev, who escapes unhurt, albeit a little shaken. Chief Minister Bhandarkar views this incident seriously, and instructs the police to root out terrorist elements in the city, which they do so ruthlessly. Farhaan is told to deliver a package to a man near a Hindu temple, and he does so. While at a stop to buy some snacks, the package explodes, killing several people. Since this incident occurred near a Hindu temple, a right-wing political party member, Mangal Rao, organizes a wave of riots against the Muslim community. Riots take place, and the police are instructed to observe and not prevent the violence. As a result, hundreds are killed. Latif organizes his men to target and attack Hindus and Hindu establishments, rendering the region unsafe, with people being killed in the name of religion. When Hindus and Muslims have had enough, they publicly ask for peace, it is only then Latif and Mangal Rao agree on a truce, on the condition that no Muslim male, female or child will file a FIR  in any police station, to which Latif agrees. Latif then warns everyone in the Muslim community not to complain against anyone. Period. It is then Farhaan finds out that he has been treated as a pawn by Latif, and decides to trust Dev and become an informer. But will Dev trust a man who just attempted to kill him? And will Latif and Mangal Rao join forces to eliminate Farhaan, who now has become a liability to both sides."] ["The film uses the familiar Bollywood theme of siblings separated by fate. Gangland killers assassinate an honest man who defied them, killing his wife as well. The couple's three sons flee the massacre and lose contact with each other. They grow up in entirely different circumstances and are re-united only when one of the sons, played by Dharmendra, sets out to find the villain who killed their parents. Shankar , Vijay , and Ratan  are three brothers. On their father's birthday, their mother taught them a song titled Yaadon Ki Baaraat which they held dearly to their hearts. As fate may have it, one day, the boys' father witnessed a robbery by Shakaal Ajit, and his henchmen. To protect their identity, Shakal decided to kill the boys father before he could go to the police. So one night, Shakaal and his men storm into the boys' father's room and kill both their mother and father. Shankar and Vijay witness the act and flee. They make their way to a passing train, where Shankar is separated from Vijay. Several years pass by and the boys have grown up. Shankar is haunted by the memory of his parents' murder and is now joined by his friend Usman on a crime spree around the city. Vijay was adopted by a fairly wealthy man who is the groundskeeper to the love of his life, Sunita  and Ratan, was raised by the boys' maid, and changed his name to Monto. With his new identity, Monto started a band and does gigs at hotels for a living and is also in love with a co-singer . The brothers meet several times, yet do not recognize each other. however, when they finally do, they cannot contact each other. Shankar will be caught by his boss, who is the real murderer of his parents. As the movie progresses, Shankar finds out and is out to kill the villain."] ["Before giving birth to her child, Ratna  loses her husband, and eventually gives birth to a son, Raju. Four years later, Dr. Anand, who treated her while she was giving birth to Raju  re-enters her life and soon becomes a frequent visitor, much to the displeasure of Ratna's mother-in-law  and her husband's sister Bela, both of whom start maltreating her and making her life miserable. Anand stops visiting thereafter. Anand soon marries a nurse called Maya Verma . Maya is a squanderer, and her relationship with Anand falters. Moreover, he later finds out that she cannot conceive. When Anand's dad passes away, he leaves considerable wealth to Anand's child, including a fair monthly allowance. Maya plots with an advocate, S. Prakash , who happens to be Bela's husband, to fabricate a story that Anand's father was mentally unbalanced while writing the testament. This plan fails, and along with her aunt, Nurse Sarla Verma , make a false statement claiming that Ratna's son is actually Anand's biological son, leading to their lawyer filing a custodial case in court. What will happen next?"] ["Sahil  does not get along with his stepfather Jaisingh Sinha , the Governor and goes out of his way to antagonise him, even though his stepfather makes every effort to reach out to him. At around this time he meets the beautiful Sheetal  and is also, at the same time, reacquainted with his childhood friend, Isha . Sahil and Isha soon fall in love and Sheetal begins to fall for him too. Knowing this, their fathers arrange an engagement between her and Sahil, to be announced at his birthday party. Sahil, however, intends to announce his marriage to Isha on the same day. Upon hearing his stepfather's announcement, Sahil picks up a knife in a fit of rage and almost stabs him. He also openly declares his love for Isha. The next day Sahil, wanting a direct confrontation on the matter, finds his stepfather stabbed to death. All that is found at the crime scene is a locket. Being in the wrong place at the wrong time, all evidence points to him and he ends up being framed for murder and being sent to jail. Wanting to prove his innocence, he eventually escapes from prison and starts looking for clues along with Sheetal's help. However, a rogue police officer, Udham Singh  is assigned to his case and he takes up the task of nabbing Sahil, by hook or by crook. Sahil starts going through the suspects but with no clue as to who is the killer. One by one all the people who had testified against Sahil in the court are either hospitalized or killed, including Dr. Gandhi , the family doctor, who intended to tell Sahil something important. Eventually, Vilas Rao, , reveals to Sahil that Mantriji  had murdered his father. As he, along with Isha is interrogating the Mantri, Sheetal arrives and states that Uddham Singh has arreseted Isha's father, Ishwar Diwan  who had confessed to the two murders when the former pointed out to incriminating evidence in Isha's house, in the form of two Kashmiri knives, missing from a set. Isha is distraught and goes to the police station to meet her dad. Sahil returns to his mother and his home. He stays up trying to uncover the mystery surrounding the locket which was found at the crime scene. At the same time, the same killer is seen approaching Uddham Singh's house. Sahil's younger brother mananges to open the locket. Sahil finds small pictures of himself and Isha in the locket and realizes, to his horror, that Isha is the killer. The camera then pans to Uddham Singh's house, where Isha is seen standing behind Uddham Singh and subsequently stabbing him. Sahil goes to the police station and meets Isha's father, who explains that he knew of this all along. The psychological impact of being separated from Sahil at a very young age and also her love for him being thwarted and mocked by the Governor, had prompted Isha, in a jealous, uncontrollable and obsessive rage, to kill him, and subsequently Dr. Gandhi who had been behind Isha and Sahil's separation in the first place and who wanted to tell Sahil the very same the night he had been killed. Further more, he had arranged an escape for her and Sahil when Dr. Gandhi had been murdered. Isha had done this merely because of her unconditional love for Sahil and the fact that she could not stand being separated from Sahil any longer and could go to any extent for him . Her father, being bound to his responsibility as a father and love for his daughter, had kept all of this a secret. As he explains everything, the police officers appear and tell Sahil that there's been another murder. Sahil realises what Isha has done and quickly goes to Sheetal's house, knowing she is next. Sheetal is unaware of what's happened and while on the phone sees Isha standing near the door. During a slightly conversation, Sheetal discovers a knife in Isha's hand. There is a struggle between the two, but Sahil manages to get there in time  . Also Udham Singh, knowing the same reality as Sahil, reaches the house from the hospital and shoots Isha in the back. As she lays dying in his arms, Isha confesses her love for him and states that she had been scared that she would be separated from Sahil again. Sahil merely acknowledges grief by saying that all of this had been unnecessary. He had been hers all along. As he says this, she asks him to hug her one last time and dies in his arms."] ['The film begins with a mysterious gypsy-like musician  leading the crowds at Waterloo station in London in a dance to the title song. At the station, two strangers, Rikki Thukral  and Alvira Khan , wait for their respective friends arriving on the same train. Rikki is a fun-loving Punjabi from Bhatinda who lives in Southall, while Alvira is a sexy, elite class Pakistani from Lahore who is more assimilated into British culture. The two share a table in a café together and to kill the time they talk about how they met their partners-to-be. Rikki says that he met his fiancé, Anaida Raza , at Hôtel Ritz Paris, the same night that Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Al-Fayed left the hotel to take their last journey together. Rikki explains "When two lovers die, another two are born", as he fell in love with Anaida that night. Alvira says she met her fiancé, the dashing lawyer Steve Singh  at Madame Tussauds in London when he saved her from death by a falling Superman wax model. The encounter changed her life and she was smitten by the lawyer who also helped her sue Madame Tussauds for substantial damages. As Rikki and Alvira talk they begin to enjoy each other\'s company and their different backgrounds cease to matter. They exchange numbers and go to meet their partners. However, it is then revealed that they had not gone to meet their respective partners. Rikki is in fact at the train station to meet his business partner, while Alvira is meeting her relatives. As they leave the station separately, they realize they are in love, but believe their love is unrequited, each of the other. The two get in touch when Alvira calls Rikki, pretending it was a wrong number. They decide to meet up at a disco where there is a dance competition but both try to maintain that they are engaged. Out of desperation, Rikki hires Laila, a prostitute, to pose as Anaida, and Alvira asks Satvinder to pretend to be Steve. The four meet at a club and take part in the dance competition, while throwing insults at each other. Rikki and Laila emerge as the winners but Alvira is jealous and storms out in tears. Satvinder goes to Rikki\'s flat and tells him that he has fallen in love with Laila. He also tells him that Alvira is not engaged to him. Rikki, realising what has happened, goes to see Alvira, who is at first moping in bed and later tries to convince her cousin not to marry her. Rikki calls her from a neighbor\'s window. The film ends with the mysterious gypsy musician showing how Rikki and Alvira invented the stories about the non-existent lovers by taking inspiration from Alvira\'s newspaper and Rikki\'s comic book.'] ["The story is about Priya Bakshi , the daughter of Gulshan  and Rohini Bakshi . Priya has her parents, brothers and best friend, Ajay  who all love and support her. She enters her first year in college and catches the eye of Rahul  who quickly becomes attracted to her. She succumbs to his charm but her brothers and parents are not sure about Rahul. His womanizing nature worries them and they tell her to stay away from him. However, Priya is unable to leave Rahul. She convinces her parents to meet him but when they talk about marriage, he backs off and leaves Priya.  Priya is devastated but moves on with her life. She learns that she is pregnant with Rahul's child. Her parents go to Rahul to talk about marriage but to their shock he refuses to marry her. Priya is faced with a decision, and she chooses to keep the child. Her decision prompts her father to kick her out the house. Alone and neglected, Priya is devastated, but her parents and brothers find it hard to live without her and they bring her home. She now has to face society and try to overcome the disdain of her neighbors, among others. Society virtually ostracizes her and her family. She eventually gains the support of those who had earlier disrespected her. At the same time she manages to change Rahul's views as well and he decides to marry her. However, Priya has already given her heart to Ajay and they get married, soon after she gives birth to a girl."] ["The story revolves around three roommates, journalist Tashi ([[Imran Khan , photographer Nitin Beri  and Arup  leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shoddy apartment. Tashi's ditsy fiancee Sonia  is an air hostess who agrees to deliver a package for Vladimir Dragunsky  to Somayajulu , without realizing its contents or that Somayajulu is a gangster. Sonia asks Tashi to deliver the package. Tashi, in turn, asks Nitin to do so. But Nitin is unable to do so as he is experiencing 'Delhi Belly'. Nitin hands Sonia's package to Arup for delivery to Somayajulu, along with a package containing his stool sample for delivery to Nitin's doctor. Arup mixes up the two packages which makes Somayajulu furious and he starts the investigation by interrogating Vladimir. Meanwhile, Nitin photographs his landlord with a prostitute. He sends an envelope with the photographs to his landlord to blackmail him. Tashi is with Sonia, when his colleague Menaka  calls him on the pretext of work. When he reaches the place he realizes that it is just a party and Menaka called him just to have fun. Menaka's ex-husband Rajeev sees them together and gives Tashi a black-eye in a fit of jealousy. Tashi retaliates and knocks Rajeev out. As Tashi and Menaka leave they are chased by a furious Rajeev and his friends who shoot at them. The duo barely manages to escape. Vladimir informs Somayajulu that the mix-up must have been caused by Sonia as she didn't know what she was carrying in the package. Somayajulu calls Sonia, informs her about the mix-up and asks her to give him the address of the person who had delivered the package. When Tashi arrives into his apartment, he walks into Somayajulu who has Arup standing on a stool with a noose around his neck. On hard interrogation, Somayajulu discovers the mix-up and realizes that the package must be with Nitin's doctor. Nitin gets the package from his doctor's office, wherein Somayajulu finds his thirty diamonds hidden inside. Upon recovering his booty, he orders his henchmen to kill the three roommates. One of them is about to shoot Tashi, when another kicks the stool on which Arup was standing to hang him. Luckily for the roommates, the ceiling of the apartment caves in, since it can't take Arup's weight. The cave-in injures and knocks-out Somayajulu and his men. Tashi, Arup and Nitin escape along with the diamonds and spend the night at Menaka's place. The next day they sell the diamonds to a local jewellery store. As the roommates prepare to get out of town with the money, they get a call from Somayajulu who has kidnapped Sonia. He threatens to kill her if they don't return the diamonds. The trio, try to buy back the diamonds from the jewellery store, who demands double the sale amount. Without the money, Tashi comes up with a plan. Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Menaka disguise themselves in burqa and go back to the jewellery store. They con the owner, gag him and forcefully take back their diamonds and return his money. They make their get-away in Tashi's car with the police on their tail and make their way to the hotel where Somayajulu is holding Sonia. As they are about to make the exchange with Somayajulu, the police arrive at the hotel room. There is a shoot-out between the police and Somayajulu's gang. Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Sonia, who had hit the floor during gunfight,are left as the only survivors. Menaka is upset to learn about Tashi's engagement and walks away from him. Tashi breaks off his engagement to Sonia. Later, it is revealed that Nitin did not return the cash to the jewellery store owner, and had kept the money for himself. The film ends when Menaka comes to the roommates' apartment to return Tashi's car's hubcap lost while escaping from Rajeev. Tashi jumps into her car through the open window and kisses her passionately. Producer-actor Aamir Khan is seen in a song and dance performance during the credits at the end of the film."] ["Aaftab  and Dhananjay  are two step brothers who meet for the first time. Each one has a selfish approach to life; Aaftab is a petty smuggler, specializing in smuggling goods across the Rajasthan border into Pakistan whilst Dhananjay is a corporate yuppy from the city, with a high-flying lifestyle. Aaftab is in love with Rukshana , but is rejected by her family because he is illegitimate. Dhanajay is dating Ragini  and has his father's death to contend with. When the brothers meet for the first time, they instantly loathe each other, having nothing in common. One night, Aaftab blows up a loaded truck while trying to steal from it and attracts a mass of unwanted enforcers. Soon, Aaftab is forced to send Dhananjay into a trap, but ends up with them both being handcuffed and escaping from the Border Security Force, the Central Bureau of Investigation, and the border mafia who are attempting to incriminate the brothers for anti-national activities and a murder. They escape on foot, in motorbikes, cars, stolen trucks and Aaftab is tied to the undercarriage of a moving goods train. They run into difficult circumstances on the run, not in the least made better by their hatred for each other. Despite their initial differences, the two gradually learn to like and understand each other, eventually proving their innocence."] ["Shekhar  and Nandini  are friends living in Canada with their two uncles. Shekhar proposes to Nandini and she says yes and now they have a young son named Raja. Shekhar hears breaking news of violence in India, the family journeys to his ancestral house in rural North-East State of India and Nandini is shocked to see that Shekhar's family is embroiled in feudal gang wars. Shekhar's father Narasimha  has many enemies. Shekhar tries to bring peace between the warring gangs, but is attacked by the rival gang & killed on way to a reconciliatory meeting that he wanted to attend on his father's behalf. Nandini feels insecure and decides to leave India with her son but Narasimha imprisons them. But as she is desperate to escape, she goes on a difficult journey to return to her home in Canada with the help of Shekhar's mother and sister but when she leaves the house Narasimha sets his men on them. Meanwhile Nandini and Raja meet drifter Jaisingh  who helps them board a train to Jaipur but dies while battling Narsimha's men. Back at Narasimha's house, his wife revolts against him, telling him to put a stop to the bloodshed and let Nandini leave. Later when Nandini and Raja are about to check-in at the airport, Narasimha comes and bids them goodbye and lets them fly back to Canada."] ['Chandrakant is looking for job. Prabhudas mistakenly thinks that Chandrakant is son of a wealthy man. Prabhudas wants Chandrakant to marry his daughter Shanti. By the time Prabhudas learns the truth, Chandrakant and Shanti have fallen in love. They marry but go through a lot of troubles. Chandrakant builds a small empire by hard labour. Shanti gives birth to their son, Ravi. Shanti passes away after one year. Chandrakant always regrets that he could not give much time to Shanti. Ravi grows up and the same story of Chandrakant-Shanti is about to repeat between Ravi and Manorama.'] ['Manickam ([[Jeevan , belongs to a poor family in a village. He does not respect any of his family members, except for his uncle  who lives in Chennai. The story gets rolling once he decides to come and stay with his uncle at Chennai. Once while he is watching people playing golf, he notices Roopini  and Ramesh ([[Abbas  having an illegal relationship. He manages to capture the same in his video camera. Roopini is the wife of a rich businessman . Manickam blackmails Roopini and extracts money from her whenever he needs. Once he makes a trip abroad to Australia with Roopini’s expenditure. There he happens to meet Rosy . He falls in love with her. Rosy tells him that she is a very rich girl from a respected family. While he decide to propose to her, he finds that she has left the city. He is upset and just at that time, Roopini makes a phone calls and tells him that Rosy was sent by her only to woo Manickam and demand that if he needs Rosy, he needs to hand over the cassette to her. From that point on does Manickam get his love back, or does Roopini her cassette back forms the rest of the story.'] ['Amma  and her son Benwa  become Bombay’s slum-dwellers after running away from their village, after her husband kills a moneylender who tried to rape her. The husband is then shot trying to steal some tin to build a hut. In Bombay, Amma has a lover who provides for her and her son. Since the lover is a truck driver who travels most of the time, Amma takes on another lover - a vain pimp and petty crook, Lukka , who becomes Benwa’s idol. Lukka is on parole and ordered to be present before the police every day. Benwa marries the young Amli . Amma meanwhile becomes pregnant, though it is never clear whose child it is. Amma, of course, lets Anna  know that it is his because she knows that of her two lovers, he alone is capable and responsible enough to take care of her and her child. Lukka reappears, ravaged by syphilis and drugs; he is now a changed man and is disenchanted with the criminal life. But he still lives a life of crime and it is implied that there is no other choice for him. He even tries to dissuade Benwa from a life of crime without much success. Lukka is assaulted by the police at his illicit liquor den. The climax has Lukka assaulting a chemist who refuses to give him medicines unless he pays for it. Lukka grabs some medicines and makes a run for it, is chased by the police and hides in Amma’s hut. The cops find him and arrest both him and Benwa, beating them brutally in the process. Amma has a miscarriage in the scuffle. In the end, bulldozers arrives to flatten the entire slum. A sort of exodus is shown in the final moments of the movie - and Benwa & Amli move on to a new slum, and a new shanty hut to continue the CHAKRA The Wheel of Life. http://www.answers.com/topic/chakra-film'] ["Shakalaka Boom Boom follows the tale of a jealous, selfish and greedy music artist, AJ . AJ is one of the finest music artists in the industry, and is currently under a stop since he can't think of a new project. AJ is in love with the sexy Ruhi  and hopes to tell her how he feels however a wannabe singer, Reggie  appears who falls in love with Ruhi and woos her before AJ can. Therefore, AJ swears to destroy Reggie's career, and hence comes into Reggie's life as his friend. Getting him drunk, getting him smoking, is all that AJ has been doing to Reggie, and Reggie even loses control and passes out. One day, AJ finds out all Reggie's secrets, and gets him so drunk that he has liver-fail. Reggie in the state of dying, AJ takes all his music-notes and beats, and flees from the place. Then Ruhi shows up and takes him to the hospital. He is placed into the operation section duet to the failure of his liver, and then onwards, Ruhi plans to destroy AJ's career just like he did to Reggie. Though, Ruhi does not know that AJ isn't alone, he also has his hidden agenda with Reggie's ex-girlfriend Sheena  who is now a bigshot due to AJ. AJ and Sheena together publish Reggie's music at their own, and it goes onto becoming a big hit. At the music-signing, Ruhi gets her gun out, though it doesn't seem to work. She seems that's it, though Karma has a different plan in mind. Due to her gun not working, she leaves and as she leaves, a disco ball randomly falls on top of AJ's head. He is placed into the hospital, and the doctor declares him as he is now deaf, and can't hear any music anymore. The ending shows him going to hell, and Reggie waking up to a better life, as he and Ruhi have now proved that the music is really his."] ['The film revolves around a group of talented friends, whose lives undergo a complete change with the arrival of a new student... Khushi . The friends Sids or Siddhant , Bhargav or Bugs , Ronnie , Radha , Ruby , KS as ‘Haklu’ because he stammers a lot. They all are the young and vibrant students of National Institute of Performing Arts. With Kushi comes a lot of happiness in their lives and as the days pass by, both Sids and Bugs fall in love with her. But Kushi loves Sids. Sids is driven by a burning ambition of becoming a singer. He throws friendship aside for a desirable woman , who he believes, is his stepping stone to success. He dreams of becoming the greatest pop singer and perform with Roxy. But nothing stops them  to come closer and closer each day.Bugs finds himself falling deeper and deeper in love with Khushi, but is forced to keep it a secret that only he can treasure. He takes Khushi on a day long romantic date. Khushi, broken by Sid’s falling for another woman, returns to her comfortable yet lonely existence... The very home that she left to find genuine love and lasting friendships. Emotional upheavals also haunt the rest of the group when a close colleague develops AIDS.'] ["Inspector Vijay Verma  is a very lonely cop whose only family is a younger brother Ajay Verma  who is studying abroad. He also has two good friends Shekhar  and Seema . One day when he arrests the criminal mastermind Tony Briganza , he is shocked when Tony is released from police custody because his corrupt lawyer shows the court a videotape showing him at a completely different place so therefore he couldn't have committed the crime. From this day on they become enemies and Vijay is hot on Tony's trail every time he commits a crime. One day while watching a film called Seeta Aur Geeta, he realises that two people can be at different places at the same time if they are twins. He realises that Tony has a twin brother called Jojo who covers for him each time he commits a crime so he can get away with it easily. He successfully gets Tony arrested and put in prison. However Tony escapes and hides out at the house of Shekhar and Seema. When Shekhar realises that Tony and Jojo are wanted criminals, he tries to contact Vijay. But Tony and Jojo find out and kill Shekhar and Seema. Vijay is devastated by the loss of his two best friends and is comforted by nightclub dancer Sapna  whom he falls in love with. After the death of his friends, he finds out Tony and Jojo now have his brother Ajay on their hit list so he sets out trying to stop them. However, his police commissioner  warns him not to take the law into his hands."] ['Happy Days is the quintessential college story that explores the lives of eight friends through the four years of their engineering course. Each one joins with their own set of idiosyncrasies and eccentricities. What starts off as a journey of individuals, slowly becomes a collective one as they bond. They bond as they go through bullying seniors, tyrant professors, intense examinations, celebrations, Love, Betrayal, Sacrifice and every possible experience that an individual goes through in a college. And finally they realize their potential. The film is a true representation of the wonderful & formative years in college. It depicts the stories of concerned parents and inspiring professors. It captures the raw energy in college going students. Full of dance, romance, music and masti… It has all the class rooms tiffs, mandatory fights, hot looking professors, love at first sights, crushes, break ups, first kisses, hostel humor, bikes, friendships and betrayals, birthday parties, prom nights, achievements, failures, exams, summers, picnics and parties, careers and true loves…. The film brings back the nostalgia of college days which are the most memorable days of everyone’s lives.'] ["In the midst of central London, a successful Indian restaurant called 'Gaylord' is run by a Londoner of Indian origin called Pinu  . A simple soul at heart, Pinu has many complexes - a special one being that he is a virgin and has experienced no intimacy with a woman. To top that, his biggest fear is to be laughed at by people... an ever-repeating phenomenon with him. Pinu is quite an introvert and has no real friends...the closest he has ever gotten to a friendship is with his foster brother Rajat , who is quite a contrast to his own personality. A casual air about him, he is the lead singer of a rock band. Rajat is very fond of Pinu, though is often a source of annoyance to him as he finds Pinu really funny. One day, a young Indian fellow called Kamlesh comes to his restaurant and asks for a job as a stand-up comedian. Quite thrown off, Pinu initially refuses but finally lets him join as a cook, who also does a stand-up act in the evenings. On the same day, he hires a new cashier - Renu , a young art student from India, who has a passion for caricatures. Life changes dramatically for Pinu as Gaylord begins to transform... Renu works on the look of the place makes cheerful caricatures for customers while Kamles is a fabulous cook with a great talent for making people laugh in his acts and soon the restaurant is more happening and the business is much better. But the greatest difference they bring to his life is friendship. There is a visible difference in pinu's personality now as he lets himself hang out a bit with them. One fine day, Pinu is thrown in to a daze as he walks away from the restaurant ...he has discovered a totally new fear that he might be gay On a mission now, Pinu goes on a rampage seeking available women for a sexual rendezvous. However, it leads to him suffering another string of tragicomic situations, ending up feeling humiliated."] ["Savitri's  twin baby sons are snatched by notorious criminal Gama Mating  who demands a ransom in exhange for returning the sons to Savitri. Inspector Bhargav  comes to the aid of Savitri, but is himself killed in the process while trying to save Savitri's twin sons who remain in Gama Mating's clutches and he goes on the run with them. After Inspector Bhargav's death, Savitri brings up Bhargav's son, Vikram, as her own son. Many years later, Vikram  has grown up to be a police inspector like his dad. And Savitri's two children who Savitri has not seen since their kidnapping have grown up to be Public Prosecutor Avinash and underworld criminal named Junior . As a child Gama Mating lost Avinash while he was on an outing and Avinash was found and adopted by a lawyer. Junior was brought up by Gama to become a sharpshooting hitman. Gama Mating uses Junior as his hitman to kill off whoever he wants and Avinash is blamed each time for the killings. Avinash is also coincidently the best friend of Vikram. Vikram begins to suspect that Avinash is not all he seems when a witness  identifies Avinash as one of the men involved in a heist. Avinash protests his innocence and after many misunderstanding it is discovered that his twin brother Junior is behind all the killings and robberies and that he is working for Gama Mating. Vikram also discovers that his father had been killed by Gama Mating when he was just a child so he sets out to avenge his father and reunite Savitri with her two sons."] ['Five college friends badly in need of money kidnap a wanted criminal and get caught between the police and mafia. Superstar Mohanlal makes a special appearance in this movie.'] ['The film portrays a young jail warden, Adinath, who rehabilitates six deadly prisoners released on parole into persons of virtue. He takes these notorious, often surly, murderers and makes them work hard with him on a dilapidated country farm, rehabilitating them through hard work and kindly guidance as they eventually produce a great harvest. The film ends with the death of the warden at the hands of the minions of a corrupt enemy who wants no competition, in the profitable market he controls. This film takes the viewers through several scenes that set a strong moral lesson that through hard work, dedication and concentration a person can accomplish anything. Also this film explains that if a person focuses all of their energy, day and night, on a worthy cause, of truth and purity, success is guaranteed.'] ["Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai is about one Sooraj Dhanrajgir , a rich playboy lightening the financial burden of his industrialist grandfather  by spending his riches on alcohol and women. His grandfather calls him back for some official work back home, beginning with a hotel project in Ooty. There his true character emerges as he starts running after pretty women. The first one he lays his eyes on is Komal . He convinces her that she is his childhood friend and sweet-talks her into falling for him. But soon she sees him for the player he is and walks out on him.  For once, Sooraj is smitten beyond infatuation and, knowing she runs a boutique in a hotel somewhere in Bombay, he goes through the hotels of the city until he locates her. He tries his best to win her back but fails. Sooraj's grandfather steps in to ease the situation and asks her to marry him. Komal agrees, on one condition that he would have to give up his playboy status and become straight: He would have to quit smoking, drinking and women for her to marry him. Sooraj, not quite the man he was, gives up every bad habit he has. One day Sooraj returns home and he finds a boy, Kabir , claiming to be his son. Tests prove that Kabir is indeed his son, but Sooraj doesn't even remember the mother . Kabir shows him a photograph which Sooraj helps identify the women he had a fling lasting a few months. He brings the boy back, identifying him as his friend's child. Sooraj learns to like him and gradually, understanding his mistake, he recognizes him as his son. But Kabir does not like Komal. Kabir is unhappy to learn that Sooraj never really loved his mom. Later Sooraj has to choose between Komal and Kabir. Sooraj is about marry Komal, but he knows that he cannot hide the fact that Kabir is his son from Komal. He falls into a dilemma. His friend Mahesh  suggests he should tell the truth to Komal about Kabir before their marriage if he really loves her. He tries several times to speak to Komal about Kabir, but circumstances do not allow him to convey his message. The day on which Sooraj and Komal are to get married, he lands at her house before mahurat with his grandfather, Mahesh and Kabir. He accepts his mistakes that he made in life and tells Komal and her family that Kabir is his son. On hearing this Komal's family gets angry and demands Sooraj disown Kabir if he wants to marry Komal. Sooraj refuses to do that and prefers his son over his love. Komal hails Sooraj's honesty and agrees to accept Kabir as her son and to marry Sooraj."] ["Mili  is a story about a girl who has a dreadful ailment, still she's ever lively and spreads happiness in everyone's life. She becomes an inspiration to her new neighbour Shekhar  who is a drunkard and always depressed. With her cheerful ways she changes Shekhar and he falls in love with her. But he does not know of her ailment. When he comes to know about it, he thinks of going away as he cannot bear to see her die. But as he loves the girl, so he offers to marry her and take her abroad for her treatment."] ["Rajesh Malhotra  is the son of a wealthy businessman Dhanraj Malhotra . However, he is not happy at his home since his father does not let him live his life his way. He escapes from his home and reaches Europe. Meena  is the granddaughter of Dinanath  and has secured a scholarship to study in Europe. She travels to Europe with her aunt Shannu . In the beginning of the movie, Govinda is shown getting dressed up in his car itself on the way to his office to save time. This scene is taken from The Trouble with Mr. Bean, an episode from the Mr.Bean television series. Rajesh and Meena meet and fall in love. Dhanraj Malhotra reaches Europe in search of his son with assistant Sharma  and discovers his son is in love. They return back to India so that Rajesh and Meena can get married. However, destiny has something else in store for them. As Dhanraj is on his way to discuss about his son's marriage, he accidentally splashes sludge on a pedestrian and both end up quarreling. To Dhanraj's surprise, the pedestrian unfortunately turns out to be Dinanath himself, who, raged with the incident, refuses to Dhanraj's proposal of his son's marriage. Dinanath's house has a problem. They are a joint family and recently the servant Babu  ran away. They are now in search for a new servant. Rajesh, on realising that his father did a mess up of the meeting with Dinanath, decides to disguise as a servant named Raju and work at Dinanath's home. Everybody in that home has some problem or the other, which Raju  solves through his wit. Dinanath's elder son Vidya Nath  is teacher in a local college, but is always late and bears the College Principal's brunt. Raju helps him when he is about to be transferred. Diannath's second son , is an insurance agent but does not have many customers. Raju helps him by asking all employees in his father's office to open insurance policies with Vidya Nath. The younger son, Pappi  is a struggling music composer. Raju makes him prepare some good music which he uses as his own and gets a break for a film's music. The elder daughter, Shanno is not in good terms with her husband, so stays away from him in her father's home. Raju makes her meet her husband and unites them again. The younger granddaughter, Dimple  is a party animal. Raju one day saves her from few rowdies and she turns into a homely girl. Dinanath is impressed with Raju's acts but one day he finds some valuables missing from his house. Police arrive and find Dhanraj, in the guise of a Chowkidar , hiding behind the fridge. Raju and Dhanraj are insulted by the family members and are about to be taken away when Meena reveals Raju's true identity and the sacrifices he has been through for his love. Dinanath realises of Meena and Raju's true love for each other. In the last scene, as he is going in his car along with Meena to Dhanraj's place, Dhanraj comes along with Rajesh in their way and nearby sludge comes splashing over Dhanraj, thus completing Dinanath's revenge. Rajesh and Meena get married."] ['Natha Das ManikPuri , better known as Natha, is a poor farmer from the village of Peepli in "Mukhya Pradesh", who struggles to farm enough money for his family made up of his elder brother, Budhia Das Manikpuri , his wife, Dhaniya  and his ailing mother, Amma , who spends most of her time lying down and screaming at Natha and Dhaniya. Natha and Budhia often pretend to go out farming when actually they save up whatever money they have to buy alcohol. This has left the whole family famished and now the banks are demanding repayment of loans or else the family will be stripped off their land and house. In the meantime, the Mukhya Pradesh Government have called a by-election due to continuous criticism of their blind eye towards the desperate poverty that surrounds India\'s largest state. The opposition Apna Dal Party believe they have a chance to form the government in this election as the people have lost faith in the long-serving Sammaan Party and its Chief Minister, Ram Babu Yadav  who, along with Federal Agriculture Minister, Saleem Kidwai , believes in the industrialization of rural areas. To save his land and to save his family from becoming homeless, Natha, encouraged by his brother, decides to commit suicide after he attends a session with the rural headmen for help and they suggest him that committing suicide is a good way to get money waived off, after which his family will receive heavy compensation for his death. While Natha and his brother are discussing the same at a local tea stall, this news gets reported by Rakesh, a local reporter from Peepli. This report then gets picked up and highlighted by the national English news channels and reaches the Chief Minister. The media starts surrounding Peepli sensing the possibility of a sensational suicide story. One ITVN journalist particularly keen on filming the event of Natha\'s death is Daytime Presenter, Nandita Malik . She joins the local reporter Rakesh Kapoor  and takes desperate measures to interview Natha and his family on the subject of Natha\'s suicide. However things get more tricky when rival Hindi news channel, "Bharat Live" finds out about Natha and Peepli. The news channel clashes with ITVN and each try to film Natha\'s death in their own manner. The Sammaan Party also soon discover Natha\'s plans and try to buy off Natha with sops to prevent him from committing suicide. Opposition Parties like the Apna Dal and the CPI also get involved and plan to use Natha as a path to power in the elections. Peepli soon becomes the centre of attention across Mukhya Pradesh. Nandita\'s frantic attempts to interview Natha get worse when Rakesh does not find Natha or anyone else in Peepli to interview. She seems unimpressed with Rakesh\'s compassionate stand towards Natha and believes that as reporters their duty lies in reporting and following the news and nothing else. On the other hand, "Bharat Live" continues to be successful in their attempts to interview. Yet as time goes on, Natha does not die. Meanwhile the Sammaan Party realize that if Natha commits suicide, they will lose the elections. The rural headmen secretly kidnap Natha and hold to ransom for money from the opposition. Yet their plans are foiled when Rakesh discovers Deepak and his men holding Natha hostage at a Peepli barn. A rush occurs when people from Apna Dal, the CPI, ITVN, Bharat Live and Peepli villagers all rush to find Natha. In the confusion, a spillage accident from a Petromax lamp sets fire to the barn, which explodes and Rakesh is killed. The Government officials mistake Rakesh for Natha and refuse to pay Natha\'s family the compensation money due to the death being an accident. Meanwhile Natha is in fact alive and flees to Gurgaon and is seen working as a daily laborer in the construction industry. His family loses their land to the bank.'] ['The central premise of the film rests upon the relationship between Munna Bhai  and the image of Mahatma Gandhi  who teaches him the principles of Gandhian philosophy. Munna is helped by his sidekick, Circuit  who speaks with him in Bambaiya Hindi, a dialect specific to the Indian city of Mumbai. At the beginning of the story, Munna is in love with the voice of Janhavi , a radio jockey. He devises a plan to meet her when she announces a contest featuring the life and beliefs of Mahatma Gandhi set for 2 October—Gandhi Jayanti, a national holiday celebrating the birth of Gandhi. Circuit helps Munna win the contest by kidnapping and then bribing a group of professors. As the winner, Munna is granted an interview with Janhavi wherein he presents himself as a professor of history and a Gandhi specialist. Janhavi subsequently asks Munna to present a lecture on Gandhi to a community of senior citizens who live in her home, called the "Second Innings House". In order to prepare for this event, Munna engages in a period of intense study at a Gandhi institute. For three days and nights , Munna reads about the life and ideologies of Gandhi. It is during this period that the image of Mahatma Gandhi , addressed by his nickname "Bapu" , appears and offers help and advice to Munna. He encourages Munna to tell the truth about himself to Janhavi, but does not succeed for much of the film. Gandhi continues to appear each time Munna sings Raghupati Raghava Raja Ram . With Gandhi\'s help, Munna succeeds in impressing Jahnavi and cultivates a new lifestyle based upon Gandhism , which transforms everyone with whom he comes into contact. Munna starts to co-host a radio-show with Janhavi and Gandhi\'s image, guiding his audience to use Gandhigiri  to solve everyday problems. Several subplots in the film highlight the power of Gandhigiri. One of the most prominent of these details the story of Lucky Singh  and his daughter Simran . Lucky is an unscrupulous businessman who employs Circuit and Munna Bhai to conduct underworld activities for him. His daughter, Simran, is engaged to marry Sunny , the son of the powerful businessman Kkhurana . Kkhurana is superstitious and his activities are controlled by his astrologer, Batuk Maharaj , whose particular use of numerology led Kkhurana to add an extra "K" to his real name  as well as to the conclusion that the "Second Innings House" would be the most auspicious place for Sunny and Simran to live. Maharaj also convinces Kkhurana to reject the marriage between Simran and Sunny when it is revealed that Simran is considered to be a manglik . Lucky appropriates the "Second Innings House" by sending Munna to Goa  and then blackmailing him to let the matter pass or risk losing his love Janhavi. In response, Munna launches a "non-violent" protest to reclaim the house. He calls this protest "Get Well Soon, Lucky" and asks his radio show\'s audience to send Lucky flowers  to help him recover from the "disease of dishonesty". It is during this time that Munna decides to tell Janhavi the truth . Heartbroken, Janhavi leaves Munna. Munna receives another setback when he is tricked by Lucky into revealing his conversations with Gandhi before a public audience. At this conference, he finds that only after he has learned something about "Bapu"\'s life can the Gandhi image talk about it, which serves as proof for a psychiatrist in the audience that Munna is delusional. Gandhi\'s monologue at the end of the film, however, questions this conclusion. Munna, despite these defeats, continues to use Gandhigiri, a decision which transforms Lucky, revives Janhavi\'s affection, and resolves Simran\'s marriage. Lucky Singh eventually becomes a student of "Gandhigiri" and is greeted by Gandhi\'s image not long after he has begun to study "Bapu"\'s life. Immediately he calls for a photograph to be taken of them together; this perplexes the photographer, who cannot see the Gandhi image. Additional subplots include the story of Victor D\'Souza , a youth who, having lost his father\'s  money in the stock market, promises to earn back the money by working as a taxi driver. Both Victor and his father are advised over the telephone and over the radio by Munna during this interaction. It is Victor who returns Simran to her family when she had fled to escape her father\'s shame and had heard the advice of Munna. Another includes the story of a retired teacher who, having been denied his pension, offers everything he owns to the corrupt official in the pension office in order to shame him. In this manner, the application of Gandhi\'s concept of satyagraha  to day-to-day modern life  was the central thematic issue of the film. The film also tackled issues related to social justice such as the impact of superstitions caused by astrology and numerology on daily life. Khurana\'s own soothsayer is disgraced when Munnabhai challenges him to foretell his own future.'] ['Aditya Kashyap , the son of a recently-deceased famous industrialist, demoralized by his mother\'s public affair and subsequent departure, gets even more depressed after attending the marriage of the woman he loves to another man. Feeling ashamed to face the world, he walks out of the wedding, boards a train at night, and appears on the verge of committing suicide. While on board, he meets Geet Dhillon , a lively and talkative young woman who is leaving Mumbai to go to her hometown, Bhatinda in Punjab. Initially, Aditya finds Geet very irritating, and every meeting becomes mental torture for him. She discloses big plans of eloping with her boyfriend Anshuman , as she fears resentment from her parents. Geet irritates Aditya to the point where he leaves the train. In trying to get him back on the train, she ends up missing it and finds herself stranded on a desolate station, Badnagar, with no luggage or money. She confronts Aditya and tells him that he is now responsible for getting her safely to her house in Punjab. Both of them begin an idyllic journey through the exuberant North Indian heartland, making their way via buses, taxis and camel-carts to reach her house. Through spending so much time with Geet, Aditya begins to feel good about life again. On arrival, Geet\'s family  mistakes the two for lovers, but they quickly assure them that there is nothing of the sort. Aditya tells her family he is a musician to avoid being recognized as the famous industrialist, and her family accepts this. A few days later, Manjeet, an old childhood friend of Geet\'s who wants to marry her, arrives as her suitor. While he is there, Geet leads him to believe that there is something intimate going on between her and Aditya, and successfully dissuades him from following through with the match. Later that night, Geet runs away from her home, along with Aditya, to marry Anshuman in Manali. However, Geet\'s sister sees them running away together and informs the entire family. The two hurriedly make their escape, but this confirms the suspicion in Geet\'s family that they are lovers. The two escape to Manali together, and then part to continue on their separate ways. Upon returning to Mumbai with a new conviction and positive outlook on life because of Geet\'s influence, Aditya guides his company to extreme success. Around nine months later, he launches a new product, a calling card named "Geet", as he has now fallen in love with Geet. Geet’s family sees this launch on TV and runs to Mumbai to meet Aditya. Aditya is shocked to learn that Geet has not returned home. He takes it upon himself to find her and return her to her family. He returns to Manali, where he expects her to be with her new husband. Instead, he finds that Anshuman had turned her out to the streets and refused to marry her. After chastising Anshuman for what he did to her, Aditya leaves and finally tracks Geet down in Shimla, shocked to see what she has become: a quiet, reserved, and miserable schoolteacher. Convincing her to face her circumstances, he manages to bring her back to normal life, and things start to look up for her again. However, Anshuman arrives and tries to patch up their relationship, claiming he realized he was a jerk. Initially, Geet does not want to accept his apology, but Aditya pushes her to be with him, even though he loves her too. All three then travel back to Bhatinda to unite Geet with her family, and to announce that Geet and Anshuman are together. However, upon their arrival, the family again assumes that Geet and Aditya are together and in all the confusion, there is no chance to right the family\'s misconceptions. While trying to clear the misconception, situations make Geet realize that she is in fact in love with Aditya, not Anshuman. She then confesses her love to Aditya, and the couple get married and have two daughters.'] ["Samir  is a very successful doctor: He not only looks after his patient's maladies, he also looks after his female patients' hearts. Most women fall for him and his irresistible charms. The only person who has not fallen for him is his dutiful nurse Naina . Whenever a girl gets too close to Samir and starts talking about marriage, he sends her off by telling her he is already married. However, one day, he meets Sonia , a beautiful young woman and Samir is smitten. He lies to her about having a wife, but the marriage is failing. When she learns of his 'wife', she wants to meet her. Samir introduces Naina, as well as her niece and nephew, as his wife and children. Samir then arranges a fake divorce from his fake wife with the help of his best friend, lawyer Vicky  who, despite having a steady girlfriend , frequently flirts with Naina. To complicate things further, Samir's mother  suddenly appears and doesn't want her son get divorced from Naina . And then, there is Sonia's neighbour Pyare , who does not want Sonia to marry Samir: He wants Sonia for his own and she seems to like him, too. The web of lies around everyone grows thicker and thicker, but finally, Samir is able to persuade Sonia to marry him. But before the altar, she makes him realize that she isn't the right wife for him; he is in love with Naina who has proved her love since she played along, pretending to be his wife. Samir agrees and rushes to the airport, because Naina wants to escape to Canada, while Sonia gets married to Pyare. At the airport, Samir arrives in time: He convinces Naina to stay and she agrees. The movie was inspired by the 1969 Hollywood movie Cactus Flower."] ["Arun Anand  has been married for several years now, but his wife  is unable to conceive. Arun has an affair with his personal secretary, Kiran , and as a result Kiran gets pregnant. Arun does not want a scandal to upset his wife, so he asks an impotent union leader, Pratap Singh , to marry Kiran, sire the child, and then divorce her, all for a hefty sum of money. Pratap agrees to this arrangement, and soon a boy is born. Pratap then changes his mind about divorcing Kiran, as her son is proof of his virility and manhood, and as such disappears from Arun's life. Years later Kiran's son has grown up and named Varun Singh . Arun finally finds out about them and meets them, but is rejected by Varun, who has come to accept Pratap as his father. There is a confrontation between Pratap and his employer, Thakur , and as a result, Varun is abducted, tied to a tree with four wild elephants who are made to drink alcohol, and after which will go on a drunken and virtually unstoppable rampage - starting with the gory death of the person nearest to them - Varun."] ['Seven people mysteriously win a free vacation. On the way to their destination, the plane has engine trouble and they are left abandoned in a remote seaside location along with the steward Anand . The location is haunted by a female singing a song whom noone seems to find. They find shelter in a large mansion inhabited by a comical butler Mehmood. One by one, they are murdered and the remaining vacationers try to figure out why they were chosen for the trip and what they have in common.'] ['Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited is an imaginary take-off of an ordinary love triangle with a touch of Shesher Kobita. Amit is Rajarshi , an internationally celebrated film director who is about to make a film called Mon Amour, to be produced by a French production house, a relocation of Tagore’s novel to contemporary Kolkata. He comes to Kolkata from London on a brief sabbatical. Lavanya has two identities in this film. She is called Brishti , who teaches literature in high school in her real persona, and Tilottama in Rajarshi’s imaginary world of dreams, nightmares and memories. Shovanlal is called Indrajeet , an industrialist who Brishti married on the rebound when she felt Rajarshi had ditched her to go to London to study filmmaking. The three meet in Rajarshi’s rented apartment in Kolkata, where he has come purportedly to scout for his new film but, in reality, to rediscover his past with Brishti, his present with Tilottama, and his friendship with Indrajeet.'] ["The movie opens with DySP Prabhakara Varma  observing the local police force during a training drill. Another officer approaches him and informs him that he is needed at a recent crime scene, and they depart immediately. Varma arrives at the home of Ouseppachan ([[Janardhanan , a local businessman, and sees the body of Ouseppachan's daughter-in-law, Omana ([[Lizy  on the grounds behind the house, in an apparent suicide. He is then introduced to Omana's husband Sunny, her father-in-law Ouseppachan, Ouseppachan's son-in-law Johny ([[Vijayaraghavan , Ouseppachan's best friend Narayan, and several of the household servants and neighbors . The initial report conducted by the first responders concluded that Omana had committed suicide by flinging herself from the roof of the two-story house onto the stone pavement below. Varma questions the members of the household as well as neighbors and servants about Omana's relationship with her husband Sunny . Sunny admits to arguing with Omana the night she died and throwing her onto their bed before leaving to drink, but swears he never hit her. He also tells Varma that Omana had attempted suicide before. Ouseppachan claims he came home from a business trip that night, dropped off by his driver, Vasu , only to find himself locked out of the house. He decided to go around the back to where the cook's quarters were located when he stumbled upon Omana's body. Dissatisfied with inconsistent testimonies from several suspects, Varma immediately suspects foul play and is determined to find the truth. The next morning, the Regional Medical Officer  concludes that Omana died from head trauma at 8pm the previous night. Omana's cousin Chacko ([[Mukesh , a police officer working under Varma, finds this autopsy report suspicious and tells Varma and Officer Alex  why he has doubts to its accuracy. He informs them that it rained severely until 9:30pm the night Omana allegedly committed suicide, and if she had died at 8pm, her corpse would have been wet, and the blood from her injury would have been mixed in with the rain water. Alex, who is taking bribes from Ouseppachan, warns Ouseppachan to do what he can to get Varma and Chacko off the case. Sensing that Varma will cause him trouble, Ouseppachan implores his best friend, Narayanan , a local politician, to call his politician friends  to have Varma transferred off the case and onto Rural. They also managed to transfer Omana's cousin, Chacko to Traffic. A new Dy SP, Devadas , takes over the case. Devadas, who is also being bribed by Ouseppachan, intimidates Omana's grieving family and any witnesses that may implicate Ouseppachan or Sunny. He quickly concludes the investigation stating that Omana committed suicide. Omana's father Thomachan  and her sister Annie ([[Urvashi  are determined to seek justice for Omana. They implore the CBI to re-open the case and find the truth. The Director of the CBI assigns Sethuraman Iyer  to head the investigation. He is assisted by Sub-Inspector Harry  and Sub-Inspector Vikram . Iyer and his team find evidence of political interference in Omana's murder investigation, citing an increased amount of phone calls to Ministers and Party Leaders from Narayan's phone number, and thousands of rupees worth of cash withdrawals from Ouseppachan's bank that were never reported in the books. Iyer meets with Varma and Chacko who help him with his investigation by informing him of inconsistent testimony from suspects and the inconsistencies with the Regional Medical Examiner's autopsy report. Later that week, Iyer and his team bring two dummies the same height and weight as Omana to Ouseppachan's house. They take the dummies to roof and drop one straight down as if it jumped, and threw the other off the roof as if someone had thrown the body. They find that Omana's body landed approximately around the same place as the dummy that was thrown, and concluded that she could not have jumped that far off the roof on her own. Next, they decide to track down Ouseppachan's driver, Vasu, who has been missing since the morning after Omana's death. Harry finds out that Vasu had given a local banker some jewelry as collateral for a loan. Among the jewelry was a bracelet belonging to Omana, which immediately put all suspicion on Vasu. They finally find him and take him into custody, where he confesses that shortly after he got home after dropping off Ouseppachan the night of Omana's death, Narayan came to his house and told him that Sunny had accidentally killed Omana during a domestic dispute. Vasu then said Narayan and the others implored him to carry Omana's body from her bed to the roof and fling her off. It was during a moment alone with Omana's dead body that Vasu had noticed her gold bracelet and decided to steal it, before throwing her corpse of the roof. Despite Vasu's testimony implicating Sunny as the killer, Iyer is not convinced. Sunny had left the house at 8pm after hitting Omana and that would mean that she died at 8pm. However, Iyer examines photographs of the crime scene and finds that Omana still bled when she was dropped off the roof some 2 hours later, and since dead bodies do not retain heat thus causing the blood to clot, she could not have died at 8pm. Upon scrutinizing the photographs further, Iyer notices a small blood stain on Omana's saree below the waist. Since the autopsy report stated that she sustained no injuries below the waist, Iyer is convinced that the blood was left behind by the real killer. After testing the blood they find that it is O-negative, a rare blood type. Remembering that the town had imposed mandatory blood tests on all its citizens recently by the local authorities to combat malaria, Iyer goes to the Malaria Research Center and finds that the blood type was so rare that only two people in the entire town had it. In the final scene, Iyer arrives at Ouseppachan's house with a large police backup unit and places Ouseppachan under arrest for the murder of Omana. Shocked, Ouseppachan vehemently denies killing her, but Iyer would not relent. Seeing his father being arrested for a crime he committed, a guilt-ridden Sunny confesses to Iyer that he killed Omana accidentally by hitting her too hard when they fought. Iyer tells Sunny that Omana did not die when he hit her, that she only fainted. Iyer then goes on to explain the blood on Omana's saree, which did not match her own, was left behind by the real killer. He informs them that only two people in the entire town were O-negative and one of those two people is Johny, Ouseppachan's son-law. Confronted with evidence for his involvement, Johny confesses that he had come to the house the night Omana had died. Finding her passed out on the bed, he attempted to rape her, but when she woke up and started screaming, he suffocated her to death. In the process he accidentally cut himself and left his blood on her saree. Thomachan and Annie thank Iyer, Harry and Vikram for their hard work and dedication and bringing Omana's killer to justice. The movie ends with a reference to Sukumaran Kurup, a real life notorious fugitive wanted in India for murder, who to this day is still on the run."] ["Major Jaidev Rajvansh  and his fellow officer Hussein  manage to rescue a leading politician as well as capture his kidnapper, Abhrush . The terrorist has been wanted for years and he is finally captured by the two officers. Jai returns to a joyous welcome, and is declared a national hero. He takes a break from the army and returns to his hometown. There he meets his childhood friend Anjali  who has always harboured love for Jai. Anjali wants to make most of Jai's holiday and tries to get close to him and spend time with him as much as she can. At a party, he meets the then Miss India, Pooja Mallapa . As they spend more time together, they begin to fall in love. In the mean time, Jai's parents are arranging his marriage to Anjali but when they find out about Jai's love for Pooja, they realise that they have to tell Anjali everything. Anjali, heartbroken and jealous wants revenge as Jai rejected her. Realising her frustration with Jai, Abrush takes advantage  and together they plot to destroy Jai's reputation and life. Anjali manages to steal certain important secret documents detailing plans for Abrush's movement from prison to prison. The following events lead to Jai being court martialed and he is declared a traitor to the country. Pooja leaves him alone due to family pressure. Jai, determined to prove his innocence and redeem himself, decides to pursue Abrush alone. Ultimately Anjali comes to her senses and realises her mistake. To atone for it, she single-handedly tries to thwart Abhrush's plans and help Jai prove his innocence. Jai overpowers Abhrush. Finally Jay expresses his love for Anjali and forgives her and both unite."] ['Orphaned Raju, in the company of four elephants, has to perform with them at street corners, in order to keep alive. The back-story is that as an orphan, they have saved his life from a leopard. In time, he makes it big, and starts Pyar Ki Duniya , a zoo in which various wild animals reside along with his elephants, among whom Ramu is closest to him. Slowly he amasses a fortune, and is able to build his own private zoo, housing tigers, lions, bears, and of course the four elephants. He treats all the animals as his friends. He meets with Tanu, and both fall in love. Tanu\'s dad, Ratanlal, is opposed to this alliance, but subsequently relents, and permits the young couple to get married.He falls in love with Tanu , but her rich dad  agrees to their marriage only after some persuasion. However trouble looms soon after as Tanu feels neglected. Things worsen when their child is born, and Tanu, fearing physical harm to her child from the elephants, tells Raju to choose between the elephants and his family. Tanu is unhappy with the amount of time Raju spends with his animal friends, and this causes some bitterness between them. Things do not improve when a child is born, as Tanu fears that one day the child will be harmed by one of the animals, and hence Raju is told to make a choice between his animal friends or his wife and son.When Raju chooses his lifelong friends over wife and son, Ramu decides to bring the estranged couple together, but thanks to the villainous Sarwan Kumar , he has to sacrifice his life. The original name of "Haathi Mere Saathi" was "Pyaar Ki Duniya ".'] ["Bose, the eponymous hero  is a commando in the army. When a Union Minister  is kidnapped by terrorists, Bose goes on a daring rescue operation and manages to pull it off. And that is enough for the Minister to have him as his personal security guard. Up close with the Minister, Bose gets to know his other  side. When the Minister tries to misbehave with a college girl  in Delhi, Bose rises up in anger. In trying to save her, he ends up shooting the Minister. Though he escapes with some injuries, the Minister gets Bose sacked from the Army. Distraught and disconsolate, Bose lands in Chennai and meets the girl he saved in Chennai . Upon meeting her, the duo the natural thing ---fall in love. But they have the villain's goons on their track. The Minister is waiting for revenge. After some fights, the Minister's men bump off Bose's father  and kidnap his family members and his ladylove. But by then, Bose also stumbles upon the links of the venal Minister with terrorist outfits , so he goes on a fight to finish. And finally all is well and Bose is also reinstated in the Army."] ["Apparao  is a poor man who manages to live his life happily by taking loans from every person he knows. He meets a pretty lady constable by name Subba Laxmi  and fells in love with her. He meets a astrologer by name Sastri who sees his customer's legs in order to predict their future. Sastri has a brother with iron leg who if present around him while he is predicting future, will always brings the opposite of what he has predicted for his customers. Once Apparao goes to Sastri for his future and to fulfill his doubt regarding marriage with Subba Laxmi. Sastri's brother comes to meet him while Sastri predicts Apparao will get married with Subba Laxmi. Seeing his brother he realizes and informs Apparao that the opposite is going to happen and that Subba Laxmi will die if he marries her. He also explains a way around if Apparao wants to marry Subba Laxmi. The rest of the story is regarding the troubles Apparao puts in order to marry Subba Laxmi."] ["The plot begins with Shiv  and Pooja  who are in search for a job and they happen to be giving the interview on the same day in the same company and both are equally qualified to get the job.At the interview venue when Pooja sees that with Shiv it will be difficult for her to get the job she fools him and gets the job.But later on when Shiv too gets a job in that company he comes to know that Pooja fooled him.After a lot of pranks and fun they fall in love and happily get married to each other but sometimes can get into the most petty arguments coming from the way they approach life. Shiv takes each day as it comes whilst Pooja's imagination sometimes gets the best of her. Pooja gives up her high rising career for him and settles as a housewife.They go on their honeymoon to Switzerland and there they meet Meghna  who happens to be Shiv's college friend.One day when Shiv returns from a conference and finds that Meghna is stuck in the road since her car is damaged.So Shiv decides to give a lift to Meghna since they happen to be staying in the same hotel.On account of the weather getting worse, they are unable to return to the hotel on time on account of which they have to end up staying in a hotel midway.The in-difference between Shiv and Pooja gets worse when Shiv ends up spending the night with Meghna. Pooja overhears them talking about how they should put their one-night stand behind them. Shocked and disturbed she asks for a divorce straight away and leaves him.Pooja then moves to Mumbai where she gets a job as the secretary of Raj  who is a filmstar.Raj has everything anyone could ask for: money, fame, but not love.She happily works as his secretary and Raj falls in love with Pooja and she also likes him.One day they go for shooting in Naini Hills and Pooja finds that Shiv happens to be the manager of the hotel where they stay.Pooja tells Shiv that she can still not forgive Shiv for what happened in the past.Raj requests Shiv that he needs to be the best man in his wedding.So Shiv decides that he will not interfior in Pooja's life anymore.But on the day of the wedding Pooja realizes that she is still in love with Shiv and should have forgiven him.Raj overhears this and decides to reunite Pooja and Shiv.They both get married again and live happily ever after."] ["The story is about Gaurav Gupta [Ajay Devgan], a successful rich businessman, who started with nothing and now believes that only money can fuel his ambitions. When he interests himself on building a tower at a abandoned social village place, he makes his mind up and agrees to build the tower on any cost. However, the owner of the village place, Shrikant [Jawed Sheikh] does not accept the tower to be built. Therefore, Gaurav charms Shrikant's son Jaidev [Shahid Kapoor] who is infected by the get-rich-quick virus. Jaidev, who while respecting his father's philosophy, falls hook, line and sinker for Gaurav's gilt-edged dreams. Gaurav uses his girlfriend Natasha [Bipasha Basu] to charm Jaidev with her love and pretend to be in love with him so Jaidev could support them instead of his own father. However, Shrikant still hopes that Jaidev will return to his roots. Jaidev also leaves his girlfriend Madhavi [Amrita Rao] for Natasha. But Jaidev's world turns upside down when he realizes the true plan of Gaurav and Natasha, and as he escapes from their trap, Gaurav sets an attack on him. Gaurav's henchmen attack Jaidev and end up stabbing him. He gets severely injured.However Madhavi cures him and takes care of him. During his recovery Jaidev realizes his mistakes and promises to teach GG a lesson. Jaidev recovers, and Gaurav, who is now on his own, uses his full power to take down Jaidev and Shrikant. However, according to Shrikant's philosophy, truth always beats lies. Who will win this war of greedy vs nature?"] ["Smitten by the glamor of Mumbai, two friends, Benny  and Babloo  land up in distinctly different jobs - Benny as the bellboy of a five-star hotel and Babloo as a waiter in a ladies service bar. Benny believes his job is better than Babloo's and makes fun of him on many occasions. Benny's pride fades away as they both realize that even though their job may look different on the outside, they're quite similar on the inside. Benny witnesses several criminal activities at the hotel, from drug abuse to political fiascos while Babloo sees the human side of the ladies bar. The truth stares them in the face that five-star hotels are worse than ladies bars.Benny And Babloo PreviewKay Kay Menon And Rajpal Yadav In A New Avtaar"] ['Jay Verma  lives in Bombay. He is an honest, unemployed youth who cannot arrange for his mothers treatment. He happens to meet underworld goons looking for such frustrated people and they force Jay into the world of terrorism. R.B the uncrowned king of terrorrism, orders Jay to be killed when he revolts. Jay flees to Sharjah and undergoes plastic surgery to begin a new life. He returns to India as Ajay Kahnna , meets his ex-lover Radha  and marries her. They have a baby boy, Ravi Khanna. Ravis parents want him to become a police officer to do away with traitors, but they themselves end up becoming a target instead.Indian Classics: Vishwa Vidhata {{Infobox album}}'] 