['Micky Ward  is an American welterweight boxer from Lowell, Massachusetts. Managed by his mother, Alice Ward , and trained by his older half-brother, Dicky Eklund , Micky has not had a particularly successful career: He\'s become a "stepping stone" for other boxers to defeat on their way up. Complicating matters, Dicky, a former boxer whose peak of success was knocking Sugar Ray Leonard down in an HBO televised match, has fallen apart since his early success, becoming addicted to crack cocaine. He is now being filmed for an HBO documentary he believes to be about his "comeback". On the night of an undercard fight in Atlantic City, Micky\'s scheduled opponent is ill, and a substitute is found who is 18 pounds heavier than Micky. Despite Micky\'s reservations, his mother and brother agree to the terms so that they can all get the purse. Micky is soundly defeated by the much heavier fighter in an obvious mismatch. Frustrated with his career and embarrassed by his defeat, Micky tries to retreat from the world and forms a relationship with Charlene Fleming , a former college athlete who dropped out and became a bartender. After several weeks, Alice arranges another fight for Micky, who, concerned it will turn out the same as before, shows serious hesitation. His mother and seven sisters blame Charlene for his lack of motivation. Micky mentions that he\'s received an offer to be paid to train in Las Vegas, but Dicky says he will match the offer so he can keep training and working with his family. Dicky then tries to get money by posing his girlfriend as a prostitute and then, once she picks up a client, impersonating a police officer to steal the client\'s money from their wallet. This is quickly foiled by the actual police and Dicky is arrested after a chase and a fight with them. Micky intervenes to try to stop the police from beating his brother, but a police officer breaks his hand before arresting him. At their arraignment, Micky is released but Dicky is sent to jail. Finally fed up, Micky washes his hands of Dicky. On the night of the HBO documentary, Dicky\'s family, and Dicky himself in prison, are horrified to see it is High on Crack Street: Lost Lives in Lowell, a documentary about how crack addiction ruined Dicky\'s career and life. Devastated, Dicky begins training and trying to get his life together in prison. Micky is lured back into boxing by his father, who believes Alice and his stepson Dicky are bad influences. Gathering the other members of his training team and finding a new manager, Sal Lonano, they convince Micky to return to boxing with the explicit understanding that his mother and brother will no longer be involved. They place Micky in minor fights to help him regain his confidence. He is then offered another major fight against an undefeated up-and-coming boxer. During a prison visit, Dicky advises Micky on how best to work his opponent, but Micky feels his brother is being selfish and trying to restart his own failed career. During the actual match, Micky is nearly overwhelmed at the beginning but, remembering his brother\'s advice, alters his strategy and is eventually triumphant; he earns the title shot for which his opponent was being groomed. Upon his release from prison, Dicky and his mother go to see Micky train. Assuming things are as they were, Dicky prepares to spar with his brother, but Micky informs him that he\'s no longer allowed per Micky\'s agreement with his current team. In the ensuing argument, in which Micky chastises both factions of his family, Charlene and his trainer leave in disgust. Micky and Dicky spar, brought to an abrupt end when Micky knocks Dicky down. Dicky storms off, presumably to get high again, and Alice chides Micky, only to be sobered when he tells her that she has always favored Dicky. Dicky returns to his crack house, where he says goodbye to his friends and heads to Charlene\'s apartment. He tells her that Micky needs both of them and they need to work together. After bringing everyone back together, the group goes to London for the title fight. Micky scores another upset victory and the welterweight title. The film jumps a few years ahead, with Dicky, as talkative as ever, crediting his brother as being the creator of his own success.'] ['In a typical English working-class town, the juveniles have nothing more to do than hang around in gangs. One day, Alan Darcy , a highly motivated man with the same kind of youth experience, starts trying to get the young people off the street and into doing something they can believe in: Boxing. Soon he opens a training facility which is accepted gratefully by them and the gangs start to grow together into friends. Darcy manages to organize a public fight for them to prove what they have learned. A training camp with hiking tours into the mountains of Wales forge the group into a tight-knit club society. With the day of the fight drawing closer, the young boxers get more and more excited.'] ['A Scottish miner  becomes unemployed during a union strike. He is unable to support his family and cannot resolve his bitterness about his situation. Desperate for money, he accepts an offer made by a Glasgow gangster to fight in an illegal bare-knuckle boxing match. A long and brutal fight follows. Filmed at locations in Coalburn, Glasgow and Spain.'] ['Visiting the Russian Federation for a series of boxing matches, George "Iceman" Chambers is subsequently framed for possession of cocaine and sent to prison. There, he discovers a series of illegal full-contact Mixed Martial Arts matches dominated by inmate Yuri Boyka. The prison officials arrange these fights and place large side-bets to make a personal profit, often at the expense of the fighters. Once inside, the warden and legal adviser for Chambers state that if he fights Yuri in the ring, he will likely get an expedited appeal and early release. He initially refuses, but after spending time in demeaning physical labor in the prison\'s sewer system and experiencing firsthand the brutality of the guards, he reluctantly agrees. He is rescued from both forms of humiliation by a crippled inmate, Crot . Both fighters train hard for the match, though Chambers still relies on his boxing background while Boyka prepares a series of deadly kicks, throws, and grappling combinations designed to humiliate his opponent in the ring. Prior to the fight however, Boyka\'s friends force George\'s cellmate, Steven, who is acting as his cornerman, to spike his water with a light sedative during the fight. During the fight, Chambers is somewhat taken by surprise at the flurry and variety of Boyka\'s attacks, but manages to hold his own through the first round by keeping his distance, staying calm, and dealing out painful punching combinations whenever possible. At the end of the first round, Steven slips the drugged water into Chambers\' mouth and he takes a few sips. During the second round, he starts to lose his focus and begins taking more and more punishment until Boyka knocks him out with a devastating flying kick. Following the fight, Steven kills himself out of guilt. After the fight, Chambers  confronts Boyka, believing that he was responsible for drugging him, and the warden, for going back on the deal. Boyka coldly tells him that he does not need drugs to win, and the warden denies knowledge of the deal. Upon learning of the truth, Boyka is furious, believing himself to be the first practitioner of the "ultimate fighting form,". Chambers asks for a rematch mainly to ensure his release. He makes a bet that he can defeat Boyka to win his freedom, though the officials also offer a substantial cash incentive to make sure that Chambers trains hard. Chambers seeks help from Crot, who then reveals that he helped train Boyka in his fighting style. Crot is actually a former soldier and martial arts expert who committed murder in order to protect his family. However, he feels this guilt so acutely, as well as a feeling of alienation from his family, that he has resigned himself to permanent confinement. Even so, his desire to see justice for both Chambers and Boyka inspires him to reeducate Chambers in mixed martial arts techniques. Working together, the two practice grapples, holds, and kicks which stretch Chambers\' abilities. As the training continues and Chambers improves, the two begin to form a bond and relate their individual philosophy of fighting. Chambers begins to extend his mental discipline from the ring into his private life, while Crot begins catching some of Chambers\' ambition, specifically the narrow and slim hope that he might one day be released and reconcile with his family. Near the end of the training, Crot teaches Chambers a devious leg Joint lock designed to end the fight. He somberly instructs Chambers to use it to its full effectiveness if he gets the opportunity. Since Boyka enjoys brutalizing his opponents and other inmates with a passion that borderlines on sadism, and his mixture of personal pride and high tolerance for pain make it unlikely that he will submit, Crot instructs Chambers not to hesitate and to break Boyka\'s leg to end the fight if he gets the chance. Chambers agrees, but privately believes that he can fight Boyka to a knock-out. Once the fight begins it is apparent to all the viewers that the combatants are much more evenly matched and Chambers is much more impressive in his style. The fight is long and intense, with flurries of combinations, grapples, and throws traded between the two. Eventually, Chambers realizes that Boyka will not lose consciousness, will not submit, and will likely knock him out if the fight goes on too long. Chambers alters his strategy and manages to get Boyka in the joint lock and ends the fight by breaking Boyka\'s leg, proving that he is the undisputed new champion of the prison. Shortly thereafter, Chambers is released from prison and uses his winnings to buy Crot\'s freedom as well. In a final scene, he wheels Crot, who is now cleaned up and in possession of several gifts, to a train station to meet with his estranged niece in a happy reunion. Crot thanks Chambers for giving him the remainder of the winnings to start his life again, while Chambers expresses his gratitude for the help and training. Crot then meets with his niece and the two embrace for the first time.'] ['Jimmy Connelly  is a milkman who is thrust into the spotlight after a brutal fighter, Pete Wright , gets injured. Under manager Herbie Bush , Jimmy must fight the middleweight champion of the world, Jose Mendez . It includes numerous references to Rocky. Within the lead up to the fight with Mendez, Jimmy has to take part in a press conference, in which Bush recommends him to give Mendez fighting talk. However, this leads to Jimmy being seen as a fascist and a disgrace to England after being seen as racist. After Jimmy realises the harm Bush has caused, he calls off the fight. As Bush and the training team look for Jimmy, they find him cleaning his old milk cart. In a negotiation to help the town in order to fight, Jimmy is persuaded to participate. In the locker room, minutes before the fight, as Jimmy and his crew walk backstage, Wright holds a shotgun to them, whilst the camera crew is also held hostage, filming the event. Wright leads them to a room were Jimmy is forced to fight Mendez, who is also held hostage. After getting substantially battered by Mendez, Jimmy manages to fight back, but then Wright smacks his head with the gun. Then Wright goes to shoot Mendez, leaving him praying for his life. Then Jimmy punches Wright, leaving him knocked out. With the film crew recording the event, Jimmy becomes a hero, not only in Britain, but his home town.'] ['Gabriel Caine , a con man, is released from prison in Winfield, Georgia and immediately gets to work on his next scam. Caine and his partner, Fitz , travel to a small town not far from the prison: Diggstown, a city obsessed with boxing. A mean-spirited man named John Gillon  owns almost all of Diggstown. He is feared by many but also respected because he was the former manager of Diggstown’s pride and joy, the once-famous boxer Charles Macom Diggs, the man for whom the town is named. Upon hearing a remark that Diggs once knocked out five fighters in one day, Fitz “drunkenly” says he knows of a fighter who could knock out any 10 in one day: Honey Roy Palmer. Gillon tries to take advantage of the situation and bets Fitz $100,000 that no one man can best ten Diggstown boxers in one day. Caine quickly volunteers to finance Fitz\'s bet and the con is on. Caine seeks out an old buddy, Palmer , who is now a 48-year-old YMCA supervisor. After some initial reluctance, Palmer agrees to participate and starts to train for the fight. Caine and Gillon agree to various conditions of the bet, with “one day” being 24 full hours and “Diggstown fighters” being able to come from any surrounding area of Olivair County. A loan shark backs Caine\'s bet, with the understanding that his health and welfare will be riding on the outcome. Caine discovers that Gillon’s treachery  goes deeper than Diggstown people know. As his manager, Gillon drugged Diggs during a fight so that Gillon could collect on the opponent’s long odds. Diggs suffered irreversible brain damage as a result. With help from his prison buddy Wolf\'s sister ([[Heather Graham , it is learned that Gillon has more than $1.5 million in assets. Caine tricks him into risking all of it. Now it is up to Honey Roy Palmer to defeat all 10 of Diggstown\'s men. They begin with: -- Buck Holland, who is played by former Heavyweight Boxing Contender Rocky Pepeli who puts up a good fight, Palmer barely beats him. -- Slim Busby, who like his brother, Hambone, has been bribed by Caine to take a dive. -- Billy Hargrove , who is easily beat. -- Sam Lester, who is secretly given a laxative before the fight and eventually runs from the ring. -- Hambone Busby, who, like his brother, has been bribed to take a dive. Gillon, however, threatens to kill Hambone’s brother, Slim, unless he is victorious in the ring. Hambone fights a vicious fight, but ultimately loses. Slim is indeed found murdered. Palmer is enraged. His next fight is with Sonny Hawkins, who is easily dispatched. Robby Gillon, the son of John Gillon, approaches the ring next, but then backs out under instructions from his father. His cowardice is regarded as a forfeit. Frank Mangrum officially loses to disqualification after kicking Palmer in the groin, then hitting the referee. Tank Miller, a gargantuan fighter, is next. He puts up a good fight, but a tiring Palmer eventually beats him. That brings up Diggstown\'s best man, Hammerhead Hagan, the only fighter ever to actually beat Palmer during their professional careers. He is brought in as a surprise ringer. Gillon moved him in as a county resident just before the bet rules were established, meaning that Hagan can legally fight. The bout is one-sided. Palmer looks done for, but he gets new motivation after seeing Diggs, who is sitting courtside, move his hand slightly . Caine, not wanting to see his friend die, attempts to throw in the towel, but Palmer catches it and throws it back. Palmer rallies to knock out his opponent. Palmer, Caine and Fitz begin their celebration of this miraculous feat. They are cut short by Gillon, who notes that his son never entered the ring -– therefore, only nine fights have transpired. The true tenth fighter is then introduced: Minoso Torres, a tough-as-nails boxer who ruled the boxing underground in the prison from which Caine was recently released. No one has ever defeated him. Gillon admonishes Caine with: "Never try to hustle a hustler." An exhausted Palmer is no match for Torres. But just when all looks lost, Caine whistles at Torres, gets his attention, straightens his tie and does a thumbs-down gesture . Torres drops his gloves and invites Palmer to hit him, hitting the canvas, knocked out. Caine was expecting such a trick from Gillon and bribed Torres long ago for a moment like this. Gillon has lost everything. Calm at first, he snaps and pulls a gun. His son, Robby, tries to intervene and Gillon smacks him. Palmer then grabs Gillon and prepares to deck him. Instead, he turns to Hambone, claiming, "My hands hurt." Hambone gladly obliges and delivers Gillon a powerful knockout blow. Caine congratulates Palmer: "What you did," he says, "couldn\'t be done." To which Palmer replies, "Now, you motivate me".'] ["Alain Lefevre  is a French boxer in 1920's Marseille, France. Alain is forced by local crime boss Lucien Galgani ([[Jim Carter  to take a dive in a fight. Galgani's girlfriend Katrina  is also Alain's ex-fiancée whom he left standing at the altar. But Katrina forgives Alain, and the two hatch a plan to run off to America together. Alain does not take a dive in the fight, but just as the escape plan is about to succeed, Alain's friend gets killed, and Katrina is captured by Galgani's men. But Alain has shot and killed Galgani's brother. Desperately needing a new escape plan, Alain signs up for the French Foreign Legion, and is shipped to North Africa to help defend Morocco against a native Berber rebellion of Rif warriors, led by Abd el-Krim. Along the way, Alain meets some new friends, including Luther, an African American who has fled injustice in the States, Mackintosh, a former British Army Major with a gambling problem, and Guido, a naive Italian boy who wishes to impress his girl back home by returning as a hero. But things will not be easy. The only real way to escape from the Legion is to survive the term of service, and the rebels have them outnumbered. Galgani has sent his hired thugs into the Legion as well, to find Alain and get revenge for the death of Galgani's brother. In the end, only Alain stands up alive after the battle and Abd el-Krim seeing Alain's courage and determination allows him to live and tells him to inform his superiors what's waiting for them if they continue the colonization. Finally the movie ends with Alain's memory of Katrina and his former friends."] ['Rocky Balboa  and his trainer Tony "Duke" Evers  are in their dressing room after the Drago fight. Tony praises Rocky for his victory and for honoring Apollo Creed\'s memory, but Rocky, seen to be in some form of severe physical discomfort, asks Tony to summon his wife Adrian . His hands are shaking, and he cannot make them stop. In distress, he mistakenly calls out for "Mick", the name of his deceased former trainer, Mickey Goldmill. Rocky returns home from the Soviet Union and is greeted by his son, Robert . At a press conference, a promoter named George Washington Duke  tries to goad Rocky into fighting Union Cane, the new #1 contender for the championship in Tokyo, but with Adrian insisting on her husband\'s retirement, Rocky decides, at least for the time being, not to take the fight with Cane. Rocky, Adrian and Paulie  return home to find that Paulie had unknowingly signed a \'power of attorney\' over to Balboa\'s accountant, who had, in turn, squandered all of Rocky\'s money on bad business deals . Now bankrupt, Rocky decides to take the fight with Cane, but having suffered significant brain damage during the Drago bout, he can no longer fight without further risking his health and officially retires. Rocky is then forced to move back into his old working-class Philadelphia neighborhood, where he and his family must try to start their lives all over again. The only thing Rocky doesn\'t lose is Mickey\'s gym, which Mickey had willed to Robert. Rocky then begins training boxers at Mickey\'s gym, Adrian gets her old job back at the pet store across the street and Paulie goes back to the meat packing plant. Things start to look up when Rocky meets a hungry young fighter from Oklahoma named Tommy Gunn  and takes him under his wing. Training the young fighter gives Rocky a sense of purpose, and Tommy fights his way up the ladder to become a top contender. Rocky eventually becomes so distracted with Tommy\'s training that he winds up neglecting Robert who becomes withdrawn and angry. He falls in with the wrong crowd at school and as a result, he begins acting out at home. Meanwhile, Tommy\'s impressive rise through the ranks catches the eye of Duke, who uses the promise of a title shot against Cane  to lure him away from Rocky. Duke pulls up outside the Balboa house with Tommy in tow, who has now been deceived into thinking that Rocky doesn\'t have his best interests in mind. When Rocky tries to convince him otherwise, Tommy drives off in a huff, leaving Rocky for good. When Adrian attempts to comfort him, Rocky\'s frustrations finally boil over. He confesses his life had meaning again when he was able to live vicariously through Tommy\'s success. She reasons with him, telling him Tommy never had his heart and spirit – something he could never learn. When this realization hits him, Rocky embraces his wife and they begin to pick up the pieces. After finding Robert hanging out on a street corner, Rocky apologizes to his son and they mend their broken relationship. Tommy wins the heavyweight title by knocking out Union Cane in the first round, but is booed by spectators and hounded by reporters after the fight. They insist Cane was nothing but a "paper champion", because Cane didn\'t win the title from Balboa. Therefore, the public would never consider Tommy the real champion unless he fights a worthy opponent. With Tommy enraged by the press\'s reaction, Duke convinces Tommy he needs to fight Rocky man to man. Duke and Tommy show up at a local bar to goad Rocky into accepting a fight. But after Tommy hits Paulie, Rocky challenges Tommy to a street fight on the spot. Despite Duke\'s warnings to keep the fight in the ring, Tommy accepts. As the fight goes on, Rocky is eventually beaten down by Tommy and is seemingly out for the count. He then hears the voice of his old mentor urging him to get up and get back in the fight, to go just "one more round". Rocky gets back up and, utilizing his vast street fighting knowledge, is able to knock out his former protégé. Afterwards, Duke commends Rocky, trying to appeal to him. Duke threatens to sue if Rocky touches him, but after a brief hesitation, Rocky punches Duke in the gut anyway, knocking him onto the hood of a car. The crowd cheers as the bankrupt Rocky shrugs and quips "Sue me for what?" The next day, Rocky and Robert take a trip to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and Rocky gives his son Rocky Marciano\'s cuff-link, given to him years ago as a gift from Mickey. The film ends with a shot of Rocky\'s statue looking out over Philadelphia.'] ['Strength and Honour tells the story of an Irish-American boxer, Sean Kelleher , who accidentally kills his friend in the ring and promises his wife that he will never box again. However, years later, when he discovers that his only son is dying of the same hereditary heart disorder which has taken his wife, he is forced to break his promise in order to raise the substantial funds needed for the surgery that could save his son’s life. Strength and Honour is a story of hope and love, sacrifice and devotion, set against the violent underground world of Irish bare-knuckle boxing.'] ['Billy Flynn, an ex-boxing champion, is now a horse trainer in Hialeah, Florida. He makes just enough money to raise his little son T.J., who Flynn has custody of his son after his wife Annie left him seven years ago. T.J. worships "The Champ," who has gambling debts and begins working on a comeback to give his boy a better future. Suddenly Annie shows up again and wants to become a part of T.J.\'s life.'] ['Stoker Thompson  is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. Tiny , Stoker\'s manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn\'t tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the fourth and last round of the vicious boxing match with the much younger and heavily-favored Tiger Nelson , Stoker learns about the fix. Even though he learns that Little Boy , a feared gangster, is behind the set-up, Thompson refuses to give up the fight and mushes on. Thompson wins the vocal support of blood-thirsty fans who had at first rooted against him. In the end, he defeats Nelson, but Little Boy has Stoker\'s right hand broken as punishment.'] ["This documentary is a self-discovery of a matured Mike Tyson, who reflects on his highly controversial and publicly viewed life. It begins with clips of 20-year-old Tyson's convincing World Boxing Council Heavyweight Championship win over Trevor Berbick, then explores the fighter's upbringing and motivation. It is revealed that he had a fractured family life and difficult childhood in Brownsville, Brooklyn, where his crimes led him to Tryon School for Boys in Johnstown, New York. A father-son relationship with his first professional trainer and only father figure in his life, Cus D'Amato, is expressed as Tyson chokes back tears. He reveals his vulnerability when he relates the fear that he felt when D'Amato died in 1985. Tyson was only 19 years old when he lost the one real parental figure in his life. Tyson eventually unified the WBC, WBA and IBF title championship belts, becoming the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. This turned into a traumatic event that was the root cause of Tyson's many personal issues. Tyson makes it apparent that his great stardom at only the age of 20 was a blessing for him but also a curse. From his great achievements at such a young age to the eventual tangled web of his existence, Tyson is able to expose his contrasting flaws of mental instability, immaturity, lust for women and fear, all of which explain his downfall as a boxer and his controversial life. In the end, having fought a battle with fear in order to fight for his respect, Tyson is shocked by the outcome: a renewed respect for life and family."] ['Charley Davis, against the wishes of his mother, becomes a boxer. As he becomes more successful the fighter becomes surrounded by shady characters, including an unethical promoter named Roberts, who tempt the man with a number of vices. Charley finds himself faced with increasingly difficult choices.'] ["Former Irish pugilist Danny Flynn  returns home to Belfast from a 14-year stint in prison. Weary of the unbroken cycle of violence in Northern Ireland, he attempts to settle down and live in peace. After meeting his drink-sodden old trainer Ike , Danny starts up a non-sectarian boxing club for boys in an old gymnasium. While fixing up the old building, however, he runs across a cache of Semtex hidden underneath the stage. He throws the cache into the river. Danny's action infuriates Harry , a bitter and ruthless IRA lieutenant. Harry feuds with Danny, assassinating the kindly police officer who donates equipment to the boxing club. The murder causes a riot at one of Danny's boxing matches. During the riot, the gymnasium is burned down by Liam, the young son of Maggie, who thinks Danny and his mother are going to elope. Danny has been reconnecting with an old flame, Maggie , now married to an imprisoned IRA man and required by IRA code to remain faithful to him. Their relationship dominates much of the film. Harry sees Danny and Maggie's relationship as a way to undermine the authority of her father, Joe Hamill ([[Brian Cox , the grim but war-weary IRA district chief who is working for peace. Finally, Harry and some other IRA men kidnap Danny and take him away to be executed. Then, in a last-minute twist, the IRA gunman shoots Harry instead of Danny, thus eliminating a rogue agent. Maggie with Liam her son in the car pick up Danny and they all drive home together."] ["In 1890s San Francisco, boxing is illegal. James J. Corbett , a brash young bank teller, attends a match with his friend Walter Lowrie . When a police raid nets Judge Geary, a member of the board of directors of Corbett's bank, Corbett's fast talking gets his superior out of trouble. The judge is looking to improve the image of boxing by recruiting men from more respectable backgrounds and having them fight under the Marquess of Queensberry rules. He has even imported British coach Harry Watson ([[Rhys Williams  to evaluate prospects. Watson finds that Corbett, raised in a combative Irish immigrant family headed by Pat Corbett , has excellent fighting skills; Geary likes his protégé's seemingly-polished manner. However, Corbett's arrogance irritates many of the upper class, particularly Victoria Ware . They clash frequently, but Corbett is attracted to her, and his limitless self-confidence and charm eventually overcome her distaste for him. Meanwhile, Corbett becomes a professional prizefighter. He acquires a manager, Billy Delaney , and introduces a new, more sophisticated style of boxing, emphasizing footwork over the unscientific brawling epitomized by world champion John L. Sullivan . After winning several matches, Corbett finally gets the opportunity to take on the great man. Corbett's method of boxing baffles Sullivan, and Corbett wins not only the title, but also Victoria. The victory over Sullivan, crowning Corbett as new Heavyweight Champion sets up one of most touching and best acted film scenes in Flynn's career. Corbett's victory party is unexpectedly interrupted by the defeated Sullivan. The former champ has come to personally bestow the championship belt to Corbett. It is Ward Bond's scene, , on paper, but Flynn's masterful underplaying, showing just the right amount of humility and respect for his fallen foe is something to behold and proves beyond a doubt Flynn possessed considerable acting skills."] ["Set in Atlanta, it follows Clyde Williams  and Billy Foster  as a pair of blue-collar workers who are trying to raise funds for the Brothers and Sisters of Shaka. They decide to rig a boxing match in New Orleans. They use hypnotism to convince underdog boxer Bootney Farnsworth  that he is a highly skilled prize fighter. He fights and defeats the champion, 40th Street Black . Williams and Foster clean up after betting Farnsworth. The pair return home, and all is fine until the gangsters who lost money betting on the other guy figure out the scam and come to Atlanta, to get the pair to do it again...or be killed. Unable to enter Farnsworth's training room to dehypnotize him, which in turn would cause him to lose the fight, Williams and Foster decide to bet on the match being a draw, and place bets with both gangster groups. They then enter 40th Street Black's training room and successfully hypnotize him. Both fighters end up simultaneously knocking each other out, and Williams and Foster are able to collect their bets before the gangsters discover what happened."] ["Victor, the youngest and largest of the Carboni brothers , becomes a local wrestler  at the request of Cosmo, who thinks there is big money to be made. Lenny agrees to manage his career. They look to Victor to win enough matches so they can get out of Hell's Kitchen for good.  Each brother has his own style. Cosmo is a hustler and con-artist, always looking for the next easy buck. Lenny is the former war hero, now an undertaker who came back to the neighborhood with a limp and a bitter attitude. Victor is a gawky, strong, dumb yet sincere hulk of a man, who leaves his job hauling ice up tenement stairways once he is persuaded to become a wrestler. Initially, it is Cosmo that dominates the proceedings, aggressively encouraging Victor to wrestle against the wishes of his girlfriend. Lenny is at first unsure of all this, and constantly tries to warn off Victor, reminding him that he could get hurt. As the story progresses, the roles begin to reverse. Cosmo becomes concerned for Victor's welfare and feels guilty about getting him into this while Lenny becomes ever more keen to exploit Victor as far as he can. Lenny seems to undergo a complete personality change, losing his cool demeanor and becoming an aggressive, manipulative high roller. In the end, Victor wins a big wrestling match in a rainstorm and the brothers are reunited."] ['The film begins with Cassius Clay before his championship debut against then heavyweight Sonny Liston, in the pre-fight weigh-in Clay heavily taunts Liston  but Liston vows to "Fuck him  up". In the fight Clay is able to dominate the early rounds of the match, but halfway through the fight Clay complains of a burning feeling in his eyes  and says he is unable to continue. However, his trainer/manager Angelo Dundee gets him to keep fighting. Once Clay is able to see again he easily dominates the fight and right before round seven Liston quits, therefore making Cassius Clay the youngest heavyweight champion at the time. . Cassius Clay then changes his name to Muhammad Ali after converting to the Nation of Islam, and travels to Africa with Malcolm X. Ali continues to dominate as champion, until he is stripped of the title and sent to jail for his refusal to be drafted during the Vietnam War. His conviction is later overturned, and attempts to regain the Heavyweight Championship against Joe Frazier. Frazier wins, giving Ali the first loss of his career. After Frazier loses the championship to George Foreman, Ali fights Frazier again, this time winning. Ali goes to Zaire to face Foreman for the title. While there, Ali has an affair with a woman he meets named Veronica Porsche . After reading rumors of his infidelity through newspapers, Ali\'s wife travels to Zaire to confront him about this. Ali says he is unsure as to whether he really loves Veronica or not, and just wants to focus on his upcoming title shot. For a good portion of the fight against Foreman, Ali leans back against the ropes and covers up, letting Foreman wildly throw punches at him. As the rounds go on, Foreman tires himself out and Ali takes advantage. He quickly knocks out the tired Foreman, and the movie ends with Ali regaining the Heavyweight Championship of which he was previously stripped.'] ['Hillary Kramer , a successful perfume magnate awakes one morning to find that her accountant has robbed her blind and left for South America. Going through all of her remaining assets she finds a boxer, purchased as a tax write off. She decides to take Eddie "Kid Natural" Scanlon  who is much more at home giving driving lessons, into the ring and use him as her key to riches. Eddie thinks this will only get him killed and resists. Eventually, Hillary wears Eddie down and she gets funding  for his first fights, all of which go awry, either through Hillary\'s lack of knowledge about boxing or Eddie\'s out-of-shape condition . All the while, Hillary and Eddie continue sparring on their own, thanks to their different personalities. But, as time  go on, they develop an increasingly personal relationship, which ultimately leads them to have to decide what they really want.'] ['Ward Guisenberry ([[Wayne Morris  is a sweet and naïve young man. He is working as a bellhop so that he can save enough money to buy a farm. However, during his first night at work, while trying to protect “Fluff” Phillips , he inadvertently becomes involved in a fight. Soon, he is part of the dangerous world of boxing and is called Kid Galahad. Nick Donati  is his tough talking manager. Although he initially views Galahad as a joke, he soon realizes that Galahad has potential. He attempts to use Galahad to retaliate against Turkey Morgan , a racketeer who sets up a fixed championship bout. Complications soon emerge when both “Fluff,” Nick’s girlfriend, and Marie Donati , Nick’s sister, fall in love with Galahad. Infuriated, Nick turns against his boxer… leading to a tragic conclusion.'] ["The film opens with the ending of its predecessor, Rocky, with Apollo Creed  successfully defending his world heavyweight title courtesy of a split decision. Both fighters are taken to the same hospital due to the extent of their injuries from the match, where Apollo challenges Rocky  to a rematch in front of press. Rocky declines and declares his retirement, his decision supported by his girlfriend, Adrian , and doctors, who reveal he will require surgery for a detached retina which could lead to permanent blindness. After Rocky is discharged from the hospital, he begins to enjoy the benefits of his life's changes resulting from the match: Rocky's new fame attracts him an agent who sees Rocky as a potential endorsement and sponsorship goldmine and his sudden wealth encourages him to propose to Adrian. She happily accepts and they marry in a small ceremony. Soon after, Rocky and Adrian happily learn that Adrian is pregnant with their first child. Meanwhile, fueled by hate mail he has started to receive, Apollo becomes obsessed with the idea that a rematch is the only way to prove that Rocky's performance was simply a fluke. Determined to rectify his boxing career's only blemish, Apollo ignores all pleas by his friends and family to move on to other potential opponents and demands his team do whatever necessary to goad Rocky out of retirement and into a rematch. Rocky at first seems unaffected by Apollo's smear campaign, but his inexperience with money causes him to run into financial problems. After largely unsuccessful attempts to find employment, Rocky visits Mickey Goldmill , his trainer, at his gym to talk about the possibility of returning to the ring. At first, Mickey refuses, worried about Rocky's health, but changes his mind after Apollo publicly insults Rocky on television. News of the rematch quickly spreads with Adrian hearing about it through the news. She confronts Rocky about it and reminds him of the risk to his eyesight. Rocky argues he knows nothing else so this is the only way he can provide. Adrian, angry at Rocky for breaking his promise, refuses to support him. Rocky and Mickey begin training, but it soon becomes apparent Rocky is lacking motivation. Adrian's brother, Paulie , confronts his sister about not supporting her husband, but she faints during the confrontation and is rushed to the hospital where she goes into labor. Despite being premature, the baby is healthy but Adrian falls into a coma. Rocky blames himself for what has happened and refuses to leave Adrian's bedside until she wakes up, and will not go to see his new baby until they can see it together. When Adrian comes out of her coma, she finds Rocky by her bedside and the couple are shown their new baby, a boy, which they name after Rocky. Adrian gives her blessing to the rematch which enables Rocky to refocus on his training and he quickly gets into shape for the fight. The night of the fight arrives and Apollo has made a public goal of beating Rocky in no more than two rounds to prove the first fight going the full 15 rounds was a fluke. Rocky is not able to mount much of an offensive effort through the first two rounds but manages to survive them disproving Apollo's theory that the first fight's result was a fluke. As before, the fight once again reaches the 15th round, by which point Apollo has built a lead on points that Rocky cannot possibly beat. However, Apollo's obsession with knocking Rocky out  leads him to trade blows with Rocky despite his lead. Rocky lands a devastating blow on Apollo that knocks the champ down, but an exhausted Rocky loses his balance and falls to the canvas as well. Rocky manages to stand up before the referee counts to ten, while Apollo is counted out. Rocky thus wins the fight by knockout and becomes the heavyweight champion of the world. In his post-fight announcement Rocky, who has won back the respect of his fans and his wife Adrian, humbly thanks Apollo."] ['Tommy Riley  stands in boxing gear in a dingy dressing room. There is a knock at the door and a voice calls out, "Are you ready?" The film flashes back seven months. Tommy is a former boxer who almost made the 2000 U.S. Olympic boxing team as a middleweight. He works laying computer cable and earns money on the side as a sparring partner in a local gym. His lack of motivation has led his girlfriend Stephanie  to move out. Marty ([[Eddie Jones  is a former boxer, now a high school teacher and boxing trainer/manager who had previously coached a fighter to a title shot, only to have the fighter leave him just before the fight. Marty and his business partner Diane  arrive at the gym where Tommy spars to scout his sparring partner. The fighter\'s manager instructs Tommy to make his fighter look good, but after he suffers a low blow, Tommy knocks the fighter out with one punch. The manager and the gym\'s owner angrily order Tommy from the gym but Marty and Diane chase after him, inviting him to train with Marty. Tommy\'s reputation and news of his return to the ring spark interest from promoters. After training some time, Marty and Diane set up a fight so that promoters can see him in action. He wins the fight but the promoter at ringside shows no enthusiasm. Diane gives Marty a tape of Tommy\'s 1999 Olympic trial fight. Tommy was ahead after two rounds but quit before round three because of a hand injury. Marty realizes that Tommy faked his injury because of the poor coaching and abuse coming from his stepfather, who was serving as his cornerman. Marty and Tommy talk about Tommy\'s stepfather and Marty\'s former fighter. Marty tells Tommy that boxing is a team sport and that Tommy will never be alone in the ring. Tommy\'s renewed motivation as a fighter leads to a reconciliation with Stephanie. Leroy Kane , the fighter who went to the Olympics instead of Tommy, wants a "tune-up" fight before his fight for the middleweight title. His scheduled opponent is injured and Diane sets Tommy up for the bout instead. The fight is in four weeks, so Tommy and Marty go to Marty\'s cabin in the woods to train without distractions. After several days, during a rubdown following a workout, Marty touches Tommy inappropriately. Tommy reacts strongly negatively and Marty apologizes. They agree to ignore the incident but return to the city ahead of schedule. On the night of Tommy\'s fight with Kane, Tommy and Marty plan to force Kane to exhaust himself pursuing Tommy until the seventh round and then put him away. The plan works and Tommy knocks out Kane in round seven. After the fight Marty plans to take everyone out for a celebratory dinner but Bob Silver , a big-time promoter, has watched the fight and, impressed, invites them all out. Marty declines and goes home, but later that night is taken to the hospital. Tommy rushes to the hospital and finds Diane there. He asks if Marty is in the hospital because of what happened at the cabin. Diane tells him that when Marty was a fighter, people threatened to expose Marty\'s homosexuality, so he ended his career by putting his hand through a window and damaging it. He became a teacher and his influence led Diane to make herself a success. When Marty is released, Tommy moves in with him temporarily to help him recuperate. Bob summons Tommy, alone, for a meeting. Bob offers him a million dollar three-fight contract on the condition that he leave Marty. Marty, Bob says, has a "tainted rep" in the fight game and represents an "element" that boxing will never be ready for. Tommy refuses the deal if it means leaving Marty. Diane and Marty both advise Tommy to take the offer but he still refuses. Stephanie and Tommy argue about the offer and Tommy drives Stephanie away. Marty tries to alienate Tommy by ignoring him during training and becoming verbally abusive. After Marty slaps Tommy several times during a training session, Tommy attacks him, yelling that if Marty ever puts his "faggot-ass hands" on him again, he will kill him. Later that night Tommy goes to Marty\'s place to apologize and to tell him that Marty can\'t make him go away. Marty refuses to take him back. Tommy reduces himself to offering himself to Marty sexually. Marty explodes at him, furious that Tommy would think that of him after all they\'d been through. The next morning, Tommy rushes back to Marty\'s house where he and a distraught Diane find Marty\'s body. He has committed suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. Tommy calls Stephanie to apologize and to tell her of Marty\'s death. The film returns to the opening scene. Tommy breaks down in tears but stops crying when, upon catching sight of a mirror, he sees the image of Marty standing behind him. He finishes dressing for the fight and, as he walks to the ring, hears Stephanie calling to him. He turns to her; they smile. He resumes his walk to the ring and the camera pulls back to reveal that he is dressed in Marty\'s old ring robe in tribute.'] ["B.J. Hammer is a boxer who rises up the ranks with help from the Mafia. However, Hammer doesn't realize that the help comes with a price: He is asked to throw a fight. Gangsters threaten to harm his girlfriend in an attempt to force him to go through with their plan. Hammer is forced to figure out a way to save his dignity and the life of his girlfriend, who has been kidnapped by gangsters."] ["Present day New York City: Sean MacArthur  is a street hustler. One day while selling counterfeit goods at the corner of Radio City Music Hall, a group of young men attempt to force Sean to relocate with his merchandise. These boys work for Harvey Boarden , a ticket scalper who controls the corner. Sean fights them off, but does not retain his money or products. Later, Sean sees Harvey and the guys who stole his money in a cafe and confronts them. Harvey gives him his money back and offers him a chance to a 'winner takes all' fight for money. Harvey sets up a meeting with his friend and rival, Martinez . Sean's first fight is at a Brooklyn church against a Russian. He wins when he knocks the Russian into a water fountain. Harvey takes Sean to a club where he meets a waitress named Zulay , a single mother to whom Sean had earlier tried to sell a fake Chinese Harry Potter book. In the VIP area to the club, Sean also meets Evan Hailey , a professional fighter who used to be on the same college team as Sean, and was coached by Sean's father. Sean and Harvey leave after Evan and Sean nearly get into a fight. Sean's second fight is at the back of a store in the Bronx, against a much larger opponent. The fight descends into chaos after interference from some of Harvey's crew when the opponent nearly chokes Sean, and the woman who owns the store pulls out a gun because one of the guys spills her drink. Harvey, Sean, and the rest of Harvey's crew flee the scene and neither fighter gets paid. For his third fight, Sean and the crew go to a penthouse. Sean wins the third fight. Between fights, Sean meets Zulay a few times, and they eventually have sex. Sean and Zulay are visited by Harvey and Sean is furious, suspecting Zulay and Harvey of having sexual relations. Harvey explains that Zulay places bets for him. Sean and Harvey are offered a fight against Evan, and Sean accepts, but Harvey wants him to throw the fight so that Martinez and his associates can make money. Sean agrees to throw the fight. Zulay places the bets, a total of $500,000. Sean and Evan fight, with Zulay, Harvey, and the rest of the crew watching. Evan has Sean in a choke hold and it appears that Sean is about to throw the fight; however, he fights back and overpowers Evan. Sean beats Evan and Martinez threatens Harvey. At Harvey's apartment, Sean reveals Zulay reversed the bets and they have one million dollars. Zulay picks up Sean and Harvey and they leave New York with Zulay's daughter and grandmother."] ['James J. Braddock is an Irish-American boxer from New Jersey, formerly a light heavyweight contender, who is forced to give up boxing after breaking his hand in the ring. This is both a relief and an upset to his wife, Mae: she cannot bring herself to watch the violence of his chosen profession, yet knows they will have no good income without his boxing. As the United States enters the Great Depression, Braddock does manual labor as a longshoreman to support his family, even after badly breaking his hand. Unfortunately, he cannot get work every day. Thanks to a last-minute cancellation by another boxer, Braddock\'s longtime manager and friend, Joe Gould, offers him a chance to fill in for just this one night and make a little money. The fight is against the number-two contender in the world, Corn Griffin. Braddock, however, stuns the boxing experts and fans with a third-round knockout of his formidable opponent. He believes that while his right hand was broken, he became more proficient with his left hand, improving his in-ring ability. Against his wife\'s wishes, Braddock takes up Gould\'s offer to return to the ring. Mae resents this attempt by Gould to profit from her husband\'s dangerous livelihood, until she discovers that Gould and his wife also have been devastated by hard times. With a shot at the heavyweight championship held by Max Baer a possibility, Braddock continues to win. Out of a sense of pride, he uses a portion of his prize money to pay back money to the government given to him while unemployed. When his rags to riches story gets out, the sportswriter Damon Runyon dubs him "The Cinderella Man", and before long Braddock comes to represent the hopes and aspirations of the American public struggling with the Depression. A title fight against Baer comes his way. Braddock is a 10-to-1 underdog. Mae is terrified because Baer, the champ, is a vicious man who reportedly has killed at least two men in the ring. He is so destructive that the fight\'s promoter, James Johnston, forces both Braddock and Gould to watch a film of Baer in action, just so he can maintain later that he warned them what Braddock was up against. Braddock demonstrates no fear. The arrogant Baer attempts to intimidate him, even taunting Mae in public that her man might not survive. When he says this, she becomes so angry that she throws a drink at him. She cannot bring herself to attend the fight at the Madison Square Garden Bowl or even to listen to it on the radio. On June 13, 1935, in one of the biggest achievements in boxing history, Braddock defeats the seemingly invincible Baer to become the heavyweight champion of the world. A graphic at the end of the film reveals that Braddock worked on the building of the Verrazano Bridge, and that he later owned and operated heavy machinery on the docks where he worked during the Depression. Also, he and Mae used the winnings to buy a house, in which they spent the rest of their lives.'] ['Margaret "Maggie" Fitzgerald, a waitress from a Missouri town in the Ozarks, shows up in the Hit Pit, a run-down Los Angeles gym which is owned and operated by Frankie Dunn, a brilliant but only marginally successful boxing trainer. Maggie asks Dunn to train her, but he angrily responds that he "doesn\'t train girls." Maggie attempts to win Frankie over by working out tirelessly each day in his gym, even when others discourage her. Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris, Frankie\'s friend and employee, encourages and helps her all he can. "Scrap" also narrates the story. Frankie\'s prize prospect, "Big" Willie Little, signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming impatient with Dunn\'s rejecting offers for a championship bout. With prodding from Scrap and impressed with her persistence, Frankie reluctantly agrees to train Maggie. He warns her that he will teach her only the basics and then find her a manager. His most important advice is that she should protect herself in the ring at all times. Before her first fight, Frankie leaves Maggie with another manager, much to her dismay, but rejoins her in the middle of the bout, and coaches her to victory. Maggie makes him promise not to abandon her again. Maggie turns out to be a natural. She fights her way up in the women\'s welterweight boxing division, winning many of her bouts with first-round knockouts. Estranged from his own daughter who returns his letters unopened, Frankie comes to establish an almost paternal bond with Maggie. Dupris becomes concerned when Frankie rejects several offers for big fights, though, and arranges a meeting for her with Mickey Mack, but she is loyal to Frankie, and is rewarded for her loyalty when he begrudgingly accepts a fight for her against a top-ranked opponent in the UK. He bestows a Gaelic nickname on her, which energizes the crowd, and the two travel Europe as she continues to win. Maggie\'s own white trash family cares little for her well-being. Maggie saves up enough of her winnings to buy her mother a house, but instead of being grateful, she berates Maggie for endangering her welfare payments and Medicaid benefits. She also belittles her daughter\'s success in the ring, saying that everyone back home is laughing at her. Frankie is finally willing to arrange a title fight. He secures Maggie a $1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada against the WBA women\'s welterweight champion, Billie "The Blue Bear", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty fighter. Overcoming a shaky start, Maggie begins to dominate the fight, but after a round has ended, Billie knocks her out with a sucker punch from behind. Before Frankie can pull the corner stool out of the way, Maggie lands hard on it, breaking her neck and leaving her a quadriplegic. At first, Frankie refuses to accept the bleak prognosis, but dozens of other medical opinions unanimously confirm there is no hope of recovery. He half-heartedly places the responsibility on Scrap for convincing him to train Maggie, but in the end blames himself. In a medical rehabilitation facility, Maggie looks forward to a visit from her family, though Frankie repeatedly calls them with no success. Eventually, the family arrives—but only after first visiting Disneyland and Universal Studios Hollywood—and with an attorney in tow. Their lone concern is to arrange the transfer of Maggie\'s assets to them. She sees through their transparent scheme and orders them to leave, threatening to sell the house, which they have not claimed in their name to continue receiving welfare payments, out from under them if they ever show their faces again. Frankie never leaves her side. He reads to her, urges her to go back to school and invites her to come live with him. As the days pass, however, Maggie develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation for an infected leg. She asks a favor of Frankie: to help her die while she can still remember the cheers she heard, saying she got what she most wanted out of life. A horrified Frankie refuses, but seeks the advice of his priest, Father Horvak, whom he has tormented for 23 years. Horvak warns him that euthanasia is a grave sin, and that he will be lost forever if he goes through with it. Maggie bites her tongue repeatedly in an attempt to bleed to death, but the medical staff saves her life each time and takes measures to prevent further suicide attempts. Frankie sneaks in one night. Just before administering a fatal injection of adrenaline, he finally tells Maggie the meaning of a nickname he gave her, Mo Chuisle : Irish for "my darling, and my blood" . He then disappears for good. Scrap\'s narration is revealed to be a letter to Frankie\'s daughter, informing her of her father\'s true character.'] ['While working as a barroom bouncer, sailor Steve Morgan  impresses alcoholic ex-boxing manager "the Professor"  with his skills. The Professor talks Steve into entering a prize fight with an up-and-coming boxer to make money for both of them. While out training on the road, Steve is nearly run over by a speeding car that crashes into a ditch. He carries nightclub singer Belle Mercer  out of the wreckage. Though she is attracted to him, she refuses to have anything to do with Steve. He learns where she lives and goes to see her anyway. He is too cocky to be concerned when she reveals that she is the girlfriend of well-known gangster Willie Ryan . When Willie finds out, Belle reassures him she is in control of her emotions. Willie is not so certain about that, but is too shrewd to have Steve killed out of hand by his bodyguard, whom he jokingly calls his "Adopted Son" . It turns out that he had cause for concern; Steve persuades Belle to marry him. Deeply in love with Belle himself and still hoping to get her back, Willie lets Steve live. Steve quickly rises through the boxing ranks. However, he cannot keep from fooling around with other women. When Belle catches him in a lie, she tells him that she loves him, but if he cheats on her once more, she will leave him. While waiting for a bout for the heavyweight championship of the world, Steve performs in a musical revue. When Belle unexpectedly goes to his dressing room, she finds a woman hiding there. It is the end of their marriage. She gets her old job back with Willie. Anxious to see the overconfident Steve humiliated, Willie finds out what is holding up the match with the current champion, Primo Carnera , and pays $25,000 to set it up. When the Professor tries to get Steve to train properly , Steve gets angry and slaps him, ending their partnership. The championship bout is refereed by boxing promoter and former champion Jack Dempsey . Belle, Willie and the Professor are all in attendance. For most of the ten-round fight, Steve gets pummeled by the much heavier Carnera. Finally, a distraught Belle urges the Professor to forget his wounded pride and go to Steve\'s corner to provide much needed advice. With his old friend and his ex-wife rooting him on, a heartened Steve makes a furious comeback in the final rounds. The match ends in a draw; Carnera retains his title. Later, Willie enters Belle\'s nightclub dressing room and tells her she is fired. Then he brings Steve in and leaves the couple alone to reconcile.'] ["Dan Barnes  is a former professional boxer who was retired from boxing after a growing weary of his violent existence. Now a school janitor, Dan tries to help a new student, Matthew Miller , who recently joined the new school and is being targeted by bullies. While Matthew learns how to box and stand up to his tormentors, one of whom is the school boxing champ , Dan's new found role as a teacher helps him come to terms with his tumultuous past."] ['Andy "Champ" Purcell  is the former world heavyweight champion, now down on his luck and living in squalid conditions with his eight-year-old son "Dink" in Tijuana, Mexico. Champ attempts to train and to convince promoters to set up a fight for him, but his efforts are consistently stymied by his alcoholism. Dink is repeatedly disappointed and let down by his father\'s irresponsible actions and frequent broken promises to quit drinking, but his utter devotion to his father nonetheless never wavers. In addition to his drinking problem, Champ is also a compulsive gambler, another vice which he repeatedly promises Dink he will surrender . After a winning streak, he fulfills a previous promise to buy Dink a horse, whom they subsequently name "Little Champ" and decide to enter into a race. At the track, Dink happens across a woman who, unknown to either of them, is actually his mother Linda. She is now remarried to Tony, a wealthy man who owns one of the other horses in the race. Linda and Tony observe Dink and Champ together and realize that Dink is her son. Champ allows Linda to see Dink, who accepts that she is his mother. But Dink feels no emotion toward her, as she has never been part of his life. Linda resolves to remove Dink from the negative atmosphere in which he\'s growing up and have him live with her family. Catching Champ during an all-night gambling binge, Tony asks him to turn Dink over so that Tony and Linda can put Dink into school. Champ refuses. As the exhausted Dink sleeps on a nearby table, Tony bluntly observes that Champ is not a good father. The night of gambling ends with Champ having lost Little Champ, which devastates Dink. Champ asks Linda for enough money to buy the horse back, and she gives it to him. But before he can buy the horse back, he starts gambling again and loses the money Linda loaned him. He also winds up in jail, breaking Dink\'s heart once more. Ashamed of his actions and with his spirit broken, Champ finally agrees to send an unwilling Dink to live with Tony and Linda. On the train ride home, Tony and Linda try their best to welcome Dink into their family. Dink does not dislike them, but he is consumed only by thoughts of his father. He runs away back to Tijuana, where he finds that Champ has a fight scheduled with the Mexican heavyweight champion. When he sees Dink, Champ immediately returns to good spirits. He trains hard for the fight and, for the first time, really does stay away from drinking and gambling. Champ is determined to win the fight, make Dink proud of him, and use his prize money to buy back Little Champ. Tony and Linda attend the fight, bringing genuine best wishes and assurances that they will make no further efforts to separate Dink from Champ. The match is brutal, and Champ is seriously injured. Dink and the others in his corner urge him to throw in the towel, but Champ refuses to allow that. He musters a last burst of energy, and knocks out his opponent. After the fight, he triumphantly presents Little Champ to Dink. But after witnessing his son\'s overjoyed reaction, Champ collapses. Champ is brought into his dressing room, where a doctor determines that his injuries are mortal. Champ urges Dink to cheer up and then dies, leaving Dink inconsolable. Despite the best efforts of all of the men and boys in the room, who one by one attempt to calm him, Dink continually wails, "I want the Champ!" Finally, Dink spots Linda enter the room. Dink looks at her, cries out, "Mother!" and runs into her arms. She picks him up and he sobs, "The Champ is dead, mama." She turns and carries him out of the room as he buries his face in her shoulder, crying.'] ["The film shows Rocco's childhood through his fight with his hero Joe Louis. After the Louis fight it flashes forward to his post career, leading up to his death in a 1969 plane crash."] ["In the 1930s, boxer Barney Ross wins the welterweight championship, then meets chorus girl Cathy Holland as he celebrates. Sam Pian, his trainer, learns that Barney placed a $10,000 bet on himself to win the fight. Cathy, a single mom of a young girl, Noreen, gets to know Barney, but is unaware of his gambling habit. When he loses to Henry Armstrong, he owes thousands to a bookie named Big Ralph and is forced to work in Ralph's bar to pay off the debt. Barney joins the Marines when war breaks out. He gets Cathy to marry him before leaving for the South Pacific, where, at 33, his heroism at Guadacanal saves another soldier's life and earns Barney a medal, the Silver Star. But he also contracts malaria, for which a medic prescribes morphine. Back home in Chicago, he is given a job with a public-relations firm by the father of the man whose life he saved. Barney is now addicted to morphine, however, and incurs a huge debt to Rico, a drug pusher. Cathy catches her desperate husband breaking into Noreen's piggy bank, so she moves out. Barney becomes suicidal. But when his wife returns to inform him that Rico has been arrested, Barney vows to beat his addiction if it is the last thing he does. He checks into a hospital in Kentucky while the whole country becomes aware of his plight. Four months later, Barney is permitted to leave, rejoin his family and resume his life."] ["Joe Palooka  is a naive young man whose father Pete ([[Robert Armstrong  was a champion boxer, but his lifestyle caused Joe's mother Mayme  to leave him and to take young Joe to the country to raise him. But when a shady boxing manager  discovers Joe's natural boxing talent, Joe decides to follow him to the big city, where he becomes a champion and begins to follow his father's path of debauchery, much of it including the glamorous cabaret singer Nina Madero . The film also stars William Cagney, the younger brother of actor James Cagney.  {{Empty section}}"] ['In the four and a half years since winning the world heavyweight title, Rocky has had a string of successful title defenses  and has seen his fame, wealth and celebrity increase. Now 1981, while unveiling a statue of himself at the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Rocky is publicly challenged by James "Clubber" Lang , a ferocious new boxer rapidly climbing the ranks. Lang accuses Rocky of intentionally accepting challenges from lesser opponents and after sexually insulting Rocky\'s wife Adrian , his challenge is accepted. Rocky\'s trainer Mickey  initially wants no part of it and admits to the champion that Lang was right, he had handpicked Rocky\'s opponents to protect him and to ensure Rocky remained successful and healthy. He also informs Rocky that Lang is young and hungry and that Rocky has no chance of beating him, as he has not retained his edge as a fighter. Rocky manages to convince Mickey to train him regardless, but his Las Vegas-style training camp is filled with distractions and Rocky clearly does not take the challenge seriously. Lang and Rocky meet at Philadelphia\'s Spectrum. During a melee before the fight, Mickey is shoved out of the way by Lang and suffers a heart attack. A now distraught Rocky wants to call the fight off, but Mickey angrily urges him on while he stays in the dressing room. By the time of the fight, Rocky is both enraged and severely distracted by his mentor\'s condition. The fight begins with Rocky pounding Lang with several huge blows, going for an early knockout, but the stronger and better prepared Lang is unfazed and quickly takes charge, dominating Rocky and knocking him out with a haymaker in the second round. Beaten, Rocky makes his way back to the dressing room and to the dying Mickey. Kneeling at his side, Rocky speaks to his friend, telling him that the fight ended in the second round by a knockout, which Mickey misinterprets as a win for Rocky, shortly before dying. Stopping by Mickey\'s closed gym, Rocky is confronted by his former nemesis Apollo Creed , who has witnessed the fight as a guest analyst, and offers to help train him for a rematch with Lang in exchange for "a big favor." At first, Rocky is too demoralized to put forth his best efforts which frustrates Apollo, but pulls himself together after Adrian helps him come to terms with Mickey\'s death. The rematch is held at Madison Square Garden in New York City. At the start of the fight, Rocky sprints from his corner, fighting with a level of skill and spirit that no one including Lang expected. As a result, Rocky completely dominates the first round, demonstrating his new-found speed. After the bell, Lang is in a fit of rage over what has just happened and has to be restrained by his trainers. In the second round, Lang gains the upper hand, and Rocky adopts an entirely different strategy that bewilders Apollo by intentionally taking a beating from Lang, and even gets knocked down at one point but manages to get up before he is counted out whilst taunting Lang for being unable to knock him out. In the third round, Lang  becomes increasingly angry and quickly exhausts his energy trying to finish Rocky off with repeated knockout blows, most of which miss the newly-agile Rocky entirely. Rocky taunts the champion in order to psych him out and the aggressive Lang is infuriated. He attacks even harder walking right into Rocky\'s trap. The tide turns and Rocky is able to overpower the winded and outboxed Lang, landing blow after blow and dodging attempted punches before knocking him out and re-gaining the heavyweight championship of the world. Afterwards, Rocky fulfills Apollo\'s vague "big favor": a private rematch with him. The film concludes with both of the fighters throwing their first punch simultaneously, but this time, they fight in the spirit of friendly competition rather than as fierce rivals.'] ['In 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American Jake LaMotta  practices a comedy routine. A flashback to 1941 shows his first loss in a major boxing match, against Jimmy Reeves. Jake\'s brother Joey LaMotta  later discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts . Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie  at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married. Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson once in 1943 and has another win three weeks later. Despite the fact that Jake dominated Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels he won only because he was enlisting into the US Army the following week. Jake is married to Vickie by 1947. As Jake\'s fears grow about Vickie having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he shows off his sexual jealousy when he defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como  and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which he has control over, he will have to take a dive first. In a match against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. Despite the suspension, he eventually wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan in 1949. A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and decides to leave. Jake directly asks Vickie about the affair and she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood  after he breaks down the bathroom door where she briefly hides from him. Jake angrily walks to Joey\'s house and brutally beats him up in front of Vickie and Joey\'s wife and children. After defending his championship belt in a brutal fifteen round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950,http://www.filmsite.org/ragi3.html he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up. Estranged from Joey, Jake\'s career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.http://www.tcm.com/thismonth/article/?cidmrqe By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami. After staying out all night at his new nightclub there, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce . He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls  to men and serves a jail sentence in 1957 after failing to raise enough bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 movie On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. After a stage hand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I\'m the boss" while shadowboxing. The film ends with a Biblical quote. This quote was a reference to Martin Scorsese\'s film professor, Haig Manoogian to whom the film is dedicated as he died just before it was released. Scorsese credits Manoogian with helping him "to see". :"So, for the second time, [the Pharisees] :summoned the man who had been blind and said: :\'Speak the truth before God. :We know this fellow is a sinner.\' :\'Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know.\' :the man replied. :\'All I know is this: :once I was blind and now I can see.\' :::John IX. 24-26 :::the New English Bible"'] ['{{plot}} George ‘Iceman’ Chambers, former Undisputed Heavyweight Boxing Champion, is convicted of rape and sentenced to a new prison in the desert called Sweetwater Prison. Chambers is quick to throw his status as a champion boxer. The prison however has a system where every 6 months, a boxing match between Sweetwater’s champion Monroe Hutchen  and other boxers from other prisons. Seeing Hutchen as the proverbial “Top Dog”, Chambers takes a cheap shot at Hutchen in the cafeteria and Hutchen is placed into solitary confinement. Mendy Ripstein , an elderly prisoner who has large influences in Sweetwater sees some potential to get a large sum of money if Hutchen and Chambers fight and asks his assistant Jesus Campos  to arrange for the fight to happen. The head guard  who runs the boxing events is easily persuaded but the warden is intimidated to go on a 2-week vacation and says that if Chambers and Hutchen fight in a ring, then he can’t stop them but it is to never be recorded or brought up ever after the bout. Chambers agrees to the bout only if he can get early parole and Ripstein makes arrangements for him. Ripstein comes up with the rules for the bout to be akin to the London Prize Fight Rules which is to be bareknuckle. Hutchen is let out of solitary confinement, well after he completes making a matchstick pagoda building  and starts to train for the fight against Chambers. Chambers’ manager Yank Lewis  is distraught about the conditions of the training grounds and the lack of referee and bareknuckle boxing style. Eventually, Lewis convinces Ripstein and Campos that a fight with gloves would have the match last longer and Ripstein agrees and allows 6 oz. gloves to be used. As training continues, Hutchen talks to Ripstein and convinces him to give Hutchen 40% of the winnings of the fight so he can give the money to his sister on the outside. Hutchen it turns out was committed to prison for life without the possibility of parole for beating a man to death with his boxing skills, deemed he could ‘Respond with Deadly Force’. Chambers has continued with his disrespecting of each gang in Sweetwater and each leader comes to Hutchen saying they will rig the fight to give Hutchen the edge. Hutchen refuses the chance and says he will take Chambers down and that “No matter how good you are, everybody can be beat.” Campos is also propositioned by Ripstein’s contacts, but he refuses as well saying this is Ripstein’s dream and he doesn’t want anyone messing with it. Fight Night comes and the prison waits for Hutchen’s chance to beat down Chambers. Iceman and Monroe start the fight just feeling each other out, both scoring damaging hits; then Iceman knocks Monroe down in the first round. Next round begins in the same fashion with Iceman and Monroe trading blows; again Monroe is knocked down and visibly hurt. Third round begins with Monroe taking more hits from Iceman, but Monroe dodges a right hook from the Iceman and counters with a left hook that staggers Iceman to the point of Monroe hitting him without defending himself and knocking him down for the first time in his fighting career. Iceman becomes furious and the next round begins. Monroe and Iceman continue to trade blows; Iceman throws another right hook with all of his power behind it but Monroe dodges and hits Iceman with a barrage of punches. After a devastating right hook, Monroe wins the fight via knockout. Three weeks later and Campos gives a monologue to the audience. Ripstein has died from from Chronic Liver Cancer, Iceman is given early Parole, Monroe Hutchen is moved to a nicer, larger and generally more accommodating cell. Campos is given $2 million in legitimate money, held in trust until his time is served and that he no longer has an excuse to be a criminal. Finally he tells the viewer that Iceman and his press team have denied that the fight with Monroe ever happened and it dissolved into rumors that Chambers ever lost. When the whole prison watches Iceman regain his \'World Champion\' Title on TV they all mock the announcer\'s claim that George is "Undisputed". As the prisoners chant his name again, Hutchen completes a Matchstick model of the golden gate bridge. A freeze frame occurs and a message appears next to Monroe\'s head, "Name: Monroe Hutchen Record: 69 wins 0 losses; Undisputed". The film then cuts straight to the end credits.'] ['In 1985, Ivan Drago , a highly intimidating 6-foot 5&nbsp;inch, 261-pound Soviet boxer, arrives in America with his wife Ludmilla , and a team of trainers from the USSR and Cuba. His manager, Nicolai Koloff , takes every opportunity to promote Drago\'s athleticism as a hallmark of Soviet superiority. Motivated by patriotism and an innate desire to prove himself, Apollo Creed  challenges Drago to an exhibition bout. Rocky  has reservations, but agrees to train Apollo, who enters the ring in an over-the-top patriotic entrance with James Brown performing Living in America. It soon turns serious though, as Drago beats Apollo mercilessly. Apollo is in dire straits and taking the worst beating of his life as the first round ends. Rocky and Apollo\'s trainer Duke  plead with him to give up, but Apollo refuses to do so, and tells Rocky not to stop the fight. The second round doesn\'t go any better, and despite Duke begging Rocky to throw in the towel, he honors Apollo\'s wish. This turns out to have fatal consequences as Drago beats Apollo so badly that he dies from his injuries. In the immediate aftermath, Drago displays no sense of remorse commenting to the assembled media: "If he dies... he dies." Incensed by Drago\'s cold indifference and feeling a deep sense of guilt, Rocky decides to avenge Apollo\'s death by agreeing to relinquish his title and fight Drago in Russia on Christmas Day in an unsanctioned 15-round bout. He flies to the USSR without Adrian, setting up his training base in Krasnogourbinsk with only Duke and brother-in-law Paulie  to accompany him. To prepare for the fight, Drago uses very high-tech equipment with  use of anabolic steroids and a team of trainers and doctors monitoring his every fiber. Rocky, on the other hand, throws heavy logs, chops down trees, pulls an overloaded snow sleigh, jogs in heavy snow and treacherous icy conditions and climbs a mountain. Adrian  shows up unexpectedly to give Rocky her support after initially refusing to travel to Russia because of her doubts on his fighting chances, resulting in Rocky\'s training having an added focus. Drago is introduced with an elaborate, patriotic ceremony that puts the Russian crowd squarely on Drago\'s side, as Rocky is booed by all in attendance. In contrast to his fight with Apollo, Drago immediately goes on the offensive and Rocky takes a fierce pounding. Rocky comes back toward the end of the second and silences the Russian crowd by landing a strong right hook that cuts Drago just below his left eye. While Drago is visibly shaken, Rocky is fired up and assaults Drago, which continues even after the bell rings. While Duke and Paulie cheer Rocky for his heroism, they remind him that Drago is not a machine, but a man. Ironically, Drago comments that Rocky "is not human, he is like a piece of iron" with his own corner reprimanding him for being "weak" in comparison to the "small American." The two boxers continue to hit each other over the next dozen rounds, with Rocky holding his ground despite Drago\'s powerful punches. His resilience rallies the previously hostile Soviet crowd to his side, which unsettles Drago to the point that he shoves Koloff off the ring for berating his performance. Rocky finally takes out Drago in the 15th and last round to the shock of the Soviet Politburo watching the fight. A bloody and battered Rocky gives a victory speech, acknowledging the initial and mutual disdain between himself and the crowd as much as the disdain between Russians and Americans generally, and how they\'ve come to respect and admire each other during the course of the fight which he also says is better than war between their two countries. He finishes by saying that everybody can "change." The Soviet General Secretary stands and passionately applauds Rocky and his aides follow suit. Rocky ends his speech by wishing his son a Merry Christmas, and throws his arms into the air in victory as the crowd applauds.'] ["A stevedore in Thessaloniki, Greece, Salamo Arouch's passion is boxing. Captured along with his family and fiance Allegra in 1943 and interned in Auschwitz, Arouch is used by his SS captors as entertainment, forced to box against fellow prisoners. He knows that if he refuses, his family will be punished; if he wins, he will be given extra rations which he can share with them; if he loses, he will be sent to the gas chamber. As his family and friends die around him, he has only his love of Allegra and his grim determination to keep him alive. The film follows the early life story of Salamo Arouch, though it takes some artistic liberties including the early introduction of wife Allegra , whom Arouch did not actually meet until after the liberation of the camp.{{cite journal}}"] ['The story centers on Billy "Shiner" Simpson  a boxing promoter banned from legitimate fights until he finds a promising start in his son Eddie. The night of the fight sees Eddie killed, and Simpson suspects rival Frank Spedding . Billy seeks revenge, only to grow mad as his suspicions draw closer to home.'] [' Jerry Ferro is turning 40 years old and is not what you would call a success. He works part-time in construction as a carpenter and part-time as a boxing instructor at a fitness center near Los Angeles. He drives a broken-down pickup truck and loses both the construction job and the woman in his life. An amateur Golden Gloves boxer long ago, Jerry is asked one day if he would be willing to spar with an up-and-coming fighter named Malice Blake. He takes a beating, but surprisingly lands a one-punch knockout. Due to his strong left hand, Jerry\'s boxing nickname was "The Hammer," though a running joke depicts people assuming the nickname describes Jerry\'s work as a carpenter. He is noticed by Eddie Bell , a coach who will train boxers trying to qualify for the next Olympic Games. Bell invites him to come to the Olympic tryouts. Jerry is clearly too old and out-of-shape, so he isn\'t interested. But his friend and co-worker Oswaldo Sanchez gives him encouragement, as does Lindsay Pratt, an attractive lawyer who works out at the gym and has caught Jerry\'s eye. Jerry comes to the tryouts. He is mocked by Bell\'s top light-heavyweight contender, Robert Brown, which motivates Jerry to get into shape. He goes into serious training, loses weight and needles Brown, telling him there\'s "a new sheriff" in town in the light-heavyweight division. What Jerry doesn\'t know is that Coach Bell privately sees Jerry as no more than a sparring partner and motivator for Brown, who is a legitimate Olympic candidate but who has a weakness against boxers like Jerry with a strong left hand. By falsely boosting Jerry\'s hopes, Bell can avoid paying him the usual $100 per day for a hired sparring partner. Jerry drives team members to the first stage of the Olympic qualifying eliminations in Phoenix, where because of his age and lowly status he is immediately paired against the No. 1 contender. Coach Bell has gotten all he wanted out of Jerry and is so apathetic about the outcome that he deserts Jerry\'s corner in the middle of the bout. Motivated by the memory that he has never finished anything he ever started, Jerry scores a shocking knockout. He and Brown both advance to the next round of the competition, to be held in Pasadena. When Brown learns that Coach Bell has lied to Jerry about his prospects, Brown begins to sympathize with Jerry and to bond with him as unlikely friends. Unfortunately, they will need to fight each other soon, with only one able to qualify for the Olympics. On top of that, Lindsay has a job offer that would require her to move out of state. Jerry knows he has little future in boxing, no matter what happens next, so he needs to get his priorities straight as he and Brown head toward a showdown in the ring. In the final round of the competition, Jerry and Brown go up against each other. Lindsay decides to stay in California. At the fight, right as Jerry is about to win and KO Brown, Jerry instead hugs him and lets Brown win. The film ends with all three at a party at their house and Jerry becoming Brown\'s trainer.'] ['Tommy Riley ([[James Marshall  and his father have just moved in an attempt to start a new life. Tommy\'s father has accumulated many gambling debts, but has found a new job that requires him to travel extensively, leaving his son alone at home. Tommy also has a hard time fitting in at school, having crossed some gang members led by "Shortcut". A loan shark, named Sharkey, sends two collectors to Tommy Riley\'s house where he is threatened unless his father pays up $1250 in interest on a $15,000 gambling debt. He takes a job at a local diner and enters into a romantic relationship with Dawn , the daughter of the owner, but is jumped by the gang members outside the restaurant. Seeing how well Tommy is able to fight, a local boxing promoter by the name of Pappy Jack  offers Tommy a chance to fight in an illegal underground boxing operation. Tommy then agrees to fight one match, in exchange for $1,250 dollars in order to pay up the interest on the father\'s gambling debt. After his father informs him that he will be alone for some time, Tommy progresses to his first fight. Tommy finds out that Romano , a fellow student at his school, "Shortcut" as well as Abraham "Lincoln" Haines  are all part of the illegal boxing matches. For his first fight, Tommy faces off with Black Death, a dirty fighter who uses elbows and low blows as well as a notoriously powerful right hand. To the surprise of many, Tommy upsets Black Death with the aid of his corner man, Noah . The boxing promoter Jimmy Horn  takes an interest in Tommy and attempts to recruit him into his ring of fighters. However, wanting to go on to college, Tommy initially refuses Horn\'s offers. However, after Horn buys off Tommy\'s father\'s $15,000 gambling debt from the loan shark, Tommy agrees to fight five matches in order to wipe off the debts. Tommy enjoys a great deal of success and develops a friendship with Romano and Abraham "Lincoln" Haines, while he focuses on boxing and begins to ditch school. Later on Tommy learns about the reasons why Romano and Lincoln continue the fight, the former to send his father\'s body to Cuba and to make money, the latter to support his girlfriend and their baby daughter. Tommy continues to build up his reputation when Romano has a match against "Shortcut". Initially out boxing "Shortcut" with his footwork and speed, Romano is confident during the start of the fourth round. However, "Shortcut" secretly has his corner man apply a blinding fluid to his gloves in hopes of slowing down Romano. During the fourth round, Romano once again dominates "Shortcut" while Tommy watches and cheers him on. "Shortcut" then puts Romano in a headlock and rubs the fluid onto Romano\'s eyes giving him blurred vision. Unable to defend himself, "Shortcut" brutally beats Romano, until Tommy rings the bell in place of the distracted judges. Enraged by Short Cut\'s lack of sportsmanship, Tommy attacks Short Cut until they are broken apart. After this match, Tommy begins to search for Romano by searching through hospitals. It is not until Noah advises Tommy to search the hospital for the poor and indigent where he finally finds a beat up Romano in a coma and declared brain dead. Enraged by this, Tommy fights Short Cut in his next match. However, before the match starts, Tommy notices Short Cut rubbing his gloves together. When Shortcut tries to put Tommy into a headlock, Tommy lifts him up and slams him on the ground before fluid gets into his eyes. Defending himself from a kick, Tommy then punches Shortcut under the belt and proceeds to beat him into submission, but he stops short of the savagry Horn and Pappy Jack want him to display and he lets Short Cup drop to the mat. Later, Lincoln shows signs of possible brain damage as a result of a kick to the head, and is told to quit fighting for at least 60 days or else suffer permanent brain damage. Despite this, Horn arranges a match between Lincoln and Tommy with 20 grand to the winner. Afraid of killing Lincoln, Tommy takes a beating until Lincoln is unwilling to kill Tommy as he was earlier saved by him, saying "damn you to hell" due to his loss of his only livelihood. In revenge, Horn, a former boxer himself who lost only one fight, punches Lincoln severely enough to knock him out of the ring. Furious, Tommy challenges Horn to a match: If Horn wins, Tommy will continue to work for him indefinitely, but if Tommy wins, his father\'s debt is wiped clean. Horn accepts on the condition that they fight bare-knuckle. Horn\'s vast experience with boxing initially gives him the upper hand, and Horn\'s confidence influences him to play with and humiliate Tommy as a result. Tommy eventually uses the various forms of advice he\'s received throughout his brief boxing experience to outthink Horn: he fakes a broken hand to give Horn even more confidence, and then uses the element of surprise to finish him off, freeing himself from Horn\'s contract. Tommy and Lincoln shake hands, affirming their friendship. Tommy tells Noah, "Make your enemy think you are weak when you are really strong." Noah smiles as he hugs the champion Tommy.'] ["{{Expand section}} Johnny Walker is a down-and-out boxer, with brain damage who has just recently moved into a sea-side resort. Upon arriving, he falls in love with Ruby, a carnival owner who has a lot in common with Johnny,. Johnny, who is played by Mickey Rourke, also befriends Wesley Pendergrass . Wesley and Johnny form a strong friendship, and it's clear that Johnny idolises Wesley. Later on in the film, Wesley wants to use Johnny as muscle in a robbery and he asks Johnny to help him. Johnny has to choose between the love of Ruby  or the friendship of Wesley."] ['The documentary examines a boxing match that took place between undefeated prospect Billy Collins Jr and Luis Resto. The fight was on the undercard for a bout between Roberto Durán and Davey Moore. Resto unexpectedly beat the highly touted Collins in a 10-round unanimous decision; however, after the fight, Resto\'s gloves are found to be missing a significant amount of padding, an illegal tampering which allowed Resto to inflict greater damage on Collins during the fight. What began as a boxing match turned into a life altering moment for both participants - Collins\' career dreams ended and Resto and his trainer Panama Lewis landed in prison for their illegal actions. The subsequent investigation and trial have led many to declare this bout the darkest day in boxing history. The documentary is shot by former boxing manager Eric Drath, who hears the story of Luis Resto from various boxers. Drath feels compelled to try to exonerate Resto, whose life is in shambles in the aftermath of the fight and subsequent incarceration and ban from boxing. Drath says he believes Resto when he tells him he had no knowledge of the tainted gloves. In the course of the investigation, however, Drath uncovers a transcript of a police interview Resto gave during the criminal investigation. In the transcript, which was not admitted during Resto\'s assault trial, Resto admits that Panama Lewis had taken the gloves into the bathroom with Lee Black. When Drath confronts Resto with this evidence, Resto finally admits that Lewis had indeed taken the gloves. The documentary then focuses on Resto admitting this knowledge to members of Collins\' and his own family and asking for forgiveness. In the course of this journey, which takes him from the Bronx, to Virginia, to Miami, to Nashville, Resto admits he knew during the course of the fight that the gloves had been tampered with. He then admits he knew well before the fight that not only had the gloves been tampered with but that his hands were encased in plaster of paris. The documentary also shows the disparity between the lives of the two main figures, Resto and Panama Lewis. While Resto\'s life is in ruins, losing his family and career and spending ten years living in the basement of the gym where he used to train, Lewis, while still officially banned from boxing, is still very active in the boxing community. Lewis is shown at the press conference for an upcoming fight featuring Zab Judah, one of the fighters he trains, where he is still accepted by some in the boxing community while Resto is a pariah even with his own family. Lewis is still clearly making a good living as a trainer in the sport he is "banned" from, as evidenced by his gold chains and watches and stays at posh hotels, while Resto must catch a bus for seven hours to see his family. Resto implicated Panama Lewis as the brain behind the conspiracy to taint the gloves, but many questions still remain. What was Lewis\'s motive for gambling his livelihood and reputation on a Collins-Resto fight? Collins was still a prospect while Resto was considered journeyman. While Resto\'s motives remain unclear, there were unproven allegations that a cocaine dealer had wagered a large sum of money on Resto to win. Initially adamant that Lewis was the one who took the gloves into the bathroom, when confronted by Lewis in the parking lot of a gym, he appears to back off his allegations somewhat, admitting that cornerman Artie Curley had wrapped at least one of his hands. In addition to investigating Lewis as the primary factor to the incident, the documentary also speaks about the Collins family\'s litigious nature following the incident, suggesting that perhaps the family had taken advantage of Billy\'s injuries to get a large settlement from the state of New York State Athletic Commission, as well as forbidding Collins from further fights. The documentary suggests that this was possibly done to keep Billy from getting back in the ring, which likely would have invalidated the insurance claim they had made against the boxing organization.'] ['Willy Grogan is a small-time boxing promoter based in the Catskills resort region of Cream Valley, New York. He owns the Grogan\'s Gaelic Gardens inn. He is a contemptible man and is in debt and pays little attention to the woman who loves him, Dolly, a chain-smoking, love-starved woman residing at the camp. Into their midst comes Walter Gulick, a young man recently discharged from the Army who loves the peaceful setting almost as much as he loves working on old cars. Walter\'s simple goal is to go into business as a mechanic at a nearby garage. One day, Walter, in need of work, accepts an offer of five dollars to be a sparring partner and decks one of Willy\'s top fighters. Willy is persuaded to let this "Galahad" take a shot in a legitimate ring. Both men are reluctant, but each has a need for the money. Walter begins working out under the watchful eye of Willy\'s top trainer, Lew. The attractive Rose, younger sister of Willy, shows up unexpectedly. She and Walter immediately hit it off. The obsessively protective Willy doesn\'t want his kid sister falling for some "grease monkey" mechanic and two-bit boxer. Dolly is envious of the young couple\'s romance and resents Willy\'s interference. After several successes in the ring, Walter is readied for his biggest fight. Gangsters want him to take a dive so that Willy can pay off his debts to them, but "Galahad" throws his muscle behind Willy and emerges victorious. He wins the big fight against Ramon "Sugar Boy" Romero as well as Willy\'s approval, retiring undefeated to his vintage car and his new love.'] ['Michael Dublin  is a hustler whose wit and sarcastic nature does not endear him with clients whom he just swindled. After one heist that turns sour, Dublin is facing death when Katherine Parker  appears and takes down the man assaulting Dublin, nearly twice her size. Together Dublin and Parker begin a cross country fight tour that takes them through basement bars, county fairs, and eventually a big event in Miami.'] ['{{Expand section}} From the NY Times: In the words of its star Leonard Nimoy, Kid Monk Baroni was the sort of film that "made unknowns out of celebrities." The young Nimoy is actually quite good as the title character, a boxer whose misshapen face has earned him the unwelcome nickname "Monk." Formerly an unregenerate street punk, Baroni is set on the proper path by parish priest Father Callahan . Unfortunately, a run-in with his old gang forces Baroni to skip town. He becomes a professional pugilist under the aegis of manager Hellman , taking out his pent-up frustrations in the ring. Able to afford plastic surgery, Baroni buys himself a handsome new face—and, with it, a dangerously oversized ego. Hoping to protect his new face from harm, Baroni washes out in the boxing ring, but redemption—and a lasting romance with Emily Brooks --await just around the corner. Kid Monk Baroni was well-directed by Harold Schuster, whose previous efforts included My Friend Flicka and So Dear to My Heart. A flop at the box office, the film did nothing for the career of Leonard Nimoy, who was obliged to spend the next 15 years in relative obscurity before attaining a second chance at big-time stardom with TV\'s Star Trek.'] ['Arturo Ortega, a man with enduring aspirations of being a competitor in professional boxing. While Arturo had the intellect, ambition, and agility to be a professional, his career proved to be a short one, and, after a living out his fifteen minutes of fame, he’s washed up. However, Arturo has instilled his passion for boxing in his three sons, who have grown up learning all about the world of prizefighting. The three boys begin competing in the ring, with Arturo as their manager and coach, but Johnny swiftly displays so much promise that other managers and promoters want to take over his contract and put make him the next boxing champion. Arturo feels let down when sonny decides that he wants to work with another manager, while his other two sons rail against sonny for turning his back on his father and hope Arturo has the same conviction in their talents in the ring.http://www.allmovie.com/cg/avg.dll?p1:186548'] [" Billy Tully , a boxer past his prime, goes to a Stockton, California gym to get back into shape and spars with Ernie Munger , an eighteen-year-old he meets there. Seeing potential in the youngster, Tully suggests Munger look up his former manager and trainer, Ruben . Munger takes his advice. Later, Tully tells combative white barfly Oma  and her easygoing black boyfriend Earl  how impressed he is with Munger. Inspired, Tully decides to get back into boxing himself. Tully's life has been a mess ever since his wife left him. He drinks too much, cannot hold down a job, and has to pick crops to make ends meet. He moves in with Oma after Earl is sent to prison for a few months. Their relationship is rocky and Tully eventually breaks it off. Munger loses his first fight, but perseveres. Unlike Tully, he does not let setbacks get the better of him. The young man gets pressured into marriage by Faye  and soon has a baby on the way. In his first bout back, Tully narrowly defeats tough, well-respected Mexican boxer Lucero , but gets discouraged when he gets only $100 for it. He breaks up with Ruben  and goes back to his old ways. He tries to make up with Oma, only to find her back with Earl. Later, Munger is returning home after a win and sees a drunk Tully. Munger tries to ignore him, but when Tully asks him to have a drink with him, he reluctantly agrees to coffee. After a short while, Munger gets up to leave. Tully asks him to stay awhile longer. Munger agrees, but the two men have nothing to talk about, and the film ends in awkward silence."] ["Black Cloud , a young Navajo man, must take a journey of personal growth to prepare himself for a chance at boxing in the Olympics. When Eddie  returns to town with the rodeo and wants to rekindle his relationship with Black Cloud's girlfriend, Sammi ([[Julia Jones , Black Cloud confronts him and runs into trouble with the sheriff . After seeing Black Cloud in a boxing match, an Olympic Scout named Norm Olsen  offers him a tryout for the U.S. Olympic team. Initially Black Cloud rejects the offer believing that it would be just to 'fight for the White Man'. In trying to apply for Indian Housing he and Sammi find out that his great-grandfather was from Germany; believing he is cursed by his diluted bloodline Black Cloud has a falling out with Sammi. He goes to see his Grandfather who takes him into the canyons and tells him about his family and the German man who helped his great-grandmother after she was raped by a several white men and went by the name White Wolf. Realizing that his bloodline is pure he decides to come back to Sammi and proposes to her. He gets back into training for the Golden Gloves tournament coming up and decides to take up the scout's offer if he wins. The day before the tournament his best friend is seriously injured in a fight with Eddie and a set of other cowboys which the Sheriff refuses to arrest. On the day of the tournament, Black Cloud goes through it to the finals where he meets Rocket Ray Tracy , the number one ranked Light Heavyweight fighter who is hoping on going pro after the tournament."] [' On November 25, 1975, Rocky Balboa  is introduced as a small-time boxer and collector for Anthony Gazzo , a loan shark, living in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia. The World Heavyweight Championship bout is scheduled for New Year\'s Day 1976, the year of the United States Bicentennial. When the opponent of undefeated heavyweight champion Apollo Creed  is injured, Creed comes up with the idea of giving a local underdog a shot at the title and, because he likes Rocky\'s nickname "The Italian Stallion," he selects the relatively unknown fighter. He puts it in lights by proclaiming "Apollo Creed Meets The Italian Stallion." The fight promoter George Jergens  says the decision is "very American"; but Creed says, rather, that it is "very smart." To prepare for the fight Rocky trains with a 1920s-era ex-bantamweight fighter and gym owner, Mickey Goldmill . Mickey always considered Rocky\'s potential to be better than his effort—telling him he had heart but also calling him a "tomato" and "leg breaker for some cheap second-rate loan shark" among other endearments, and putting Rocky out of his gym locker preceding the "freak luck" opportunity that comes Rocky\'s way, and Rocky is initially skeptical of Mickey\'s motives and timing for wanting to train Rocky for the big fight. Rocky\'s good friend Paulie , a meat-packing-plant worker, lets him practice his punches on the carcasses hanging in the freezers. A significant and prominent sub-plot has Rocky courting and eventually dating Paulie\'s shy, quiet, ostensibly librarian-like and potentially spinster sister, Adrian , who works as a clerk in a local pet store. He draws Adrian out of her shell and, as Rocky\'s girlfriend, she begins to transform into a womanly, wifely figure. The night before the fight Rocky confides to Adrian that he does not expect to beat Creed, and that all he wants is to go the distance. On New Year\'s Day the climactic boxing match begins. Apollo Creed does not initially take the fight seriously, and Rocky unexpectedly knocks him down in the first round , embarrassing Creed, and the match turns intense. The fight indeed lasts 15 rounds, with both fighters sustaining many injuries; Rocky suffers his first broken nose and debilitating trauma around the eye, and Creed sustains brutal blows to his ribs with substantial internal bleeding. As the match progresses, Creed\'s superior skill is countered by Rocky\'s apparently unlimited ability to absorb punishment, and his dogged refusal to be knocked out. As the final round bell sounds, with both fighters locked in each other\'s arms, an exhausted Creed vows "Ain\'t gonna be no re-match," to which an equally spent Rocky replies "Don\'t want one." After the fight, there is a din wherein multiple layers of drama are played out: sportscasters and audience are going wild; the promoter George Jergens announces over the loudspeaker that the match was "the greatest exhibition of boxing stamina in the history of the ring"; Rocky calls out repeatedly for Adrian, who runs down and comes into the ring as Paulie distracts the security personnel. As the ring announcer declares the fight for Apollo Creed by virtue of a split decision , Adrian and Rocky embrace while they profess their love to one another, not caring about the result of the fight.'] ['{{Unreferenced}} James "The Grim Reaper" Roper , the undefeated heavyweight boxing champ of the world, defeats his latest challenger with ease and visits an after-party thrown by the Rev. Fred Sultan , a conniving and manipulative businessman who also acts as Roper\'s fight promoter. The Sultan relays some bad news to everyone: The fight was a financial flop. He deduces the reason that boxing events have become far less profitable is because audience members are sick of watching only black boxers fight each other. The Sultan predicts that a white contender, even one without a viable chance of winning, would create a huge payday for all involved in the fight , and he vows to either find or "create" a white contender in no time at all. After failing to find a white boxer currently in the sport suitable by any means, he discovers that Roper actually lost to a white boxer, Terry Conklin , back in his amateur days. The Sultan and his unethical crew  find Conklin in Cleveland, where he fronts a heavy metal band, advocates peace and Buddhism, and constantly preaches progressive social issues. Conklin is uninterested in returning to boxing to face Roper, though he is eventually coaxed through ego-stroking by the Sultan and a promise of $10 million to help his quest in eradicating homelessness. Conklin arrives in Las Vegas, where he is "cleaned up," and starts to train for his return to the ring. Thanks to shady dealing, Conklin suddenly is named the No. 8 challenger in the world. Boxing pundits  and officials easily see the scam unfolding and label the fight a disgrace. No matter, though, as the prospect of a white vs. black fight appears to be as lucrative as first hoped. Conklin gets in shape quickly, regaining some of his old form, while Roper dismisses the fight as a joke - to the point where he puts on 25 pounds and is barely able to run after an ice cream truck. Meanwhile, crusading television journalist Mitchell Kane  has finally gathered enough evidence to disgrace the unethical Sultan, but at the last moment, Kane is seduced by power and joins the Sultan\'s squad. As the Sultan\'s ego grows, Kane sees an opportunity to usurp him in power. Though Conklin was never believed to stand a chance in the fight, Kane recognizes that Conklin may actually win, and has Conklin sign with him, rather than the Sultan. Throughout all this, the true top contender to the heavyweight title, Marvin Shabazz, is repeatedly denied his rightful chance to a fight, and he proceeds to cause a headache for everyone involved in the hype scam. The Sultan and his crew  heavily promote the fight and publicize the white vs. black angle, even fabricating an Irish ancestor for Conklin. The racism angle works, and money starts to pour in. On the fight day, millions tune into Pay-Per-View for the fight, and Kane is confident about a new era beginning with a Conklin upset. The fight begins, and Conklin gets in only one good punch before the out-of-shape Roper easily dispatches his foe - which was the plan all along. Conklin quits boxing again; Kane\'s plan falls short; the Sultan cleans up financially; Roper\'s critics are silenced; and Shabazz, refusing to wait any longer, attacks the champ inside the ring. As the two fistfight, the Sultan screams to not give away something they can sell. Shabazz then knocks out Roper during their ongoing melee inside the ring, Sultan then steps over Roper\'s unconscious body, and promotes the next fight—Shabazz vs Roper.'] ["Set between 1910 and 1915, the story follows Jack Jefferson (James Earl Jones; patterned after real life boxer [[Jack Johnson  going on a hot streak of victories in the boxing ring as he defeats every white boxer around. Soon the press and other whites announce the search for a 'great white hope', a boxer who will defeat Jefferson for the Heavyweight title. Meanwhile, Jefferson prepares for a few more matches, but he lets his guard down by courting the beautiful  Eleanor Bachman , and when everyone, including Jack's black 'wife', discover this, the tensions grow to fever pitch. Jack's close black friends become scared over his pushing the envelope of success and the white authorities conspire to nail him with unlawful sexual relations with Eleanor and taking away his title. It leads to jealousy, a run from the law, and finally, disaster."] 