['Set in Wakefield, the film concerns a bitter young Yorkshire coal miner, Frank Machin . Following a nightclub altercation in which he takes on the captain of the local rugby league club and smacks a couple of the others, he is recruited by the team\'s manager, who sees profit in his aggressive streak. Although at first somewhat uncoordinated at league, he impresses the team\'s owner, Gerald Weaver , with his spirit and brutality of his playing style during the trial. He is signed up to the top team as a loose forward and impresses all with his aggressive forward play. He often punches or elbows the opposition players throughout the game. Off the field, Frank is much less successful. His recently widowed landlady, Mrs. Margaret Hammond , a mother of two young children, lost her husband in an accident at Weaver\'s engineering firm but gained no compensation because it was ruled to have been a suicide. He uses her for sex, but in her grief she cannot return any affection; she finds his lack of social graces, for instance, at a smart restaurant, somewhat off-putting, and he is violent towards her. He leaves after a row over her late husband, Weaver and his predatory wife. He rejects the latter\'s advances and treats her as a commodity, to be used and discarded. Intending a reconciliation, he finds that Margaret is in hospital. She is unconscious, having suffered a brain haemorrhage shortly after their split; she soon dies without regaining consciousness. In the end he is seen as "just a great ape on a football field", vulnerable to the ravages of time and injury.'] ['Halliwell encapsulates the plot as "Harassed by their manager and Paul\'s grandpa, The Beatles embark from Liverpool by train for a London TV show."{{cite web}}'] ["In late 1940s Yorkshire, England, ambitious young man Joe Lampton , who has just moved from the dreary factory town of Dufton, arrives in Warley, to assume a secure, but poorly-paid, post in the Borough Treasurer's Department. Determined to succeed, and ignoring the warnings of a colleague, Soames , he is drawn to Susan Brown , daughter of the local industrial magnate, Mr. Brown . He deals with Joe’s social climbing by sending Susan abroad; Joe turns for solace to Alice Aisgill , an unhappily married older woman who falls in love with him. When Susan returns from her holiday, shortly after the lovers  have quarrelled, Joe seduces Susan, and then returns to Alice. Discovering that Susan is pregnant, Mr. Brown, after failing to buy off Joe, coerces him to give up Alice and marry his daughter. Deserted and heartbroken, Alice launches on a drinking bout that culminates in her car-accident death. Distraught, Joe disappears, and after being beaten unconscious by a gang of thugs for making a drunken pass at one of their women, he is rescued by his colleague Soames in time to wed Susan."] ['Committed but seen-it-all police inspector Martineau rightly guesses that after a violent jailbreak a local criminal will head home to Manchester to pick up the spoils from his last job. Martineau is soon investigating a murder during a street robbery which seems to lead back to the same villain. Concentrating on the case and using his local contacts to try to track the gang down, he is aware he is not keeping his own personal life together as well as he might.'] ['Arthur Seaton is a young machinist at a Nottingham factory. Angry at his lot in life, he is determined not to be tied down to living a life of domestic drudgery like the people around him, including his parents, whom he describes as "dead from the neck up". He spends his wages at weekends on drinking and having a good time. Arthur is having an affair with Brenda, the wife of an older co-worker. He also begins a relationship with Doreen, a single woman closer to his age. When Brenda gets pregnant, Arthur asks his Aunt Ada for advice on aborting the child . None of Ada\'s advice works and Brenda decides that she will keep the child and suffer the consequences. Later, Brenda\'s husband discovers the affair and his brother  and a fellow soldier give Arthur a beating. After recovering, Arthur returns to work but knows he can never see Brenda  again. The film ends with Arthur and Doreen discussing marriage and the prospect of a new home together.'] ['Jo is a 17-year old schoolgirl, with a domineering, forty-year-old alcoholic mother, Helen. After sustaining a fall after school, Jo meets a black sailor called Jimmy who invites her on to his ship to attend to her grazed knee. They soon start a brief relationship, after which Jimmy returns to his ship and departs. Relations between Jo and her mother become strained when her mother meets and marries a new man, Peter Smith. Feeling rejected by her mother, Jo starts a job in a shoe shop and rents a flat on her own. She meets a gay textile design student, Geoffrey Ingham, and invites him to move in with her. When Jo discovers she is pregnant by Jimmy, Geoff is supportive of her, even offering to marry her, saying at one point, "You need somebody to love you while you\'re looking for somebody to love." Helen re-appears on the scene after the failure of her relationship with Peter, who turns out to have been a selfish lout. She moves in with Jo, which causes tensions between Helen and Geoff. Geoff decides he can no longer stay at the flat and moves out, leaving Helen to care for Jo and her impending baby. Symbolic of Helen\'s disdain of Geoffrey is her return, near the end of the film, of the bassinet he gave to Jo.'] ['The film focuses on 15-year-old Billy Casper, who has little hope in life and is bullied, both at home by his physically and verbally abusive half-brother, Jud, and at school. He is mischievous, stealing eggs and milk from milk floats, has difficulty paying attention in school, and is often provoked into tussles with classmates. Billy comes over as an emotionally neglected boy with little self-respect. Billy\'s mother refers to him in the film as a "hopeless case". His father left the family some time ago. The film shows scenes of Billy\'s school; the headmaster canes a group of boys who were caught smoking. One scene of comic relief in an otherwise bleak film is of a gym teacher taking part in a football game, fantasising about himself as Bobby Charlton and commentating on the match. Outside cadging money and daydreaming at school, Billy has no positive interests. His greatest fear is ending up working down the pit as a coal miner , but he has no apparent escape route until he finds an outlet through training a kestrel that he takes from a nest on a farm. His interest in learning falconry prompts Billy to steal a book on the subject from a secondhand book shop, as he is underage and cannot get a borrower\'s card from the public library. As the relationship between Billy and "Kes", the kestrel, improves during the training, so does Billy\'s outlook and horizons. For the first time in the film, Billy receives praise, from his English teacher after delivering an impromptu talk on his relationship with the bird. Jud leaves money and instructions for Billy to place a bet on two horses, but Billy spends the money on chips and on meat for his bird, after having been told that the horses are unlikely to win. However, the horses do win . Furious at Billy and unable to find him, Jud takes revenge by killing his kestrel, whose body Billy retrieves from the bin. After showing the kestrel to Jud and his mother, Billy buries his kestrel in the garden.'] ['{{Plot}} The black-and-white film opens with a close-up on Jimmy Porter performing on trumpet in a crowded, smoky jazz club . Having finished to a round of applause, he goes over to his friend Cliff, sitting at a front row table, but his friend waves him off in dumb-show, being more intent on winning the affections of a woman. . Scenes of Jimmy walking home through the depressing streets of a Midlands industrial town  serve to give the film its overall visual context. Arriving home at their attic flat, he surreptitiously goes through his sleeping wife\'s handbag before getting into bed with her. It is not until seven minutes into the film that the first lines of dialogue are spoken. The next morning, with a train rattling past the open window, Jimmy wakes up and walks into Cliff\'s room. He complains that Alison is writing secret letters to her mother &mdash; conspiring against him, as he sees it. The next scene is set on Sunday morning and is a shortened version of Act I of the play, with Alison at the ironing board and Jimmy and Cliff reading the newspapers. Much of Jimmy\'s tirade against Alison is cut; but his derision of her family is still very evident. Jimmy and Cliff start the \'where\'s nobody?\' Music Hall sketch from Act III of the play, but Alison doesn\'t play along and the scene ends in horseplay, with Alison getting a burn as the ironing board is overturned. Cliff and Alison play a tender scene as he puts soap on her burned arm, establishing that their relationship is affectionate, but not sexual. The scene ends on Alison\'s line "I\'m frightened". On Monday morning, we see Jimmy and Cliff setting up their sweet\'Candy\', for the benefit of the American reader stall in the market place. The character of a vindictive market inspector, Hurst, played by Donald Pleasence, is introduced. Alison, meanwhile, visits her doctor. She tells him her own carelessness caused the burn. The doctor asks whether her husband knows that she is pregnant. She asks if it is "too late to do anything about it", and the doctor replies "I didn\'t hear that question" . Back at the market, Ma Tanner turns up, in town to take care of her dead husband\'s grave. Almost a caricature of a cheerful working-class elderly woman, it\'s obvious that Jimmy has lots of affection and admiration for her. She was once his landlady, and lent him the capital to start the sweet-stall business. They go into a pub for a drink, and Alison comes in. Jimmy does not fail to notice Alison recoiling from Ma Tanner\'s affectionate hug; the gulf in social class between the two women is enormous and, in the context of the time, it\'s very plausible that Alison would react that way. Alison is trying to tell Jimmy about her pregnancy but cannot get his attention. Instead she tells Cliff . A brief scene by Ma Tanner\'s husband\'s grave continues the theme of Jimmy and Ma Tanner\'s affection for each other. She asks him what he wants in life and he replies "Everything. Nothing". Back at the flat, Alison is taking a phone call from her friend Helena, an actress who\'s in town for an audition and looking for somewhere to crash. Alison invites her to take over Cliff\'s room, and warns Cliff that Jimmy really hates Helena and all she stands for. The conflict to come is made very obvious. Jimmy returns, apologises for the burn, and plays one of the only two loving scenes between him and Alison. They play out a game pretending to be stuffed-toy bears and squirrels, and seem to be on the point of behaving like a normal married couple, when in walks Helena. Jimmy immediately attacks her verbally, but she shrugs it off as though it\'s just an act. In several scenes at the flat and back at the jazz club, the expository dialogue from Act II of the play is played out. Alison describes Jimmy as a knight in shining armour, and Helena says "You\'ve got to fight him". Over an afternoon meal, Jimmy\'s most cruel and vituperative attacks on both women take place. At the market, a sub-plot is introduced that was never even referred to in the play. A new stall-owner, an Indian immigrant called Kapoor  sets up a stall selling cut-price clothing. Kapoor is victimised by everyone except Jimmy and Cliff and, in a later scene, the market inspector Hurst revokes his licence. Kapoor is literally forced out of business by the prejudice of \'respectable\' English people &mdash; a not improbable plot device in a portrayal of 1950s England. Alison goes to a theatre where Helena is rehearsing a particularly nauseating play. Jimmy and Cliff crash in and disrupt the rehearsal, taking over the stage and improvising their silly music-hall act. At another Sunday tea-table scene, Alison announces that she\'s going to church with Helena, and Jimmy\'s scorn and anger reach a new peak. When Jimmy leaves to take a phone call, Helena says "I\'m going to call your father and get him to take you home". Alison agrees that she will go. Coming downstairs on the way to church, the women run into Jimmy. The phone call brought the news that Ma Tanner is in hospital after a stroke, and not expected to live. Jimmy says that of course he will go to her, and begs Alison to go with him. Instead, she marches out with Helena. A brief scene follows of Jimmy with Ma Tanner on her deathbed, in the public ward of a hospital. Back at the attic, we see Alison\'s father, Colonel Redfern, who has come to collect her to take her back to her family home. The Colonel is quite a sympathetic character, albeit totally out of touch with the modern world . "You\'re hurt because everything\'s changed," Alison tells him, "and Jimmy\'s hurt because everything\'s stayed the same." Helena arrives to say goodbye, intending to leave very soon herself but obliged to stay another day by the run of her play. Alison leaves, giving Cliff a note for Jimmy. Cliff in turn hands it to Helena and leaves himself, saying "I hope he stuffs it up your nostrils". Almost immediately, Jimmy bursts in. His contempt at finding a "goodbye" note makes him turn on Helena again, warning her to keep out of his way until she leaves. He now learns for the first time that Alison is expecting a baby, and although he proclaims that he doesn\'t care it\'s clear that he\'s taken aback. However, his tirade continues. Helena slaps him, and he collapses on the bed almost in tears, and as the scene ends, Jimmy and Helena are kissing passionately and falling on the bed . Two external scenes follow before we get to the Act III material. First, a scene of Jimmy in the graveyard at Ma Tanner\'s burial, searching in vain for any token of sympathy from Alison. Then a scene in Helena\'s dressing room at the theatre, as Jimmy complains of Alison\'s callousness and protests the unjust ways of the world in general. Now comes the scene that repeats the opening scene of the play &mdash; a dismal Sunday morning but this time it\'s Helena at the ironing board. Months have passed. Jimmy is notably more pleasant to Helena than he was to Alison in Act 1. She actually laughs at his jokes, and the men get into another music hall comedy routine. This time the horseplay reveals a half-written letter from Helena to Alison, referring to an ongoing correspondence between them. Helena tears it up. A scene is inserted in the garden of the Redfern family home. Alison is very pregnant, and some remarks indicate that the pregnancy may be precarious. Alison\'s mother passes by and has one line of dialogue.The role was played by Phyllis Neilson-Terry, a very accomplished stage actress. IMDB tells us that she was paid ₤200 for two days on the set At the market, Cliff announces that he\'s decided to strike out on his own. Jimmy is visibly disappointed but doesn\'t try to stop him, only later advising him to "try washing your socks". Jimmy and Helena go to the railway station to see Cliff off &mdash; an interesting period scene complete with an authentic steam locomotive of the era. Jimmy reveals his affection for Cliff and tells him he is worth "ten Helenas" to him. When Jimmy and Helena go into the station bar for a drink, they discover Alison sitting disconsolately there. Jimmy snaps over his shoulder "Friend of yours to see you" and abruptly leaves. The remaining scenes, originally set in the claustrophobic attic flat, are played out at the train station amidst atmospheric steam, smoke, and condensation from the actors\' breath in the cold. Helena realises that what she\'s done is immoral and she in turn decides to leave. The screenplay ends with a major surprise—a highly sentimental reconciliation between Jimmy and Alison. They revive the old game of bears and squirrels, and we are left to assume that they live, if not happily, at least in a state of truce in the class warfare, ever after.'] ["Jean Rice, a young London teacher, travels to a seaside resort  to visit her family. She is emotionally confused, having had a row with her fiancé, who wants her to emigrate with him to Africa. She is also deeply concerned about the Suez Crisis, having seen her soldier brother off to the war. She has attended a peace rally in Trafalgar Square, directed against the British Prime Minister Anthony Eden. She finds that the resort has declined from its pre-WW2 heyday and is now drawing waning crowds, despite being in mid-season. The musical hall act of her father Archie Rice  plays out to a small number of increasingly uninterested spectators. Her family is deeply dysfunctional. Her beloved grandfather, once one of the leading stars of the music hall, lives in quiet retirement with his daughter-in-law and grandson. Jean goes to the theatre where her father is playing. As well as being an undischarged bankrupt and a semi-alcoholic, he is desperately short of money and is hounded by creditors - the Income Tax people as well as his unpaid cast. He is adored by his cynical son and watched with mild amusement by his father; but his relationship with Phoebe, his second wife, is strained. He is a womaniser and she is well aware of his tendencies, openly commenting on them to the rest of the family. She is often found drinking heavily. With his latest show drawing to a close, Archie is desperate to secure a new show for the winter season. While acting as Master of Ceremonies at a Miss Great Britain beauty contest he charms the young woman who finished in second place. Soon he is conducting an affair with her. Her wealthy and ambitious parents want her to have an entertainment career and are willing to put up the money for Archie's new show, if it includes her. They shake hands on the deal. While this is going on, the radio reports that Archie's son Mick has been captured by the Egyptians at Suez after a major firefight. Archie seems oblivious to the news and the distress of his family. He is fixated with his dream of restarting his stalled career and his affair. His daughter discovers the affair and tells her grandfather. He, acting out of what he believes are his son's best interests, goes to the girl's parents and tells them that Archie is already married and a bankrupt. They swiftly break off all connections with him, ending their financing for his next show. While he is still digesting this turn of events, news arrives that Archie's son has been killed by the Egyptians. His body is returned and a civic commemoration is attended by the whole town. It is reported that he will be awarded a Victoria Cross for his actions. Archie is still too busy fixating on his career to notice how his family is falling apart at the news. His brother-in-law wants to help the family to relocate to Canada and help him run a hotel but Archie rebuffs him. Instead he persuades an impresario to promote a new show, with his father as the headline attraction. His father is still extremely popular and there is a public demand for his return. On the opening night his father collapses and dies, completing the estrangement of the family. His wife and son are determined to go to Canada, while Archie is set on staying in Britain, even if it means going to jail. The film ends with Archie making an apparently final performance to an apathetic audience."] ['The film opens with Colin Smith  running, alone, along a bleak country road somewhere in rural England. In a brief voiceover, Colin tells us that running is the way his family has always coped with the world\'s troubles, but that in the end, the runner is always alone and cut off from spectators, left to deal with life on his own. Next, we see Colin in handcuffs with a group of other similarly encumbered young men. They are being taken to Ruxton Towers, what we might today term a detention centre for juvenile offenders, a reform school. It is overseen by "the Governor", who believes that the hard work and discipline imposed on his charges will ultimately make them useful members of society. Colin, sullen and rebellious, immediately catches his eye as a test of his beliefs. An important part of the Governor\'s rehabilitation programme is athletics, and he soon notices that Colin is a talented runner, able to easily outrun Ruxton\'s reigning long distance runner. As the Governor was once a runner himself, he is especially keen on Colin\'s abilities because for the first time, his charges have been invited to compete in a five-mile cross country run against a nearby public school, Ranley, and its privileged students from upper-class families. The Governor sees the invitation as an important way to demonstrate the success of his rehabilitation programme. As the Governor takes Colin under his wing, offering him outdoor gardening work and eventually the freedom of practice runs outside Ruxton\'s barbed wire fences, we learn in a series of flashbacks how Colin came to be incarcerated. We see his difficult, economically strained family life in a lower-class workers\' complex in industrial Nottingham. Without a job, Colin indulges in petty crime in the company of his best friend, Mike . Meanwhile, at home, his father\'s long years of toil in a local factory have resulted in a terminal illness for which his father refuses treatment. Colin is angered by the callousness of his mother , who he knows already has a "fancy man", and who Colin finds has neglected to give his father a herbal concoction for pain and, as Colin believes, brings about his father\'s death. Colin rebels by refusing a job offered to him at his father\'s factory and watches with disdain as his mother spends the five hundred pounds in insurance money the company pays her on clothes, a television and new furniture. When his mother\'s lover moves into the house and after an argument when his mother tells him to leave, Colin and Mike take to the streets. Colin uses his portion of the insurance money to treat Mike and two girls they meet to an outing in Skegness, where Colin falls in love with his date, Audrey , and confesses to her that she is the first woman he\'s ever slept with. She eventually extracts a half-hearted promise from Colin that he might look for work, implying his feelings for her are such that marriage is a possibility. But one night, while prowling the streets of Nottingham with Mike, the two spot an open window at the back of a building. It\'s a bakery, with nothing much to steal but the cashbox, which contains about seventy pounds. Mike is all for another outing to Skegness with the girls, but Colin is more cautious and hides the money in a drainpipe outside his prefab house. Soon, the police come calling, accusing Colin of the robbery. He tells the surly detective  he has no knowledge of the crime. The detective produces a search warrant on a subsequent visit, but can find nothing. Finally, frustrated and angry, he returns to say he\'ll be watching Colin. As the two stand at Colin\'s front door in the rain, the torrent of water pouring down the drainpipe dislodges the money, which washes out around Colin\'s feet. This backstory is interspersed in flashbacks with Colin\'s present-time experiences at Ruxton Towers, where he must contend with the jealousy of his fellow inmates over the favouritism shown to him by the Governor, especially when the Governor decides not to discipline Colin, as he does the others, over a dining-hall riot because of Ruxton\'s poor food. Colin also witnesses the kind of treatment given to his fellows who are not so fortunate - beatings, bread-and-water diets, demeaning work in the machine shop or the kitchen. Finally, the day of the five-mile race against Ranley arrives, and Colin quickly sizes up who the school\'s best runner is  and who he must beat. With a proud Governor looking on, the starting gun is fired. Colin soon overtakes Ranley\'s star runner and has a comfortable lead with a sure win; but a series of jarring images run through his mind, jumpcut flashes of his life at home and his mother\'s neglect, his father\'s dead body, stern lectures from detectives, police, the Governor, the hopelessness of any future life with Audrey. Just yards from the finish line, he stops running and remains in place, despite the calls, howls, protests from the Ruxton Towers crowd, and especially the Governor. In close-up, we see Colin look directly at the Governor as a rebellious sneer plays on his face. The expression remains there as the Ranley runner passes him and crosses the finish line to victory. The Governor\'s anger is evident. At the end of the film, Colin is back in the machine shop, punished and now ignored by the Governor. But he seems calm, even content, because in the end, he has refused to submit to authority and has settled into the loneliness of the title.'] ['The film depicts the sexual competition among three roommates — the aggressive, womanizing drummer Tolen ([[Ray Brooks , the shy, paranoid schoolteacher Colin , and the neutral artist Tom  — when a young woman from out of town, Nancy , enters their London world.'] ['The story begins with a silent film sequence during which the good Squire Allworthy  returns home after a lengthy stay in London and discovers a baby  in his bed. Thinking that his barber, Mr. Partridge , and one of his servants, Jenny Jones , have "birthed" the infant out of lust, the squire banishes them and chooses to raise little Tom Jones as if he were his own son. Tom  grows up to be a lively young man whose good looks and kind heart make him very popular with the opposite sex. However, he truly loves only one woman, the gentle Sophie Western , who returns his passion. Sadly, Tom is stigmatized as a "bastard" and cannot wed a young lady of her high station. Sophie, too, must hide her feelings while her aunt  and her father, Squire Western  try to coerce her to marry a more suitable man - a man whom she hates. This young man is Blifil ([[David Warner , the son of the Squire\'s widowed sister Bridget . Although he is of legitimate birth, he is an ill-natured fellow with plenty of hypocritical \'virtue\' but none of Tom\'s warmth, honesty, or high spirits. When Bridget dies unexpectedly, Blifil intercepts a letter which his mother intended for her brother\'s eyes only. What this letter contains is not revealed until the end of the movie; however, after his mother\'s funeral, Blifil and his two tutors, Mr. Thwackum  and Mr. Square ([[John Moffatt , join forces to convince the squire that Tom is a villain. Allworthy gives Tom a small cash legacy and sorrowfully sends him out into the world to seek his fortune. In his road-traveling odyssey, Tom is knocked unconscious while defending the good name of his beloved Sophie and robbed of his legacy. He also flees from a jealous Irishman who falsely accuses him of having an affair with his wife, engages in deadly swordfights, meets his alleged father and his alleged mother, a certain Mrs. Waters, whom he saves from an evil Redcoat Officer, and later beds the same Mrs. Waters. In a celebrated scene, Tom and Mrs. Waters sit opposite each other in the dining room of the Upton Inn, wordlessly consuming an enormous meal while gazing lustfully at each other. Meanwhile, Sophie runs away from home soon after Tom\'s banishment to escape the attentions of the loathed Blifil. After narrowly missing each other at the Upton Inn, Tom and Sophie arrive separately in London. There, Tom attracts the attention of Lady Bellaston , a promiscuous noblewoman over 40 years of age. She is rich, beautiful, and completely amoral, though it is worth noting that Tom goes to her bed willingly and is generously rewarded for his services. Eventually, Tom ends up at Tyburn Gaol, facing a boisterous hanging crowd after two blackguardly agents of Blifil frame him for robbery and attempted murder. Allworthy learns the contents of the mysterious letter: Tom is not Jenny Jones\'s child, but Bridget\'s illegitimate son and Allworthy\'s nephew. Furthermore, since Blifil knew this, concealed it, and tried to destroy his half-brother, he is now in disgrace and disinherited. Allworthy uses this knowledge to get Tom a pardon, but Tom has already been conveyed to the gallows; his hanging is begun, but is interrupted by Squire Western, who cuts him down and takes him to Sophie. Tom now has permission to court Sophie, and all ends well with Tom embracing Sophie with Squire Western\'s blessing. In its original release, the film ran 2 hours and 37 minutes.'] ["Victor 'Vic' Brown  is a draftsman in a Manchester factory who sleeps with a typist called Ingrid Rothwell  who also works there. She falls for him but he is less enamoured of her. He then learns she is pregnant so he proposes marriage and the couple move in with her domineering mother Mrs Rothwell , who looks down on Vic. Ingrid has a miscarriage, Vic has regrets and comes home drunk. The couple then consider the possibility of making do with a 'kind of loving'."] 