['L.A.P.D. Homicide Sergeant Roger Murtaugh  is worried about getting old, having recently celebrated his 50th birthday. He receives a message from Michael Hunsaker ([[Tom Atkins , an old Vietnam War friend who Murtaugh realizes he has not seen in over 12 years. Before he can meet him, he is called to investigate a suicide and learns that the victim is Hunsaker\'s daughter, Amanda. Elsewhere, L.A.P.D. Narcotics Sergeant Martin Riggs , who is suicidal following the recent death of his wife in a traffic accident, nearly kills a disarmed suspect after flying into a psychotic rage during a drug bust. Wary of his behavior, Riggs\' superiors transfer him to Homicide, making him and Murtaugh reluctant partners. Amanda\'s autopsy results show that she had taken drugs laced with drain cleaner. Even though she jumped to her death, she would have died within minutes anyway – making her death a homicide. After informing her distraught father, who claims he was trying to contact Murtaugh to help Amanda get out of the underworld of drugs, prostitution and hardcore pornography, Riggs and Murtaugh question a pimp Amanda was connected to. Finding a drug lab on the premises, they engage in a brief gunfight, killing the pimp . Having found the drugs and with the pimp dead, Murtaugh assumes the case is now closed, but Riggs finds it suspicious that the only witness to Amanda\'s suicide was a prostitute named Dixie , who was working away from her usual "stroll". They deduce that Dixie poisoned Amanda and then posed as a witness to cover her crime. Riggs and Murtaugh head to Dixie\'s home to question her, but her house explodes just as they arrive. Riggs—who served in the US Army Special Forces during the Vietnam War—finds part of the bomb, a mercury switch which only a professional would use. A neighborhood child remembers seeing a man with blond hair at Dixie\'s earlier who had a Special Forces tattoo similar to Riggs\'s own. Seeing a connection, they deduce that Hunsaker knows more than he has admitted and Murtaugh confronts him at Amanda\'s wake. Hunsaker admits that for more than two years he has been involved in a heroin-smuggling operation run by ex-special operations troops from the Vietnam War, known as "Shadow Company". The scheme is masterminded by a retired general, Peter McAllister —the former commander of Shadow Company—and his chief enforcer, Mr. Joshua . Hunsaker was laundering the profits through his bank. McAllister had ordered Amanda\'s murder when Michael unsuccessfully tried to alert Murtaugh to the scheme in an attempt to get out of the business. As Murtaugh attempts to make Hunsaker reveal the entirety of his operation, Joshua makes a surprise appearance in a helicopter and shoots Hunsaker, killing him. As Riggs and Murtaugh attempt to investigate Dixie\'s connection, Joshua and the increasingly violent members of Shadow Company attempt to kill Riggs  and later kidnap Murtaugh\'s daughter, Rianne . Using Riggs\'s presumed dead status to their advantage, Murtaugh agrees to meet Shadow Company at El Mirage Lake to exchange himself for Rianne, knowing Shadow Company\'s plan is to kill them all anyway. As Riggs provides sniper cover from a distance, Roger attempts to make Rianne flee, but ultimately all three are captured. McAllister tortures Murtaugh for information regarding the heroin shipment by having his henchmen beat him and rub salt into his bullet wound. McAllister demands to know which of their drug shipments have been compromised eventually threatening Rianne when Murtaugh refuses to give in. Joshua has Riggs brutally tortured with electric shocks for information, but Riggs later escapes and then rescues both Murtaugh and Rianne. The pair then fight their way free of their prison, finding themselves in a downtown L.A. nightclub. Riggs chases Joshua on to the street and attempts to cut him off on the freeway, though Joshua ultimately escapes. Murtaugh finds McAllister trying to flee in his car. Taking out McAllister\'s driver, Murtaugh watches as the car crashes on Hollywood Boulevard and is destroyed  by a live hand grenade. Riggs and Murtaugh then go to Murtaugh\'s home, knowing Joshua will go there to attack Murtaugh\'s family, who are absent. While Joshua is arrested and led away without incident, Riggs, wanting revenge, proposes "a shot at the title", which Joshua eagerly accepts. Sanctioned by Murtaugh, Riggs beats Joshua in hand-to-hand combat on the front lawn. As he\'s being arrested, Joshua overpowers the two officers and attempts to shoot Riggs. Riggs and Murtaugh both draw and fire, killing Joshua. After a visit to his wife\'s grave, Riggs spends Christmas Day at the Murtaugh home with his new partner\'s family; Riggs brings his dog Sam to be a friend to the Murtaugh family cat, Burbank. Riggs also gives Murtaugh a symbolic gift: the unfired hollow-point bullet which he had been saving to commit suicide, as he does not need it anymore.'] ['Another 48 Hrs. takes place several years after the events of the first film, with Reggie Hammond  having served another prison term for robbing a payroll . Veteran San Francisco police officer Jack Cates  has to reunite with his imprisoned buddy Reggie who is about to be released from prison. Together they have to find an unscrupulous drug dealer who calls himself "The Iceman". Once again they only have 48 hours to fulfill their task. Cates has been after the Iceman for the past four years. At the Hunter\'s Point Raceway, Jack confronts Tyrone Burroughs  and Arthur Brock. Jack kills Brock in self defense, but Burroughs escapes, and Jack is in danger of going to prison because Brock\'s gun can\'t be found. Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. Jack tries to convince Reggie to help him clear his name and find the Iceman, but Reggie says he won\'t help unless Jack gives Reggie the $500,000 that Jack has been holding on to for Reggie. Jack refuses to give Reggie the money unless Reggie helps him. After the bus that is transporting Reggie away from the prison is forced to crash by two bikers and Jack gets shot by the same two bikers, Jack forces Reggie to help him by having the hospital release Reggie into his custody. Reggie recognized one of the bikers as Richard "Cherry" Ganz , the brother of Albert Ganz, the escaped convict Jack killed in the first film. Jack got shot because Cherry wants revenge for Albert\'s death, and Cherry and his partner Willie Hickok  are the hitmen who have been hired to kill Reggie. Burroughs, who works for the Iceman, was trying to hire Brock as insurance, just in case Cherry and Hickok fail. Blake Wilson , the head of the Internal Affairs division, obviously doesn\'t like Jack, because Wilson will stop at nothing to prosecute Jack for manslaughter in Brock\'s death, and it turns out that the Ice Man put a price on Reggie\'s head because Reggie knows who the Ice Man is—Jack\'s friend and fellow cop, Ben Kehoe . Jack confronts the trio of villains (Detective Frank Cruise  at a local nightclub where Reggie is being held . Jack and Reggie dispose of Cruise, Cherry and Hickok, but Reggie is grabbed by Kehoe and used as a human shield. Reggie begs Jack to shoot him which he does firing a shot into his shoulder, wounding him and throwing him off Kehoe. Jack then empties his gun into Kehoe, who falls backward and his head is crushed by one of the stripper cages. Reggie is being transported to the hospital and he and Jack share a few parting words. As the ambulance leaves with Reggie, Jack realizes that Reggie  has once again stolen his lighter.'] ["Ray Hughes  and Danny Costanzo  are two detectives working Chicago's North Side, known for their childish demeanors and unorthodox police methods, which get results in their various cases. One such case involves trying to bust up and coming drug dealer Julio Gonzales . After arresting Snake , one of Julio’s associates, they convince him to wear a wire in order to get the necessary evidence to put Julio away. Snake is setting the detectives up, however, and during the bust, the pair look as though they will be killed for sure, but two undercover detectives in Julio’s gang step in to make the arrest. In the ensuing melee, most of Julio’s gang escape, but Ray and Danny capture Gonzales. Back at the station Ray and Danny expect to be praised, but instead their captain  chastises them for their sloppy work  and orders them to take a vacation. On vacation in Key West, Florida, the pair begin to question their career choice after the experience and decide to retire and open a bar. When they return to Chicago and inform the captain of their intentions, they find out that Gonzales has been released and is free on bail. Incensed, they vow to capture Gonzales before retiring, but by being a little more careful in the process. To add insult to injury, Captain Logan assigns them the additional task of training their replacements before they go; detectives Anthony Montoya  and Frank Sigliano , none other than the two undercover officers that saved them from being killed in the Gonzales bust. During one of the attempts to capture Gonzales, Ray and Danny confiscate a large shipment of his drugs coming from Colombia. In order to get them back, Gonzales kidnaps Danny’s ex-wife Anna , whom he still loves and has been trying to reconcile with, and says he will trade her for his drugs, otherwise he will kill her. Danny agrees, leading to the final confrontation inside the high-rise atrium of the James R. Thompson Center. During the ensuing firefight, Danny and Ray ironically rescue their would-be protégés in a way similar to their own rescuing, and Gonzales is killed. Anna and Danny reconcile and he and Ray decide not to retire after all."] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs  and Roger Murtaugh  arrive at an evacuated building believed to have a bomb in it. Against orders, they go inside to investigate the bomb. Riggs decides to deactivate the bomb himself instead of waiting for the Bomb Squad to arrive. Unfortunately, he causes the bomb to detonate and the whole building to collapse. This causes them to be demoted to uniform duties, which upsets Murtaugh because he only has seven days until retirement. While on street patrol, the two thwart a robbery using a duplicate armored car, although they only manage to catch one of the two would-be thieves. During the arrest, it is discovered the criminals were armed with a new type of armor-piercing bullet, informally referred to as "cop killers". For their efforts in stopping the raid, Riggs and Murtaugh are reinstated as Detectives by their superior, Captain Murphy . Murphy introduces internal affairs Sergeant Lorna Cole  to the two detectives and informs them that the suspect they have in custody from the raid is a known associate of former LAPD Lieutenant and suspected arms dealer: Jack Travis . In the meantime, the other criminal who escaped is brought before Travis who is conducting a business meeting with mobster Tyrone  to account for his actions which have led to police heat being focused on Travis\' arms business. Travis has his henchman throw the thief into a pit and has it filled with cement so as to display to Tyrone what happens to anyone who might double-cross him. Travis then goes to the county lockup, using his still valid police badge, gains access to the other raider, and executes him. Travis is unaware that he has committed this execution on camera, and when Cole and Riggs arrive on the scene, they are able to identify him using the footage. Back at the precinct Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole are reviewing the footage of the execution when they are interrupted by Leo Getz  who has dropped by to visit his two old buddies. When the detectives put the footage on pause to talk to Leo, Leo manages to recognise Travis and tells them where he can be found. A botched attempt to publicly arrest Travis follows, although the detectives believe that they may now have a lead to Travis\' arms warehouse. En route to rendezvous with Cole at the warehouse, Murtaugh and Riggs come under fire from Tyrone\'s thugs. Murtaugh kills one of them, Darryl, a young man that Murtaugh\'s son Nick had recently been emulating. Murtaugh, visibly distraught, stays at the scene and Riggs continues on to meet Cole. At the warehouse, Riggs and Cole are attacked by Travis\'s henchmen and the two detectives gain the upper hand, secure most of the armament shipment, and the same evening they fall in love. After learning from Rianne that Murtaugh had become withdrawn over the shooting of Darryl, Riggs confronts Murtaugh on his boat and after a tense exchange of words, he helps Murtaugh get over his guilt. At Darryl\'s funeral, his father implores Murtaugh to catch the man who put the gun in his son\'s hands. Riggs, Cole and Murtaugh arrest and interrogate Tyrone learning his weapons come from Jack Travis and raid a garage with more people working for Travis. Travis, no longer able to procure weapons through police arms dumps due to being exposed on the footage from the execution, has Captain Murphy kidnapped in a bid to use his clearance to gain access to the arms dumps. After having Leo work on getting information about a construction site that the garage workers were connected with, Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole realize Travis\' plan when Cole notices information has been hacked from the police computer, and they head to the LAPD arms dump to stop him. A major firefight breaks out at the arms dump between the detectives, their support, and Travis\' men. Murphy manages to free himself, and most of Travis\' men are either killed or apprehended. Travis manages to escape, and Riggs and Murtaugh vow to catch him. With the construction site details provided by Leo, the three depart for the construction site. At the construction site, the detectives come under heavy fire and eventually manage to destroy most of the site and Travis\' men. Travis is himself shot and killed by Riggs with his own armor-piercing bullets, after Travis shoots and wounds Cole and attempts to finish her off. Cole, however, manages to survive because she took the extra precaution of wearing two bullet-proof vests, and she and Riggs admit that they would like to get more serious with each other. On his retirement day, Roger tells his family, who start celebrating his retirement, that he has decided to remain with the force, preserving his partnership with Riggs; a choice which his family slowly comes to accept. After the credits roll, Riggs and Murtaugh pass a hotel which is under a bomb threat, and Riggs decides to take another try at disarming the charge. But before they can even get out of the car, the building blows up, forcing Riggs and Murtaugh to drive for their lives and their careers under the exasperated groan, "I\'m too old for this shit."'] ['Sergeant Joe Gavilan  is a financially strapped LAPD homicide detective who for several years has been moonlighting as a real estate broker. His partner is K.C. Calden , a much younger officer who teaches yoga on the side and wants to be an actor. The duo is assigned to investigate the murders of four men, members of a rap group called H2OClick who were gunned down in a nightclub by two unidentified assailants. While investigating, the detectives discover there had been a witness who escaped unnoticed. Gavilan is distracted by a looming real estate deal that may be the key to getting out of debt, while Calden pursues his acting dreams by trying to attract talent agents. Unknown to the detectives, Antoine Sartain , the manager of H2OClick, has his head of security eliminate the two hitmen they had hired to carry out the murders of H2OClick. Gavilan and Calden initially had believed the murders to be gang-related, but Gavilan sees the bodies of the hitmen at the morgue and concludes they were killed by someone else. Gavilan learns from an undercover officer  posing as a prostitute that the songwriter for H2OClick, a man named K-Roc, has gone missing. Gavilan believes he is the murder witness. It proves difficult to track down K-Roc when they cannot determine his real name. K-Roc is later revealed to be Oliver Robideaux, the son of Olivia Robideaux , a former Motown singer. The arrival of Lieutenant Bennie "The Executioner" Macko  from Internal Affairs at headquarters unnerves Gavilan -— they have a bad history ever since Gavilan proved him wrong on a case years ago. Gavilan\'s love interest, a psychic named Ruby , used to date Macko, who is intent on taking away both Gavilan and Calden\'s badges, going so far as to try to frame the two for corruption. Gavilan and Calden form a closer bond. Calden reveals that his father Danny Calden, also a cop, had been mysteriously gunned down during a sting operation gone wrong. The elder Calden\'s partner at the time, Leroy Wasley, was implicated in the murder, but later released on lack of evidence. K-Roc is tracked to his home, where Olivia Robideaux professes her son\'s innocence and claims Antoine Sartain, the manager of the group, was the real culprit. Sartain had been embezzling money from H2OClick, whose members found out and threatened to hire lawyers to nullify their contracts. Sartain hired the hitmen as a "lesson" to all clients of his record label. It also turns out that Sartain\'s head of security is none other than Leroy Wasley, and that Macko was in cahoots with him, as well. The detectives prepare to arrest Sartain and Wasley, but cannot locate them. Gavilan enlists the help of Ruby, who, after a brief meditating session, leads him and Calden to a Beverly Hills clothing store. Sartain and his men, including Wasley, happen to drive by the store, so Gavilan and Calden follow in a wild car chase through the streets of Los Angeles. After a crash, and subsequent shootout in front of Grauman\'s Chinese Theatre, Gavilan catches up with Sartain, while Calden pursues Wasley. During a struggle, Gavilan manages to throw Sartain off the top of a building, killing him. Meanwhile, Calden traps Wasley in an alley, and Wasley draws a gun on Calden. Wasley admits to killing the detective\'s father. Calden utilizes his acting skills to beg and plead for Wasley to spare him, which distracts Wasley enough, just as he is about the pull the trigger, for Calden to knock the gun away and wound Wasley with his duty weapon. Overcoming his desire to kill the man who murdered his father, Calden arrests him. Gavilan and Calden reunite as LAPD officers swarm the scene in the background. Macko appears and calls for the arrests of the two officers, but Macko is arrested for his association with Wasley and Sartain. The case over, Gavilan and Ruby  attend a production of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which Calden is furthering his acting ambitions by playing Stanley Kowalski. It is implied that Gavilan has successfully brokered the real estate deal. Cops to the end, though, both receive calls from headquarters, causing them to leave after the play.'] ['Lorna Cole is pregnant with LAPD sergeant Martin Riggs\' baby; they are not married, but both are thinking about it. Police sergeant Roger Murtaugh\'s daughter Rianne is also pregnant, and Riggs later learns from Lorna that Rianne has secretly married Lee Butters , a young detective who works at the same precinct as Murtaugh and Riggs – secretly because Roger had made it clear that his daughter should not marry a police officer. Riggs, Murtaugh, and Butters – with some assistance from Leo Getz , who is now a private detective – investigate a Chinese immigrant smuggling ring after they come across a vessel with a cargo hold of Chinese slave laborers; in the course of these events Murtaugh\'s boat is sunk. Murtaugh finds a dinghy alongside with a Chinese family whom he provides shelter for at his house, claiming to be "freeing slaves." Information about a crime boss named Benny Chan , a.k.a. "Uncle Benny," leads them to Chinatown, where they are introduced to a high-ranking Triad negotiator named Wah Sing Ku . Benny forces the three cops out of the restaurant without providing information on what his and the Triads\' plans are. Outside, the cops encounter the captain of the ship and chase him and another suspect. The other suspect turns out to be a restaurant waiter and is freed. Ku later kills the captain for letting the cops know about their secret plans. Riggs and Murtaugh hire Leo to follow Benny around, but after Hong, the father of the Chinese family Murtaugh rescued, contacts his uncle, they come home to find Ku and his men holding Lorna and Murtaugh\'s family hostage and that Hong and his family are taken away. After a brief fight, the house is set on fire with everyone tied up inside. Ping, one of the Hong children, however, frees them, having eluded captivity. Murtaugh and Riggs chase down two of the triad members down a freeway, but both men are killed in collision with traffic without giving any information on the Hongs\' whereabouts. Ku and the other men visit a Chinese-based holding cell being run by a corrupt Chinese general, who is holding four Triad overlords known as the "Four Fathers," one of whom is Ku\'s brother, and demanding a huge payoff from the Triads for their release. After Riggs and Murtaugh return to Murtaugh\'s home, Leo informs them and Butters that Benny is seeing his dentist, and using Leo to distract the dentist, the three cops use nitrous oxide to extract information from Benny. Riggs inadvertently reveals that Butters is Rianne\'s husband and the father of her baby. Because they had accidentally exposed themselves to the laughing gas as well, they misunderstood the information Benny provided them, which initially leads to some complications in their investigation. Ku brings the Hongs to the Triads\' hideout, where it is revealed that the Triads plan to give the corrupt general counterfeit Chinese money for the Four Fathers\' release. The captive artist working on the printing plates is the elder uncle to Hong and agreed to do the job in exchange for his family\'s safe passage to the United States. Ku kills Hong in order to secure his uncle\'s cooperation. With the printing plates completed, he and Benny are also killed for exposing the operation and to protect the forgery. Detective Ng, who is familiar with Chinese society, corrects Murtaugh and the other officers on the information Benny provided earlier and explains why the Triads torched Murtaugh\'s home. After Riggs picks up Ping and Lorna, the officers locate the hideout, but find only the dead and some of the counterfeit Chinese money inside. Ng once again helps them piece the entire operation together. At the meeting between Ku and the corrupt general, Riggs, Murtaugh, Butters and other detectives expose the counterfeit money; as a result the general kills three of the Four Fathers. Ku\'s henchmen kill the general, and a firefight breaks out between the cops, the Triads and the general\'s private army. Butters is shot in the back while protecting Murtaugh and Murtaugh kills Ku\'s brother while aiming for Ku. In revenge, Ku tries to kill Riggs and Murtaugh on a pier. Murtaugh is knocked out after impaling Ku on a piece of rebar while Riggs and Ku fall into the water when the pier collapses. Riggs struggles with Ku underwater and shoots him to death with an AK-47, but a slab of concrete from the pier falls and pins Riggs underwater until Murtaugh wakes up, jumps in, and saves him. Riggs visits his dead wife\'s grave and asks her for advice about his impending marriage with Lorna, about which he still has doubts. He is interrupted by the arrival of Leo, who tells a story from his childhood that makes Riggs see the idea of remarrying in a new light. Riggs\' pager goes off, indicating that Lorna is giving birth, and the two rush to the hospital. Riggs and Lorna are ceremonially married by a rabbi just before their and Rianne\'s babies are born, Murtaugh accepts Butters as his son-in-law, Riggs and Murtaugh are given their rank of Sergeant back and Hong\'s family is granted asylum.'] ['Convicted robber Albert Ganz  is working as part of a road gang in California, when a big Native American man named Billy Bear  drives up in a pickup truck and asks for water to cool off his truck’s overheating radiator. Ganz and Billy exchange insults and proceed to stage a fight with each other, wrestling in a river, and when the guards try to break up the fight, Billy slips a gun to Ganz, and Billy and Ganz kill two of the three guards and flee the scene. Two days later, Ganz and Billy kill Henry Wong , who was one of their partners. Later that same day, San Francisco cop Jack Cates  joins two of his friends and co-workers—Detective Algren  and Detective VanZant  -- at the Walden Hotel to check out a man named G.P. Polson, who is in room 27. It\'s a way of finding the thief who stole Polson\'s credit cards and used one of them to check into the hotel. Jack waits downstairs while Algren and VanZant head to room 27, where it turns out that the thief is Ganz. Ganz immediately kills VanZant, and shoots Algren, while Billy attends to some other business in the room next door to room 27. Jack hears the shots and rushes upstairs, where Algren tells him to go downstairs and find Ganz and Billy. Jack confronts Ganz and Billy downstairs. When Algren makes it downstairs, Ganz takes Jack\'s .44 revolver and uses it to kill Algren, and then Ganz and Billy escape with Jack\'s gun. The police station issues Jack a new gun, a Colt 1911 .45, and fellow cop Ben Kehoe  tells Jack about Ganz\'s former partner Reggie Hammond , who is in prison with 6 months to go on a three year sentence for armed robbery. Jack tells his boss, Haden , that he wants to work alone in the search for Ganz, and then Jack visits Reggie at the prison. Jack gets Reggie a 48 hour leave from the prison so Reggie can help Jack find Ganz and Billy. Reggie leads Jack to an apartment that Ganz\'s last remaining partner, Luther , lives in. Jack and Reggie don\'t know that a few days ago, Ganz and Billy kidnapped Luther\'s girlfriend Rosalie . When Jack steps inside Luther\'s apartment and starts looking around, Luther runs upstairs to the apartment and fires a shot at Jack. Jack chases Luther to Jack\'s car, where Reggie is handcuffed to the steering wheel. After getting nothing out of Luther, Jack puts Luther in jail. That night, Reggie leads Jack to Torchy\'s, a redneck hangout where Billy used to be a bartender. Reggie, on a challenge from Jack, shakes the bar down in a famous scene, single-handedly bringing the crowd under his control. They get a lead on Billy\'s old girlfriend, but this also leads nowhere, as the girlfriend says she threw Billy out. Jack, frustrated to the boiling point, lets loose on Reggie and they get into a relentless but ridiculous fistfight. Reggie finally tells Jack about the $500,000, stashed in the trunk of his car, the spoils of a drug deal gone bad when Ganz apparently sold Reggie out. The money is in the trunk of Reggie\'s car, parked in a garage for three years. It was also the prime reason why Ganz & Billy took Luther\'s girlfriend: they wanted Luther to get Reggie\'s money in exchange for her return to him. Luther goes and gets the car, and Jack and Reggie tail him to a Muni station where Ganz comes to get the money. Luther, however, recognizes Jack, and Ganz and Billy escape, while Reggie chases after Luther. Left with nothing, Jack ends up sitting at the station waiting for Reggie to call. Kehoe, about to leave, reminds Jack about a message from "your pal from the vice squad." Jack goes to Vroman\'s, in the Fillmore district, to find Reggie, who has tracked Luther to a hotel across the street. Jack, humbled, apologizes for continuously berating and insulting Reggie. He lends Reggie some money to pay for a hotel room, but when Reggie leaves to fool around with a girl he\'s met, he sees Luther leave the hotel. Luther gets onto a stolen bus driven by Billy and hands over the money to Ganz. Luther asks if Rosalie is okay and Ganz gets angry because he promised that he would not hurt her and shoots Luther. What happens to Rosalie is left ambiguous. Ganz spots Jack and Reggie following them, and a car chase/gunfight ensues, which ends when Billy forces Jack\'s Cadillac through the window of a Cadillac showroom. At this point following a heated verbal thrashing from Jack\'s boss Haden, Jack and Reggie are ready to resign themselves to the fact that they failed to catch Ganz. At a local bar before Reggie goes back to prison, Jack wonders if Billy might go back to see his girl and use her place as a hideout. It turns out that Billy did. Jack and Reggie force their way inside and after a brief confrontation Reggie shoots Billy. Ganz escapes into a maze of alleyways, capturing Reggie. Jack approaches and shoots Ganz, throwing him off Reggie, then finishes him off by shooting him repeatedly. Reggie is almost shocked by Jack\'s stone face and lack of feeling killing another man. Finally, Jack takes Reggie to go fool around with the girl he\'d been chasing. They agree to meet again when Reggie gets out of San Quentin in six months. Jack leaves the money in Reggie\'s car, but asks for a loan on another Cadillac when he gets out. Reggie insists to Jack that he will be an honest man going forward. Jack seems to accept this, and Jack takes Reggie back to prison.'] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh engage in a car chase with other LAPD detectives. When their objective crashes, Riggs and Murtaugh search the abandoned car and discover the trunk is full of gold Krugerrands , leading to the conclusion that the criminals in the pursuit are from Apartheid South Africa. Later that night, Arjen Rudd , the minister of affairs for the South African Consulate, orders his head of security Pieter Vorstedt  to warn Murtaugh and Trish at his home to cease the investigation around the Krugerrands. They do so, and in the wake of the attack on Murtaugh and his family, he and Riggs are reassigned to protecting a federal witness, Leo Getz , a loudmouthed accountant who decided to blow the whistle on his money laundering clients. A running gag in the film involves Murtaugh\'s daughter, who has appeared in a TV advertisement for condoms, embarrassing Murtaugh amongst his work colleagues. Mere moments after arriving at Getz\'s hotel room, an assassin posing as room service enters the room and tries to kill Getz. After falling out of the window into the hotel pool, Riggs and Murtaugh save Getz and discover he formerly laundered funds for the same drug smugglers. Getz leads them to the smugglers\' base of operations, a house on stilts. Riggs recognizes the assassin from the hotel, who then tries to make an escape by stealing a tow-truck parked outside the house. Riggs jumps onto the back of the tow truck, and Murtaugh and Getz chase after Riggs and the suspect. Later that day, Riggs and Murtaugh return to the house with full backup of detectives and uniform officers. Attempting to arrest the gang, Riggs and Murtaugh are confronted by Arjen Rudd and members of the South African Consulate. Vorstedt recognizes Riggs but before he can go any further, Rudd indignantly invokes diplomatic immunity on behalf of himself and his \'staff\', citing Riggs handling of the situation, "My dear officer, you could not even give me a parking ticket." Although ordered to leave Rudd and his associates alone, Riggs infiltrates the consulate\'s building and catches the name "Alba Varden," a name that appears familiar to Murtaugh. At the same time, Riggs begins to openly harass Rudd, and also begins a romance with Rudd\'s secretary, Rika van den Haas , who strongly dislikes both her boss and her country\'s policies. Riggs invites her to a dinner at his trailer and they end up sleeping together. Fed up with Riggs, Rudd orders Vorstedt to brutally murder the LAPD detectives investigating them. While guarding Getz, Murtaugh views an old birthday video and learns that Alba Varden is the name of a ship currently at the docks. He realizes that Rudd is planning to use the ship to smuggle his billions in drug money to Cape Town. At the same time Getz is kidnapped from Murtaugh\'s unguarded car, and Murtaugh is attacked by two of Vorstedt\'s men but manages to thwart them with a nail gun. On their part, Riggs and Rika manage to escape an attack in which Riggs\' trailer is shot up by Rudd\'s men via machineguns from two helicopters. When he returns Rika to her house, he is knocked out and captured by Vorstedt. Vorstedt confesses to murdering Riggs\'s wife years ago and drops him into the Los Angeles harbor in a straitjacket to drown. Riggs escapes by dislocating his shoulder , but finds Rika nearby, drowned. Vengeful, Riggs calls Murtaugh and announces that he is going after Vorstedt and Rudd. Leaving his own badge at the station, Murtaugh leaves to help him kill Vorstedt and Rudd. Meeting at Rudd\'s stilt house, Murtaugh heads inside to rescue Getz. Meanwhile, Riggs uses his truck to dislocate the stilts, causing the house to collapse just as Getz and Murtaugh escape. Because Murtaugh learned that the Alba Varden will leave for South Africa the next day, the sergeants go to the dock where the freighter is moored. They enter a cargo container and discover it is filled with millions in Rudd\'s drug money. When they are discovered and the cargo container is sealed, they use a Mercedes within the container to bust their way out. Riggs and Murtaugh rappel down ropes onto the deck of the Alba Varden, engaging the crew in a firefight and killing them one by one. Eventually, Riggs runs into Vorstedt, and they engage in a brutal hand-to-hand showdown, which ends with Riggs dropping a cargo container on Vorstedt, crushing him. Rudd appears from a balcony on the "Alba Varden" behind Riggs and shoots him before Murtaugh draws his gun and attempts to arrest the diplomat. Rudd holds up his ID and gloats, "Diplomatic immunity." Murtaugh shoots him in the head, replying: "It\'s just been revoked!", and afterwards tends to Riggs while the L.A.P.D. arrives.'] ["The story starts in the city of Mumbai where a motorcycle gang starts breaking into banks and other public places and vanishing on the Western Express Highway. ACP Jai Dixit  a no-nonsense cop, is called inside the case. He is married to Sweety . Jai seeks the help of a thief named Ali  and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails. Kabir ([[John Abraham , the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit by saying that he couldn't catch him even if he were right in front of him. He is proved correct and the failure of Dixit seemingly leads to the break-up of his partnership with Ali. Kabir then lures Ali into his gang to take place of Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Jai. Ali falls in love with Sheena , another gang member. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before becoming disbanded forever. Kabir now sets his eyes on the biggest casino in all of India. Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but soon they realize that Jai has led them right into a trap. Ali was working for Jai the whole time and a fight ensues. Kabir manages to escape from Jai, and goes back to the gang's truck where Ali has tied up Sheena. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal, but Ali is saved by the timely arrival of Jai at the scene. The gang minus Sheena flees, while Jai and Ali give chase. All the gang members sans Kabir are killed by Jai and Ali. Kabir tries to escape on his bike. He is then cornered by Jai and Ali with nowhere to go. So Kabir decides to commit suicide rather than let Jai arrest him, and rides his bike over the edge of a cliff and into the water. The movie ends with Jai and Ali bickering as usual. It is hinted at the end that Sheena will be arrested."] ['Marcus Burnett  and Mike Lowrey  are best friends and detectives in the narcotics division of the Miami-Dade Police Department. One night, $100 million of seized heroin is stolen from a secure police vault. This is a major blow to Burnett and Lowrey, because it was the biggest drug bust of their careers. Internal Affairs thinks that it was an inside job and warns Miami PD that if they do not recover the drugs in five days, the narcotics division will be shut down. One thief, a former cop named Eddie Domínguez, is found dead at a suite at the Biltmore Hotel, shot to death by his boss, French drug kingpin Fouchet. Fouchet also kills an escort, Maxine "Max" Logan, who was hired by Eddie. It is revealed that she is also one of Lowrey\'s ex-girlfriends and one of his major informants. The only witness to the crime is Max\'s best friend Julie Mott , who watched the crime from the upper balcony of the suite. Although she has not met Mike, because of Max\'s relationship with him Julie will only trust and deal with Lowrey. However, he is away when she contacts the police about the murders, threatening to run if she does not speak to Mike. Captain Conrad Howard  forces Burnett to impersonate Lowrey to get Julie to cooperate. In order to continue the deception, Burnett and Lowrey switch lives. Burnett tells his family he is going to Cleveland for a case, leaving Mike to stay with them. Burnett then moves into Lowrey\'s apartment with Julie and her dogs. In Julie\'s presence, Burnett poses as Lowrey while Mike poses as Burnett. The investigation proceeds with Lowrey and Burnett calling in on their old informants, including Jojo , a former chemist who now works at a tire store. Later, Julie identifies one of Max\'s killers, Noah Trafficante, while looking through mug shots. The two cops then head off to Club Hell, one of his known hangouts. Unbeknownst to them, Julie has followed, eager to dish out revenge on Max\'s killers. Her presence alerts the criminals, resulting in Noah fleeing. After a brief fight and car chase, Noah is killed. The incident is caught on camera by a news helicopter. The subsequent report is later seen by Burnett\'s family. Lowrey and Burnett decide to visit Jojo again. After an aggressive and convincing good cop-bad cop act from Lowrey and Burnett, Jojo tells them the location of the chemist who is cutting the stolen drugs. After staking out his house, they follow him to where Fouchet is hiding the drugs. They return to Mike\'s apartment with Julie, where they are confronted by Marcus\' wife who blows their cover, causing Julie to try to run. Fouchet and his gang arrive at Lowrey\'s apartment and kidnap Julie. Because of this, Internal Affairs reassigns all members of the narcotics division, effectively shutting them down, but Captain Howard delays the order to give Lowrey and Burnett a chance to get Julie and the drugs back. Burnett, Lowrey and two other members of the Miami P.D.  organize a plan to stop the criminals from killing Julie and selling the drugs. A final shoot-out erupts between the group of cops and the drug dealers at an abandoned air field. Burnett is shot in the leg after saving Julie from Fouchet. Fouchet also shoots Lowrey while escaping the building, which is now on fire, but he is rescued by Burnett and Julie who left to get Lowrey\'s car. The cops and Julie chase Fouchet\'s Shelby Cobra AC 427 in Mike\'s Porsche 911 Turbo. After Burnett bumps him off the road, Fouchet crashes but manages to escape the wreckage. Attempting to run, Fouchet is shot in the leg by Lowrey. Fouchet, knowing he is beaten, tries to goad Lowrey into killing him, which he almost does as revenge for Max\'s murder, until Burnett prevents it. While on the ground Fouchet then pulls out a concealed weapon and aims at Burnett, but seeing the reflection on his partner\'s forehead, Lowrey spins and shoots Fouchet numerous times, killing him. Later, after Marcus and Mike profess their mutual platonic love for one another and their relief in surviving the gun fight, Marcus handcuffs Julie and Mike\'s hands together and hobbles away hoping for some much needed "quality time" with his wife. Julie and Mike wonder if he has the keys to the handcuffs.'] ["The film begins with Mr. A  sky-diving and landing on a train that is carrying the British Queen. He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen and escapes. Newly-promoted officer Ali  and Jai Dixit  are introduced to Shonali Bose , a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai. After the initial investigation, Dixit analyzes the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis, a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow. However, Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect. He immediately flees to the other museum when a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. In a televised challenge to the police, Mr. A announces that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Dixit, Bose and Khan enforce a strict vigil at the location housing the sword. At night, Mr. A meets his impersonator in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword and escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri , a woman who idolizes Mr. A, and after this they form an alliance. In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Dixit's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. Meanwhile, the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance. He unveils his real identity, Aryan, to her. However, Mr. A discovers that Sunehri is a spy working for Jai after seeing them together at a theatre and then a parade. Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him, but Aryan forces her. However, after six attempted shots from the gun, neither is injured because Aryan had not inserted a bullet into the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and that she loves him. Elsewhere in Rio de Janeiro, Ali develops strong affections towards Monali , Shonali's twin sister. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Sunehri is caught by Ali. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free. After six months, it is revealed that Aryan is still alive and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other, but warns them against returning to their life of crime."] 