['The film takes place in Marseille, France, and involves an aspiring racecar driver named Daniel , who initially works as a pizza delivery boy, but changes jobs to become a taxi driver. With a supercharged Peugeot 406 he eludes the police while quickly transporting his fares to their destinations. Finally caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he is forced to help Émilien , a down-on-his-luck police inspector, on the trail of German bank robbers. Trying to juggle a budding relationship with his beautiful girlfriend Lilly  and a need for high-speed chases, Daniel helps Émilien so that he does not lose his license and quite possibly his job.'] ["Advertising executive Nick Beam  thinks his life is going very well—until he returns home from work and discovers that his wife  is apparently having an affair with his boss, Philip Barlow . On the edge of a nervous breakdown, Nick drives around the city until small-time carjacker T-Paul  jumps into his SUV and attempts to rob him. Turning the tables on his mugger, Nick kidnaps T. Paul on the spot and drives him to the desert. After T-Paul robs a gas station in the Arizona desert, the mismatched pair devise a scheme to rob Nick's boss in revenge for the affair. Nick knows the combination to a safe in his boss's office containing a large amount of cash, as well as the best time to enter, and where not to venture in the building. T-Paul knows the weaknesses of the security system, how to avoid the cameras, and how to get through any electronic locks that they might encounter. Another criminal duo  get blamed for the gas-station robbery and pursue the pair to L.A. After a brief confrontation, the two ram Nick's truck off the road. After escaping the 'real' criminals, the pair execute their plan. During the robbery, however, Beam reveals himself to the security cameras after damaging his boss' prize fertility statue. The situation worsens further as the crooks that Nick and Paul escaped from, who are now waiting outside, follow them to their hotel and place Paul in a trap for Beam to find when he returns from the bar. Nick calls his wife and discovers that she was not, in fact, having an affair—the cuff links he thought were his boss's were left by his boss at the Christmas party, and it was her sister and her sister's fiancee in the bed. Suddenly overcome with remorse, he quickly manages to rescue T-Paul from his  kidnappers and return the money to the safe, after tying up the crooks and leaving them in an alley for the police. Nick assures T-Paul that nobody will bother to look at the tapes, unless something is missing or damaged. After trying to figure out what to do with the money, Nick and T-Paul get into a fight, ending their partnership. T-Paul decides to walk home, while Nick drives home and tells his wife what happened to him. Of course, Nick's face is still on the tape, and  the tapes are being closely examined. Nick races to his boss's office, but arrives too late—only to discover that 'an electrician' has recorded over the tape. After finding T-Paul, it's revealed that T-Paul recorded over the tape, saving Nick from the life he himself was desperately trying to escape. In return, Nick gives T-Paul a legitimate job—as the electrician responsible for the security system he so easily bypassed. After the credits finish, a postman delivers a letter to the gas station T-Paul robbed. The owner opens it up and finds it full of money ."] ['After the death of tycoon and philanthropist Oscar Winterhaven Oglethorpe, a ballet company is founded in his name by his widow, Lillian . The formation of the ballet company leads to ambulance-chasing attorney Roland T. Flakfizer  vying against Oglethorpe\'s former attorney Edmund Lazlo  to be director of the company. Lazlo is chosen to be director of the company after signing the greatest ballet dancer in the world, "The Great Volare"  to dance for the company. Flakfizer, however — with assistance from his two associates Rocco  and Jacques ([[Bob Nelson  — earns a spot as co-director by wooing the wealthy widow and by signing the company\'s leading ballerina  and her dancer boyfriend Alan Grant . The ensuing struggle between Flakfizer and Lazlo leads to comic hijinks, including a badger game involving a chorus girl , and an opening-night performance ludicrously sabotaged by Flakfizer and his cohorts.'] ['Basil  is a half-English half-Greek writer who has been raised in Britain and bears all the hallmarks of an uptight, middle-class Englishman. He is waiting at a port in mainland Greece one day when he meets a gruff, yet enthusiastic peasant and musician named Zorba . Basil explains to Zorba that he is traveling to a rural Cretan village where his father owns some land, with the intention of opening up a lignite mine and perhaps curing his writer\'s block. Zorba relates his experience with mining and convinces Basil to take him along. When they arrive at Crete, they take a car to the village where they are greeted enthusiastically by the town\'s impoverished peasant community. They stay with an old, French war widow named Madame Hortense  in her self-styled "Hotel Ritz". The ever audacious Zorba tries to persuade Basil into making a move on Madame Hortense, but when he is reluctant, Zorba instead seizes the opportunity, and they form a relationship. Over the next few days, Basil and Zorba attempt to work the old lignite mine, but find it too unsafe and shut it down. Zorba then has an idea to use the forest opposite as a kind of logging area , however the land is owned by the powerful monastery of the village, so Zorba goes over there and befriends the monks by getting them drunk. Afterwards, he comes home to Basil and begins to dance in a way that mesmerizes Basil. Meanwhile, Basil and Zorba get their first introduction to "the Widow" , a young, widowed woman, who is incessantly teased by the townspeople for not remarrying, especially to a young, local boy who is madly in love with her, but whom she has spurned repeatedly. One rainy afternoon, Basil offers her his umbrella, which she reluctantly takes. Zorba suggests that she is attracted to him, but Basil, ever shy, denies this and refuses to pursue the widow. Basil hands Zorba some money, as he sends him off to the nearby town of Chania, where Zorba is to buy cable and other supplies for the implementation of his grand plan. Zorba says goodbye to Basil and Madame Hortense, who is by now madly in love with him. While in Chania, Zorba entertains himself at a cabaret and strikes up a brief romance with a much younger dancer. In a letter to Basil, he details his exploits and indicates that he has found love. Angered by Zorba\'s apparent irresponsibility and the squandering of his money, Basil untruthfully tells Madame Hortense that Zorba has declared his love to her and intends to marry her upon his return — to which she is ecstatic to the point of tears. Meanwhile, the Widow returns Basil\'s umbrella by way of Mimithos , the simple-minded village idiot. When Zorba eventually returns with supplies and gifts, he is surprised and angered to hear about Basil\'s lie to Madame Hortense. He also asks Basil concerning his whereabouts the night before. That night, Basil had finally gone to the Widow\'s house, made love to her and spent the night. The brief encounter comes at great cost. A villager catches sight of them, and word spreads, until the young, local boy who is in love with the Widow is taunted mercilessly about it. The next morning, the villagers find his body by the sea, where he has drowned himself out of shame. The boy\'s father holds a funeral which all the villagers attend. The widow attempts to come inconspicuously, but is blocked from entering the church. She is eventually trapped in the courtyard, where she is beaten and stoned by the villagers, who hold her responsible for the young boy\'s suicide. Basil, meek and fearful of intervening, tells Mimithos to quickly fetch Zorba. Zorba arrives just as a villager, a friend of the boy, tries to pull a knife and kill the widow. Zorba overpowers the much younger man and disarms him. Thinking that the situation is now under control, Zorba asks the Widow to follow him and turns his back. At that moment, the dead boy\'s father pulls his knife and cuts the widow\'s throat. She dies instantly, as the villagers shuffle away apathetically, whisking the father away. Only Basil, Zorba and Mimithos show any emotion at her murder. Basil proclaims his inability to intervene whereupon Zorba laments the futility of death. On a rainy day, Basil and Zorba come home and find Madame Hortense waiting for them. She expresses anger at Zorba for making no progress on the wedding. Zorba conjures up a story that he has ordered a white satin wedding dresses, lined with pearls and adorned with real gold. Madame Hortense pulls out two golden rings she had made and proposes their immediate engagement. Zorba tries to delay, but eventually agrees and goes along with gusto, to Basil\'s surprise. A while later, Madame Hortense who apparently has contracted pneumonia, is seen on her deathbed. Zorba stays by her side, along with Basil. Meanwhile, word gets round that "the foreigner" is dying, and that since she has no heirs, the State will take all her possessions and money. The desperately poor villagers crowd around her hotel, impatiently waiting for her demise so they can steal her belongings. Two old ladies enter her room and gaze expectantly at her, hoping to get first hands on all her belongings. Other women try to enter and raid her belongings, but Zorba can fight them off. In an instant of her death, the women re-enter Madame Hortense\'s bedroom to steal her most valued belongings. Zorba leaves with a sigh, as the hotel is ransacked and stripped bare by the shrieking and excited villagers. When Zorba returns to Madame Hortense\'s bedroom, the entire room is stripped bare apart from her bed  and the bird in her birdcage. Zorba takes the birdcage with him. Finally, Zorba\'s elaborate contraption to ferry timber down the hill is complete. A festive ceremony is held, and all the villagers have turned out to see it. After a blessing from the local priests, Zorba gives the signal to start by firing a rifle in the air. A log comes hurtling down the zip line at a worrying pace, destroying the log itself and slightly damaging part of the contraption. Zorba remains unconcerned and gives orders for a second log. This one also speeds down and shoots straight into the sea. By now the villagers and priests have become fearful and run for cover. Zorba remains unfazed and orders a third log, which accelerates down with such violence that it dislodges the entire contraption, destroying everything the men had worked for. The villagers flee, leaving only Basil and Zorba behind. Basil and Zorba sit by the shore to eat a rack of lamb for lunch. Zorba pretends to tell the future from the lamb shank, saying that he foresees a great journey to a big city. He then asks Basil directly when he plans to leave, and Basil replies that he will leave in a few days. Zorba declares his sadness about Basil\'s now imminent return to England and tells Basil that he is missing madness. Basil asks Zorba to teach him how to dance. Zorba teaches him the sirtaki and Basil begins to laugh hysterically at the catastrophic contraption. The story ends with both men enthusiastically dancing the sirtaki on the beach.'] ["Jerry  and Nick  are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom. After Nick runs into a friend who has married a beautiful, younger girl he met on a singles cruise, he decides to take a similar cruise with Jerry. Things do not go as planned though, after a vengeful travel agent books them on a cruise for gay men. During their trip, they come to learn that gay men are less objectionable than they first assumed. However, Jerry falls in love with the cruise's dance instructor Gabriella  and in order to win her over, he pretends to be gay so he can get closer to her. Meanwhile, Nick blossoms a romance with a bikini model named Inga . After an accidental affair with her mean, sex-obsessed coach Sonya , Nick must fend off Sonya who has fallen in love with him as well. In the end, Jerry wins Gabriella while Nick loses out on Inga but sees a potential relationship with her sister instead. However, he is then unwittingly  reunited with Sonya; much to his dismay and her arousal."] ['Charles Piper  and Mark Dodge  are two convicts who end up shackled together due to fighting, the pervert Mill who incited the fight then steals a gun from an officer and wipes out half of the officers. Piper and Dodge take off and soon the Attorney General\'s office has U.S. Marshal Pat Schiller  on the case. Informed of the escape, local cop Matthew "Gib" Gibson  starts getting suspicious of the feds\' interest in Dodge, who Gibson had earlier arrested. Gibson finds that Dodge has a hidden computer disk that contains information that could be very damaging to Cuban crime boss Frank Mantajano . Piper, who turns out to be a cop on the case, and Dodge must stay out of the clutches of Mantajano\'s hit man Rico Santiago , and corrupt federal agents who want to retrieve the disk.'] ['The movie begins when a robber , disguised as Santa Claus, breaks into Craig  and Day-Day\'s  house at 3:37am on Christmas Eve. Craig fights with the robber, trashing their apartment while making frantic, futile attempts to wake Day-Day. The robber escapes with Craig and Day-Day\'s Christmas presents and rent money. The same morning, the police come over to get a report. After the police leave, Ms. Pearly  comes in and says that if the two do not pay their rent money by the end of the day, she will evict them. Furthermore, she promises to send her homosexual ex-convict son, Damon , who just got out of prison after twelve years, after them if they do not pay in a timely manner. The same day, Craig and Day-Day get jobs as "Top Flight Security Guards" from Moly , the property manager and owner of a notoriously squalid dougnut shop and the shopping center that they are assigned to patrol. Later that day, they meet Donna  and Money Mike , who run a fledgling shop called \'Pimps and Hoes.\' The shopping center is also the home of a BBQ rib restaurant called \'Bros. BBQ\', owned by the cousins\' fathers, Willie ([[John Witherspoon  and Elroy . A couple of baseheads try to rob Money Mike\'s store and Craig and Day-Day catch them both. He offers them a cash reward but Craig denies it and invites him to his party. Willie and Elroy were having trouble with the children until one of the kids kick Elroy resulting in Elroy taking out a belt and starts a series of beatings on the kids. Then, a gang of thugs, supposedly the grandsons of some carolers that were chased off by Day-Day for loitering in front of the corner store, begin to chase Craig and Day-Day, but, unable to catch them, they proceed to beat Moly for hiding them, resulting in the two losing their jobs. As revenge, Willie rats Moly out to the Department of Health. Craig and Day-Day throw a rent party later that night to recoup their stolen money and stay in their apartment. While Money Mike is in the restroom, Damon attempts to rape him, but fails when Money Mike grabs his testicles with pliers. Damon then proceeds to chase him when he tries to run away. Also Ms. Pearly comes on to Craig\'s dad when he uses her bathroom, causing Craig\'s mom to fight Ms. Pearly when she catches the two. Craig and Day-Day see the robber and give chase, running into other obstacles and are ultimately unsuccessful. Eventually, the robber gets run over by Pinky\'s  limousine. The movie then ends when Craig and Day-Day retrieve their Christmas presents and tie the robber up on a chimney. During the credits, it is revealed that Craig and Donna hooked up after Craig returned and that Damon is still chasing Money Mike, and that Ms. Pearly tried to stop the party by calling the police, but they left after receiving marijuana as a bribe.'] ["On a snowy Saturday, in a midwestern winter landscape, Tony Norgard  desperately wants to go ice fishing. But he is pressured to attend his mother-in-law's birthday party on the same day. To resolve the dilemma, Tony pretends to be sick and stays in bed. While his little white lie allows him the chance for a secret outing, it comes with a heavy price. Through the day, misfortune seems to meet him at every turn. When he meets up with his dad Frank , things get worse. Tony's lie seems to have put a curse on what should otherwise have been a simple day of fishing for everyone. Unaware of the charade, Tony's wife Lila  happily goes about her day, sorry that her husband is at home, sick in bed, missing a great weekend of family fun. Tony befriends the spirited and very independent Stormy, , a beautiful, yet rugged ice fisherwoman. Stormy becomes one of the many unusual characters Tony meets in this frozen lake community of anglers. Through it all, even Tony is dwarfed by the magnitude of his compounding troubles. But he is an optimistic man and in his own way tries to put the best spin on the mess he has created. With hopeful confidence, Lila somehow manages to see past his ice-fishing antics. She remembers the honorable man she married, and armed with large amounts of grace, remains supportive. This comedy tells the tale of a cantankerous father and his bumbling but well-meaning son who share a joyous obsession for the age-old art of ice fishing.Frozen Stupid  - Plot summary"] ["Hoskins plays police sergeant Jack Moony, a racist cop and Washington plays Napoleon Stone, an adorable but sleazy ambulance chasing lawyer whom Moony hates. Moony's years of bad habits, such as overeating, smoking, and drinking, finally catch up with him. At the same time, Stone is gunned down in a drive-by shooting. After suffering a heart attack, Moony wakes up to find out that his new heart was once Stone's, and the dead lawyer's ghost has become his constant companion. Now, Moony will have to solve Stone's murder."] ['Willard  is an overworked, underpaid chauffeur who works for a mean-spirited pie heiress named Mrs. Crock , just as his father did before him. All Willard wants for Christmas is a new uniform, as the one he currently wears is the one his father was buried in, but Crock gives him a cheap pair of cuff links and a pie instead, while lavishing expensive gifts on her business partner Chip Oswald  and her prized dog Muffin. Finally fed up with being mistreated, Willard and his friend, local chicken restaurant owner Rusty , concoct a scheme to kidnap the dog and hold it for a $1,000,000 ransom. Muffin attacks him, leaving a great deal of destruction and Willard\'s blood at the scene, and the plan fails when the dog later escapes. However, Crock and the Pittsburgh police misinterpret the hastily scrawled ransom note and believe that Willard himself has been kidnapped. Crock refuses to pay up initially until met with public protests led by Willard\'s on-again off-again girlfriend Hillary . Willard and Rusty come up with a new scheme, in which Willard films a fake ransom video and releases it to the media, putting pressure on Crock to come up with the money to preserve her public image as a kindly old grandmother. The plan calls for Willard to mug his boss as she goes to drop off the ransom money, and to have a dead body left behind dressed as Willard to throw off the police. They enlist the services of a creepy morgue employee named Grover Cleaver  to find an appropriate corpse and schedule a meeting at night in the park. This plan also goes wrong, however, when Willard succeeds in getting the money, only to lose it to two small children who attack him with a taser and a shiv and steal the suitcase. Willard is found by the police and sent to a hospital, as the children have soundly brutalized him. The police then find the dead body that was supposed to take the place of Willard as he made his getaway, and Willard claims that it was his captor. The police are suspicious, as Grover used the body of an old homeless dwarf, but Willard claims he was "more ferocious when he was alive". Willard dejectedly returns to work for Mrs. Crock  until the mother of one of his attackers shows up and returns the briefcase. Overjoyed, Willard and Rusty plan to go on a long vacation only to find that the briefcase was filled with newspaper and cabbage. After interrogating Willard and Rusty , the police go after Grover, who goes on a rampage, kidnapping Mrs. Crock while waiting for the share of money Willard promised him. Willard goes to Grover and confronts his employer, finding out that the money was actually in the briefcase but was stolen by Chip Oswald, who planned to double-cross them all and make off with his boyfriend. He also discovers to everyone\'s disgust that his father was also Mrs. Crock\'s lover as well as manservant. After the police converge on Grover\'s place, Crock convinces them that the trio are actually her rescuers. In the end, Willard leads the police to Chip\'s apartment, where the ransom money is discovered. When Chip pulls a gun, Rusty panics and knocks him unconscious by hitting him in the head with a lava lamp. Mrs. Crock expresses her gratitude by paying for Willard to attend college in California and buying him a new Armani suit, and paying for Rusty to open a new Chicken Hole on the beach. Willard finally reconciles with Hillary, while Crock herself ends up in a romantic relationship with Grover.'] ['Tilt  is a young pinball wizard who has thoughts of running away from home. Skipping school one day, Tilt decides to go to Mickey\'s Bar, where the owner helps set her up for a pinball game with an unaware gambler named Felix . As the easily hustled Felix loses, Neil  watches and is impressed with Tilt\'s talent. Neil tells Tilt that he is a hopeful country and western star and needs to raise money to make a demo tape of his songs. After hearing Neil\'s musical talent, she\'s impressed and agrees to help by traveling with him, raising cash with her pinball skill. When the two eventually end up back at Neil\'s former employer, "The Whale" , Neil sets up a game between Tilt and him. However, Neil doesn\'t realize Tilt has caught on to his lies and manipulation, and his plans are not going to go as hoped.'] ['Refined actress Lauren Ames  finally has a chance to study with the great theatre professor Stanislav Korzenowski . Sandy Brozinsky , a brash, loud actress, decides through happenstance to also study with Korzenowski. Lauren and Sandy take an instant dislike to each other when they first meet in Korzenowski\'s class, but unknown to each other, both women begin dating the same man, Michael Sanders . When Michael "dies" in a gas explosion at a local store, Lauren and Sandy figure out that Michael may have faked his death, and they form an uneven alliance to follow leads across the country to find him and force him to choose between them. During their quest, Lauren and Sandy are chased by CIA agents, as well as Russian assassins who are also after Michael. When Lauren and Sandy finally find Michael, he tries to kill both of them and they are forced to run until they are captured by the federal agents. Lauren and Sandy learn that Michael is a double agent for the CIA who has now gone rogue, also working for the KGB, and that he has stolen a toxin that could destroy huge areas of nature with just a few drops. The CIA wants to find Michael to force him to give back the toxin bio-weapon, while the Russian assassins are men cheated by the double agent who work for Korzenowski, the ladies theatre professor. The chase leads to rural Arizona when Lauren is taken hostage by Michael and his rogue associates who force a trade with the CIA for the toxin, and with Korzenowski with the stolen cash he intended to give to Michael. When the trade goes awry, Lauren gets away with both the money and the toxin, with Michael in hot pursuit. Cornered on a series of mountain tops, Lauren uses her former ballet skills to evade him, culminating in a grand Jeté, as pursuing Michael slips and is killed on the rocks far below whilst the money is lost to native Indians. The women form a lasting friendship, and go on to perform Hamlet together, with Lauren in the title role. Note: Tres Cruces is also mentioned as a location for the bank in Charley Varrick'] ['The film opens with a group of thieves—led by Anthony Fait—attempting to steal diamonds for a Frenchman named Christophe, who serves as the middleman for a mysterious employer. When Fait contacts Christophe, a Taiwanese Intelligence Agent named Su intercepts the conversation and attempts to identify the criminals. While the crew gathers up as many diamonds as they can, including a bag of black diamonds, Agent Su calls Fait and demands that he and his crew leave the diamonds in the vault, warning him that the police are on the way. Fait, however, ignores this warning, and the criminals attempt a daring escape past a SWAT-team blockade. While Fait, Daria, and Tommy all manage to escape, Agent Su captures Miles and recovers Miles\' share of the diamonds. Su is disappointed to find that Miles does not have the black diamonds though. Fait, meanwhile, asks his friend Archie to appraise the black diamonds he had stolen. Arriving at the San Francisco International Airport, Christophe\'s mysterious employer, Yao Ling, is informed, by his assistant Sona, that Christophe has been attacked and that Fait and his gang have taken the black diamonds. Later that night, Fait runs into Su. During this inadvertent meeting, Fait receives a phone call from Yao Ling, who demands that Fait hand over the black diamonds. Fait refuses and is subsequently attacked by two of Ling\'s henchman. With Su\'s help, he defeats them and escapes. Soon after the fight, Archie tells Fait that some gangsters came to his workshop and demanded the black diamonds as well. After some hesitation, Archie admits that he gave the stones to the gangsters to spare his own life. Fait also receives another call from Ling, who has kidnapped Fait\'s daughter, Vanessa, to persuade Fait to give up the diamonds. Now with a common enemy, Fait and Su team up to recover the diamonds from the gangsters and rescue Vanessa from Ling. Fait visits jailed crime lord "Jump" Chambers, most likely the employer of the gangsters who had robbed Archie. When Chambers refuses to cooperate, Fait goes to Chambers\' night club, hoping to find the stones somewhere in his office. The plan goes awry, and Fait and the gang have to leave empty-handed. Meanwhile, Su and Archie go to an underground club to try to find the gangsters who attacked Archie. Because the club does not allow guests, Su is forced to enter as a fighter in the club\'s fighting ring. During Su\'s fight, Archie sees the man they are looking for, recognizing the man\'s ring. Through this informant, they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath in Chamber\'s office. When they return to the nightclub to retrieve the diamonds, they find that Yao Ling\'s men have already taken the stones. Meanwhile, while locked in a van, Vanessa finds a cell phone and calls her father. Just before the phone\'s battery runs out, Vanessa gives some clues as to her location. With these clues, the gang surmises that Vanessa is being held in an airport hangar. Realizing that Yao Ling will want to auction off the stones, which are actually weapons of mass destruction, the group searches flight schedules to find an airport where a large number of private flights will be landing that night. Finding the right airport, the group races to the hangar, where Yao Ling\'s auction is already starting. A fight ensues, and Fait and his crew take out members of Ling\'s team. Vanessa is rescued and Ling is killed by one of the stones. When the police arrive, Fait promises to end his criminal career in order to lead a safe and happy life with Vanessa. In a bonus scene during the credits, Tommy and Archie plan to make a movie with their story, using famous actors, such as Denzel Washington. They plan to get the director of the movies Exit Wounds and Romeo Must Die .'] ['Republican Senator Russell Kramer  wins the Presidential election, narrowly defeating Democratic Governor Matt Douglas . Four years later, Douglas wins a landslide victory over the incumbent Kramer. Another four years later, Kramer\'s former Vice President William Haney  defeats incumbent Douglas. Ted Matthews ([[John Heard , the Vice President under Haney, is widely seen as an idiot and becomes a continuing embarrassment for the Haney administration. A further three years later, Kramer spends his time writing books and speaking at various inconsequential functions. Meanwhile, Douglas is finishing his own book and going through a divorce. Kramer and Douglas are sent to a funeral aboard Air Force One by Haney, and spend the trip arguing with each other. The Democratic party learn about "Olympia", a series of bribes from defense contractor Charlie Reynolds  paid to Haney when he was Vice President. The Democratic National Committee chairman Joe Hollis  encourages Douglas to investigate further while Haney and his Chief of Staff Carl Witnaur  plot to frame Kramer. Hollis tells Douglas that the Democrats will support him for a Presidential run in return for his help. Douglas takes the offer hoping to beat Haney and get back into the Oval Office. When the rumors of Olympia begin to suggest that Kramer was involved, Kramer begins his own investigation. NSA agent Colonel Paul Tanner  has Reynolds assassinated when he attempts to tell Douglas the truth about Olympia. Kramer arrives at the scene and spots Reynolds\' body. Before they can flee, Douglas and Kramer are forced to board a helicopter by White House officials, claiming to be taking them to Camp David at the request of Haney. During the flight Douglas realizes that the helicopter is heading in the wrong direction. Suspicious, the former presidents force the pilots to land the helicopter. They leave just before the helicopter explodes. Kramer and Douglas are left stranded, with the realization that the explosion was meant to kill them. They decide to go to Kramer\'s Presidential Library in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio to obtain a record Kramer kept of all meals served during his time in the White House, which will prove Haney was present at a key meeting with Reynolds. During a series of misadventures, the two ex-Presidents meet a variety of ordinary Americans and see the effects their terms in office have had. After several close encounters with NSA agents, they arrive at the library and discover the evidence has been tampered with to implicate Kramer. A library guard gives Kramer a message from Reynolds\' secretary stating that Witnaur had recently met with Reynolds. Douglas and Kramer kidnap Witnaur and with Joe Hollis\'s help, force him to reveal the plot to frame Kramer, though Witnaur claims to have no knowledge of the attempts on their lives, blaming Tanner and Haney. Douglas and Kramer go to the White House to confront Haney. The pair manage to sneak into the White House with the help of the White House Executive Chef Rita and make it to the Oval Office only to discover that Haney is giving a press conference outside about their supposed deaths. Tanner traps Douglas and Kramer in a guest room but they utilize a secret tunnel to escape while the NSA give chase. Tanner catches up with them and is about to shoot them when he himself is killed by Secret Service Sniper Lieutenant Ralph Fleming, who has recognized the former presidents due to their accidental marching in a gay pride parade he was part of and disobeys orders to shoot them. Douglas and Kramer interrupt Haney\'s speech and take him to the Oval Office to talk. There they play Haney a tape of Witnaur\'s confession, but Haney denies knowledge of Reynolds\' murder or the helicopter explosion. Haney agrees to resign and proceeds to give a resignation speech, claiming to have heart problems. Douglas and Kramer muse that the idiotic Matthews will now be elevated from Vice President to President and realize that the only way it could have happened was under these circumstances. The pair confront Matthews who admits that he, not Haney, had engineered the entire plot so that he could become President, knowing Haney would take the fall. Matthews explains that his stupidity was just an act, but Douglas records his confession. Matthews is sent to jail. Nine months later, Douglas and Kramer are running together as independents in the Presidential election, arguing which of them will be the nominee for president. Douglas distracts Kramer by throwing a dollar on the floor, and takes to the podium to announce himself as the Presidential candidate, much to the chagrin of Kramer.'] ["Josh Mallon  and Ace Lannigan  are best friends and work aboard the same ship. As their ship returns to the US after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again. Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately. First, Ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her. Then Josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate Charles Coburn, has to fend off his fiancee, Gloria , and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business. Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement. Gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal. Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore. However, the pair only get as far as the island of Kaigoon before their money runs out. They rescue Mima , an exotic local  from her abusive dance-partner, Caesar , and she moves into their hut. Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin. The trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes. When Josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back to face his responsibilities. The resentful Caesar leads them to where Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast. By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love with Mima. She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee. Ace proposes to Mima, but before she can accept, Josh returns. The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then decide that she should choose between them. Mima picks Ace. Josh boards an ocean liner with Gloria and his father. Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the island illegally. Ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize that Mima really loves Josh. When Josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. Josh realizes that Ace and Mima must be on the island. When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really loves him."] ['Set in the then-future of 1996, Harley Davidson  is in a motel in Texas when he hears about a dangerous new street drug named "Crystal Dream" on the radio. The significance of this street drug does not arise again until later in the film. Harley then meets a life long friend, a cowboy who is nicknamed The Marlboro Man  and they later plan a bank robbery to help save their friend\'s bar from being foreclosed and replaced with a skyscraper. However, after they rob a bank\'s armored car, they discover the cargo they stole is the designer drug "Crystal Dream", not money. Chance Wilder , who is a bank president involved in drug dealing, demands the return of the drugs. A series of increasingly deadly encounters ensue as heavily-armed assassins  hunt for Harley and Marlboro.'] ['Following the events of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, Harold Lee and Kumar Patel set off on a flight to Amsterdam so that Harold can pursue a budding romance with his neighbor, Maria. Before they board their plane, they run into a friend from college, Colton, and Kumar\'s ex-girlfriend, Vanessa, who are getting married in Texas; Kumar questions whether he still loves her. During the flight a woman suspects Kumar of being a terrorist after mistaking his bong for a bomb. Sky marshals detain the duo and the plane diverts to Washington D.C. where Ron Fox, an obsessive and racist Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, sends them to Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba, thinking they are agents of a joint Al-Qaeda and North Korean conspiracy, against the advice of NSA Vice-Chairman Beecher. With the inadvertent assistance of two other prisoners, Harold and Kumar escape and board a Cuban refugee boat to Miami, Florida. They meet up with their college friend, Raza, who loans them a car so they can travel to Texas to get help from Colton, whose family has political connections. During the car ride, Kumar remembers first meeting Vanessa at the library and experiencing smoking a joint. Fox interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s parents utilizing an incompetent interpreter, despite their English fluency. Harold and Kumar end up lost in Birmingham, Alabama. They mistake a group of African Americans for gang members, and after crashing their car, they flee on foot from the approaching group, who were actually planning to repair the car. They meet a friendly hunter and stay with him and his wife at their well-kept trailer home, even sharing some weed. When someone knocks at the door, Harold and Kumar hide in the basement and discover the couple\'s inbred cycloptic son. At night, while Kumar dreams of a threesome with Vanessa and a large bag of weed, Harold is shocked to find the son in his bed, and they promptly leave. In the woods, Harold and Kumar encounter a Ku Klux Klan rally. They hide until some members approach with a beer keg. After knocking out the two members and putting on their robes, they mingle until the other two return, declaring them to be "Mexicans". The Klansmen chase Harold and Kumar until their leader accidentally sets himself on fire. The two run into Neil Patrick Harris, who offers them a ride. Fox continues demonstrating his racial ignorance as he interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s friends, Rosenberg and Goldstein. Harris, under the influence of psychedelic mushrooms, smuggles them past Fox\'s security checkpoint. They stop at a brothel, but while Harris leaves with a big breasted prostitute, Harold and Kumar separate and talk about their friendship issues with their girls. Harris causes a situation by branding his woman. As they flee, Harris is shot in the back. While grieving, Harold and Kumar look through Harris\' possessions, finding Chris Fehn\'s mask, a jar of human hair, and a dozen mace cans. Harold and Kumar arrive in Texas, where Colton promises to help them out of their situation, but when he sees Kumar reconnecting with Vanessa, he turns them over to Fox. Harold blames Kumar for the problems they have encountered. On the flight back to Guantanamo Bay, Kumar apologizes and they forgive each other. Harold uses Harris\' mace to incapacitate two guards, but Fox catches them. As he prepares to shoot them, an infuriated Beecher knocks down Fox and calls him out on his incompetence, saying that it is people like him who make Americans look stupid. He tries to tie Fox up but slips and knocks the plane door open, sucking out everyone inside. Kumar hangs on to Harold, who has deployed a parachute, and they crash through the roof of President George W. Bush\'s Texas house. Bush brings them to his recreation room, and they bond by smoking weed. Bush promises to pardon Harold and Kumar and to help them with whatever they need. Escorted by the Secret Service, Harold and Kumar interrupt Colton and Vanessa\'s wedding. Colton confronts Kumar, but Harold punches him, and Kumar reconnects with Vanessa by reciting the poem he was writing when they first met. The three head to Amsterdam where Harold reunites with Maria, and they tour Amsterdam. A post-credits scene reveals that Neil Patrick Harris is still alive.'] ['Blues Brothers 2000 resurfaces 18 years after The Blues Brothers with Elwood Blues  being released from prison, this time a rather high-tech private prison rather than the old Illinois state prison depicted in the first film. He learns that his brother Jake has died, along with their surrogate father figure Curtis , and that the orphanage the two had saved had eventually been demolished. However, Elwood is told of a second brother . The "brother" is the illegitimate son of Curtis named Cabel "Cab" Chamberlain  who, until Elwood enters his life, had no knowledge of being Curtis\'s son. Cab is a commander in the Illinois State Police. He angrily refuses to support Elwood, a habitual criminal, but Elwood inadvertently steals his wallet and purchases a used police squad car at a lot owned by Malvern Gasperon , who is leaving the business to move to New Orleans. Elwood takes a job as a master of ceremonies in a strip club owned by the drummer of the Blues Brothers band, Willie Hall. It is there where he discovers that the bartender, Mack McTeer , has exceptionally good singing talent. He also gets on the bad side of the Russian mafia who have been demanding payoffs from Willie. After the Russian mafia burns down the club, Elwood reunites the band. "Mighty" Mack is the new lead vocalist, with a 10-year-old orphan named Buster  also joining the band providing backing vocals and harmonica. The band travels to several locations from the first film with a depiction of how they have changed.  As well as upsetting the mafia, Elwood also falls foul of a white supremacy group  and the Illinois police force, at least until the zealous and ruthless Cab "sees the light" and becomes a Blues Brother with the help of Elwood\'s old friend, Rev. Cleophus James . Everyone heads south to Louisiana with the intention of entering a battle of the bands held at the mansion of a voodoo practitioner named Queen Moussette . They compete against the Louisiana Gator Boys, a band fronted by Malvern Gasperon. Police, criminals and various others are dealt with, after which Elwood and young Buster once again travel the road. The movie is dedicated to John Belushi, Cab Calloway, and John Candy, all of whom were in the original film and had died before the sequel began development.'] ["A little boy on the pier is waiting for his father; while waiting the boy puts on red dance shoes with bows on them and starts to dance around the pier. He is seen by his father and he rushes back and changes shoes quickly, hiding them in a bag before his father comes out disapproving. During the same time in a shoe factory a little boy is being taught of their livelihood as shoemakers and the value of shoes. The boy is uninterested. It then turns to present day where Charlie Price  the young boy now adult from the shoe factory is trying to save the family business. His father has died, leaving the sinking company in his hands. While firing people since the factory is losing funds he fires Lauren  who, before storming out the door, gives him the idea of looking for something to save the factory. Charlie travels to London for ideas, where he sees someone who he thought was a woman getting harassed by drunken hoodlums. Charlie is knocked out and wakes up in a back stage dressing room. In that chance encounter he meets sassy drag queen performer Lola , the alter ego of Simon. Charlie is intrigued by Lola, who points out that shoes are made for women and not for men which is why the heel keeps snapping. Charlie rehires Lauren and they promise to make Lola boots that support a man's weight. While making the boots Charlie sees the possible market of shoes for male transvestites. With the styling eye of Lola, Charlie leads the traditional factory to design and produce shoes for the catwalk in Milan, Italy. However, things go awry as Charlie's girlfriend wants him to sell the company, male employees are unsupportive of the idea, and Charlie is overworking the employees. Still Lola is not afraid to save the day."] ['At Middlebury College in 1969, four friends, Elise Elliot , Brenda Morelli , Annie MacDuggan , and Cynthia Swann , are graduating. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bulgari pearl necklaces. As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them , Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid a Bulgari pearl necklace , and she has her mail letters to them. She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping off the balcony after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil , married his much younger mistress the day before. Her former friends aren\'t doing much better: Brenda is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially. Elise, whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Annie, meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband. Shortly after Cynthia\'s funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie\'s husband, Aaron , leaves her for her younger therapist  and asks her for a divorce after assuming that spending a night together would reconcile them; Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty  and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly , and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill , is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only wanted for the mother of the leading lady. Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letter that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide. After all three read their letter from Cynthia and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes. Annie\'s lesbian daughter Chris  also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father\'s advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information. Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine  who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron\'s partners. However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him. Brenda and Elise hurl vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart. When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and while Bill hasn\'t done anything wrong they can make him think he has. They trick him into thinking that his mistress  is a minor. Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia. The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead". While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt. The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing "You Don\'t Own Me".'] ["A huckster named Sammy  travels to Romania on business. After a disappointment, he crashes his car and is rescued while unconscious by an enormous Romanian man named Max , close to 8 feet tall. Once he wakes up and interacts with Max, he sees potential stardom in him. Sammy attempts to broker his introduction into the movies. In doing so he exploits Max's desire to visit a long-lost paramour, Lilliana, in Gallup, New Mexico. First, Max obtains the role of a villain in a movie, but he is so drunk that he vomits on the protagonist. However, the scene is included in the movie. One day, Sammy talks to Steven Seagal about including Max as a villain in one of his movies, convincing him that he needs a different kind of villain. At first Seagal rejects him because there was another actor who would take that role, but he changes his opinion after listening an extract of a Shakesperian play done by Max. Suddenly, after some medical exams, Max is diagnosed with heart disease, which is incurable by a transplant because Max's heart is so big. Sammy decides to find Lilliana, and tries to convince her to meet Max again, but she rejects the invitation. Sammy then convinces his wife to take the role of Lilliana and after some words, Max asks her for a kiss. Sammy eventually decides to return Max home to Romania. Max refuses to go back, but finally he enters the house and meet his parents again, who abandoned him when he was born. Sammy ends up watching Max's first filmed scene in a cinema with his family."] ["About one third of the film takes place in 1950, after the war, when the returning Czechoslovak pilots were imprisoned by the new communist government for colluding with the capitalists. Most of these scenes are the interactions between Franta Sláma, and his fellow inmates in the prison hospital . The film switches back between the war and the prison. The first scene in the film is in the workshop of the prison. Sláma is at a sewing machine when he collapses and is taken to the hospital. The film proper begins in 1939, just days prior to the German invasion of Czechoslovakia. After the invasion, the Czechoslovakian military is disbanded and the Czechoslovaks have to give up their aircraft. However, Franta and the younger Karel, among others, refuse to submit to their occupiers, and flee to the United Kingdom to join the RAF. Once they arrive, the British force the Czechoslovaks to retrain from the basics, which infuriates them, especially Karel, who is both impatient to fight the Germans and humiliated to be retaught what he already knows. Karel also sees the compulsory English language lessons as a pointless waste of his time. The RAF is in such a bad need of pilots during the Battle of Britain that eventually the Czech and Slovak airmen are allowed to fly, and after their first sortie they realise why the British were training them so intensely: a young Czechoslovak nicknamed Tom Tom is shot down by a Messerschmitt Bf-109. In a different mission while attempting to shoot down a He-111 the rear gunner hits Karel's Spitfire. However he manages to bail out and find his way to a farm. At this farm he meets Susan, whom he falls in love with . The next day, after returning to the aerodrome, Karel brings Franta to meet Susan. The latter begins to get on well with Susan, though Karel believes that he is still Susan's boyfriend. A sort of love triangle develops, though it takes Karel quite some time to realise that Susan has feelings for his commander, and it is not until late in the film when he realises that they are in a relationship with each other. Following a mission to France where the squadron attacks a train, Karel is shot down and Franta lands to rescue him, a move that shows that the two's friendship endures. But soon after the mission, Karel learns about the relationship between Franta and Susan, which leads to a quarrel. A few missions later while escorting American bombers, Franta's airplane has a malfunction and is forced to ditch into the ocean. His inflatable life raft bursts as he tries to inflate it and Karel decides to help him by dropping his own raft. While attempting to eject the raft, Karel accidentally hits the ocean surface and kills himself.  Afterwards, when the war was over, Franta makes the drive to the home of Susan only to find her with her injured husband who had returned from fighting overseas. It is very clear to him that he has no future with Susan now that her husband has returned. However, he protects Susan's relationship with her husband by pretending to have lost his way and needing to ask directions to the next town. Disappointed by what has happened, Franta returns to Czechoslovakia and finds his old girlfriend has married the neighbourhood jobsworth, has given birth to a child, and has taken over Barcha, his dog. These various discoveries come as bitter disappointments to Franta, though all he can do is face the situation as stoically as he can, since there is absolutely nothing he can do to change it. The movie ends with Franta still in prison, daydreaming that he and Karel are talking while flying their Spitfires."] ['During the Mexican Revolution, a peasant named El Vasco  starts a revolt in his town by killing the army colonel in charge. Rebel leader and self-appointed General Mongo  soon arrives on the scene and hires El Vasco to his revolutionary gang. However, Mongo is more interested in gaining fortune for himself than for his country. Yodlaf Peterson , a Swedish mercenary arrives in Mexico to sell guns to General Mongo. The safe containing the money is locked and only Professor Xantos  knows the combination. Xantos is the leader of a student counter-revolution that opposes violence, and is held in a prison by the United States army, after he tried to find funding from the US and did not agree to give the monopoly of his country\'s entire oil wealth in return. El Vasco dislikes the suit-wearing Peterson and calls him a "penguin", but at the suggestion of General Mongo, the two reluctantly join forces and set out to capture Xantos. Their task is made harder by the American army and a wooden-armed American named John , who wants to exact revenge on Peterson, his former business partner. Peterson had left John to die after he was crucified, and his pet hawk had to peck his right hand off to save him. In order to maximize their personal gain and to support Xantos\' rebel fighters, El Vasco and Peterson have to doublecross Mongo. They receive help from Lola , the leader of Xantos\' rebel group, to whom El Vasco develops a crush, and her group of young revolutionaries.{{cite web}}'] [' Geoff Carter  is a pilot and the manager of Barranca Airways, a small, barely solvent air service owned by "Dutchy" Van Reiter  carrying mail from the fictional South American port town of Barranca over the Andes Mountains. Bonnie Lee , a piano-playing entertainer, arrives one day and becomes infatuated with Carter, despite his fatalistic attitude about the dangerous mountain flying, and stays on in Barranca . The situation is complicated by the appearance of Bat MacPherson  and his wife Judy . MacPherson is a pilot shunned by other fliers because he once bailed out of a plane, leaving his mechanic &mdash; the brother of "Kid" Dabb ([[Thomas Mitchell , Carter\'s best friend &mdash; to be killed in the resulting crash. Carter needs pilots desperately, but he is unwilling to hire MacPherson even so. However, when Judy begs him to give her husband a chance, he gives in, with the proviso that MacPherson will get the most dangerous flights. MacPherson understands and accepts the setup: none of the other pilots would shed a tear if he were lost. Dutchy will secure a lucrative government mail contract that would put the airline on a solid financial footing if he can provide reliable service during a trial period. On the last day of the trial, bad weather closes a mountain pass. Bat and Kid try flying over the mountains in a new Ford Trimotor instead. However, they are unable to climb high enough. On the way back, a bird crashes through the windshield, paralyzing Kid. Bat refuses to bail out and manages to land the burning plane. Kid dies, but not before telling Geoff of Bat\'s heroism. As a result, Bat is finally welcomed by the others. Bonnie finally gives up on Geoff and bids him goodbye. He offers to toss a coin to decide: heads, she stays; tails, she leaves. Then the weather clears; Geoff rushes out to secure the all-important contract. Bonnie is unwilling to decide her life so haphazardly, until she sees that the coin has heads on both sides.'] ['Roy Munson  is a bowling prodigy who wins the 1979 Iowa state amateur championship and plans to leave his tiny  hometown of Ocelot, Iowa, to go on the Professional Bowlers Tour. He wins his first tournament, defeating an established pro named Ernie McCracken . Soon after, McCracken convinces Munson to help him hustle some bowlers. The con goes badly, and McCracken flees while the bowlers they swindled cut off Munson\'s hand in revenge. In present day, a down-and-out Munson sports a prosthetic hook covered with a fake rubber hand and sells bowling alley supplies for a living, with little success. Roy resides in a seedy apartment building in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where an unpleasant landlady  is constantly after him to pay overdue rent. On a sales call, Munson catches sight of an Amish man, Ishmael Boorg , rolling a respectable game. Munson tries to convince Ishmael to turn pro, with him acting as manager. Ishmael declines the offer as he has little interest in worldly affairs – bowling is his only vice. After having unwanted sex with his repulsive landlady in lieu of rent, Roy sees a headline on a bowling magazine advertising a $1,000,000 winner-take-all tournament in Reno, Nevada. Posing as an Amish man, Roy visits the Boorg family home to try and convince Ishmael to enter the tournament. Ishmael reluctantly agrees when he receives news that the Amish community will lose their land unless a $500,000 payment can be raised. Roy discovers that Ishmael is not as skilled as he first thought, as Ishmael\'s self-proclaimed 270 average is based on a 15-frame game, instead of the standard 10 frames – based on the notion that the Amish are obligated by tradition to do everything "half-again" as much as everyone else. A disgruntled Roy decides to take Ishmael home, but Ishmael convinces Roy to give him another chance and take him to Reno. Roy reluctantly agrees and after some coaching along the way Ishmael\'s game steadily improves. During the road trip, Roy introduces Ishmael to worldly vices. The pair wind up at a mansion owned by a hoodlum named Stanley whom they plan to hustle. When Stanley discovers their ploy, he threatens them with violence, but his girlfriend Claudia , tired of Stanley\'s abuse, helps the pair escape and they all continue on the road to Reno. When Claudia disapproves of Roy\'s exploitation of Ishmael, Roy tries to abandon her but she thwarts his plan and they begin to fight, at which point Ishmael abandons them both. As they search for him, they make a stop in Ocelot, and Claudia\'s attitude towards Roy softens when she learns that he was too ashamed of his failure to return home even for his father\'s funeral. They finally reunite with Ishmael and make their way to Reno. At a Reno hotel, Roy runs into McCracken, who is now a bowling celebrity entered in the $1,000,000 tournament. McCracken insults Roy, and infuriates Ishmael to the point where he takes a swing at him. McCracken ducks and Ishmael hits a wall and breaks his hand, leaving him unable to bowl. To make matters worse, Stanley tracks Claudia to Reno, steals the trio\'s bankroll and forces Claudia to leave with him. Hurt and confused by Claudia\'s apparent abandonment, Ishmael tries to convince Roy that they still have a chance to win the $1,000,000 – if Roy will bowl. Roy finally agrees and enters the tournament, rolling the ball with his prosthetic rubber hand. Despite all odds, Roy has a Cinderella run through the tournament, defeating both pro bowlers Mark Roth and Randy Pedersen on his way to face McCracken in the final. The two competitors are closely matched heading into the final frame, until Ishmael\'s brother arrives and orders Ishmael to return home with him immediately. Distracted by his friend\'s sudden absence, Roy rolls the most difficult of splits  but is miraculously able to convert it, thereby forcing McCracken to roll three strikes to beat him. McCracken ultimately does so, and wins the tournament. The next day, Stanley violently approaches Roy, thus accusing him of stealing his gambling winnings. Roy tells him that he does not have the money, but reluctantly blames McCracken for hand mishap. Ultimately, the blames switches to McCracken, with Stanley seeking to find and kill him for stealing his bankroll. Roy returns to his seedy apartment where he is surprised by an unexpected visitor at his door. Claudia has returned with the bankroll she had taken from Stanley, now doubled since Stanley bet against Roy in the final. She proposes the cash be split three-ways between Roy, Ishmael and herself, but instead Roy produces a $500,000 check he has received from Trojan condoms for an endorsement deal – thanks to his fake hand which earned him the nickname "Rubber Man" during the ESPN-televised tournament. Roy pointedly states that the money is going to be split "one-way". The story ends with Roy sitting together with Claudia in the Boorg household after giving the $500,000 to the Amish so their community can be saved. Roy has also covered for Ishmael\'s indiscretions on the road and portrays him as a hero to his family. As the credits roll, Roy and Claudia happily drive away together.'] ["Two Harlem detectives are assigned by the NYPD to recover $87,000 of poor black families life savings, which have been stolen in a Back to Africa swindle; the money is concealed in a bale of cotton, which keeps changing hands. The detectives, Gravedigger Jones  and Coffin Ed Johnson , are two black cops with a reputation for breaking the odd head. Both are annoyed at the success of the charismatic black nationalist leader Reverend Deke O'Malley  who is selling trips back to Africa to the poor on the installment plan. When O'Malley's truck is hijacked at a barbecue and a bale of cotton stuffed with money is lost in the chase, Harlem is turned upside down by Gravedigger and Coffin Ed, the Reverend, and the hijackers."] ["{{Plot}} A man named Andy Fiddler  is in his bathroom, preparing a speech. He works for a dental supply company, and lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He will soon be giving a speech to investors in Detroit. At Detroit, ATF agent Derrick Vann , whose partner was recently murdered, is trying to retrieve some guns that were stolen from a federal armory, and are soon to be sold. After a visit to his informant Booty  , he sets up a buy. He is to go to a diner and be reading a USA Today. Unfortunately, Andy is in the diner, and his favorite newspaper is USA Today. A menacing Englishman  sits next to him and hands him a paper bag with “his taste” in it then leaves. Andy pulls a cell phone out of it, then a gun, which the waitress sees and thinks Andy is holding the place up. That's when Vann walks into the diner and cuffs him. Soon, Vann realizes that the gun traffickers mistook Andy for him, and drags Andy along with him. The cell phone that Fiddler receives rings, with the menacing Brit, whose name we later find out is Joey, is on the other end of the line. He wants “Turk”  to drop $20,000 dollars in a certain trash can. Vann reveals that he has the money, and needs Fiddler to drop it. Andy tries to perform the drop plain and simple. Unfortunately, a homeless guy screws this up, and the traffickers just drive by. Andy gets another call asking him what happened. He tells them that there were complications. Joey says he will call back in about an hour. Meanwhile, Andy tries to get away, only to have Vann graze him with a gunshot to the rear. Before Vann picks him up, Andy gets word to 9-1-1 via the cellphone, running a make on Vann's license plate numbers. Vann then suggests Andy use the taco sauce in his glove compartment to ease the pain of the bullet wound. Andy's 9-1-1 call proves effective and a group of squad cars pull them over, much to Vann's dismay, and he is furious at Andy for running a make on his plate. The police discover that Vann is ATF and move aside. Andy is taken in for questioning due to an outstanding warrant on his criminal record- he purchased a stolen rug in Turkey without knowing that it was stolen-, but Vann gets him out of prison to assist him in his investigation as the public contact. Vann then takes Andy to make a stop at a friends house. The “friend” is a gun dealer that Vann knows named Manny Cortez. He finds Manny shot dead on his toilet seat. The killer was Joey. At the same time, Andy, who is handcuffed to the passenger door, attempts to drive the car with one hand. Vann chases after him in a car he “borrows” and eventually pulls him over. When back in the car, Andy complains that he is hungry. Vann takes him to a burger joint. After quickly exiting the car, Vann gets a call from his ex-wife Dara , who reminds him about his daughter Kate's  dance recital. Vann explains to Kate that he is on assignment. He gets distracted when the phone that Joey gave to Fiddler rings. Joey says he wants to meet Turk in a restaurant, where they will make the exchange. However, Joey says he wants $500,000 for the whole batch. Vann goes to his confiscated items buddy Santos , who eventually gives into his requests. They head to the restaurant, and Andy enters. Fiddler sits down with Joey and discusses the deal. After some inquests by Joey about how he got the money so fast he throws Joey the money saying it means nothing to a powerful trafficker like him. He also gives Joey back the cell and tells him that he makes the calls now. When Andy tells Vann what he did, he is furious, but Andy explains that they now get to decide where the meeting takes place, and get backup there. He also tells Vann that they should let Joey simmer for a bit before calling him. Fidler suggests that they go to Vann's daughter's dance recital, which they do. After that, they leave and call Joey. They arrange for a meeting which they attend with no backup. Upon meeting Joey and his cronies, Joey asks who Vann is. Andy tells him that Vann will do anything that is told. After an embarrassing confession to this by Vann, they are taken to Joey's residence, where they are put in the pool in case they are wired. Joey tells them that he still thinks Vann is a cop. Vann admits this, and tells them that he is betraying the service to make some money. Joey is convinced, and Vann takes Andy to his hotel, and they say goodbye. The next day, Andy gives his speech, and it goes well. When he exits the building, Internal Affairs agent Peters  grabs him and throws him in a surveillance truck. They tell him that Vann was lying to both him and them, and that he is actually trying to buy the guns and killed Booty, Cortez, and Vann's partner himself. They need him to wear a wire and get a confession out of Vann. Meanwhile, back at ATF offices, Vann is suspended, and his boss  tells him that Andy was setting him up. Andy, now wired, enters Vann's office and says they need to talk. Vann starts driving to the exchange with Andy in tow. Recognizing Andy acting agitated, Vann asks him straight out if he is wired. Andy admits he is. They enter the barn where the exchange is going to go down. Joey is skeptical and pulls a gun on Vann. The police enter, after hearing everything through the wire. Andy manages to disarm Joey before Joey gets shot, and Vann gets shot in the buttocks. Vann then takes Andy to the airport, and they say goodbye. However, Vann sets off the metal detectors escorting Andy through airport security. He blames it on Andy, and the last shot of the film is of a protesting Andy being led away for a cavity search."] ["Ollie and his wife are enjoying a quiet Sunday at home until Stan shows up, eager to play some golf. After Stan breaks the Hardys' Victrola and nearly sets fire to their house, Mrs. Hardy chases the boys out. At the golf course, they are partnered with a pair of comely young lasses to complete a foursome. The girls want to be treated to sodas, but the boys are short of money. Stan leaves his watch to settle the thirty-cent bill. On the course, they tangle with rude golfer Edgar Kennedy, and wind up in a mud-throwing battle with several other linksters."] ['{{Plot}} Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker  are two low-level employees at an insurance corporation in New York City who uncover a $2 million fraud involving multiple life insurance policies that were issued after the death of the insured. They take their findings to their boss Bernie Lomax , who commends them for discovering insurance fraud and invites them to his Hampton Island beach house for the following Labor Day weekend. Unbeknownst to Larry and Richard, Bernie is behind the fraud and nervously arranges with his mob partners to have them both killed that weekend and arrange it as a murder-suicide. However, the gangsters double cross Bernie and decide to have him killed instead, citing his reckless greed and his affair with the mob boss Vito\'s girlfriend as the motivation. Bernie arrives at the island before Larry and Richard and speaks to the appointed hitman Paulie  on the phone, to plan out the murders and establish an alibi, unaware that the entire conversation is being recorded on Bernie\'s answering machine. Bernie then writes a confession and plants cash implicating Larry and Richard in the insurance fraud. Paulie arrives, kills Bernie with heroin and plants it on him to make it appear as a drug overdose. When Larry and Richard arrive at the beach house, they find their boss unresponsive and are shocked to discover that he is dead. Before they can call the police, however, guests start arriving for a "floating" party that passes through Bernie\'s house every weekend. To Larry and Richard\'s amazement, the vast majority of people are too engrossed in their own partying to notice that their host is deceased, with Bernie\'s dark sunglasses and dopey grin from the fatal injection betraying his lifeless state. Fearing they will be implicated in their boss\'s death, Larry proposes that he and Richard maintain the facade, a notion that Richard finds absurd. Only the arrival of Richard\'s office crush, summer intern Gwen Saunders, convinces him to postpone notifying the police. After the party, Richard manages to take Gwen out on a romantic walk on the beach, but Bernie\'s body ends up being carried out by the tide and washes up next to them, prompting Richard to take the oblivious Gwen back to the house and conscript Larry into retrieving the corpse. Vito\'s girlfriend Tina suddenly arrives at the beach house, inebriated, infuriated, and convinced that Bernie has been cheating on her. She threatens Larry and Richard with a knife and they direct her to the upstairs bedroom, but remarkably, she also fails to realize that he is dead. At that same moment, another man from Vito\'s gang is seen spying on the house and witnesses the two of them supposedly making love. Fooled into thinking that Bernie\'s assassination failed, he immediately notifies Vito, who orders Paulie back to the house to finish the job. The next morning, Richard is appalled to discover that Larry is maintaining the illusion that Bernie is alive by manipulating his corpse. The two continually bicker about alerting the police until Richard, realizing that Larry is unwilling to do so, attempts to call the police himself but instead accidentally activates the phone message detailing the plot against them. Upon discovering the money and the note, they realize that alerting the police will implicate them. Unaware of the circumstances of Bernie\'s death, they mistakenly believing that they are still the targets of a mob hit, they decide to use Bernie\'s corpse as a prop for protection. Paulie, in the meantime, has returned to the island and strangles Bernie\'s corpse. The two make various attempts to leave the island, but Bernie\'s body becomes repeatedly misplaced and recovered in the process. They attempt to board the mainland ferry with Bernie in tow, but are too late to board; Paulie, unfortunately, sees them and assumes that Bernie has somehow survived. They attempt to leave using Bernie\'s speedboat, but the vessel runs out of fuel halfway through the trip and they are forced to swim back using Bernie\'s body as a floatation device. Gwen sees them return and angrily decides to confront Richard for his bizarre behavior. Paulie, becoming increasingly agitated and unhinged at the inexplicable "immortality" of Bernie, immediately charters a return to the island. At the house, Gwen confronts Larry and Richard, who break down and reveal that they had found Bernie dead right from the start, which horrifies her when she sees his corpse. At that moment, Paulie returns and empties a pistol into Bernie\'s chest immediately after entering the house. Once he realizes that the three are witnesses, he chases them through the house, firing wildly until he is forced to reload. Larry takes advantage and clumsily subdues him with a phone cord and a punch. The police eventually arrive to place Paulie under arrest for first degree murder, carting him off in a strait-jacket as he continues to insist Bernie is still alive. The film ends with Bernie being loaded into an ambulance. However, his gurney rolls away and topples off the boardwalk, dumping him onto the beach where a young boy comes along and starts to play by scooping buckets of sand over his body.'] ['Margo  is a woman from New Jersey who marries a fellow New Jersey native Jake . After it becomes evident that their marriage will not last, the two are divorced and Margo is remarried, this time to Rock ([[William Dozier , a California surfer. However, this marriage does not last long either and they are quickly divorced. Jake and Rock were previously introduced to each other by Margo and, after they are both divorced from her, they form a friendship and live as roommates. The two have very little in common except for the fact that they married and divorced the same woman. They become best friends, even though they constantly irritate each other, and they decide to write a film based on their experience of being married to Margo. During their work on the project, they meet many more people just like them whose lives were impacted by Margo.'] ["After serving an eighteen-month sentence for breaking and entering, Git Hynes, ([[Peter McDonald  walks into trouble on the day of his release from jail. He goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Sabrina Bradley, , who has dumped him for his best friend Anto ([[David Wilmot . When Git goes to confront Anto about this, he learns that the latter's gambling addiction has left him heavily in debt to the bookies, who are about to take his fingers as collateral. Git jumps in and saves his friend from a beating, but uses a broken bottle to permanently disfigure the ringleader, who happens to be the nephew of mob boss Tom French ([[Tony Doyle . At a sit-down, Tom French decrees that Git must work off Anto's debt as punishment for his interference. He is ordered to drive to Cork to find French's associate Frank Grogan ; and bring him back to Dublin. Holding Anto as a hostage, French pairs the reluctant Git with half-wit and heavy handed mobster, Bunny Kelly . While bickering and dodging bullets, the two encounter mayhem and discover each others' deepest secrets. An unlikely friendship begins to develop between them. {{Expand section}}"] ['In 1991, it is three years since a massive flying saucer carrying 300,000 enslaved aliens, the "Newcomers", landed in the Mojave Desert. Los Angeles, California has become the new home of the aliens. As a part of their integration into society they have been assigned human names, often well known ones such as Harley Davidson and Humphrey Bogart. Many humans discriminate against the aliens, calling them  \'Slags\'  and the ghettos where they live as  \'Slagtown\' . LAPD Det. Matthew Sykes  encounters two Newcomers murdering another named Cecil Porter  in an apparent convenience store robbery. Sykes\' partner Bill Tuggle  is killed in the ensuing gunfight - in return fire Sykes kills one of the robbers, but the second escapes. The next day, Captain Warner  informs his squad they will have Newcomer detective Samuel Francisco  joining them and that he needs a partner. Although a specist, Sykes volunteers to work with Francisco in investigating the murder of Newcomer Warren Hubley as he hopes this will provide the opportunity to find his partner\'s killer - Francisco has already informed Sykes that Hubley and Porter were killed with the same rare ammunition. Sykes nicknames his new partner "George", as "Sam" makes him sound too much like "San Francisco". Warner assigns the robbery murder case to detectives Fedorchuk  and Alterez ([[Tony Perez . At a crime lab, Francisco detects an abnormality on one of the dead Newcomer criminals and requests additional test to be run. After interviewing Porter\'s son Trent Porter ([[Brian Thompson , Sykes and Francisco go to a nightclub called Encounters to discuss a link in the homicides with Newcomer Joshua Strader . However, they instead end up talking with his girlfriend Cassandra , after Strader is murdered by Newcomer businessman William Harcourt  and his henchman Rudyard Kipling  - the second Newcomer present at the Porter murder. Strader is killed by immersion in sea water, which is highly corrosive to Newcomers. During their later investigation Sykes and Francisco attempt to identify Straders washed up remains, but Francisco is terrified of the sea, and remains a safe distance from the ocean. As Sykes talks to Fedorchuk and Alterez he becomes infuriated with their attitude towards Francisco, and briefly attacks Fedorchuk then throws their car keys into the ocean. Harcourt is about to launch plans to exploit the alien race by mass producing a potent narcotic called Jabrukha. The drug was used to pacify and enslave the Newcomers, but has no beneficial effect on humans. The abnormality noticed by Francisco on the body of the Newcomer criminal was a sign of the drug\'s influence. Hubley, Porter and Strader were involved in the operation, but were later murdered so Harcourt had sole control of the operation and its profits. Sykes and Francisco track Harcourt to the Encounters club, where he is negotiating a timetable for the distribution of Jabrukha. The detectives attempt to foil his plans, leading to a car chase in downtown Los Angeles. Following a head-on collision where Francisco is injured and Kipling subsequently killed, Sykes chases Harcourt on foot and corners him on a deserted drawbridge. Harcourt then purposely overdoses on a sample of Jabrukha. Harcourt is taken away by ambulance presumed dead, but instead mutates into a massive and powerful Newcomer and goes on a rampage. Francisco realises that Harcourt is still alive, and the duo pursue Harcourt. Catching up with him at a pier, Sykes leads the giant alien onto the deck of a fishing trawler. The pair then end up in fighting in the sea as Harcourt\'s body finally disintegrates. Francisco commandeers a police helicopter, and rescues Sykes from the water. The scene shifts to Sykes and Francisco at Sykes\' daughters wedding. Sykes apologises in advance for all the things he is likely to say and do to his partner - to which Francisco replies "You\'re only human."'] ["When Spider , the President of a young men's drinking club becomes engaged, his oldest friend and best man, Des,  decides to film the run up to the wedding as a gift to the betrothed – secretly hoping the on‐screen carnage will de‐rail the marriage."] ['IKON, an obsolete Soviet communications satellite is about to fall out of orbit, and NASA is instructed, for political reasons, to capture it, rather than allow it to crash. The onboard systems respond, but are so archaic that nobody at NASA understands them. Retired United States Air Force colonel, test pilot and electrical engineer, Dr. Frank Corvin , who designed the original Skylab guidance systems from which the Soviet satellite\'s system had been copied, is asked to help, despite the longstanding animosity between the engineer and project director Bob Gerson . About 40 years ago , Corvin\'s prospects as an astronaut had been dashed when Gerson, who at the time was a senior Air Force officer, replaced Corvin and his three-man team with a chimp. Meanwhile, NASA engineer Sara Holland  argues with project manager Gerson regarding conflicting political and engineering concerns over the decaying satellite. Corvin, initially unwilling to work with Gerson, insists that there is not enough time to train anybody. He proposes to go himself, and he will not go without his old team, \'Team Dædalus\': Jerry O\'Neill , a skirt-chasing engineer who designs roller coasters since abandoning supersonic stealth aircraft; former Air Force pilot-turned crop duster and stubborn risk-taker William "Hawk" Hawkins ; and former navigator "Tank" Sullivan , who is now a Baptist minister. Gerson agrees, intending to string Corvin along until younger astronauts are up to speed on the system. The press later learns of the situation and the four men become celebrities, which leads to the political head of NASA, the Vice President, demanding that they be sent on the mission. Competitive rivalry between the young astronauts and Team Dædalus continues, while Holland grows fond of Hawkins. During medical tests, Hawk is found to have terminal pancreatic cancer, and has only about eight months left to live. Due to the urgent nature of the mission and since his illness would not impair his effectiveness on the mission, he is deemed flightworthy. The mission goes ahead with two crews, old and new, flying the space shuttle, which is also named Daedalus. They capture the satellite, but discover that it is armed with six nuclear missiles, a dangerous and still active relic of the Cold War and a violation of the Outer Space Treaty. The team also learns that the system the satellite uses  was stolen by the KGB from Gerson\'s personal files. The team decides to use the payload-assist rockets that the shuttle is carrying in order to push the satellite out of Earth orbit into deep space. Ethan Glance , one of the younger astronauts, follows Gerson\'s secret orders to try to move IKON into a stable orbit by himself. He connects the PAM rockets against Corvin\'s orders, accidentally activating the satellite, and is incapacitated in the process. It collides with the shuttle, causing extensive damage. Roger Hines , the shuttle pilot, is seriously injured in the collision, leaving the four senior astronauts to handle the crisis. Corvin and Hawkins deactivate the satellite. They then discover that there are not enough undamaged rockets to stabilize its now rapidly deteriorating orbit. With time running out, they decide to use the satellite\'s own missiles\' rockets to push it away. There is one hitch: somebody has to go along to manually launch the missiles at the right time to ensure they do not enter an Earth-bound trajectory. Hawk makes the choice to complete the suicide run, reasoning that he is the best pilot of the group and is dying anyway. He aims for the Moon, his lifelong ambition. Meanwhile, the rest of the crew on the shuttle are not out of danger. The shuttle\'s computers are not responding and most of the propulsion systems are damaged. NASA controllers decide to have the crew bring the shuttle as low as possible, then abandon ship and let it crash into the ocean. Corvin performs a de-orbit burn successfully as the space shuttle enters the atmosphere. He makes it safely through, and flies to Florida, where he has Jerry see that the younger astronauts have safely parachuted out. Tank refuses to leave Corvin on the shuttle, as does Jerry. Corvin manages to land the shuttle at the Kennedy Space Center, duplicating Hawk\'s previous performance in a shuttle simulator. Later, Corvin and his wife Barbara  stand by their home and stare at the moon. "Do you think he made it?", Barbara asks. "Yeah. I think he made it." Corvin replies. Their Earth-bound view of the moon fades into a near image of the moon as we hear the Frank Sinatra song "Fly Me to the Moon". As the viewpoint sweeps close across the surface of the moon we see wreckage from IKON and Hawk\'s body lying in a slightly reclined sitting position against a rocky outcrop where he had dragged himself from the wreckage. As the view comes closer, the Earth is seen reflected in Hawk\'s golden sun visor.'] ["After serving in Europe during World War II, Herbie Brown  and Slicker Smith  return to the United States aboard a troop ship. Also onboard is their old sergeant, Collins . As the ship nears New York, Collins and his superiors search the men's belongings for contraband. A six-year old French orphan, Evey , whom Herbie and Slicker befriended, is found in Herbie's duffle bag. She is handed over to Lieutenant Sylvia Hunter  who delivers her to immigration officials in New York. However, during a shift change at the office, Evey is mistaken for a neighborhood kid and set free. Meanwhile, Herbie and Slicker are back to their pre-war occupation of peddling ties in Times Square. Collins is back at his old job as well, as a police officer assigned to the same beat. He is about to arrest the boys when Evey shows up and helps them escape. Herbie and Slicker attempt to adopt Evey, but are told that one of them must be married and have a steady income. Evey suggests that Herbie marry Sylvia. They show up at her apartment, but learn that Sylvia already has a boyfriend, Bill Gregory ([[Tom Brown . Bill is a midget car racer. He is sure he will win the $20,000 prize at the Gold Cup Stakes, but his car is being held at a local garage until past due bills are paid. Herbie and Slicker use their separation pay and loans from their old service pals to get the car out of hock. Collins, however, has other plans. He stakes out the garage in hopes of catching them and returning Evey to the immigration authorities to get himself back in good favor with his boss. He eventually chases them to the track, where Herbie gets in Bill's race car and leads everyone on a wild chase through the streets of New York. Herbie is eventually caught, but not before the head of an automobile company is impressed enough to order twenty cars and 200 engines. With his financial future secure, Bill can now marry Sylvia and adopt Evey. Slicker and Herbie will be allowed to visit Evey if they get jobs. Collins' captain suggests that they join the police force, which they do...with Collins as their instructor!"] ['Peter Klaven , a real estate agent, just got engaged to longtime girlfriend Zooey Rice . Zooey is ecstatic about the engagement and calls her friends Denise  and Hailey  to tell them about it, but Peter does not seem to have any close friends to share the good news with. While visiting his parents, it\'s revealed that Peter is apparently more adept at getting along with women, and has a history of allowing his male friends to fall by the wayside when he is involved with a woman. After overhearing Zooey\'s female friends voicing their concerns over his lack of close male friends, Peter realizes he needs to find male friends in order to have a best man for his upcoming wedding. Peter turns to his gay younger brother, Robbie , for advice on dealing with men. He attends a Los Angeles Galaxy game with a man named Lonnie , who has a rather loud and annoyingly high pitched voice, and who starts fighting with fellow spectators. He has dinner with another man named Doug , who he soon discovers is gay and thought Peter was as well. He also has lunch with an elderly man named Mel . He even joins Denise\'s somewhat hostile husband, Barry , and his friends for their poker night. Barry is not fond of Peter in the first place, a situation which soon escalates; Peter inadvertently projectile-vomits on Barry after winning a beer-drinking contest, prompting an angry Barry to kick him out of his house. Feeling rejected, Peter is about to give up, when during an open house at Lou Ferrigno\'s mansion which Peter is trying to sell, he meets Sydney Fife , an investor who is attending the showing simply to pick up divorced women and take advantage of the free food. The two hit it off very well and exchange business cards. Later, Peter calls Sydney, and they go out for drinks. The two quickly become friends, and Sydney eventually invites Peter into his "man cave," a space in his garage where he keeps his collection of musical instruments, and various other belongings. Peter and Sydney quickly bond over their mutual adoration of the progressive rock band Rush, and start meeting frequently for jam sessions at Sidney\'s man cave. Peter finally introduces Sydney to Zooey at their engagement party, where Hailey makes advances on Sydney, who appears uninterested. The meeting takes an unfortunate turn when a nervous Sydney makes a very awkward and inappropriate toast . The next night, Peter is watching TV with Zooey, when Sydney calls and talks Peter into joining him for a Rush concert. Hesitant to break his plans, Peter reluctantly agrees to go on the condition that he can bring Zooey. During the concert, Peter and Sydney bond, leaving Zooey feeling ignored. The next day, while shopping for tuxedos, Sydney asks Peter why he is marrying Zooey, and also asks for an $8,000 loan. After some thought, Peter decides to loan Sydney the money, and later grants him the honor of being best man at his wedding. Zooey, meanwhile, has become suspicious of Sydney, especially after he gets into a fight with Lou Ferrigno , which may cost Peter the exclusive sales rights to Ferrigno\'s house. Peter tells Zooey that he lent Sydney money and asks her if she knows why they are getting married. Hurt and angry, Zooey leaves to stay at Denise and Barry\'s house. Peter leaves for work the next morning only to discover that Sydney has used the $8,000 loan to purchase several ridiculous billboard advertisements promoting Peter\'s real estate business. Still upset over his fight with Zooey, Peter confronts Sydney and decides to end their friendship. Peter then patches things up with Zooey, explaining to her that while he is nervous, he is ready to get married. Upon arriving at work, Peter discovers that Sydney\'s billboard advertising campaign was successful, as he immediately begins receiving more clients and offers on the Ferrigno house. Encouraged by this career boost, Peter finally stands up to his insufferable colleague, Tevin Downey , who has been badgering Peter for half the selling rights to the lucrative Ferrigno property. When Tevin makes one final attempt to get a piece of the Ferrigno listing, Peter slaps him across his face and tells him to stay away from it. While Zooey and Peter prepare for the wedding, Sydney finds himself alone and desperate to hang with someone, but phone calls to his other friends, who all have wives and children, prove futile, and he even out of boredom and depression, watches Chocolat, which is a movie Peter mentioned watching with Zooey on what he felt was the best night of his life in the last couple of years. Peter feels bad about fighting with Sydney but does not re-invite him to the wedding. Instead, he assembles an array of random groomsmen that includes Robbie, father Oswald , Doug, Lonnie, Mel, and Ferrigno. Before the wedding, Zooey sees Peter looking forlorn, clearly missing his friend Sydney. She calls and invites Sydney, who is, unbeknownst to them, already en-route to the wedding. Just before the vows are to be taken, Sydney makes a dramatic entrance via moped. He informs Peter and Zooey that he is, in fact, a successful investor and returns the money he borrowed from Peter, stating that the billboards were the couple\'s wedding present. Peter and Zooey declare their love to each other, Sydney assumes the role of best man, and the wedding commences. As the end credits begin to roll, we see the wedding reception, where Peter and Sydney join the hired band  in a rendition of the Rush song "Limelight" and even pull Zooey on stage to join them. Meanwhile Hailey and Lonnie get together, Denise ends up throwing up on Barry, whose anger over it subsides when she mentions she\'s pregnant, and finally when the song ends, Sydney attempts to toast the newlyweds and Peter runs to frantically stop him as the screen cuts out'] ['Italian American Harry Valentini and his Jewish friend and next-door neighbor Moe Dickstein occupy the bottom rung of Newark Mafia boss Anthony Castelo\'s gang. Making a living by doing Castelo\'s lowest jobs  the two men dream of opening the world\'s first Jewish-Italian delicatessen. However, they get little to no respect from their boss or his subordinates, who frequently ridicule them. They accompany Frank "The Fixer" Acavano, one of Castelo\'s top men and a violent, heavyset psychopath, to Meadowlands Racetrack to place a bet on Castelo\'s behalf. Valentini changes horses at the last minute because his boss usually bets on the wrong one. However, this time Castelo had fixed the race, meaning that Harry and Moe now owe their boss thousands. After a night of torture, both are forced to agree to kill each other. Unaware that each has made a deal and frightened following the murder of Harry\'s cousin Marco, they steal Acavano\'s Cadillac and travel to Atlantic City to see Harry\'s uncle Mike, a retired mobster who started Castelo in the crime business. After using Acavano\'s credit cards to pay for a luxury stay in a hotel owned by their old friend Bobby DiLea, the two go to Uncle Mike\'s house to ask for help. They find only Uncle Mike\'s ashes, leading to Moe leaving in disgust. Grandma Valentini, however, is able to give Harry the money he owes. Harry tries to get DiLea to sort things out with Castelo. As he and Moe leave the hotel, their limo is being driven by Acavano, after DiLea appears to double-cross the two. Harry luckily spies Castelo\'s hitmen and decides to stay behind and gamble the money. After a chase through the hotel casino, Moe catches up to Harry and accidentally shoots him. Harry is pronounced dead and Moe flees. Back in Newark, Moe hides out of sight at Harry\'s funeral. He is spotted by the huge Acavano  and Castelo resolves to kill Moe after the service. Moe returns to his house and prepares to hang himself. Before doing so, sees a vision of Harry at the foot of the stairs. He quickly realizes that it is actually Harry, who arranged the whole thing with DiLea. Moe is thrilled, although he is so shocked that he is almost hanged anyway until Harry intervenes. Harry provides a skeleton for Moe and they write a suicide note before turning on the gas and setting fire to the curtains. As the two leave Moe\'s house, however, the door slams shut and puts the fire out. Castelo and his men enter to find a bizarre scene. Castelo takes out a cigarette, prompting his stooges to routinely spark their lighters for him. Acavano asks "Who farted?", prompting Castelo to realize the house is filled with gas just before the house explodes, with the crew inside it. Harry and Moe return to Atlantic City, where Moe bemoans the fact that they didn\'t keep the money. Harry informs him that he did save the money, but has invested it. Moe seems perturbed, but the film ends with their dream realized as the two stand in their Jewish-Italian delicatessen.'] ['The film depicts the lives and misadventures of two "resting"  young actor friends in 1969 London. They are the flamboyant alcoholic Withnail and "I"  as his more level-headed, anxiety-prone friend and the film\'s narrator. Withnail is filled with indignation over life\'s injustices, despite his privileged background. He rages against the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune all the more because he blames others for the adverse consequences of his exuberant arrogance and habitual lying. Withnail sets the tone for the friendship, with Marwood going along with whatever Withnail wants to do. They live in a filthy Georgian flat in Camden Town. While they wait for a part, daily life revolves around getting coins to use in the meters that provide gas or electricity, going to collect benefits, and waiting for the pubs to open so they can drink and be somewhere with heating. The film begins with Marwood smoking in the darkened flat. When he has finished he goes to a café and reads disturbing articles in a newspaper. Needing a change of scene, Withnail and Marwood decide to take a recuperative holiday in the countryside. Withnail secures the loan of the country cottage belonging to his eccentric, gay uncle, Monty. Monty is an old boy of Harrow School, and it is suggested that Withnail is one too. Monty is told that Marwood went to "the other place". Monty is an aesthete, nostalgic for a by-gone age of beauty and poetic friendship among young men, and, fancying himself an actor, is fond of quoting Charles Baudelaire and reciting passages from Hamlet. His only companion in the large luxurious Chelsea house in which he resides is a pet cat with which he is seen constantly arguing. Withnail and Marwood get into Marwood\'s battered Jaguar Mark 2, which is parked next to a scene of demolition of some old houses  and set off north along the motorway. The holiday doesn\'t quite go according to plan: although the countryside is beautiful, the weather is cold and often inclement, the cottage is run-down and dusty, they have little food or supplies and the locals are surly and unwelcoming – in particular a threatening poacher, Jake, whom Withnail offends. Then an intruder breaks into the cottage in the middle of the night. Withnail and Marwood are terrified, believing that the intruder is Jake. Comically, the intruder turns out to be Monty, who has been stranded for "an aeon" with a punctured tyre. They greet Monty with mixed emotions. Monty brings them ample supplies of food and wine, but it soon becomes clear that – having been falsely told by Withnail that Marwood is gay – he has designs on Marwood and will not be deterred by politeness. In a farcical scene of bedroom-switching, Monty eventually corners Marwood, bursting into his room and proclaiming his desire to "have [him] even if it must be burglary." Terrified, Marwood manages to stave off Monty\'s overtures with the excuse that he has a permanent relationship with Withnail that he is afraid to reveal. Monty, who believes in love and loyalty, accepts this excuse as the whole truth and apologises for coming between them. Rebuffed, Monty leaves the cottage in the night for London. The next morning, Marwood finds Monty\'s gracious note of apology and reads it aloud, feeling sympathy for him. Withnail, who is eagerly drinking Monty\'s fine wine, takes no responsibility for the chaos he has caused, and Marwood begins to distance himself from his friend. Marwood receives a telegram that confirms that he has an audition for a part, and he insists that they go back to London immediately. After Withnail  tries to "make time" by driving the car while Marwood sleeps, and swerving all over the road, they encounter a police van and eventually pull over for it. Withnail is arrested for driving while intoxicated, and attempting to give them someone else\'s urine sample from a Fairy Liquid bottle attached by a tube to his penis. The pair return to the flat, to find a man lying in their bath. Danny, who is squatting at the flat, opines that the oncoming end of the 1960s is the end of the "greatest decade in the history of mankind" and that "there are going to be a lot of refugees." The three, and Danny\'s friend Presuming Ed , get high smoking a "Camberwell carrot" ([[Joint . Marwood calls his agent and discovers that the production company now want him to play the lead part in the play. He gets his curly hair cut short, packs his bags, and prepares to leave for the station for what he hopes is a new and more mature phase of his life. He wants to leave by himself, but Withnail insists upon accompanying him at least part of the way, while drinking from a bottle of Monty\'s wine; "\'53 Margaux, best of the century." Marwood leaves Withnail in the rain in Regent\'s Park. There, for the first time, Withnail sincerely reveals himself, declaiming "What a piece of work is a man!" from Act 2 Scene ii of Hamlet to an uncomprehending pack of wolves behind a fence in the adjoining London Zoo.{{cite news}} Then, the camera remains still as he turns and walks further and further away into the distance, swinging the bottle, as the credits start to roll.'] ['This classic western film takes place in 1863 and stars the sheriff Upton , who tries to keep the law in a small town in Utah. His main problem is his friend Cheyenne , who for a time was a criminal but has long since been reformed. When the bank is robbed, Cheyenne becomes, in the eyes of the community, the prime suspect. Only his friend seems to be convinced of his innocence.'] ["The film  concerns two Israeli car salesmen who initially think the world is their oyster after a rare 1985 Lincoln Continental limousine – curiously with Quebec license plates  – falls into their laps at their used-car dealership in Tel Aviv. After reviewing a publication by the corporate German dealership Auto Decker in Düsseldorf, they are led to believe that the car could net them as much as €50,000 and sail with the vehicle to Germany in order to sell it. While learning that the task may not be as easy as hoped, they are also confronted with a number of emotional episodes. Shmuel  is an Ashkenazi Jew, whose parents were Holocaust survivors, and is surprised to find how affected he is by the voyage. His companion Siso  is a Mizrahi Jew of modest means who, unlike his companion, has no working knowledge of English , and is therefore often overwhelmed and confused during their experience. To Siso, Shmuel's history is largely unknown, and a tragic curiosity. The dialogue between Siso and Shmuel is in Hebrew, but due to the circumstances, much of the film is also in English and German."] ['L.A.P.D. Homicide Sergeant Roger Murtaugh  is worried about getting old, having recently celebrated his 50th birthday. He receives a message from Michael Hunsaker ([[Tom Atkins , an old Vietnam War friend who Murtaugh realizes he has not seen in over 12 years. Before he can meet him, he is called to investigate a suicide and learns that the victim is Hunsaker\'s daughter, Amanda. Elsewhere, L.A.P.D. Narcotics Sergeant Martin Riggs , who is suicidal following the recent death of his wife in a traffic accident, nearly kills a disarmed suspect after flying into a psychotic rage during a drug bust. Wary of his behavior, Riggs\' superiors transfer him to Homicide, making him and Murtaugh reluctant partners. Amanda\'s autopsy results show that she had taken drugs laced with drain cleaner. Even though she jumped to her death, she would have died within minutes anyway – making her death a homicide. After informing her distraught father, who claims he was trying to contact Murtaugh to help Amanda get out of the underworld of drugs, prostitution and hardcore pornography, Riggs and Murtaugh question a pimp Amanda was connected to. Finding a drug lab on the premises, they engage in a brief gunfight, killing the pimp . Having found the drugs and with the pimp dead, Murtaugh assumes the case is now closed, but Riggs finds it suspicious that the only witness to Amanda\'s suicide was a prostitute named Dixie , who was working away from her usual "stroll". They deduce that Dixie poisoned Amanda and then posed as a witness to cover her crime. Riggs and Murtaugh head to Dixie\'s home to question her, but her house explodes just as they arrive. Riggs—who served in the US Army Special Forces during the Vietnam War—finds part of the bomb, a mercury switch which only a professional would use. A neighborhood child remembers seeing a man with blond hair at Dixie\'s earlier who had a Special Forces tattoo similar to Riggs\'s own. Seeing a connection, they deduce that Hunsaker knows more than he has admitted and Murtaugh confronts him at Amanda\'s wake. Hunsaker admits that for more than two years he has been involved in a heroin-smuggling operation run by ex-special operations troops from the Vietnam War, known as "Shadow Company". The scheme is masterminded by a retired general, Peter McAllister —the former commander of Shadow Company—and his chief enforcer, Mr. Joshua . Hunsaker was laundering the profits through his bank. McAllister had ordered Amanda\'s murder when Michael unsuccessfully tried to alert Murtaugh to the scheme in an attempt to get out of the business. As Murtaugh attempts to make Hunsaker reveal the entirety of his operation, Joshua makes a surprise appearance in a helicopter and shoots Hunsaker, killing him. As Riggs and Murtaugh attempt to investigate Dixie\'s connection, Joshua and the increasingly violent members of Shadow Company attempt to kill Riggs  and later kidnap Murtaugh\'s daughter, Rianne . Using Riggs\'s presumed dead status to their advantage, Murtaugh agrees to meet Shadow Company at El Mirage Lake to exchange himself for Rianne, knowing Shadow Company\'s plan is to kill them all anyway. As Riggs provides sniper cover from a distance, Roger attempts to make Rianne flee, but ultimately all three are captured. McAllister tortures Murtaugh for information regarding the heroin shipment by having his henchmen beat him and rub salt into his bullet wound. McAllister demands to know which of their drug shipments have been compromised eventually threatening Rianne when Murtaugh refuses to give in. Joshua has Riggs brutally tortured with electric shocks for information, but Riggs later escapes and then rescues both Murtaugh and Rianne. The pair then fight their way free of their prison, finding themselves in a downtown L.A. nightclub. Riggs chases Joshua on to the street and attempts to cut him off on the freeway, though Joshua ultimately escapes. Murtaugh finds McAllister trying to flee in his car. Taking out McAllister\'s driver, Murtaugh watches as the car crashes on Hollywood Boulevard and is destroyed  by a live hand grenade. Riggs and Murtaugh then go to Murtaugh\'s home, knowing Joshua will go there to attack Murtaugh\'s family, who are absent. While Joshua is arrested and led away without incident, Riggs, wanting revenge, proposes "a shot at the title", which Joshua eagerly accepts. Sanctioned by Murtaugh, Riggs beats Joshua in hand-to-hand combat on the front lawn. As he\'s being arrested, Joshua overpowers the two officers and attempts to shoot Riggs. Riggs and Murtaugh both draw and fire, killing Joshua. After a visit to his wife\'s grave, Riggs spends Christmas Day at the Murtaugh home with his new partner\'s family; Riggs brings his dog Sam to be a friend to the Murtaugh family cat, Burbank. Riggs also gives Murtaugh a symbolic gift: the unfired hollow-point bullet which he had been saving to commit suicide, as he does not need it anymore.'] ['Broke and in debt, an otherwise honest cowboy known as Jim Kane  gets mixed up in some shady dealings with Stretch Russell  and Bill Garrett , a crooked rancher. Russell tells Kane to escort 200 head of cattle from Mexico to the United States for a good sum of money. Kane agrees and brings along his friend Leonard  to aid him. Unfortunately, the two come upon many unexpected events that often deter them from completing their job.'] ['The film is set in Beijing, 1902, in the last years of the Qing Dynasty. A young portrait photographer, Liu Jinglun , chances on a newly-arrived Englishman, Raymond Wallace  in the capital. Liu, a self-learner of rudimentary English, is keen on new technology and gadgets, while Raymond has brought along the latest motion picture camera and projector with some silent film shorts from the West. Liu is fascinated by the "shadow magic" and offers to help Raymond bring in audiences for his theatre. Hence Liu and Raymond become partners. However, while the innovation thrills many, the more conservative Chinese in the capital frown upon the creation as a Western "pollutant". Liu falls in love with Ling , the daughter of a well-respected Beijing Opera star, Lord Tan Xinpei . However, as he is poor and only an apprentice at the photography shop, Liu has no chance of marrying Ling. Instead, Liu\'s father and his boss at the Fengtai photography shop, Master Ren , try to arrange a marriage for him with an older widow, Jiang . When Master Ren finds out Liu has been working for a foreigner dabbling with "shadow magic", he becomes infuriated. Liu tries to reason with Master Ren, explaining to him that this "shadow magic" is an innovation in the world of photography, and once Liu learns more about it they should incorporate it into their own business. Master Ren is not swayed, however, and dismisses him. Because of this, Liu is also disowned by his father. Liu and Raymond\'s friendship becomes tested as he feels the strain of being branded a traitor in his own country. Liu, Raymond, Master Ren and Lord Tan are all invited to the Forbidden City to entertain the Empress Dowager Cixi during her birthday celebrations. Master Ren and his apprentices take a photograph of the Empress Dowager, while Lord Tan performs his opera number. Liu and Raymond project some Western film shorts to the amusement of the Empress Dowager and her coterie. However, over-enthusiastic hand-cranking cause the projector to catch fire, the screening is ruined midway, and Liu is badly burnt. The Qing officials are incensed that Liu and Raymond nearly cause deaths during the birthday celebration of the esteemed Dowager, but the Dowager pardons Liu for his naivety. Raymond, however, is immediately banished from China. Half a year passes, and Liu recovers from his burns. Raymond, fondly remembering their friendship and times in China, sends him the nitrate negatives of movies they shot together in Beijing, imploring that he should not let the work they started together die. Liu decides to try making a film projector himself and successfully screens these local movies to a group of Beijing natives. Liu\'s father decides to support him in this venture and Ling visits him on the sly at the projection room, where they kiss. The film ends with the Beijing natives gradually accepting the motion picture technology, once they see how beautifully it captures the majesty of the Chinese landscape. At the film\'s end, captions reveal that Liu and Master Ren become the first Chinese to shoot a motion picture. The film, starring Lord Tan, is the now famous The Battle of Dingjunshan.'] ['{{plot|date"Cheseborough96">Cheseborough, Steve, Blues Traveling: The Holy Sites of Delta Blues. University Press of Mississippi, 2004. 96. Retrieved from Google Books on September 29, 2010. ISBN 1-57806-650-6, ISBN 978-1-57806-650-6. At first Claude tells his girlfriend, Daisy, to ask his cousin, Melvin , to file an appeal on his behalf. Later, Claude gets a letter from Melvin stating that the appeal has been denied and Daisy has left Claude for Melvin. Left with no chance of being released, Claude partners with Ray, who claims to have an escape plan. Ray and Claude make several attempts to escape the prison. Early in their incarceration, they simply try running away in the middle of the night, getting as far as Tallahatchie before being tracked down; they are sentenced to a week in solitary confinement for their effort. Around 1944, during World War II, they meet a mute inmate named \'Can\'t-Get-Right\'  who happens to be a talented baseball player. He catches the eye of a Negro League scout who indicates he can get him out of prison to play baseball. Seeing this as a golden opportunity to get out of prison, Ray and Claude tell the scout to put a word in for them as well . A month before his release, a homosexual inmate, Biscuit , commits suicide by deliberately running past the \'gun line\', compelling a rifle-armed trustee to shoot him, as he feared returning home to his family a gay man. After \'Can\'t-Get-Right\' is released to play baseball for the Pittsburgh Crawfords, Ray plans another escape plan  but Claude wants no part of it, angry with the fact that \'Can\'t-Get-Right\' was released without them. Claude gives up trying to escape and accepts the fact that he will die in prison. This leads to an argument, which in turn leads to Ray and Claude going their separate ways. During the argument, it is revealed that Ray\'s father was sent to such a camp and hanged himself in despair. With Ray and Claude no longer speaking, Camp 8 gets "a little harder and colder", and as 28 years  pass, all of the inmates who were friends of Ray and Claude are either released or die in prison. Many years later, in 1972, Ray and Claude are now elderly and are sent to live and work at Superintendent Dexter Wilkins\'  mansion. Claude is entrusted to drive with Superintendent Wilkins to pick up the new superintendent , who happens to be none other than Sheriff Warren Pike, the man who framed them 40 years earlier. While on a hunt one day, Ray sees Pike pull out a pocket watch, and realizes that it is in fact his father\'s, which was taken from him 40 years earlier. Ray confronts Pike, grabs a shotgun and accuses him of murdering Hancock. When Wilkins asks if this is true, Pike brags that he not only committed the murder, but framed Ray and Claude, declaring that "the state of Mississippi got 40 years of cheap labor out of the deal". Enraged, Claude and Ray begin fighting over the gun, both determined to shoot him. Pike attempts to kill them with a hidden pistol, but is shot and killed by Wilkins, who now realizes that Ray and Claude are innocent. He tells Ray and Claude he intends to write pardon papers for the two of them, but dies of a heart attack in his bathroom before he is able to do so. In 1997 , Ray and Claude are now very elderly and living in the  prison\'s infirmary. They realize by now that the only way they will ever leave prison is when they die. Later, while playing poker with Willie and some other inmates, Claude tells Ray of a plan that he has thought up, and after a short argument, Ray follows Claude to hear the plan. That night, however, the infirmary catches fire, and everyone is able to get out except Claude. When Willie tells Ray that he is still inside, Ray goes back in to find him. The entrance then caves in behind him, presumably killing him. In the present day, Willie concludes the tale and the two workers are saddened by the story, but he reveals that the fire was part of the plan thought up by Ray and Claude. The two bodies being buried were actually taken from the morgue; Ray and Claude planned to escape the fire and prison by hiding on the departing fire trucks. When the workers ask why the plan did not work, Willie tells them that he "never said it didn\'t work". Willie wheels himself away, laughing and smoking a cigarette, as the inmates realize that the bodies they buried are not Ray and Claude. Ray and Claude are back in New York, at a New York Yankees baseball game, doing what they always do: arguing. The film concludes by revealing the pair now live in Harlem together.'] ["Frank is a retired Irish seaman. Walter is a retired Cuban barber. They are two lonely old men living in Florida, trapped in the emptiness of their own lives. When they meet in a park, the flamboyant Frank is finally able to start a conversation with the introverted Walter after several attempts. They begin to spend time together and become friends, sometimes meeting at the coffee shop where Walter orders the same food every day and becomes fond of Elaine, a young waitress. Frank's salty talk and crude behavior in public offend Walter and threaten their friendship. In the meantime, Frank attempts to start a romance with Georgia, a woman he meets at the movies, while dealing with Helen, a neighbor who is put off by his manner."] ['Retail clerk Dante Hicks  opens the Quick Stop convenience store to find that it is on fire; Randal  had left the coffee pot on after closing the night before. As a result of the Quick Stop\'s destruction, Dante and Randal begin working at a Mooby\'s fast food restaurant. A year later, Dante is planning to leave his minimum wage lifestyle in favor of a family life in Florida with his fiancée Emma Bunting , whose father will provide them with a home and a business to run. This leaves Randal bitterly disappointed, who fears that with Dante moving to Florida would leave him without his best friend. Jay and Silent Bob  have since followed Dante and Randal, and now loiter outside of Mooby\'s. Jay and Silent Bob no longer do drugs after they were arrested for the possession of drugs and were sent to rehab, and become devout Christians following their release. However, Jay and Silent Bob continue selling drugs. Throughout the day, many misadventures occur within Mooby\'s; among these incidents are arguments between Randal and Dante, as well as arguments between Randal and Elias , another Mooby\'s employee, and with a customer  who is a fan of The Lord of the Rings. Other incidents include Randal and Dante unintentionally giving Jay and Silent Bob inedible food, and Randal using a racial slur in front of a couple of black customers, although Randal did not directly insult them nor did he know the term "porchmonkey" which he used was actually a racial slur. The word nearly gets Randal fired. Another incident occurs when a former fellow high school student, Lance Dowds ([[Jason Lee , taunts Dante and Randal for their jobs, prompting Randal to ease his anger through going go-karting with Dante, despite leaving work without asking permission from their boss Becky Scott , leaving her and Elias to deal with customers on their own. Dante confesses to Becky that he is worried about dancing at his wedding, so she takes him up onto the roof of the restaurant to teach him some moves. Dante soon lets go of his inhibitions and learns how to dance. When the song ends, Dante, caught up in the moment, tells Becky he loves her, and she reveals to him that she is pregnant; Dante and Becky had a one night stand on the prep table a few weeks before. Becky tells Dante not to tell anyone about the baby; however Dante tells Randal, who is shocked and criticizes Dante for cheating on his fiancee. An angered Becky leaves when she learns that Dante told Randal. Randal encourages Dante to leave Mooby\'s in search for Becky, and in the meantime, sets up a surprise going away party for Dante. Randal hires "Kinky Kelly and the Sexy Stud," a donkey show with a fog machine. When Dante comes back, he mistakes the fog for a fire and calls the fire department, but upon discovering that it is not a fire, he proceeds to watch the show with Randal, Jay, Bob, and Elias. The group soon discovers that "Kinky Kelly" is, in fact, the donkey, while the guy , whom Randal thought to be the pimp, is "The Sexy Stud". When Becky returns, Dante tells her that he believes that she feels the same way about him as he does about her. As they kiss, Emma arrives. She throws her engagement ring at Becky and angrily storms off. The fire and police departments soon arrive and discover the show. Dante, Randal, Elias, Jay, Silent Bob, and The Sexy Stud are detained and jailed. The Sexy Stud tells the others that they will soon be released, and that he will have to pay a fine for his acts. Nevertheless, Dante blames Randal for ruining his life and expresses his eagerness to start a new life without Randal, while Randal condemns Dante for wanting to move to Florida and even goes as far as calling Dante a "fucking drone", for Randal\'s view that Dante wants to live his life under the standards of others. Amid the argument, Randal proposes that they buy the Quick Stop and re-open it, although Dante reacts by saying that neither two have the money to purchase the store. Jay and Silent Bob, who were watching the confrontation between Dante and Randal, offer to lend them some money  on the condition that they can loiter outside of the Quick Stop. Randal accepts their offer, but Dante remains somewhat skeptical, prompting Randal to emotionally confess his fear of losing Dante. As a result, Dante agrees to the proposition as well, and after his release, he proposes to Becky, who accepts. Elias applies for a job and is hired at RST Video, the store adjacent to Quick Stop. In the very last scene, with the store open, Dante says, "Can you feel it? Today is the first day of the rest of our lives," as the screen turns to black and white, resembling the first movie.'] ["Taxi 2 tells the story of a Japanese minister of defence visiting Marseille to view the city police's anti-gang tactics. During the visit, however, he is kidnapped by a group working for the Japanese yakuza. Young officer Emilien  is determined to rescue the minister and officer Petra  , who was also kidnapped, and restore the honour of his department. Once again, speed demon taxi-driver Daniel  is called upon to save the day with his high-speed driving skills."] ["Near the completion of his sentence in Sing Sing prison, Paul Vitti's life is threatened by assassins and corrupt guards while incarcerated. He fakes insanity and starts singing showtunes from West Side Story to get the attention of Ben Sobel, who previously hung up on him while attending his father's funeral. The FBI calls in Ben to see if Vitti is really insane. This appears to be the case, and Ben gets permission to take Vitti out of prison, into his own custody, for more therapy. On their way out in Sobel's car, Vitti reveals that he faked it. Needing some therapy himself after his father's death, a grieving Sobel talks Vitti into finding a regular job . Vitti attempts to find a legitimate job , but his rude manners and paranoia mess things up. At the same time, he also discovers that the Rigazzi family is who wants him dead. He reacts to this by telling the Rigazzis that he is 'out' and seeking a new line of work. He finds employment working as a technical advisor on the set of a Sopranos-like mafia TV series. Meanwhile, FBI agents inform Sobel that Vitti has his old crew back together, and may be planning something big. This rouses Sobel's suspicion, and he visits Vitti, getting caught up with him in a car chase, which ends up with Vitti escaping. The FBI blames Sobel, and gives him 24 hours to track down Vitti. After locating Vitti , Sobel discovers Vitti is planning a big armored car heist. He tries to talk Vitti out of it, but Vitti goes ahead and Sobel is forced to go along. The crew ambush the armored car with smoke grenades, and lift it over a fence in the midst of the confusion. They extract $20M worth of gold bullion, but some of Rigazzi's thugs take over. Sobel in a fit of anger defeats one of them and Vitti's men take care of the rest. They use the $20 million in gold bullion to frame the Rigazzi family, leaving three Rigazzi goons locked in the armored truck suspended from the crane. This leads to the arrest of the entire Rigazzi family, and in turn, prevents a mob war. Sobel meets with Vitti and Jelly near bridges on the New York waterfront, and they part ways again as friends, singing another West Side Story showtune together."] ['{{plot}} A panicked scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana. He has a magnetic collar around his neck, while a large serrated disc flies through the air after him. Eventually, the fast-moving blade catches up to the scientist and beheads him. In 1869, Army Captain James T. West , hides in a railroad water tower. He is spying on a group of ex-Confederate soldiers working under General "Bloodbath" McGrath , whom West has swore to take down. West follows them to a saloon where General McGrath is enjoying a loud party and is seduced by a large prostitute who attempts to hypnotize the general into divulging his plans. West breaks in, but is stopped by the prostitute, allowing McGrath to escape. West fights off McGrath\'s men and finds himself with the prostitute, who reveals himself as U.S. Marshal Artemus Gordon . In Washington, D.C., West and Gordon meet at the White House with President Ulysses S. Grant , who tells them about the disappearance of America\'s key scientists regarding to McGrath\'s plot. Grant charges the two with finding the scientists before he inaugurates the first transcontinental railroad at Promontory, Utah. Onboard their train, Gordon reveals the murdered scientist\'s head and uses a projection device to see his last image via the Retinal Terminus Theory. Finding McGrath and a clue in the image, they two head to New Orleans, pursuing a lead about Dr. Arliss Loveless , an ex-Confederate scientist in a steam-powered wheelchair since the loss of his lower body, who is hosting a party for the elite of Southern society. West mistakes a female guest for a disguised Gordon and makes an error that results in the guests wanting to lynch West. Meanwhile, Gordon roams the mansion and comes across a caged Rita Escobar , rescuing her. Gordon frees West from a lynching with an elastic rope, and the three escape to their train The Wanderer. On board, Rita asks for their help in rescuing her father, Professor Guillermo Escobar. Later, Loveless hosts a reception to demonstrate his newest weapon: a steam-powered tank. The tank uses General McGrath\'s soldiers as target practice, which angers McGrath. Upon McGrath demanding why Loveless would be betraying him and his soldiers, Loveless explains that McGrath\'s co-surrender with General Robert E. Lee to Grant at Appomattox is what ticked him off the most. Loveless then shoots McGrath and leaves him behind in the lake. Gordon, West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath, who then explains that Loveless was the man behind one a horrible war crime: a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves, including West\'s family. The tank malfunctioned and exploded at New Liberty, causing the catastrophic damage to Loveless\'s lower body, and until that night had been in Europe convalescing, being fitted with his wheelchair, and plotting his revenge. Loveless boards his armored train and heads to Utah with Gordon, West, and Rita in pursuit. Using steam powered hydraulics, Loveless maneuvers his train behind The Wanderer. West disables Loveless\' train, but not before Loveless uses a cannon-launched grappling hook to stop The Wanderer. Rita, afraid of being recaptured by Loveless, grabs one of Gordon\'s rigged pool balls and accidentally releases the sleeping gas that knocks out West , Gordon and herself. West and Gordon wake up as Loveless and his posse pull away in The Wanderer taking Rita and the engineer hostage, announcing he intends to capture President Grant at the "golden spike" ceremony. They find themselves fitted with the same metal collars that killed the scientist in the opening scene, and inside a small wire fence, intended to imprison them. West steps over the fence, triggering a machine to release the lethal flying disks, forcing West and Gordon to run as the disks are magnetically attracted to the collars. The two leap into a mud pit from opposite directions, causing the discs to collide and explode in contact. After removing the collars, the two stumble across Loveless\' private rail, which leads them to his industrial complex, hidden in Spider Canyon. Here, they witness Loveless\'s ultimate weapon: a gigantic mechanical spider armed with a nitroglycerin cannon. Later, Loveless uses the spider to capture President Grant and Gordon  at the inauguration ceremony at Promontory Point, while West is seemingly shot to death by one of Loveless\' bodyguards. At his industrial complex, Loveless reveals his plan: to destroy the United States with his mechanized forces unless President Grant agrees to divide the states among Great Britain , France , Spain , Mexico , and himself . Loveless demands that President Grant surrender, but he refuses. Loveless threatens to execute Gordon but is interrupted by a belly dancer, who turns out to be West in disguise, having used Gordon\'s bullet-proof vest made of chain mail to escape death. Though West manages to use an exotic dance to distract Loveless, allowing he and Gordon to free the captives, but Loveless escapes in the ensuing battle, taking the President with him. To save the President, Gordon and West, using a theoretical design by Leonardo da Vinci, build a flying machine to catch up with the spider after it destroys a town as Loveless attempts to force Grant to sign the surrender. Gordon and West crash onto the spider, knocking one of Loveless\'s guards overboard. While Gordon and Grant are held at gunpoint, West is dropped into the engine room to fight the spider\'s crew, all of whom have bizarre prosthetic weapons. West defeats the crew and Loveless himself descends into the engine room to fight West while having his guards to man the controls and keep Gordon and Grant in gunpoint. Loveless, now on mechanical legs, engages into a fight with West and pins him to the floor, until Gordon pulls out a tiny single-shot \'"peashooter" at him, forcing the Loveless\' guards to disarm themselves. Gordon shoots a hole in Loveless\'s hydraulic line, and all the oil quickly drains from his legs, allowing West to gain the upper hand. This allows Gordon and Grant to defeat the rest of Loveless\' guards, and pleading for his life, Loveless drags himself back to his wheelchair as the spider approaches a cliff. After being confronted for the New Liberty massacre, Loveless attempts to shoot West with a concealed gun, but hits the spider\'s control lines, jamming it just before it could plunge into the canyon. This sends West and Loveless teetering over the edge. Loveless then attempts to decide whether he should pull the chair\'s lever that will release them or not, knowing it will send both him and West to fall to their deaths if he does so. However, West pulls the lever himself, grabbing a chain hanging from the spider, while Loveless falls to his doom. After the second ceremony at Promontory, Grant promotes Gordon and West to the first two agents of his newly-formed U.S. Secret Service. Gordon and West meet Rita again, both of them planning to court her, but she crushes their hopes by announcing that Professor Escobar was her husband, not her father, though she comforts them by saying that they have each other. The film ends with Gordon and West assuming to be riding on horseback, but are revealed to be piloting Loveless\'s steam-spider into the sunset.'] ['Romy White  and Michele Weinberger  are two superficial 28-year-old friends living together in a beachfront apartment in Los Angeles, California. Romy works as a cashier in the service department of a Jaguar dealership; Michele is unemployed. They are both single and live a life of partying and fun. Romy encounters former high school classmate Heather Mooney  at the dealership, who informs them of their upcoming 10-year high school reunion in their hometown of Tucson, Arizona. Desperate to make good impressions, Romy and Michele make last-ditch attempts to get boyfriends, better jobs, lose weight, and hopefully avoid a second round of the torture they endured during their days at Sagebrush High, mostly at the hands of the "A-Group", led by cheerleader Christie Masters . The most humiliating incident happened at their high school senior prom, when Romy asked her crush Billy Christensen, Christie\'s jock boyfriend, to dance. He promised her he would but told her to wait a minute. Instead, Christie tells Romy that Billy was in love with her and they broke off as an act, then she rode off on Billy\'s motorbike with him, leaving Romy tearfully waiting all night. Failing in their attempts to get jobs and boyfriends, Romy and Michele decide to pretend to be successful by showing up in an expensive car and business suits. They then think of what they believe is a highly impressive story; saying that they are very successful businesswomen who invented Post-it notes. However, during their drive, Romy plans their success story where Michele felt that her role is too small. Romy tells her that she is more like the designer type, and not the inventor, which Michele finds as an insult . They then get into an argument about who is cuter,  and who would be clever enough to think of as a better story of inventing of Post-it notes in the reunion, and their friendship dissolves. When they arrive at the reunion, Romy says that she invented Post-its all by herself, while Michele looks on in disdain. Michele then discovers that the A-Group girls that picked on her in high school have stayed in touch. Michele convinces the four girls that she invented a special kind of glue. Sandy Frink , the nerd who had a crush on Michele in high school, turns out to be incredibly wealthy and gorgeous  and hits on Michele. Soon both Romy and Michele are winning awards as most successful members of their graduating class. Though still refusing to speak with each other, they went on their separate ways while looking at each other with longing. Seventy years later, a severely ancient Michele learns that Romy is sick and near death and calls her up to make amends only to rehash the same argument they had in the car those many years ago. Romy dies and they never get a chance to resolve their issues—that is, until Michele wakes up in the car, parked outside the hotel where the reunion is being held, and realizes that it was all just a dream. At the reunion, Romy has begun to spread around her story about Post-its; Michele, on the other hand, only talks about her recent falling-out with Romy. Heather Mooney arrives and unknowingly reveals that Romy didn\'t invent Post-Its, causing the A-Group girls to turn against her, while Michele attempts to defend Romy. Later, in the stage, Christie further humiliates the two in front of the entire room. Because of that, Romy runs away from the crowd with Michele, who then convinces her that she genuinely thought that their entire high school and adult life was a blast, up until Romy said that it is not. Michele also says that they should just have fun like they intended to and not care what everybody else thinks. They change out of their businesswomen\'s clothes and into sexy, handmade club outfits, and return. They confront Christie for all of the bullying they had to endure in the past and at the reunion, where Romy gave a strong speech about only making up a story in order to be treated as a human being, but not caring anymore because Christie is just "a bad person with an ugly heart." Just as Christie attempts to make fun of their clothes , classmate Lisa Luder , a former member of the A-Group who has since changed her ways and became an associate fashion editor for Vogue, announces her professional opinion that the outfits are actually very well-done. Christie then retaliates by saying \'they\' still think that the outfits are bad, but Lisa tells her to let her sidekicks think for themselves even just for once. Christie then tells her that she is just a bitter, dried-up career woman while she is happily married, to which Lisa answers, "Yes Christie, keep telling yourself that." Christie is left in the dust and everyone congratulates Romy and Michele. Heather, apologizes to Romy and Michele for unintentionally revealing their story and tells them that while the A-Group made their lives miserable, the two of them managed to made hers bad as well, for she was in love with Sandy. Romy and Michele then makes her feel better that she too had the luxury of making a person\'s life miserable, pertaining to a classmate that Heather was sarcastic to. Then, in a fairly coincidental parallel of Michele\'s dream, Sandy arrives in a helicopter and turns out to actually be a billionaire who made his fortune from a special rubber he invented. When he comes in to the hotel, Christie immediately tries to approach him. However, he politely ignores her advances and goes over to talk to Romy and Michele. Michele remarks to Sandy that he must be the most successful person in their class; Sandy responds that despite all the wealth and success he has, the one thing he doesn\'t have is her, and asks her and Romy to dance with him. After an interpretive dance to Cyndi Lauper\'s hit "Time After Time" that receives huge applause from the rest of the class, he escorts them to his helicopter and the three prepare to fly away together. Heather walks out during the dance, finding it schmaltzy and apparently not interested with the new Sandy. On the grounds outside, she is offered a light by a mysterious classmate who always dresses in a cowboy style. Heather remembers him on her high school years, where he would offer her a light by flicking his lit cigarette butts at her. This time, Heather demands that he man up and talk to her instead of giving her the silent treatment. Once the dance is over, Romy and Michelle exit the building to leave with Sandy. On their way out, they encounter Billy Christensen, who is now Christie\'s husband. Far from being the handsome jock he once was, he has now become an overweight alcoholic and is living a very poor, miserable life with Christie, and is doubtful the baby Christie is carrying is actually his. When he tries to proposition Romy for sex, she tells him to go to his hotel room and wait for her with his clothes off. He excitedly shuffles off, and Romy revels in her revenge for when he made her wait for him at the prom. Everyone at the reunion comes out to wave goodbye as they take off, except for Christie. As she calls out for Billy, Christie has her dress blown up by the chopper, which further humiliates her, much to Romy and Michele\'s amusement. Six months later back in L.A., Romy and Michele use money loaned to them by Sandy to open their own clothing store. Heather Mooney has stayed in touch and has become friends with the girls, shopping in their boutique.'] ["Wealthy Yemeni-American brothers Steve  and Doug Butabi  enjoy frequenting Los Angeles nightclubs, where they bob their heads in unison to dance music (specifically Haddaway's hit song [[What Is Love  and fail miserably at picking up women. Their dream is to party at the famouse L.A. nightclub The Roxbury, a fabled nightclub where they are continually denied entrance by a hulking bouncer . By day, the brothers work at an artificial plant store owned by their wealthy father, Kamehl Butabi . They spend most of their time goofing off, daydreaming about opening a club as cool as the Roxbury together, and Doug using credit card transactions as an excuse to hit on a phone approval operator. The store shares a wall with a lighting emporium owned by Fred Sanderson . Mr. Butabi and Mr. Sanderson hope that Steve and Emily , Sanderson's daughter, will marry, uniting the families and the businesses to form the first plant-lamp emporium. After a day at the beach the brothers decide that tonight is the night they will finally get into the Roxbury. Returning home, Doug gets into a heated argument with their father about going out clubbing instead of staying home. Their father has planned a dinner party with Emily and her parents. The angered Mr. Butabi then denies them access to their BMW car and their cell phones. They are given enormous cell phones by their mother  and allowed use of the fake-plant store's delivery van, they are quickly rejected by the doorman . After discovering they might bribe their way into the club, the brothers drive around looking for an ATM. They get into a fender-bender with Richard Grieco  and to avoid a lawsuit, Grieco uses his fame to get them into the popular club. There they meet the owner of the Roxbury, Benny Zadir , who listens to their idea for a nightclub of their own. He likes them and sets up a meeting with them for the next day. The brothers also meet a pair of women at the Roxbury: Vivica  and Cambi , who see them talking to Zadir and think that the brothers are rich. On the way to the afterparty at Mr. Zadir's house, the brothers annoy his driver and bodyguard Dooey  by making him stop to buy fluffy whip and making jokes about sleeping with his parents. As revenge, the next day Dooey denies them entry into Zadir's office for their meeting. He tells the brothers that Zadir was drunk out of his mind last night and does not know who they are. In reality, Zadir really wants to see them, but does not have their contact information. The girls break up with the Butabi brothers after realizing they are not really wealthy. The brothers fight and Doug moves out of their shared bedroom and into the guest house. Meanwhile Steve is forced into an engagement with Emily. The wedding is held in the backyard of the Butabi residence, but is interrupted by Doug. Having gone on a fluffy-whip-fueled bender, he interrupts the wedding, reconciles with his brother, and the wedding is called off. Afterwards, Richard Grieco  talks to Mr. Butabi to help him understand that Steve was not ready for marriage, and that Butabi is too hard on Doug. The movie ends as the Butabi brothers happen upon a hot new club. The building is unique in that the exterior is constructed to resemble the interior of a nightclub, and the interior resembles a street — this was an idea pitched by Doug and Steve to Zadir earlier in the movie. Attempting to enter, they are surprised to find their names on the VIP list. In addition, Zadir reveals that to reward their idea, he has made them part-owners of the club. Their new-found success comes full circle when they meet two women in the club: Doug's phone representative from the credit card company  and a police officer  whom Steve earlier flirted with while getting a ticket."] ['The film follows three friends, a cop, a priest and a kid from the neighborhood who wants to handle the family business. Then a man named Philly enters the picture and suddenly things become difficult.'] ["Compulsive gambler Charlie Gordon, hiding out from his various bookies and loan sharks, cons his brother-in-law, widower Herb Sullivan, into an all expenses-paid luxury Holland America cruise. The catch, which Charlie does not reveal to Herb until the ship has left port, is that they are required to work as dance hosts and must sleep in a cramped cabin in the bowels of the ship. Ruled over by tyrannical, control-freak cruise director Gil Godwin , they do their best, despite Charlie's not actually being able to dance. Each meets a lady of interest. One is the luscious heiress Liz LaBreche, whose wealth attracts Charlie every bit as much as the rest of her does. The other is lovely widow Vivian, who is under the impression that Herb is a doctor, not a dancer. By the time Charlie literally drags ship owner Mrs. Carruthers across the dance floor, the boys aren't sure if they will find true love or need to abandon ship."] ['Hitman Trabucco has been hired to eliminate Rudy "Disco" Gambola before he testifies against fellow members of the Mob, but completing the contract becomes problematic once he encounters suicidal Victor Clooney, an emotionally disturbed television censor staying in the room adjacent to his in the Ramona Hotel in Riverside, California. When Victor climbs onto the ledge outside his window, Trabucco convinces him not to jump by agreeing to drive him to the Institute for Sexual Fulfillment, the nearby clinic where Victor\'s wife Celia, a researcher for 60 Minutes, is gathering information for a segment on the program. At the clinic, Victor discovers Celia has fallen in love with Dr. Zuckerbrot, who is concerned her husband\'s suicide will reflect badly on his practice. Trabucco accidentally is injected with a tranquilizer intended for Victor, who volunteers to fulfill the killer\'s contract when Trabucco\'s vision is impaired. After overcoming assorted complications, Victor completes his task. However, despite Victor\'s high hopes, Trabucco has no intention of sticking together and parts ways with him following their escape. Trabucco retires to a tropical island, where he unexpectedly is joined by his nemesis after Celia runs off with Dr. Zuckerbrot\'s female receptionist to become a lesbian couple. Desperate to see Victor gone, Trabucco suggests to his native attendant to reinstate the old custom of human sacrifices for the local volcano ...'] ["Lloyd Christmas  and Harry Dunne  are two good natured, though incredibly inept best friends and roommates who share an apartment in Providence. One day while Lloyd is working as a limo driver, he picks up Mary Swanson  who is on her way to the airport. When inquired where she is going, she mentions she is flying to Aspen and Lloyd immediately develops a crush on her. After dropping her off, he notices her leaving a briefcase in the airport terminal and rushes to return it only to fail and to lose his job in the process. Meanwhile, Harry, who is a dog groomer loses his job when he feeds a caravan of animals junk food on their way to a Dog Show. Later that night, after he is robbed of their food and remaining money by a little old lady, Lloyd suggests they leave Providence and start a new life in Aspen, while hesitant to the idea, Harry sees how deeply interested Lloyd is in doing this and agrees. Unbeknownst to the pair, however, Mary Swanson's husband had been kidnapped the suitcase Lloyd has contains ransom money, the kidnappers receive word that Lloyd and Harry have the money and kill Harry's bird Petey in retaliation. As they are leaving, Lloyd scores a little extra cash by selling some of their things including Petey to a blind kid who is convinced that the dead bird is very quiet, much to Harry's horror and amusement. Enroute to Aspen, Harry and Lloyd pick up one of the kidnappers, Mental, posing as a hitchhiker as well as a family of hispanic travelers who drive him crazy singing Mockingbird non-stop until they arrive at a gas station. Learning Mental has a penchant for avoiding spicy foods, Harry and Lloyd spike his food with hot peppers until he collapses from his sensitivity, inadvertently giving him Rat Poison pills intended for them instead of his heart medication and killing him. Later, Lloyd manages to trick a bullying trucker into paying for their meals at a rest stop, and innocently allow a police officer to drink urine from an open container of beer that Lloyd had to pee in when Harry refused to stop . Lloyd accidentally gets turned on the incorrect route while Harry is asleep, which infuriates him when they arrive in Nebraska instead of Colorado. But Lloyd redeems himself by trading in Harry's van for a minibike which takes them all the way to Aspen. Lloyd recognizes Mary in a newspaper promoting a fundraiser dinner, and the two find the suitcase has a lot of money in it, and immediately spend it lavishly. Renting a massive suite at the hotel, buying expensive cars and clothes including a pair of candy-colored outfits to wear to the formal. Lloyd is too nervous however to approach Mary and asks Harry to introduce them, but he unintentionally charms Mary who mistakes Harry's stupidity for intentional humor and they arrange a date to go skiing without Lloyd's knowledge. When Lloyd discovers that he's been stood up and his best friend is dating Mary he sabotages Harry's dinner date with her and goes in her place. When Nicholas, a family friend of the Swansons and secret mastermind behind Bobby's kidnapping discovers Harry and Lloyd spent all of his ransom money, he holds Lloyd and Mary hostage. Harry arrives and is apparently shot dead by him, but as he is about to kill Lloyd, Harry regains consciousness and helps send Nicholas into the hands of the authorities as part of a sting operation. Mary and Bobby are reunited and they give Lloyd and Harry special thanks for helping them. However, their lavish lifestyle is taken away from them, as Harry and Lloyd had spent the FBI's money and they leave Aspen on foot. Eventually coming across a bus load of Hawaiian Tropic bikini models looking for two towel boys to hire. Oblivious to the possibilities, Harry and Lloyd direct them to the nearest town, exclaiming how lucky two guys are going to be to have that opportunity as they continue on toward the horizon."] ["The plot revolves around the characters of three teenagers living in the suburbs of Los Angeles. Bill , has just graduated from high school and got his first apartment. His younger brother Jim , spends a lot of time practicing with his Nunchakus, getting high, listening to heavy metal on his boombox, and hanging out with Vietnam vet Charlie . Other important characters include Tom , a hedonistic high-school wrestling champ who works with Bill at a bowling alley, a trendy department store manager named Harry , Anita  who works at a donut shop, and her friend Eileen  who works at the department store with Harry. Anita has a fling with a cop named David  who, unknown to Anita, is married. The three boys set out for a night of fun and craziness at a strip bar and later on have a party at Bill's apartment."] ['Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in the Rough". Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a band gig. Unfortunately, six weeks into their relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her, Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw. Judith isolates Darren from his friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her care. Wayne and J.D. decide to save Silverman from her by attempting to bribe her, arm wrestle her, and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating, all to no avail. The friends, undaunted, try to reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun. When Darren and Judith announce their engagement, Wayne and J.D. kidnap Judith. When they visit Coach Norton in jail, his advice is that they should just kill her. Sandy\'s feelings for Darren are reawakened, but the pair\'s attempted date is ruined by Darren\'s preoccupation with Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her back. Chained to an engine block in J.D.\'s basement, Judith convinces J.D. he is gay. She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne. Returned to the basement, Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again. She runs to Darren\'s house in time to see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent again. Darren has Wayne and J.D. arrested. After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton, J.D. and Wayne rush to the convent on the brink of Sandy\'s final vows as a nun. They convince her that Darren still loves her. They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite. At the wedding, Neil stalls the proceedings with song while Wayne and Judith beat each other up , Darren and Sandy reunite, and J.D. arrives holding Coach in his arms, and Coach asks him when will he get married and J.D. says he\'s gay and then Coach tells him that he is as well. On stage at the Neil Diamond concert that night, the priest weds Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith, and J.D. to Coach; the entire cast sings "Holly Holy".'] ['{{plot}} A gang of thieves break into a high-security warehouse. An alert is sent to the police, but canceled due to unkown reasons. Two LAPD patrol officers, Hank Rafferty  and his partner Charlie Reed , decide to check it out anyway. During the investagation, Someone shoots Charlie dead, before the thieves drive away, leaving Hank in a state of shock. Earl Montgomery\'s  lifelong dream is to become a police officer is thwarted when Earl is expelled from the police academy after a simulated car chase results in a massive explosion. Hank crosses paths with Earl when Hank notices Earl trying to get into his car when he finds his keys stuck inside. Hank starts to question Earl, who race-baits Hank to the point of getting himself arrested. A bumblebee comes along, to which Earl is virulently allergic. Earl panics and Hank tries to swat the bee away with his nightstick. From afar, it appears as if Hank, a white cop, is brutalizing a black suspect while at the same time a Latino man catches the incident on tape. Disgraced, Hank is dismissed from the police force and convicted of aggravated assault. He spends six months in prison. After being released from prison, Hank takes a job as a security guard and continues to investigate Charlie\'s death. Noticing an alarm being tripped at a soft drink warehouse, then disabled, Hank goes to investigate. Meanwhile, Earl, who happens to be working for the same security company, is on duty at the warehouse, but is taking time off. When Hank arrives, he interrupts a burglary, and a gunfight erupts with the thugs, during which Hank and Earl cross paths again. Though the thugs get away, Hank recognizes the tattoo of the man who shot Charlie, whose name he learns is Nash . One of the thieves dropped a cellular phone, which leads them to a semi truck rented by the killers. Inside, Hank and Earl find a van. They drive the van out of the truck but the van falls off the bridge onto a garbage barge. Inside the van are what look like ordinary beer kegs, but Hank has them examined by a friend who works at a foundry, who informs them that the kegs are actually made of an aerospace alloy which is worth millions. Hank takes the van and the kegs to the house of his ex-girlfriend, Denise . They broke up after Hank was arrested, and Hank orders Earl to tell Denise the truth about the "assault." However, when Earl sees that Denise is an attractive black woman, he forgets his promise and starts hitting on her, playing the victim again. She throws both of them out of the house, and when Hank asks for an explanation, Earl reveals that he disapproves of interracial dating. Hank is infuriated and points out that for all his talk about racism, it is actually Earl himself who is the racist. During the argument, Hank punches Earl and storms off. Earl runs back to Hank, just as they are both cornered by police, learning that they are wanted as suspects in the bridge shootout. After they manage to escape, Hank realizes that the thieves must have an inside man in the police department. Tracing the van\'s owner to an address Hank and Earl stake out the place, but Earl foolishly rushes inside on his own, where he is confronted by Nash. Hank manages to get Earl to safety, but Earl takes a bullet in the leg. Since the police are looking for them, they can\'t go to a hospital, but instead return to Denise\'s house. She reluctantly agrees to treat Earl\'s wound . Fortunately for Hank, a bee flies into the house, and Earl runs for cover, making Denise realize that Hank\'s outlandish story about the "assault" on Earl was actually true and that Earl is, in fact, the racist. She throws Earl out of the house and reconciles with Hank. Based on something overheard from Nash, they follow him to a meeting at a Yacht Club and witness him talking to McDuff, who is revealed to be the mole in the police force. Hank and Earl share everything they know with Washington , and then pretend to approach McDuff, offering to sell him back the "beer kegs" for a large sum of money. However, Nash gets wind of their plans and takes Washington hostage first. During the climactic confrontation, Earl and Hank meet with McDuff, Nash and his men near the coast, rescuing Washington and killing or apprehending most of the thugs, including McDuff. During the shootout, Hank saves Earl\'s life by warning him about a gunman taking aim at him, getting shot himself in the process. Because of this, Earl fires the rest of his clip into the gunman, killing him. Earl engages in a fist fight with Nash on an unstable slab. Though wounded, Hank takes off after Nash alone and kills him by dropping a crane load onto an unstable slab Nash is standing on, flipping him over a cliff and into the ocean. In honor of their heroic actions, Hank is reinstated in the LAPD and Earl is admitted to the force, and they are made partners a short time later. While on patrol, Hank sees a suspicious-looking man trying to break into a car, but Earl assures him that the man has just locked himself out with the keys left inside, and helps unlock the car. But as the man drives away, the car\'s real owner screams, and Earl, realizing his mistake, shoots the back tires out. He tells the owner she can "re-procure" her car, at which moment the car blows up, leaving both cops dumbfounded.'] ['Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson  and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman , are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors in Wabasha, Minnesota. Their rivalry began decades earlier when John had "stolen" Max\'s high school sweetheart, May, with whom John went on to marry and have two children with, daughter Melanie  and son Brian . Max went on to marry a woman named Amy, with whom he had his son Jacob . Despite their differences, both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives, and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing, as well as competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. A subplot of the film involves John\'s ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service , owing thousands in back taxes, and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder . The vacant house across the street is being moved into, but neither Max or John know who the new neighbor is until both are awakened at 1:30 AM by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street. They see their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax , who quickly becomes the talk of the town with her exuberant lifestyle and bizarre tactics to get to know her new neighbors. Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck , who owns the lakeside bait shop, advises that they take advantage of the opportunity, as does John\'s 94-year old father, John Sr. . But both men publicly act indifferent over the prospect. At Thanksgiving with their families, John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel\'s house, when they see Chuck arrive at her place with roses and chocolates. Intrigued, both men speed to the bait shop the next morning to find out the details. Chuck says there was no sex, and describes being with Ariel was like being young again. This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel on a date later that evening. Max beats John over to Ariel\'s house, and they go ice fishing the next day. John goes to the bait shop, finding it closed and padlocked, and learns that Chuck has died in his sleep. When Max arrives home, gloating over his "victory" with Ariel, John informs him of Chuck\'s death, and after nearly coming to blows, both men go inside to deal with their grief. John then angrily answers a knock at his door and finds Elliot Snyder, the IRS Agent who he had been avoiding. After arriving back home later that evening, he finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them. It seems Ariel has more of a connection to John, due in part to their careers in education. They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments with each other, until one evening Ariel decides to spend the night. That next morning, after learning what happened, an enraged Max pushes the feud to the next level by using his truck to push John\'s ice shanty towards thin ice with John still in it. John angrily confronts Max, who accuses John of stealing Ariel like he did years earlier with May. After the skirmish is broken up by John Sr., Max painfully reminds John of his tax problems, and that he cannot wait around for another Amy. John decides to let Max "win" and breaks up with Ariel, who does not take the news well. John enters a depression that only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together, culminating on Christmas Eve when his daughter Melanie comes over with her estranged husband Mike , whom John is not fond of. After arguing with Mike, John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern. Jacob shows up at the Gustafsons to wish "Merry Christmas" to Melanie, when she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace for Christmas. Jacob demands Max to end the feud, and go make peace. Max has no idea that John is depressed over Ariel, and when Max\'s half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile, John questions Max\'s love for Ariel and leaves. Finally realizing that John loves Ariel, Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation, but finds John in a snowdrift suffering a massive heart attack. With John clinging to life in a hospital, Max decides to call off the feud, and tell Ariel everything. She then goes to the hospital and reconciles with him. While John is recovering, an unsympathetic Mr. Snyder discloses to Max that John owes $57,000 due to penalties and interest, and plans to get the money by selling his house. Max then barricades John\'s front door, and gets Jacob, now mayor of Wabasha, to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John\'s property. John and Ariel marry several months later, as Max helps pay John\'s taxes, thanks to Jacob\'s getting the penalties and interest waived and Max putting up the $13,000 he owes as a loan. That night, Max goes to a VFW event in hopes of meeting a woman. His son, Jacob, takes that opportunity to go to John\'s house to visit Melanie. As the credits are rolling, many outtakes of the film play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window as they watch Chuck woo Ariel. Later, at the end of the credits, Walter Matthau is taking a bath, saying directly to the audience, "If I knew there was a nude scene in this picture, I would have asked for another million!"'] ["The film begins in a working-class neighborhood in the Paris of the 1960s. The main character, Moїse Schmidt , is a young Jewish boy growing up without a mother and with a father afflicted by crippling depression. Momo is fascinated by the elderly Turkish Muslim man, Ibrahim Demirci , who runs a grocery store across the street from his apartment . Their relationship develops and soon Momo feels closer to Ibrahim than to his father. Ibrahim affectionately calls Moїse Momo, and adopts him when his father leaves and commits suicide. Momo and Ibrahim go on a journey to Turkey, Ibrahim's homeland, in their new car ."] ['In a recapitulation of the series cliffhanger, Alien Nation: Dark Horizon begins with Susan Francisco and her daughter Emily falling victim to a newly developed bacterial infection that was created by a group of human Purists to exterminate the Newcomer species. There is also a new sub-plot running parallel to this one, the story of Ahpossno, a Tenctonese Overseer who lands on Earth to find any surviving Tenctonese and bring them back into slavery. The idea of a signal sent into space by the surviving Overseers was explored in the Alien Nation episode Contact.'] ["Dale Denton  is a 25-year-old process server who witnesses the dangerous drug lord, Ted Jones , and a corrupt cop, Officer Carol Brazier  committing murder. Dale panics and leaves his roach at the scene containing a rare strain of marijuana called Pineapple Express. Ted subsequently identifies Dale's roach as the strain that he had sold to only one dealer. Ted sends his two henchmen, Budlofsky and Matheson (Kevin Corrigan and [[Craig Robinson  to the dealer, Red ([[Danny McBride , who discloses that he has only sold the pot to Dale's dealer, Saul Silver . Dale flees to Saul's apartment in a panic and explains what happened. After a brief conversation, Dale realizes Ted could trace the roach back to Saul. Dale and Saul flee into the nearby woods, while Ted's henchmen persuade Red to arrange a meeting between Saul and Red, but fails because Dale and Saul spend the night in the woods. Both dispose of their cell phones out of fear that they could be triangulated by Brazier. After sleeping within 18 hours, Dale and Saul arrive at Red's house and hope that talking with Red in person will help them determine whether Ted has linked them, and therefore whether he is in pursuit. Instead, Dale decides that Red will reveal their whereabouts to Ted, and Dale, Saul, and Red fight each other. Convinced that Ted's henchmen are pursuing them, Dale and Saul decide that they must leave the city. Dale visits his girlfriend, Angie  at her house to warn her and her parents , but Angie's father doesn't believe Dale. Ted's henchmen pursue Dale and Saul to Angie's house, and Angie and her parents goes into hiding. To leave town, Dale and Saul sell some of Saul's Pineapple Express to raise bus fare. However, a police officer arrests Dale for smoking a joint and arrests him for selling the weed to middle school kids. Dale convinces the arresting officer that Officer Brazier is corrupt. Saul eventually rescue Dale by hijacking the squad car, while Officer Brazier hears a police radio call of Dale's arrest. Officer Brazier pursues Dale and Saul in a high speed chase, but Dale and Saul successfully evade her. Dale and Saul argue with each other about the mess they have found themselves in, resulting in Dale telling Saul that they are not friends and never were. Dale and Saul go their separate ways, angry and upset. Saul visits his grandmother in an assisted living home and finds Ted's henchmen, who kidnap him and holds him hostage in Ted's lair. Dale enlists Red to help him to rescue Saul from Ted and Officer Brazier, but Red unexpectedly backs out at the last minute and Dale is captured. While Dale and Saul are held hostage, they reconcile with each other and make plans to escape. Meanwhile, a rival Asian drug gang attacks the barn to avenge a member's death at the hands of Ted and Officer Brazier, the same murder that Dale had witnessed. Dale and Saul finally free themselves, but are caught by Matheson. Matheson grazes Dale in the ear with a gunshot, but is disarmed and shot by Saul. Dale and Saul carry on and join the fight, but are separated after Ted intervenes Dale. Dale and Ted endure a brawl that results in Ted's death when one of the Asians  sets off a bomb that completely destroys the barn. Meanwhile, Matheson kills Budlofsky for refusing to kill Saul when he had the chance. Before Matheson can kill Saul, Red breaks through the wall with his car, running over Matheson and eventually kills him. While Saul thanks Red, Officer Brazier reaches for a gun and shoots Red, which seemingly kills him. The bomb goes off, first exploding under Red's car and it falls on top of Officer Brazier and finally kills her. Dale carries Saul out of the burning barn. Just as Saul awakens, Red crawls from the wreckage of the barn. The film ends with Dale, Saul, and Red at a diner eating breakfast and celebrating their friendship as Saul's grandmother picks them up and takes them to the hospital for treatment."] ['Scat Sweeney, and Hot Lips Barton, two out of work musicians, travel the US trying to find work and stay away from girls. After running from state to state, each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in Louisiana. They stow away on board a Rio-bound ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus. They then get mixed up with the distraught Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over to the ship\'s captain. Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail. Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control her and a set of \'papers\'. After a series of misadventures including sneaking off the boat, recruiting a few local musicians, and the boys trying to escape with Lucia only to have Vail hypnotize her again and slap them both, Vail decides to do away with the boys permanently. She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to kill each other in a duel, but it fails. Scat and Hot Lips finally figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks. Upon finding the \'papers\', which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera saying "The world must NEVER know." Later on, Scat is dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him. But upon peaking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her. Hope\'s frequent sidekick Jerry Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping horses periodically. All is resolved before Colonna can arrive. "Exciting, though... wasn\'t it?!" This movie also has the distinction of being the only film that Bing Crosby and the Andrew Sisters appeared in together.'] ['In Too Deep is a story about Dwayne Gittens , an underworld boss so powerful that his nickname is "god". He controls eighty percent of the drug traffic in Cincinnati, Ohio controls many of his opponents through bribery or intimidation, and appears to be untouchable. An undercover cop Jeffrey Cole  posing as a drug dealer under the name of J. Reid from Akron, Ohio is determined to be the man who brings down God\'s underworld empire. He goes undercover and assumes an identity that allows him to infiltrate God\'s organization. However, the longer Cole remains inside the underworld, the more he becomes a product of it.'] ['Gus, Harry, and Archie  are three husbands with families in suburban New York. All are professional men. As the film begins, they are shaken when their best friend Stuart suddenly dies of a heart attack. They have difficulty coping with the death, and spend two days hanging out, playing basketball, sleeping in the subways, and drinking, including one lengthy scene at a bar in which they have an impromptu singing contest. Harry goes home, has a vicious argument with his wife, and decides to fly to London. The other two decide to go with him. They check into an expensive hotel, dress in formal clothing, and meet three young women at a gambling casino. They go back to their rooms with the women. Gus pairs off with Mary Tynan , Archie with Julie , a young Asian woman who seems not to speak English, and Harry with Pearl Billingham . However, their efforts to hook up with these women are awkward and unsuccessful. Gus and Archie decide to go back to New York, but Harry stays behind. As the film ends, Gus and Archie express concern about Harry and what he will do without them.'] ['Betsy Jobs  and Arlene Lorenzo ([[Michelle Williams  are two sweet-natured but somewhat ditzy teenage girls living in Washington D.C. in the early 1970s. Betsy comes from a wealthy family in the Georgetown area, while Arlene lives with her widowed mother in an apartment in the Watergate building. One night, on a quest to mail a letter to enter a contest to win a date with teen idol singer Bobby Sherman, the two girls sneak out of Arlene\'s home, at the same time as the Watergate break-in. They manage to enter and leave through the parking garage by taping the latch of a door, accidentally causing the break-in to be discovered. They are seen by G. Gordon Liddy , who they believe to be committing a jewel robbery; they panic and run away. The security guard, startled by the taped door, calls the police, who immediately arrest the burglars. The next day, while at the White House on a school tour, they accidentally happen across Liddy again. They don\'t recognize him, but he recognizes them and instantly becomes suspicious. He points them out to H. R. Haldeman, who proceeds to interrogate them; their conversation  is interrupted firstly by a phone call from Haldeman\'s wife, and secondly by President Nixon himself , who takes Haldeman aside to complain about the bugging operation being so fouled up. The girls are naturally awestruck at being in the same room as Nixon &mdash; but more awestruck at being able to play with his dog, which gives Nixon an idea. In order to keep their silence, he appoints them his official dog-walkers... which means they must be admitted repeatedly to the White House. On these visits they accidentally influence major events such as the Vietnam peace process and the Nixon-Brezhnev accord, by bringing along cookies that they have inadvertently baked marijuana into. (Near the end of the film, when Betsy\'s brother, Larry  They also become familiar with the key figures of Nixon\'s administration, including the long-suffering, frequently ignored Henry Kissinger, and inadvertently learn the major secrets of the Watergate scandal without realizing what they know. Arlene, previously infatuated with Bobby Sherman, now falls equally hard for the president. Just after reading an 18½-minute message of love into his tape recorder, she plays back another part of the tape and, after hearing his coarse, brutal rantings, quickly realizes his true nature. When they confront Nixon , he fires and threatens them . The girls now reevaluate what they have learned and decide to reveal everything to the "radical muckraking bastards"  at the Washington Post, Bob Woodward  and Carl Bernstein . So they become informants; two 15-year-old girls are the true identity of the famous Deep Throat (Betsy\'s brother had just been caught watching the [[Deep Throat . Woodward and Bernstein &mdash; portrayed as petty, childish, and incompetent &mdash; are naturally skeptical of the two girls. To make matters worse, their only piece of physical evidence, a list of names of those involved from the Committee to Re-Elect the President, is eaten by Betsy\'s dog. Nixon\'s men realize that the girls are a real threat and attempt tactics such as bugging and undercover agents to find out what they know, eventually going so far as to break into Betsy\'s house and plant an undercover agent as Arlene\'s mother\'s boyfriend. Eventually pushed to the limit after being chased by the Watergate "plumbers", the girls decide to take action: sneaking into Haldeman\'s house, they manage to find and steal a crucial tape recording. They give a transcription of it to Woodward and Bernstein  thus ending Nixon\'s political career. After the resignation, as Nixon\'s helicopter flies over Betsy\'s house, the two girl hold up a sign depicting the phrase "You suck, Dick", further angering the now ex-president.'] ['The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss. Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility, or, as his adversary Jake Parker puts it, "the loony bin." In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic\'s nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic\'s girl. Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey\'s close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco. Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization  and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all. Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic\'s child. Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up  living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.'] ['{{plot}} Misha Belenkoff  is a Russian immigrant, who was a former literature teacher in Russia, and he is living in America and working as a janitor  at an animal-testing lab in California. One day, he cleans up the cages and he encounters Paulie , a blue-crowned conure who astonishingly speaks to him in perfect English. But Paulie doesn\'t talk when Misha brings witnesses. Misha persuades Paulie to tell him his life story with pieces of mango. Paulie tells him about his real owner, a little girl named Marie Alweather , and how he was given to her by her grandfather. Marie has a speech problem for she stutters, but is delighted when playing with Paulie. Marie\'s father, Warren , is a soldier and away from home, while her mother, Lila , is at home, and she is an only child. Eventually, Warren does return home to New Jersey. He is happy to see Marie for the first time in a long time, but is startled to see her stutter. When Warren and Lila send her to speech therapy, Marie successfully overcomes her stutter because of Paulie, who learns speech during the therapy. However, Paulie only speaks around Marie. As the months pass, Marie makes no friends and Warren grows concerned about this. He is also concerned that Marie may be spending too much time with Paulie, and not socializing with other children her age. That night, Marie takes Paulie to her house\'s roof and attempts to teach him to fly in case they separate. Unfortunately, she trips and falls off the roof, injuring herself. After this traumatic event, Warren sends Paulie away from home. Paulie is passed from one owner to another, eventually ending up in a pawn shop back in New Jersey, where he spends his time insulting the customers—including one named Benny —and the pawnbroker, Artie , until he is purchased by a widowed artist named Ivy . She befriends him, teaches him manners and agrees to take him to find Marie, who has moved across the country to Los Angeles. Their mission comes to a premature end as Ivy loses her eyesight. Paulie remains as Ivy\'s eyes until she eventually passes away. Afterward he finally learns to fly and continues his journey alone, journeying first to the Grand Canyon to watch the sunrise as Ivy had always wished to see. In East Los Angeles, Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio , but he\'s kidnapped by Benny, who recognized Paulie from the pawn shop, and begins a life of crime. In a botched jewel theft, Paulie flies down through a chimney of a house but becomes trapped inside and abandoned. Paulie is then brought to the institute, his current home, where employees and scientists, led by Dr. Reingold , are stunned by his intelligence. They put Paulie through tests and promise that he will be reunited with Marie. When Paulie discovers that the institute has lied to him, he refuses to cooperate with any more tests. Paulie\'s wings are clipped so he cannot fly anymore, and he is imprisoned in the basement, forgotten. Moved by Paulie\'s story, Misha decides to give up his menial job to release Paulie and take him to Marie. Misha brings cutters and manages to get Paulie out of his cage. He also sneaks in the Dr. Reingold\'s office and finds Marie\'s address, and Reingold encounters him, but Misha quits, and also releases all the animals in the Institute and sneaks out with Paulie. After escaping from the Institute, they find Marie, who is now a fully grown, beautiful young woman , but who is unrecognizable to Paulie. After a moment of confusion, they are then reunited. Marie invites Misha into her house but Misha says he should go and that she and Paulie must have lots to talk about. Paulie then joins in, saying that he should stay, but Misha still tries to go. Paulie then points out that Marie had "flowers in her hair" and probably had "books on the table", a reference to what Misha said would be his dream girl earlier in the film, Marie says that she would like it a lot if Misha could come inside, and Misha admits that he would also like to come inside. The three go inside and the credits begin to roll.'] ["JC seems to have it all figured out. By day he runs a surf school, at night he lies down next to his beautiful girlfriend Chloe. However, when his mates arrive from London unannounced it releases tensions which have long been simmering under the surface of JC and Chloe's seemingly perfect relationship. His friends, especially drug-dealer Dean are intent on causing mischief and sucking JC back into his old habits, which Chloe had hoped were long gone."] ['John Winger  is a cab driver, who, in the span of a few hours, loses his job, his car, and his girlfriend. Realizing that his life is a failure, he decides to join the U.S. Army. Talking his best friend, Russell Ziskey  into joining him, they drive to a recruiting office and are soon off to basic training. Upon arrival at Fort Arnold, they meet their fellow recruits, as well as their drill sergeant, Sergeant First Class Hulka . Moments after arriving, Winger offends Sgt. Hulka and is ordered out to do push-ups. He stands out as a misfit throughout the rest of basic training. Their commanding officer is the incompetent Captain Stillman . As basic training progresses, Ziskey and Winger become close to two female MPs named Louise  and Stella . Not long before graduation, Sergeant First Class Hulka is injured when Captain Stillman orders a mortar crew to fire without setting target coordinates. The men sneak off base to a mud wrestling bar, where Winger convinces Dewey "Ox" Oxberger  to wrestle a group of women. When the club is raided by MPs and police, Stella and Louise cover for Winger and Ziskey. The rest of the platoon is taken back to base to face Captain Stillman, who threatens to force them to repeat basic training. The situation looks bleak until Winger and Ziskey return. Winger manages to motivate the platoon with a rousing speech and begins to get them in shape for graduation. After a long night of drilling, they oversleep and almost miss the ceremony. They rush to the parade grounds out of uniform and give an unconventional yet highly coordinated drill display led by Winger. The military brass are shocked, but General Barnicke changes his opinion of the platoon when he finds out that they had to complete training without a drill sergeant. He decides they are just the kind of "go-getters" he wants working on a secret project in Italy. Once in Italy, their mission is to become qualified with the EM-50 Urban Assault Vehicle, which actually turns out to be a GMC motorhome with concealed armor and weapons. Bored with sitting in an empty hangar, Winger and Ziskey steal the EM-50 to visit their girlfriends, stationed in West Germany. When Stillman finds the EM-50 missing, he launches an unauthorized mission to get the vehicle back before his superiors find out it is gone. Hulka, recovered and returned to the platoon, urges Stillman not to go, but is overruled. Stillman inadvertently leads the platoon across the border into Czechoslovakia. Hulka, realizing where they are, jumps out of the truck just before it is captured. He makes a Mayday radio call, and Winger and Ziskey realize that the platoon came looking for them and that their friends are in big trouble. Winger, Ziskey, Louise, and Stella take the EM-50 and infiltrate a Soviet base where the platoon is being held. With some assistance from Hulka, they free everyone and heavily damage the base. Upon returning to the United States, Winger, Ziskey, Louise, Stella, and Hulka are treated as heroes, each being awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Hulka retires with honor and opens the HulkaBurger franchise. Stella appears on the cover of Penthouse, "Ox" makes the cover of Tiger Beat, and Winger is featured on the cover of Newsworld. Captain Stillman receives a disciplinary reassignment to a weather station near Nome, Alaska.'] ["Quentin, a dim-witted small-time thief, holds up a foreign exchange booth. Unable to get the money he wants, he asks for directions to the nearest bank. When the police are given this tip-off, Quentin runs into a cinema where Ice Age is showing. He is caught when instead of continuing to run, he sits down and enjoys the film. Ruby, a henchman of the crime lord Vogel, who has been having an affair with his boss' wife, is thrown into a jail after getting caught hiding the loot that he stole from his boss in revenge for the death of his lover. In jail Ruby refuses to eat or speak, which concerns the jail's psychiatrist but fails to impress the detective in charge of the investigation, who sees through Ruby's ruse. At the suggestion of the detective, the two criminals meet after Quentin, an intolerable extrovert who has driven mad two other inmates, is put in with him. Quentin thinks that he has struck up a one-sided friendship with Ruby after conducting an uninteresting monologue, however they are parted again after Ruby fakes suicide to get out. Quentin does the same and ends up in the bed next to Ruby in the infirmary. Ruby manages to bribe the psychiatrist  into helping him escape the prison. Quentin, however, thwarts the escape and makes his own botched attempt at escape with help from a drunken long-time friend driving a crane. Once outside Ruby is unable to get rid of Quentin, and they both go through many adventures, including robbing a diminutive horse trainer's house, dressing up in Chanel, exchanging clothing with two impertinent youths, stealing a series of police cars and fixing Ruby's shoulder with a breaking chair, in pursuit of his former partners in crime. Sheltering in an abandoned shop, where Quentin plans to make a café business, they meet another homeless woman, who looks like Vogel's former wife. Ruby gives her some money and drops her off at a hotel to stay. After an exciting car chase where the antagonists are trapped in a car jam, they enter the estate of Vogel and in a shoot-out results in an incapacitated Vogel, and Quentin supposedly mortally wounded. Ruby, much to his own surprise as anyone else's, expresses his grief for Quentin, who tricks him into actually opening a café after he recovers."] ['{{Multiple issues}} Writer Skip Donahue  and actor Harry Monroe  are fired from their jobs in New York, and leave for Hollywood. Along the way, they take odd jobs to make ends meet. In one such job, Skip and Harry dress up as two woodpeckers, performing a song and dance routine as part of a promotion for a bank. Harry and Skip remove their costumes to take a break, and two men who have been watching steal the costumes and perform the routine as though they were Harry and Skip. The men then use the costumes to rob the bank, and in the confusion Harry and Skip are immediately arrested, whisked through a speedy trial and handed 125-year jail sentences. Their court-appointed lawyer, Len Garber , advises them to wait until he can appeal their case. Life in a maximum-security prison proves difficult for both Skip and Harry. After a failed attempt at faking insanity, they make friends with Jesus Ramirez , a real bank robber, and Rory Schultebrand , a gay man who killed his stepfather. Rory takes an immediate fancy to Harry, much to Harry\'s chagrin. Having been there a while, Jesus and Rory inform Skip and Harry of the numerous goings-on in the prison, as well as the other members and who to watch out for, such as Jack Graham , who runs the cell block, and is in charge of the contraband that comes in; and ax murderer Blade , who runs the "third-world" side of the cell block. The most feared inmate, however, is Grossberger , a convicted mass murderer of incredible size and strength who refuses to speak and is feared by the inmates and guards alike. Seeing something "kind" in Grossberger, the naive Skip attempts to talk with him, unsuccessfully. After being in prison for three months, Skip and Harry are brought to see Warden Walter Beatty  and Deputy Warden Wilson , the head guard. They wish to run a "test" with Harry and Skip on a mechanical bull in the warden\'s office. To everyone\'s surprise, Skip rides the bull at full power, so Beatty selects him to compete in the prison\'s annual rodeo competition. Out in the yard, Jesus and Rory inform Harry and Skip of the truth behind the rodeo: it\'s really a crooked operation run by Beatty and Warden Henry Sampson , who heads the neighboring prison. The money from the rodeo, which is supposed to go to the prisoners, really ends up in the wardens\' pockets. Knowing that Skip will be selected as the prison\'s new "champion", Jesus and Rory hatch a plan for escape. In order for it to work, Skip must refuse to participate in the rodeo: the longer he holds out, the better chance he has at "striking a deal" with the warden. After Skip refuses to participate, the angry warden orders Deputy Wilson to "straighten him out", which Wilson is only too happy to do. Prison life soon becomes more difficult than ever for Harry and Skip as Wilson and the guards attempt to break them down. First they are put on hard labor detail and deprived of both water and sleep. When this fails, the guards lock Skip up, overnight, hanging by his wrists and ankles. Skip awakens the next morning to discover that his bad back is cured. Wilson then puts Skip in solitary confinement; Skip asks for an extra day. Being returned to his cell, Skip discovers that he and Harry have a new cell mate: Grossberger, whom they quickly befriend. Harry and Skip are visited by Garber, along with his cousin Meredith , who is fighting to prove their innocence. Skip takes an immediate liking to Meredith, who informs him she never gets personally involved with clients. Meanwhile, Warden Beatty is furious at Wilson for not breaking Harry and Skip yet, and decides to handle things himself. Soon afterward, Harry is sent to the prison\'s hospital ward for appendicitis. A prisoner in the neighboring bed  tells Harry of the horrors of the ward: he himself was admitted for a hernia operation, and the doctor castrated him in the process. As soon as Harry sees the doctor , he runs screaming from the ward. Skip meets with Warden Beatty to make a deal. In exchange for Skip\'s participation in the rodeo, Skip requests his own crew , along with a much bigger jail cell, all according to the plan. Warden Beatty agrees, telling Deputy Wilson to have an inmate guard watch them at all times. Willson assigns Graham and Blade to the task, who anxiously voice their resentment: Graham, who resents being "pushed aside" for Skip, and Blade, who regard the group as "brown-noses". Wilson tells Graham of his own agenda: Skip will not leave the rodeo alive. Training Skip and Harry for the rodeo, Graham ensures that their lives - especially Harry\'s - are made difficult. While practicing for the rodeo, Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger acquire the numerous tools they require for their escape, using the prison\'s metal shop to transform them into seemingly everyday items. In their new large jail cell, the quintet have numerous comforts: books, a television, a radio, and a guitar, among other things. While relaxing in their cell, Grossberger breaks his silence when he sings "Birmingham Jail" during an awkward moment. Meredith has gotten a job as a waitress in a country western strip club, so she may search for possible suspects. When she meets the real crooks - recognized by a tattoo on one of their hands that a witness  saw on one of them - Meredith calls Len Garber, and the police. The rodeo begins, and Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger all perform their tasks flawlessly, arousing no suspicions, in spite of Wilson and Graham\'s attempt to kill Skip: Graham spikes a horse Skip is riding, but Skip manages to stay on the horse and dismount, unhurt. Graham then puts a lock on the gate, trapping Skip inside with an out-of control bull, but Grossberger breaks the lock off, allowing Skip out through the chute with the bull. During every major event when everyone is distracted, one of them slips out through a secret opening, taking them through air vents to either a restroom, where Jesus\' wife Teresa  waits to provide them disguises, or through a vent to a hollow pushcart, manned by Jesus\' brother Ramon . Once through, they put on their disguises and re-enter the grounds as customers. Skip is set to compete against reigning champion Caesar Geronimo  to swipe the prize: a bag of money  from the horns of a large, Brahman bull. Skip asks Caesar if he\'s tired of being his warden\'s stooge, suggesting that they give the money to the prisoners, even offering to help Caesar win if he chooses to do so. Both contestants play hard, but Caesar is the winner, grabbing the bag. Inspired by Skip\'s words, Caesar throws the bag over the fence to the inmates, much to the shock and outrage of wardens Beatty and Sampson. Skip prepares his own escape through the secret opening, but Graham shows up, suspicious. Grossberger knocks Graham out and Skip makes his escape into the waiting pushcart. He\'s herded off into the waiting camper, and the group drives off. Arriving at a secret meeting spot, Jesus and Rory quickly make introductions, then bid Harry and Skip farewell as they all pile into a waiting car, heading off to Mexico. Harry and Skip hop in the other waiting car, only to be stopped by another car containing Len Garber and Meredith. She tells Harry and Skip that, thanks to her work, the police have captured the real crooks, who have confessed to the bank robbery that wrongly convicted them. Harry and Skip, ecstatic, decide to resume their original plans of heading to Hollywood. Skip asks Meredith to go with him, and Meredith, on a whim, says yes.'] ['On the first day of summer, dim-witted but charming Ed , experiences a nightmare featuring talking burgers. Troubled by the nightmare, Ed shows up late to work at Good Burger. On the same morning, Dexter , a fellow high school student of Ed, steals his mother\'s car after she leaves for a business trip. Dexter accidentally crashes into his teacher, Mr. Wheat\'s ([[Sinbad  car. With no driver\'s license or insurance, Dexter is in danger of going to jail. However, Mr. Wheat agrees to allow Dexter to pay for a total of $2,500 in car damages instead of calling the police. Dexter must find a summer job to pay for the expenses. Dexter first finds employment at Mondo Burger. However, after he insults Mondo Burger\'s manager, Kurt Bozwell , he was fired and found employment at Good Burger. There, he meets and reluctantly befriends Ed and a slew of colorful employees. However, little does Dexter know...Ed inadvertently caused the car accident. After waking up late, Ed rushes to work on rollerblades. He then skates in front of Dexter, causing him to swerve and hit Mr. Wheat\'s car. Dexter finds much success at Good Burger. However, his success at Good Burger takes a turn for the worse. Across the street from Good Burger, a Mondo Burger opens. The popular Mondo Burger produces over-sized burgers, much bigger than the Good Burger burgers. However, with the invention of Ed\'s "secret sauce", Good Burger is saved. After Dexter realizes that Ed caused his car accidents, Dexter takes part of Ed\'s credit to pay off the debt. Ed\'s sauce reigns success, causing Mondo Burger\'s Manager, Kurt to attempt to steal the sauce. First, he entices Ed with a higher hourly wage at Mondo Burger. Dedicated to Good Burger, Ed denies Kurt\'s request. Kurt then sends in the notorious, Roxanne  to seduce Ed and find the ingredients of the "secret sauce". With her attempts, Ed injures her. After, Ed and Dexter disguise themselves as old women and enter Mondo Burger. They discover that Mondo Burger chemically induces their burgers  with "Triampathol", an illegal food additive. Kurt realizes the old women are Dexter and Ed, and kidnaps them. He sends them to the Demented Hills Mental Hospital to prevent the public from believing the Mondo Burger\'s secret. After sending Ed and Dexter to Demented Hills, Kurt and his employees break into Good Burger after closing hours and poison Ed\'s secret sauce with shark poison. When Ed and Dexter\'s co-worker Otis  attempts to stop them, Kurt then takes him captive and sends him to Demented Hills, as well. There, Otis tells the duo about Kurt\'s scheme to ruin the secret sauce. They devise a plan to escape. Ed begins to dance and sing, encouraging the other patients to dance. After the entire mental hospital breaks out in dance, the trio escapes the mental hospital. They steal an ice cream van to leave the hospital. Then, Ed and Dexter break into Mondo Burger and expose the chemically-induced burgers to the police. Ed tries to take a can of Triampathol, but accidentally knocks one into the meat grinder. Ed then pours the rest of the substance into the grinder. Kurt catches Ed and Dexter. Just before he attempts to rid the two, the Mondo Burger building begins blow up as a cause of the Triampathol-overdosed burgers exploding. After the building destructs, the police arrests Kurt for illegal substance use. With the destruction of Mondo Burger, Mr. Wheat\'s car is destroyed once again . Ed and Dexter then walk back to Good Burger where the Good Burger employees praise the two as Good Burger heroes. The film ends with Ed infamously saying "Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, can I take your order?"'] ['The film begins with a drunken and downtrodden Catholic priest stumbling aimlessly around town while "Please Call Me Baby", performed by Tom Waits, plays, then telling his story to a sympathetic bartender . Father Brian Finn  has been dedicated to his calling since he was a child and now shares the duties of a New York parish with an older priest, Fr. Havel . Rabbi Jacob "Jake" Schram , best friends with Brian since childhood, is the youngest rabbi at his Conservative synagogue; his lack of effort to find a Jewish wife often results in his mother  and other women of his congregation setting him up on blind dates, much to his dismay. The two men show a close bond, even in their professions, where the two are planning the opening of a jointly sponsored community center. In its earlier days, the friendship included a third party. Via flashbacks and reminiscent musings, Anna Reilly  is introduced: she met Jake and Brian in middle school, after beating up a bully who was picking on them. The three enjoyed attending ballgames, playing sports, and riding the subway around the city together, as well as getting into typical mischief. Unfortunately, Anna\'s father got a new job that resulted in the Reillys moving cross-country to California. Years later, Anna calls her old friends out of the blue and the friendship is rekindled when her company temporarily re-assigns her to a New York position. Feelings quickly begin to run deeper than before, as Anna, despite her workaholic tendencies, is as vibrant as Brian and Jake remembered her; however, it is, ironically, the men\'s careers that prove to be the most problematic. She and Jake start sleeping together, but he is reluctant to be involved in a serious relationship with her because she is not Jewish, a fact which could compromise his relationship with his congregation and also with his mother . Between the religious conflict and their desire to spare the feelings of their mutual friend, the relationship is kept mostly secret, resulting in both humorous and harmful complications. Meanwhile, Brian is involved in his own test of faith as he struggles with his feelings for Anna despite his vows. Apart from praying about the situation and discussing it with Fr. Havel, he keeps these thoughts mostly to himself. Brian begins misinterpreting Anna\'s words and actions  and even has an erotic dream about her; he begins to seriously consider quitting the priesthood to pursue a romantic relationship with her. Anna tells Jake that she wants things to be more serious between them and he does not respond well. When Jake\'s mother discovers their relationship, the two have an argument over the religious issues complicating their romance, which ends in the two parting ways in frustration. Anna turns to Brian for comfort and he rushes over to her apartment. Still unaware of what\'s been going on, he takes her tearful ramblings to be a confession of feelings for him, then kisses her and admits his love. When she interrupts him, he first assumes it to be guilt based on his vows, but she tells him she is in love with Jake. Feeling embarrassed and rejected, Brian raids Anna\'s liquor cabinet, angrily cutting off her attempts to re-assure him and apologize. The next day, still drunk, Brian stumbles into the temple and interrupts a post-bar mitzvah gathering, resulting in a confrontation with Jake that ends with the priest punching the rabbi. He leaves and stumbles around the city, which brings the movie back to the very first scene with the bartender. As the Community Center\'s grand opening approaches, along with the last days of Anna\'s east coast assignment, the relationships begin to mend. A discussion between the two men prompts Jake to go to Anna\'s office building , with Brian shouting encouragement at him as he runs down the street. Jake manages to get Anna\'s attention from a window in the building across the street and calls to explain himself and offer to set things right. They surprise Brian in the middle of his karaoke number at the interfaith center, which looks to be off to a successful start. Anna greets Rabbi Lewis  as he passes by and asks about their meetings together, at which point it becomes clear that she had been taking classes to convert to Judaism. The film ends happily with the three childhood friends posing for a photo together.'] ["The film opens with Alex , performing at a club with another artist. The performance goes badly, and Alex is kicked out of the partnership on account of his depressing lyrics. The next day, Alex arrives late at work much to the scrutiny of his boss and co-worker. He tries to leave early to go to a gig, although his boss refuses to let him go, and his co-worker taunts him about it. This prompts Alex to assault him and he is fired immediately afterwards. Now out of work, Alex goes to his gig, which is at a school and involves him playing guitar for a group of mentally handicapped adults while dressed in a pink moose outfit. The gig goes well at first with the group getting up to dance while he plays, although one of them latter attacks him with a fake knife, prompting Alex to punch him. He is kicked out of the school, and wanders into a park where he meets a man named Jim  who recognizes him from the failed performance the night before. After initially trying to chase him off, Jim knocks Alex unconscious and drags him back home where he proposes his idea of starting a band together, since he too was recently kicked out of a band. Alex, upset about being knocked out and abducted, chases Jim out of his apartment and later gets a call from his older brother Brian  Brian suggests that Alex stay at his place for a while to get his life back together, and Alex initially agrees, although later changes his mind and returns to Jim, agreeing to travel with him. After borrowing Jim's Grandpa's car, the two begin writing music on the way to the first gig later that night, and arrive only to discover that Jim isn't technically booked at the club he wants to perform at. They meet with Cassidy , who works as a manager for the club and agrees to book them after taking an interest in Alex. That night, Alex and Jim perform together and are a huge success. They spend the night at Cassidy's place and in the morning, she insists on joining them on their tour. Alex reluctantly brings her along, and she creates merchandise to sell during the shows. At the next gig, the band is greeted with star treatment and a top notch dressing room with complimentary wine and snacks. When Alex asks Jim how he managed to get a dressing room like that, Jim admits that he told the manager that Scott Weiland from the Stone Temple Pilots was fronting them. Shortly before the gig, the manager confronts Jim about Weilands absence and Jim tells him that Weiland on a bender, and can't make the show. He convinces the manager that the story is true, and lies well enough to bring him to tears. The band doesn't get to perform but sells most of their merch and Cassidy steals a bottle of wine. After Jim falls asleep, Alex and Cassidy share the bottle and chat, although Alex becomes agitated when Cassidy reveals that she read the letter he writes to himself . The band continues its travels, eventually taking a gig in an unusual frat house. After the gig, Cassidy and Alex have sex, and Alex wakes up in the morning to discover that Cassidy has taken all their money and left. With little gas, Alex and Jim are unable to arrive at their next gig, and are stranded in a small town, unable to raise any money. Alex gives up and leaves, traveling to his brother's house. Brian and his family, all born again Christians, are happy to accept Alex back home. He rooms with his nephew Jackson , and teaches him a little of how to play guitar. The next day, Jackson expresses an interest in taking a music course, much to Brian's dismay. Alex tries to convince Brian to support Jackson's decision but Brian chastizes Alex for being a bad influence on his son. Alex deciding he is no longer welcome, gets ready to leave and as he is saying his goodbye to Jackson, he sees Cassidy walking down the street towards him. Cassidy explains that she returned the money, and that Jim's grandfather has died. When Alex asks where Jim has gone, Cassidy tells him where the club is, and Alex asks Brian to drive him. Brian reluctantly agrees to do so and they arrive to see Jim being thrown out. He reconciles with Jim, and the two perform outside the club. As they drive away to continue their tour, now with Cassidy rejoining them. Cassidy promises to repay Alex and Jim, and during the final moments of the film, passionately kisses Alex."] ["Repossession men Laurel and Hardy serve a summons to Mr. Kennedy, who has failed to pay the installments for his radio. They wind up destroying both their car and the radio, as Mrs. Kennedy returns home to announce she's just paid for the radio."] ["During his first job, rookie hitman Ray  accidentally kills a young boy. He and his senior colleague Ken  are sent to Bruges by their employer Harry Waters , and told to await further instructions. While Ken takes in the sights and historic medieval buildings, Ray is agitated and depressed, wracked with guilt over the boy's death. One night, while observing a film shoot with a dwarf actor Jimmy , Ray strikes up a romance with Chloë , a local drug dealer and thief, moonlighting as a production assistant. On a date, Ray gets involved in a fistfight with a couple from Canada, mistaking them for Americans. Later that night, Chloë's former boyfriend Eirik  threatens Ray with a handgun loaded with blanks, but Ray disarms him and shoots Eirik in the eye, partially blinding him. Despite his budding romance with Chloë, Ray's guilt at his accidental killing of the boy continues to haunt him. Ken finally receives a call from Harry, who orders him to kill Ray on the principle that the killing of a child — even accidentally — is unforgivable; he would expect the same penalty if it happened to him, as Harry is a family man himself. Ken retrieves a handgun from Harry's local Belgian contact and tracks Ray to a park. As Ken sneaks up behind Ray to kill him, he sees Ray is about to shoot himself. His concern for his young friend overrides his sense of duty to their employer, and Ken prevents Ray's suicide. Ken then confesses to Ray that he had been ordered by Harry to kill Ray, although Ken denies that he intended to go through with the execution. While the two discuss the situation, Ken takes Ray's gun and convinces him to leave the city and the business. Following Ray's departure, Ken calls Harry, reveals his insubordination and location, and abruptly hangs up. An enraged Harry immediately heads to Bruges, where he gets a gun and dumdum bullets from his contact. Before Ray's train has travelled far from the city, he is arrested for assaulting the Canadian couple and escorted back to Bruges. Chloë bails Ray out of jail, and the two share a drink on the market square beneath Bruges' belfry. Ken and Harry meet for a drink nearby, before heading to the belfry, passing by Ray and Chloë without noticing them. At the top of the carillon tower, Ken declares that Ray deserves a chance at redemption, but refuses to fight Harry in defense of his own life, as he loves and respects him for his honor and generosity. Harry, while furious, takes pity on Ken and shoots him in the leg rather than in the head. When Eirik, passing by, spots Ray and Chloë and informs Harry of Ray's location, Ken fights with Harry for Ray's sake, and is shot in the neck. Harry descends the steps to confront Ray, leaving Ken seriously wounded. Ken drags himself back to the top of the carillon tower and searches for Harry in an attempt to shoot him before he harms Ray, but due to fog, he cannot see from the tower. Ken decides to jump off with his gun, hoping to allow Ray to use it in his defence. After first scattering coins to clear the area below of people, he jumps and lands in the plaza, living just long enough to warn Ray of Harry's arrival. However, the gun is shattered by the fall. With Harry in pursuit, Ray flees back to the hotel for his gun, which Ken had stashed in a drawer in their room. Harry arrives soon after, but Marie , the pregnant owner of the hotel, refuses to allow him up the stairs. Shouting through the stairwell, both men agree that Ray will try to flee from the back of the hotel, and Harry will run after him and shoot him if he can. Ray jumps on to a passing boat and drops his gun in the process. Ray looks back in time to see Harry drawing down on him from a bridge, but doubts that Harry will be able to make the shot due to the distance. Despite the long range, Harry fires and hits Ray in the abdomen. Harry pursues the now-wounded Ray through the streets before stumbling onto the film set, where Jimmy is in costume as a schoolboy. Harry shoots Ray another three times and in the process inadvertently shoots Jimmy in the head with the expanding ammunition, effectively decapitating him. Mistaking Jimmy's headless body for that of a child, Harry commits suicide on principle despite Ray's attempts to stop him. The gravely-wounded Ray is lifted onto an ambulance as he sees Marie, Eirik and Chloë in turn. Once in the ambulance, Ray considers prison or death as sufficient recompense for accidentally killing the boy, but then wonders if hell consists of staying in Bruges forever, at which point he says he hopes to live. He then slips into unconsciousness, leaving his fate unclear."] ['The day prior to the events of Clerks; April 9, 1993, college student T.S. Quint is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi Svenning, during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father\'s dating game show. They argue over this and eventually break up. T.S. turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce, who has also broken up with his girlfriend, Rene Mosier after having an argument, and Brodie suggests the two might find solace at the local mall. Brodie and T.S. discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, and ask local drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob to destroy the show\'s stage , a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans. These actions result in the two being pursued by mall security guard LaFours, but they are able to escape him. Brodie finds out Rene began a relationship with his nemesis Shannon Hamilton, a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of his "lack of a shopping agenda." Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with Shannon and the two have sex in an elevator. Rene seems to have some respect for Brodie once more, but the latter is later confronted and assaulted by Shannon, who admits on intending to seduce Rene and then have sex with her in a "very uncomfortable place"; a running joke is that this is interpreted as the "back of a Volkswagen". As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall\'s Easter Bunny, under the wrongful assumption that he attacked Brodie. Brandi\'s father, Jared, who is aware of Brodie and T.S\'s presence at the mall, has the two arrested by LaFours, who tries to plant drugs on them. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie and T.S. and are once again able to evade LaFours. Meanwhile, Brodie and T.S. seek refuge at a local flea market, where they meet local fortune teller Ivannah. T.S. decides to win back Brandi and the two return to the mall. Before the show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who was visiting the mall. After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her sexual intercourse with Shannon. Tricia herself was doing a project in which she had sex with a number of male adults, despite being only fifteen years old, for a book about the sex drive of men. Meanwhile, T.S. also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants high, which allow him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date. The initial plan was all three contestants but the third one, Gil Hicks, showed up late, and Brodie and T.S. must go on with him. During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie and T.S., and an argument ensues between the three while being aired as well as being in front of the crowd. Brodie tells Brandi that T.S. had spent all day trying to win her back. T.S. then proposes to Brandi, which she accepts. As the police arrive to arrest T.S. and Brodie after the show is over, Silent Bob  plays a sex tape of Shannon and Tricia, which results in the former being arrested. Brodie and Rene renew their relationship as a result. The conclusion reveals that T.S. marries Brandi, while the show\'s producers are so impressed with Brodie\'s stage banter that they offer him his own talk show, with Rene as his bandleader.'] ['Blue-collar mechanic Carter Chambers  and billionaire hospital magnate Edward Cole  meet for the first time in the hospital after both have been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Although Edward is reluctant to share a room with Carter, complaining that he "looks half-dead already", they become friends as they undergo their respective treatments. Carter is a gifted amateur historian and family man who had wanted to become a history professor in his youth, had been "black, broke, [and with a] baby on the way" and, thus, never rose above his status as a mechanic at the McCreath body shop. Carter loves showing off his knowledge and his favorite show is Jeopardy!. Edward is a four-time divorced health-care tycoon and cultured loner who enjoys nothing more than tormenting his personal valet/servant, Thomas ([[Sean Hayes , who later reveals his name is actually Matthew. Edward prefers to call him Thomas because he finds the name Matthew "too biblical". Edward enjoys drinking Kopi Luwak, one of the most expensive coffees in the world. Carter begins writing a "bucket list", or things to do before he died, he "kicks the bucket" . After hearing he has less than a year, Carter discards the list. Edward finds it the next morning and urges Carter to do everything on the list , and offers to finance the trip for the both of them. Carter agrees, despite the protests of his wife, Virginia . Edward and Carter begins an around-the-world vacation. They go skydiving together, drive a Shelby Mustang, fly over the North Pole, eat dinner at Chevre d\'Or in France, visit and praise the beauty and history of Taj Mahal, India, ride motorcycles on the Great Wall of China, and attend a lion safari in Africa. Atop the Great Pyramid, looking out over the pyramids of Khafre and Menkaure, they confide about faith and family, revealing that Carter has long been feeling less in love with his wife and that Edward is deeply hurt by his estrangement from his only daughter, who disowned him after he drove away her abusive husband. In Hong Kong, Edward hires a prostitute named Angelica  for Carter, who has never been with any woman but his wife. Carter declines and, realizing that he loves his wife, asks to return home. On the drive back, Carter reciprocates by trying to reunite Edward with his daughter. Edward angrily storms off. Carter returns home to his wife, children, and grandchildren where they have a nice family dinner telling stories and sharing jokes while a frustrated Edward stays home eating frozen dinners alone. The family reunion is short-lived. While preparing for a romantic interlude, Carter suffers a seizure and is rushed to the hospital. The cancer has spread to his brain. Edward, who is now in remission, visits him and they share a few moments, wherein Carter reveals with great amusement how the Kopi Luwak Edward enjoys is grown in a Sumatran village, is eaten and defecated by a jungle cat, and is harvested because of the special aroma of the gastric juices. Carter crosses off "laugh till I cry" from his bucket list and insists Edward finish the list without him. Carter goes into surgery, but the procedure is unsuccessful and he dies on the operating table. As Carter dies and the news is given to his wife and family, Edward finally attempts to reconcile with his daughter. She accepts him back into her life as well as introduces him to the granddaughter he never knew he had. After greeting the little girl with a kiss on the cheek, Edward crosses "kiss the most beautiful girl in the world" off the list. Edward delivers a eulogy at the funeral, explaining that he and Carter had been complete strangers, but the last three months of Carter\'s life were the best three months of his. He crosses off "help a complete stranger for the good" from the list. The epilogue reveals that Edward lived until age 81, and his ashes were then taken to the Himalayas by his assistant Matthew. As Matthew places a Chock full o\'Nuts coffee can alongside another can, he crosses off the last item on the bucket list  and places it between the cans. Carter\'s narration reveals the two cans contain their ashes and that Edward would have loved this, because he was "buried on the mountain, and that was against the law."'] ['Former university literature professor Teodor "Teja" Kraj  is now a manager of a big publishing house whose workers are just about to go on strike. During the 1990s Teja was highly involved in overthrowing the regime of Slobodan Milošević. One day a strange man entered his office carrying a big suitcase. Teja was sure this man was a writer when he gave Teja four books ready to be published. After a short conversation Teja found out that these books were actually his. Teja thought this was a joke when stranger finally introduced himself as Luka Laban , a former officer of State Security. He also found out that Luka followed him for ten years, day after day, in order to make the daily report about his movements. After Luka retired he put all his daily reports together and wrote four books about Teja\'s movements for last ten years. Teja was surprised when he heard that wherever he was, Luka was behind him. As they continue to talk, the last ten years of their lives begin to appear. Teja heard that Luka intended to kill him during the antiregime demonstrations in March 1991. Teja was amazed with what he heard and from this point movie gives us retrospective view of the past events. In all these situations Teja was fighting against regime and Luka was right behind him monitoring his movements. The first time Luka really tried to kill Teja was in 1995 after one of the demonstrations Teja took part in. When Luka told Teja that it was him who hit him with the car after these demonstrations Teja intended to kill Luka but he was stopped by his secretary. While he was talking to Luka Teja was interrupted in many occasions by the union leader Jovan who threatened to take workers to streets. In the New Year eve of 1997 Luka found out that his daughter Ana, who was Teja\'s student, was dating Teja, what gave him personal interest to ruin Teja\'s life. He made photos of these two which he used to ruin his marriage. Because of these photos Teja lost his job as a university professor. Teja reminded Luka that his daughter finished in a hospital after she suffered nervous breakdown and left university. When he asked Luka why he did that Luka answered: "Yes, she left the university but she also left you." After that Ana went to live in Canada and Luka promised to her that one day he is going to have a friendly conversation with Teja. Luka than opened the suitcase he brought with himself. The suitcase was full of ordinary things Teja lost during last ten years mostly when he was completely drunk. Luka than started telling him stories related to things he lost. The more he was talking Teja started to remember the miserable moments of his life for last ten years. Now he finally found out that Luka was the man who destroyed his life, ruined his marriage and he even "helped" Teja to lose his job. Stories of these two men described some of the darkest events in Serbian history. At the end of the movie Luka saved Teja\'s life when the union leader Jovan, at that point Teja realized he was a National Security agent, tried to kill him. Luka said he wanted Teja to have those four books he brought and a drama they just played because Luka recorded everything they said. Luka than gave Teja Ana\'s phone number in Canada to call and tell her had friendly talk. After this they departed as friends.'] ["Set in Atlanta, it follows Clyde Williams  and Billy Foster  as a pair of blue-collar workers who are trying to raise funds for the Brothers and Sisters of Shaka. They decide to rig a boxing match in New Orleans. They use hypnotism to convince underdog boxer Bootney Farnsworth  that he is a highly skilled prize fighter. He fights and defeats the champion, 40th Street Black . Williams and Foster clean up after betting Farnsworth. The pair return home, and all is fine until the gangsters who lost money betting on the other guy figure out the scam and come to Atlanta, to get the pair to do it again...or be killed. Unable to enter Farnsworth's training room to dehypnotize him, which in turn would cause him to lose the fight, Williams and Foster decide to bet on the match being a draw, and place bets with both gangster groups. They then enter 40th Street Black's training room and successfully hypnotize him. Both fighters end up simultaneously knocking each other out, and Williams and Foster are able to collect their bets before the gangsters discover what happened."] ["In October 1992, an elite group of North Korean soldiers are put through a brutal training regime. Under the auspices of their commander, Park Mu-young , they will be sent into South Korea as sleeper agents, to be reactivated at some later date. The most promising of the group is Lee Bang-hee, a female sniper who systematically kills several key South Korean government figures over the next six years. Over six years later, in September 1998, South Korea is searching for Bang-hee. The agent in charge of her case, Yu Jong-won  has nightmares about her murdering both him and his partner, Lee Jang-gil . Yu is also engaged to a young woman, Yi Myung-hyun , a former alcoholic and the owner of a fish and aquarium supply store. They are happy together, but Yu is worried that he cannot tell Myung-hyun about the real nature of his job due to his security clearance. Yu and Lee are contacted by an arms dealer who claims to have information about their quarry, but he is shot dead by Bang-hee before he can give them any information. After digging a bit deeper, they determine that he had been contacted by the assassin at some point, in the effort to acquire something. That something turns out to be CTX, a binary liquid explosive developed by the South Korean government. In its ground state, CTX is indistinguishable from water, but when placed under the right temperature conditions for long enough, a single liter of it can explode with enough force to level a fifteen-story building. The agents begin to suspect its intended use by the assassins, when Kim, a scientist working at a lab connected to CTX, is assassinated by Bang-hee. Park and his agents ambush a military convoy with several liters of CTX, killing all the soldiers and making off with the dangerous liquid before the agents could arrive in time to warn them. Later, Park calls Yu and issues an ultimatum: he has concealed several CTX bombs around Seoul, and will give him just enough time to find each one before setting them off. It is revealed that Park and Yu have a history: Park once hijacked a civilian airliner and killed many civilians, but managed to escape by disguising himself as a wounded member of the flight crew. The first of the CTX bombs is found on top of a department store, but Park lied about the time factor. The bomb explodes just as the bomb disposal team discover its exact location, resulting in dozens of deaths. Yu is devastated, as is Myung-hyun, who has begun drinking again. Yu realizes that there may be a security leak, and suspects Lee - who, ironically enough, suspects the same thing and bugged Yu's car and phone to see if he could learn anything. They set a trap - into which Park and Bang-hee step - but the situation quickly escalates into a firefight resulting in police and civilian casualties. Several of the agents are killed. Others, including Park, escape. Myung-hyun sustains an injury, which she tries to hide from Yu. Yu sees her dressing her wounds without her knowledge, and struggles to take in the true identity of his girlfriend was in fact Bang-hee. Mu-young  who forced her for never seeing Yu again Myung-hyun's identity is confirmed later when electronic surveillance devices are discovered in fish decorating Yu's office. Yu himself had suggested bringing in the fish, and his girlfriend had supplied them. Lee confronts her in her shop, and is shot by Park. Yu suddenly appears with officers, who engage in a firefight with Park and his agents. Park and Myung-hyun escape, while a dying Lee hands a soccer match ticket to Yu. The terrorists aim to detonate a CTX bomb directly over the Royal Box at a soccer stadium in the midst of an international friendly match played by a North and South Korean team. The agents were misled into believing the next CTX target was at the airport, while Yu realizes the ticket held by his dead partner means the bomb is actually at the stadium. He defies orders and rushes to the stadium, where Park, Bang-hee, and other terrorists mingle with the crowd. They find a total ban on all liquids, but enter easily as the CTX and weapons were already planted in the stadium beforehand. Bang-hee retrieves a hidden Steyr AUG from a restroom cubicle, while Park and his agents tail several patrolling South Korean SWAT officers who later adjourn to the restrooms. There, the policemen are killed and their bodies quickly dragged away. Myung-hyun advances into the grandstand with her rifle, while Park and three other men, now disguised as South Korean SWAT officers in uniforms stolen from the dead policemen, enter the stadium control room, killing everyone there and forcing the remaining staff to switch on the stadium lights to trigger the CTX. Yu arrives at the stadium, and is tipped off about the lights. A violent confrontation in the control room results in the death of all four terrorists, and the lights are switched off in the nick of time. Myung-hyun notices this, and fires at the VIPs, but misses her target. Chasing after the entourage, she kills several more SWAT officers along the way before being confronted by a large group of officers led by Yu. As she makes a last-ditch attempt to complete her mission, she is shot dead by Yu. Yu later learns that Bang-hee was pregnant with his child, and had left detailed instructions on how to catch her on his answering machine before leaving for the stadium. Yu then visits the real Myung-hyun, who is at a hospital for chemo therapy, and Myung-hyun explains to Yu how Bang-hee became a sister figure to Myung-hyun and how she loved to hear a particular song. Myung-hyun lets Yu listen to that song, and while listening to it Yu is captivated by the lyrics. The scene then fades, while Yu, still listening to the song, shuts his eyes."] [" Boris the Animal, last surviving member of the predatory Boglodite race, escapes from the inescapable LunarMax prison on Earth's moon intent on going back in time to kill Agent K, who on July 16, 1969, caused the loss of one of Boris' arms and arrested him. On Earth, K learns of the escape after investigating a spaceship crash in the New York City streets and a Chinese restaurant teeming with alien life. While K won't reveal any details to Agent J, he confesses his regret at not having killed Boris in 1969. Late that night when the two agents are in their respective apartments, K calls J seemingly to tell all but remains silent and J hangs up on him. K then makes preparation for an ambush and sets to wait when all traces of him and his apartment disappear. The next morning J goes to talk with K and discovers the world is different. At MIB headquarters, J learns that all other MIB personnel remember K as having been killed in action in the year 1969. Agent O, the new Chief after Zed's passing, deduces from J's insistence of his reality and knowledge of details about Agent K that a fracture has occurred in the space-time continuum. She deduces Boris time-jumped to 1969 – knowledge of time-travel having been restricted to prevent such an occurrence – and killed K, resulting in a different future reality and an imminent Boglodite invasion of Earth, now vulnerable due to the absence of the protective ArcNet which, in J's version of reality, K had installed in 1969. Through electronics-shop owner Jeffrey Price, J acquires the same time-jump mechanism as Boris, but his query about how he can remember K when nobody else can merely results in Jeffrey informing him that he must have 'been there'. As the doomed Earth is being invaded, J jumps off the Chrysler Building to reach time-travel velocity and arrives in 1969 the day before Boris is supposed to kill K. With some inevitable challenges upon his arrival – including his lack of resources and his skin color – J goes to Coney Island to intercept Boris while he is there to commit a historically recorded murder but a 29-year-old Agent K interrupts and arrests J. After fruitless questioning at MIB headquarters because J had been advised not to interact with the young Agent, K has J placed inside a large Neuralyzer. At the last second, after J confesses the truth of his mission, K aborts the procedure. As a wary team, they follow clues of Boris' trail to a bowling alley then to Andy Warhol's Factory, where they meet the prescient alien Griffin, who occupies 5-dimensions and possesses the ArcNet. Griffin tells them the Boglodites destroyed his planet, and that he does not wish the Earth to suffer the same fate. Griffin then warns the two agents of Boris' impending arrival with the intent to kill him and leaves just before Boris arrives. Agent K narrowly escapes his own demise at the hands of Boris. The elder Boris arrives, meeting up with his younger self and both agree to get the ArcNet and kill K so that the invasion will be imminent. The Agents later locate Griffin at Shea Stadium, where he gives them the ArcNet and instructs K that it must be placed onto the Apollo 11 lunar rocket launch occurring in less than six hours in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Boris arrives and snatches Griffin and the Agents pursue to rescue him from a certain fate. Upon arriving at Cape Canaveral, the agents and Griffin are arrested by military police. A colonel, however, allows them to continue their mission after Griffin uses his precognitive power to show the colonel how important the agents are. At the launch pad, J and K confront both the 1969 and modern incarnations of Boris and the battle ensues on the rocket scaffolding as the launch counts down. The elder Boris impales J with his spikes before they both fall off the pad; however, J uses the time-jump to travel back to the beginning of the fight and avoid the spikes before pushing the elder Boris off the scaffolding, falling to the pad below. Meanwhile, as K battles the younger Boris, he disconnects a hose causing it to spray liquid hydrogen on Boris' left arm, freezing it and causing it to shatter. K then plants the ArcNet on the top of the rocket in the last seconds before blastoff. The elder Boris is incinerated to death in the blast off and the protective shield deploys as the rocket leaves Earth's atmosphere. The colonel congratulates K as he returns from the launch pad. As J watches from the distance, the younger Boris surprises them and kills the colonel. The younger Boris tries to goad K into arresting him, but the junior agent instead shoots the young Boris this time, killing him. A young boy named James exits a military vehicle looking for his father, who happens to be the colonel. He pulls out a pocket watch revealed earlier to have been passed down to Agent J by his father, and J realizes that the young boy is actually his younger self . Unwilling to reveal his father's death, K neuralyzes James, telling him his father is a hero. J then realizes why K wouldn't tell him about why he regretted arresting Boris in the first place. With the timeline restored, J returns to the present day, where he meets his partner at a diner. There, he shows K his father's pocket watch and thanks him, mentioning that he might now know more secrets than K does. As they leave the diner, Griffin, a few seats away, tells the viewers all is well with the world, except for an imminent asteroid impact on Earth if this is the timeline where K forgot to leave a tip. K returns to leave his tip, however, and the asteroid is shown colliding with an orbiting satellite instead."] ['Bucum  is a maverick bounty hunter trying to acquire the funds to start a private investigation firm, and Reggie  is a two-time hustler previously apprehended by Bucum three times, who regularly skips out on bail, and he lives with Gina  his trusting live-in girlfriend. One day, Reggie buys a lottery ticket, and he wins $50 million on a lottery game, but he is thwarted when he spots diamond thieves van while running away from Bucum ,he hides in the thieves van, and he is accidentally kidnapped by the thieves. Reggie manages to escape with Bucum, but Reggie now has to search for his wallet with the lottery ticket, and Bucum wants to catch the diamond thieves, forcing the two of them to reluctantly work together.'] ['Nia Vardalos and Toni Collette play the titular characters, whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends. Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a variety act at an airport lounge. After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in Los Angeles. Initially working at a beauty salon, they wind up posing as drag queens and auditioning to host a drag revue at a gay club. Because they sing their own songs , they are hired, and their variety show (first entitled What a Drag  becomes a hit. Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men interfere with their life. This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff , the straight brother of Robert , one of their drag queen friends. As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley , to convert it into a full dinner theater, and eventually their popularity threatens to expose them. On the official opening night of the dinner theater, the mob killers catch up with them, but with the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience , Connie and Carla take them down. They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and are accepted for who they are. Connie reveals herself to Jeff, who arrives after the chaos. He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend.  The following is a list of musicals referenced or featured in the film : * Oklahoma! - Connie and Carla perform "Oklahoma!" as young girls in their school lunchroom and in the airport lounge and "I Cain\'t Say No" during their audition at The Handlebar. * Jesus Christ Superstar - Connie and Carla perform "Superstar" in the airport lounge and "Everything\'s Alright" during their first performance at The Handlebar. * Yentl - Connie and Carla perform "Papa, Can You Hear Me?" in the airport lounge. * Cats - Connie and Carla perform "Memory" in the airport lounge. * The Rocky Horror Show - Peaches \'n\' Creme perform "The Time Warp" at The Handlebar. * Cabaret - Connie and Carla perform "Maybe This Time" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Evita - Connie and Carla perform "Don\'t Cry for Me, Argentina" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Mame - Interludes during the picture with the character Tibor seeing several performances of Mame. * South Pacific - "I\'m Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair", is part of Connie and Carla\'s performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. They also sing "There Is Nothing Like a Dame" at the end of the film with the rest of the main cast. * Funny Girl - Connie and Carla sing "Don\'t Rain on My Parade", part of their performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. * Thoroughly Modern Millie, The Producers, Say Goodnight, Gracie, Never Gonna Dance, Gypsy, Chicago, Mamma Mia!, Long Days Journey into Night, Master Harold...and the Boys, Avenue Q, Man of La Mancha, and Hairspray - Billboards for these shows are shown. * Gypsy, Rent, and Hairspray - At this point in the film, these are mentioned by Tibor, Hairspray, of which, he got a matinée ticket, though no songs from the shows are sung. The theater productions of Rent, Hairspray, and Mamma Mia! became semi-successful movie musicals shortly after this film. * Gypsy - "Let Me Entertain You" is performed by Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls. * Hair - Connie says the guys should enter from the back of the house on "Good Morning, Starshine". * The Music Man - Debbie Reynolds says they should enter from the back of the house on "Seventy-Six Trombones". * Grease - Debbie Reynolds, Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls sing "There Are Worse Things I Could Do". * A Chorus Line - Connie and Carla sing "What I Did for Love". * Guys and Dolls - Connie mentions "the Guys and Dolls tribute."'] ["Two cabbies search San Francisco's Chinatown for a mysterious character who has disappeared with their $4000. Their quest leads them on a humorous, if mundane, journey which illuminates the many problems experienced by Chinese-Americans living at the margins of contemporary American society."] ["Neal Page is trying to return to his family for Thanksgiving in Chicago after being on a business trip in New York. His journey is doomed from the outset, with Del Griffith  interfering first by leaving his trunk by the side of the road causing Neal to trip when racing an uncredited character  for a cab, then moments later again by inadvertently snatching the taxi cab that Neal had bought from an attorney just before. The two inevitably pair up later and begin an error-prone adventure to help Neal get back to his home. Their flight from LaGuardia Airport to O'Hare is diverted to Wichita due to a blizzard in Chicago, which ends up dissipating only a few hours after touchdown in Kansas. When every mode of transport  fails them, what should have been an 1 hour and 45 minute New York-to-Chicago flight turns into a three-day adventure. To complicate matters even further, on the first night in Wichita, a thief breaks into the poorly-locked motel and steals almost $1,000 aggregate from the two men. Neal frequently blows up at Del, blaming him for much of their misfortunes, including the robbery of the first night. These ravings are not all unjustified, as Del's carelessly discarded cigarette sets fire to the rental car, melting all but the radio. Del in turn regards Neal as a pretentious and uptight cynic while Del is less afraid to be himself. After a much heated argument between the two men, a bond between them forms, and Neal finally manages to overcome his arrogance. Both men pull together to finally make their way home, while Del manages to raise money by selling off his entire inventory of shower curtain rings, to kids and adults alike, who think they make good earrings. Under the assumption that Del has a wife and family of his own , the two men part ways. However, Neal later pieces together things Del said and realizes that Del is alone. He goes back to the train station where he had left Del and sees him sitting alone, inside an empty station, after they finally make it back to Chicago. Del tells Neal that Marie actually died eight years prior and that he has been homeless ever since. Neal, having become a nicer person during the journey, invites Del to enjoy Thanksgiving with his family."] ["Miles Raymond  is an unsuccessful writer, a wine-aficionado, and a depressed middle school English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-married actor friend and college roommate, Jack Cole , on a road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Miles wants to relax and live well. However, Jack wants one last sexual fling. In the wine country, the men encounter Maya , a waitress at Miles's favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post, and her friend, Stephanie , an employee at a local winery. They arrange a double date without revealing that Jack is to be married. Jack has an affair with Stephanie while Miles and Maya connect. Miles accidentally tells Maya that Jack is to be married. Enraged by the dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and tells Stephanie, who breaks Jack's nose. Upon finding out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles makes a scene at a wine tasting room, and Jack hooks up with another woman. To explain the broken nose to his fiancée, Jack runs Miles's car into a tree. At the wedding, Miles faces the fact that his ex-wife will never return to him. Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc from a disposable coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant. Later, he receives a message from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit. The last scene in the movie shows Miles back in Santa Ynez, knocking on Maya's door."] ['Charles Todd "Chuck" Levine and Lawrence Arthur "Larry" Valentine (Adam Sandler and [[Kevin James  are two veteran FDNY fire fighters. Chuck is a bachelor and womanizer and Larry is a widower who tries to raise his two children. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses and Chuck almost dies. Larry eventually rescues Chuck by shielding him from the falling debris. As he and Larry are awaken at a hospital later, Chuck vows to repay his debt in any way possible. The incident prompts Larry to realize the fact that death can come for him at any moment, but he has difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries in his life insurance policy. One of the ways suggested for him to do so is to get married. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although at first Chuck declines, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees. Chuck and Larry become domestic partners and Chuck becomes Larry\'s primary beneficiary in the event of his death. Soon, New York City investigators arrive to inquire about their partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of a lawyer, Alex McDonough , who suggests that they get married. Chuck and Larry then marry in Canada and move in together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protestors, whose leader, a minister , calls Chuck a "faggot". Chuck punches him, causing the event to be published in a newspaper. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, the pair come under fire: Chuck and Larry are heckled, while their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work or even play basketball alongside the couple. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan , an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to a very surprised Chuck. Larry\'s effeminate son Eric  is harassed in school by a homophobic bully - but he surprises everybody by easily winning the fight. During the ordeal, the previously homophobic pair come to understand what it is like to be persecuted, and become more accepting of homosexuality. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer  arrives to investigate the couple. The strain on both Larry and Chuck leads to a verbal fight and also working different shifts, although there was a petition to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. This prompts Larry to confront the crew about their personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. After this a call goes out and before they go on the call Larry even goes as far as to say: "Oh! A fire. I hope its not a big one because the faggot who\'s been saving your sorry asses thanks to you is on another shift". After Larry\'s shift is over, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences. The marriage soon comes under fire, as numerous women provide testimonies as to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage on charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, after they realize all Chuck and Larry done for them over the years, and how they were treating Chuck and Larry. Fitzer interrogates both men, who testify that they genuinely love each other . As his final demand, Fitzer asks for the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical, but before they do so, they are interrupted by Captain Phineas J. Tucker , who finally reveals that their marriage is a sham and that they are both straight. Tucker attempts to save Chuck and Larry by claiming that he would have to be arrested as well, since he knew about the fakery, but failed to report it. This prompts the other firefighters to each claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Unfortunately, with these revelations, Chuck, Larry, and other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar. The deal including pleading guilty to fraud, which would reduce the charges to a misdemeanor. Two months later, Duncan and Alex\'s brother, Kevin  are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry were. At the wedding party, Larry finally moves on after the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex tentatively agrees to a dance with Chuck. The film ends when Lance Bass sings, and little Eric tap-dances.'] ['The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon  as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier , as a human cannonball, with \'Fearless\' quickly substituting a dummy at the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment. The flaming dummy sets the big tent on fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee. Their subsequent acts show \'Fearless\' doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured every time. When Chuck brings the next \'great idea\', wrestling a live octopus, \'Fearless\' finally balks and wants to go back to the states. At a fancy restaurant, they\'re sent champagne by a wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble . The festive mood turns sours when the police show up, but Kimble bails them out. They decide to go home to the United States, but when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his yacht for a drink. \'Fearless\' is busy packing and when Chuck comes back, he finds out Chuck spent all their money, five thousand, on the deed for one of Kimble\'s diamond mines. It seems like a good deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign over anything and the deed is worthless. Furious at Chuck losing all their money, \'Fearless\' ends their partnership. Later that evening, \'Fearless\' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming to have \'sold\' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN thousand. They start to leave only to be confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec . \'Fearless\' had inflated the story a little, so the Lebec and his huge bodyguard want Chuck and \'Fearless\' to accompany them to actually see the mine. Chuck and \'Fearless\' manage to escape and jump onto a boat. Stranded, they are propositioned by Julia Quimby  to help rescue her friend, Donna LaTour , from being sold at a slave auction. They bid 150 in local coin on her to rescue her. Unbeknownst to both of them, Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment to get food. Donna reveals to Julia about the seven thousand Chuck and \'Fearless\' have and how she has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the country, not telling them it\'s to see Donna\'s wealthy boyfriend. \'Fearless\' is reluctant to go, but Chuck convinces him it\'s the best way to hide out and really wants to help Donna. On the safari, Donna romances \'Fearless\', but he\'s unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to Chuck, who seem oblivious. Julia, also doesn\'t like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the name of Donna\'s boyfriend. As their journey continues, with the help of an announcer and a montage, both Chuck and \'Fearless\' both vie for Donna\'s attention. During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his feelings and Donna realizes she\'s starting to fall for him too. Julia tells Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a side show crooner. Chuck and \'Fearless\' continue to fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging \'Fearless\' and \'Fearless\' ripping up Chuck\'s shirt. Donna finally confides to \'Fearless\' that despite her feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another. Thinking its him, \'Fearless\' agrees to tell Chuck. Chuck refuses to believe \'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in and tell them both about the rich boyfriend. Chuck and \'Fearless\' finally learn they\'ve been had from the beginning and everything had been a set-up. They angrily run into the jungle to confront her. While she\'s swimming, a pair of leopards appear and tear her clothes while she hides in the reeds. Upon seeing her torn clothes, Chuck and \'Fearless\' assume she\'s dead. They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna watches. During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the fact she lied to them, they both loved her. Chuck and \'Fearless\' start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and then they both turn on her. They storm off into the jungle and the safari leaves without them. While trying to find their way back, Chuck and \'Fearless\' stumble upon skeleton-laden caves. They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives. The natives, thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them food. Chuck and \'Fearless\' thinks its great until the natives decide to test them by throwing \'Fearless\' in a cage with a giant gorilla. After a comical wrestling match, in which \'Fearless\' loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use their infamous \'patty cake\' routine to escape. They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the natives. \'Fearless\' reluctantly lets Chuck go get the tickets. When he comes back empty handed, \'Fearless\' is crushed, until Chuck presents Donna and Julia. Donna gave up the rich boyfriend because she\'s in love with Chuck. When \'Fearless\' asks what they are going to do for money, Chuck springs another \'great idea\' and the film ends with the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a woman  in half.'] ['Captain Ivan Danko of the Moscow Militia sets a trap for Viktor Rostavili, a Georgian drug kingpin and crime lord. The ambush severely backfires; Viktor flees the Soviet Union and comes to the USA, after gunning down several other Moscow cops, including Danko\'s partner. Loudmouthed Chicago Police Department Detective-Sergeant Art Ridzik, investigates several local murders committed by Viktor\'s cartel. When Viktor is arrested in Chicago, Danko is despatched to escort him back to Moscow to face justice in the Soviet Union. Unexpectedly, Danko and Ridzik find themselves partnered together when Viktor escapes custody, gunning down Ridzik\'s partner in the process. Danko is frustrated when his lack of a diplomatic license prohibits him from carrying a weapon. He shares his candid observations with Ridzik: "This Chicago is very strange city. Your crime is organized, but your police is not." Danko and Ridzik pursue Viktor and his henchmen around Chicago. Finally, Danko and Viktor commandeer a couple of Greyhound buses, then engage in a high-speed chase, smashing up half of Chicago in the process, with no sign of the cops...until Viktor is side-slammed by a train. He takes on Danko in a running, Texas-style shootout ; Viktor is gunned down. Danko returns to Moscow after exchanging wristwatches with Ridzik as an act of goodwill.'] ["Aging prizefighters and longtime pals Cesar Dominguez  and Vince Boudreau  always regretted not getting one last shot. Out of the blue, such an opportunity comes their way — except it is to fight each other. Boxing promoter Joe Domino  has a problem on his hands. The fighters scheduled to be on his undercard in Vegas, a preliminary to a main event featuring heavyweight Mike Tyson, suddenly become unavailable at the last minute. He needs replacements fast, so a call is made to a gym in Los Angeles to see if Dominguez and Boudreau would be willing to step into the ring against one another. The boxers negotiate one condition: that the winner will be given a chance to fight for the middleweight championship. Domino agrees, although the untrustworthy promoter is not necessarily a man of his word. Cesar and Vince have only a day to get to the fight. They decide to drive rather than fly, so they call upon their friend Grace  to drive them in her lime green Oldsmobile 442. Grace is a former love interest of both. Grace's own plan is to pitch her various money-making ideas to Vegas bigshots like hotel and casino boss Hank Goody  and raise venture capital. Along the way, they pick up a hitchhiker  whose insults finally result in Grace's flattening her with a solid right cross worthy of her traveling companions. The fight between the two friends is sparsely attended, ringside fans and celebrities remaining uninterested until the night's main event. Cesar and Vince mix it up so savagely, however, beating each other to a bloody pulp, that fans in the arena begin paying more and more attention, as do commentators on TV. When the action-packed and dramatic bout comes to an end, Cesar and Vince are paid off, but promptly spend most of their money in the casino. Grace, too, comes away bruised and empty-handed, except for her everlasting relationship between a couple of hard-headed but soft-hearted guys."] ["Nick Persons  sold his collectables store and has had Suzanne , Kevin  and Lindsey  move into his apartment after Suzanne and Nick were married. While getting ready for an interview with Magic Johnson, Suzanne tells Nick that she is pregnant. While at a bar talking to his friend, Suzanne comes in and tells Nick they are having twins. For more space, Suzanne and Nick go check out a house even though Lindsey and Kevin are against it. In the house, they meet Chuck Mitchell Jr. . After some talking, Nick decides to take the house. They find out that the house has mold and Nick did not get the house inspected.Throughout most of the movie Nick is angry with Chuck, and at one point Lindsey sneaks out to go to a party, which Nick finds out about and grounds her. Now with the whole family against Nick, he has more to come when Chuck almosts destroys their house, so Nick fires him. Because Nick fired Chuck, Suzanne, Lindsey, and Kevin move out, to the guest house; in Suzanne's words,  Your the one who's tearing this family apart! After some time to think, Nick decides to fix the house on his own and apologizes to Chuck. So in loyalty Chuck brings his friends back to finish the house, including Lindsey and Kevin. When Suzanne goes into labor and the hospital 30 minutes away, Nick and Lindsey have to deliver the babies. Chuck tries to get there, but his truck breaks down. He power walks down to the house. While she's still in labor, Nick gets a call from Magic. After Suzanne gives birth to twins, the movie fast forwards to six months later in their backyard. There is a major barbecue and Nick presents his new magazine to everyone. As the credits come, there are pictures of blueprints and an animated family representing the Persons family."] ['This is the story of two lifelong friends, Terry ([[David Lawrence  and Dean , who have grown up together: Shotgunning their first beers, forming their first garage band, and growing the great Canadian mullet known as "Hockey Hair". The lives of these Alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian Farrel Mitchner , a young director who decides to take a look at Terry and Dean through a lens, exploring the depths of friendship, the fragility of life, growing up gracefully, and the art and science of drinking beer "like a man". Their lives are complicated by a snubbing by their "party leader" Troy, better known as Tron . When Farrel discovers that Dean is hiding a serious case of testicular cancer, the wheels are set in motion for Dean to seek treatment from Dr. S.C. Lim . With Dean\'s last weekend before surgery approaching, Terry decides to take Dean, Farrel and the film crew camping. Things take an unexpected turn by the third day, and Terry and Dean must cope with further tragedy.Slone, M. & Michael Ladano: Story Synopsis  written by Mark Slone. Story Synopsis  written by Michael A. Ladano'] [' In Gotham City, Batman  and Robin  attempt to stop Mr. Freeze  from stealing a cache of diamonds. The supervillain freezes Robin and flees, warning Batman he has 11 minutes to thaw Robin. They learn that Freeze was scientist Dr. Victor Fries who became dependent on a diamond-powered subzero suit following an accident in a cryogenics lab he was using to find a cure for his wife, Nora , who was suffering from a terminal illness called MacGregor\'s Syndrome. Meanwhile, in South America, botanist Dr. Pamela Isley  is working under Dr. Jason Woodrue , a mad scientist who recently had his funding cut by Wayne Enterprises and is experimenting with the strength serum "Venom". Pamela discovers Dr. Woodrue subjecting a diminutive convict  to the experiment, transforming him into the muscular "Bane" . Dr. Woodrue and Pamela argue over the use of the drug and, when she refuses to join him, Woodrue overturns a shelf of various toxins onto her. She transforms into the seductive Poison Ivy before killing Dr. Woodrue with a kiss from her poisonous lips. She leaves with Bane for Gotham, intending to use the chemicals produced by Wayne Enterprises for her schemes. Back in Gotham, Barbara Wilson , Bruce Wayne\'s butler Alfred Pennyworth\'s  niece, makes a surprise visit and is invited to stay at Wayne Manor until she returns to college. Alfred is revealed to be suffering from MacGregor\'s Syndrome. Poison Ivy interrupts a Wayne Enterprises press conference unveiling a new observatory, to propose a project that would turn Gotham City into a lush rainforest, but Bruce turns down the offer. Later, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests Batman and Robin in attendance. Ivy seduces them as well as several other men with her pheromone powder she blows at victims, until Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event. Freeze is captured by Batman and detained at Arkham Asylum, but flees with the help of Ivy and Bane after dealing the guards who are guarding Freeze. Robin becomes smitten with Ivy and begins to rebel against Batman at Freeze\'s hideout. Ivy imprisons Robin when he does not give in to her charms and subdues Batman when he confronts her. Barbara – now a costumed crime-fighter calling herself Batgirl — arrives and defeats her. Batman, Robin, and Batgirl go after Freeze together. When they arrive at the observatory where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen from Freeze\'s ice ray. Robin and Batgirl confront Bane and defeat him, while Batman and Freeze fight, with Batman winning. Freeze destroys the observatory with a set of bombs Bane planted, but Batman escapes. Batgirl and Robin unfreeze Gotham by repositioning the observatory\'s satellites, which use their mirrors to reflect sunlight, in order to thaw Gotham from outer space. Batman shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl, in which she brags about killing Nora. Batman tells Freeze that his wife is not dead; she was restored and moved to Arkham, where he could complete his research. Batman asks Victor for the cure he created for the first stage of MacGregor\'s Syndrome for Alfred; the ex-scientist atones for his misdeeds by giving him the medicine he had developed. Ivy is detained at Arkham with a vengeful Freeze as her cellmate. Alfred is eventually healed, and everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at the mansion.'] ['Two prisoners in the American South, African-American Noah Cullen  and the white John "Joker" Jackson , escape from a chain gang. Despite their mutual loathing, they are forced to cooperate, as they are chained together. Gradually, they begin to respect and like each other. Cullen and Joker flee through difficult terrain and weather, with a brief stop at a village where they attempt to break into a general store, in hopes of obtaining food and tools to break the chain that holds them together. Instead, however, they are captured by the townspeople, who form a lynch mob; they are saved only by the interference of "Big" Sam , a man who is appalled by his neighbors\' bloodthirst. Sam persuades the townspeople to lock the convicts up and turn them in in the morning, but that night, he secretly releases them, after revealing to them that he is also a former chain-gang prisoner. Finally, they run into a young boy named Billy. They make him take them to his home and his mother , whose husband has abandoned his family. The escapees are finally able to break their chains. When they spend the night there, the lonely woman is attracted to Joker and wants to run off with him. She advises Cullen to go through the swamp to reach the railroad tracks, while she and Joker drive off in her car. The men agree to split up. However, after Cullen leaves, the woman reveals that she had lied - she sent Cullen into the dangerous swamp to die to eliminate any chance he would be captured and perhaps reveal where Joker had gone. Furious, Joker runs after his friend; as he leaves, Billy shoots him. Wounded, Joker catches up to Cullen and warns him about the swamp. As the posse led by humane Sheriff Max Muller  gets close, the escapees can hear the dogs hot on their trail. But they also hear a train whistle and run towards the sound. Cullen hops the train and tries to lift Joker on as well, but is unable to drag him aboard. Both men tumble to the ground. Too exhausted to run anymore, they realize all they can do is wait for their pursuers. The sheriff finds Cullen singing defiantly and Joker nearly passed out in his arms.'] ['Lyle  and Chuck  are inept songwriters who dream of becoming a popular singing duo like Simon and Garfunkel. Their songs, with titles like "That a Lawnmower Can Do All That" and "The Echo Song," are performed badly and poorly-received. Their agent, Marty , books them as lounge singers in a hotel in Morocco to entertain troops stationed there. They unwittingly become involved in a plot to overthrow the Emir of the fictional neighboring country of Ishtar. A mysterious woman named Shirra  has a map she needs to get to the leftist guerrillas opposing the government of Ishtar. A CIA agent  gets involved when Shirra contacts Lyle and Chuck. He attempts to prevent the overthrow.'] ['Cousins Bo , Luke , and Daisy Duke  run a moonshine business for their Uncle Jesse  in the fictional Hazzard County, Georgia in modern day. The cousins\' primary mode of transportation is an orange 1969 Dodge Charger that the boys affectionately refer to as \'The General Lee\'. Along the way, the family is tormented by corrupt Hazzard County Commissioner Jefferson Davis Hogg, widely known as "Boss Hogg" , and his willing but dimwitted henchman, Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane . After Rosco has the General Lee wrecked during Bo\'s attempt at winning his fifth consecutive local road rally, Billy Prickett , a famous stock-car driver, enters Hazzard to participate in the rally. Meanwhile, Rosco plants a fake moonshine still  in Uncle Jesse\'s barn and seizes the Duke property in the interest of eminent domain for Boss Hogg, forcing the family to temporarily reside with neighbor and Uncle Jesse\'s love-interest, Pauline . Pauline informs the Dukes that Rosco seized another farm on charges so Bo and Luke investigate a local construction site and find geologic core samples with the help of bait-shop owner Sheev ([[Kevin Heffernan . Meanwhile, Coltrane makes arrangements to seize the General Lee as "evidence" from the local auto body shop run by the Dukes\' friend Cooter , who instead turns the car into a hot-rod and applies a new paint job and horn, in return for finally getting payment for all the work he has done  for the boys in the past.  After retrieving the General Lee before Rosco can, the Dukes go to Atlanta to visit a local university geology lab, meeting up with Katie-Lynn Johnson , a Hazzard county girl and the Dukes\' love interest, and her Australian roommate Annette . At the lab, they discover Boss Hogg\'s intentions of turning the county into a strip coalmine. They are later arrested after running from campus police. Back in Hazzard, Daisy learns, with the help of Sheriff Deputy Enos Strate , that Billy Prickett has been hired by Boss Hogg to participate in the Rally as a ringer. Boss Hogg then heads to Atlanta where he informs the Duke boys, in lock-up, that they are too late to stop him and reveals that the vote on Hogg\'s proposition is at the same time as the rally, explaining Billy Prickett\'s involvement. During a transfer from detainment, Daisy helps the boys escape and they speed home to try to inform the townsfolk. Upon returning home, the Dukes discover that Rosco has taken Uncle Jesse and Pauline hostage, an obvious trap for the boys, and that Billy is in on the scheme because he\'s ashamed of the town\'s low status. The two race to the farmhouse to cause a distraction while Daisy and Cooter rescue Jesse and Pauline. Meanwhile, the college girls head to the rally with Sheev to inform the townsfolk about the vote on the strip-mining ordinance. Because of Sheev\'s armadillo hat and lack of pants, no one listens, so Bo leaves for the rally while Luke and Jesse team up to foil the police who are chasing Bo, interfering with the race. Upon crossing the finish line first, before Billy, the two continue racing back and forth all the way into town, leading the townsfolk to the courthouse just in time to vote against Boss Hogg\'s proposed ordinance. At the courthouse, Daisy takes advantage of the governor of Georgia\'s presence and TV cameras to convince him into pardoning the boys, so Uncle Jesse takes the opportunity to knock out Boss Hogg and gets a pardon for assaulting a county commissioner at the same time. The film ends with a cook-out at the Dukes\' house where Pauline convinces Uncle Jesse, who could not be found because he was "using the meat smoker," to get up and play the television series\' main theme. Bo and Luke are romantically involved with the girls in the General Lee when they are caught by Luke\'s other love-interest Laurie Pullman  from the intro of the film, who proceeds to chase them with a shotgun as they drive away.'] ['Leone "Léon" Montana  is a hitman  living a solitary life in New York City\'s Little Italy. His work comes from a mafioso named Tony , who operates from the "Supreme Macaroni Company" restaurant. Léon spends his idle time engaging in calisthenics, nurturing a houseplant that early on he describes as his "best friend",<ref name9806E6DD1031F93BA25752C1A962958260 He May Be a Killer, But He\'s Such a Sweetie], a November 1994 review of the film from The New York Times and  watching old Gene Kelly musicals. One day, Léon sees Mathilda Lando , a twelve-year-old girl who is smoking a cigarette and sporting a black eye. Mathilda lives with her dysfunctional family in an apartment down the hall. Her abusive father and self-absorbed stepmother have not noticed that Mathilda stopped attending class at her school for troubled girls. Mathilda\'s father  attracts the ire of corrupt DEA agents, who have been paying him to stash cocaine in his apartment. After they discover some of the drugs missing, DEA&nbsp;agents storm the building, led by sharply dressed drug addict Norman Stansfield . During the raid, Stansfield quickly becomes unhinged and murders Mathilda\'s entire family one by one, except for Mathilda, who was missing only because she was out shopping. Mathilda returns from her shopping trip as the group clean up the carnage, and realizes what happened just in time to continue down the hall, where a reluctant Léon gives her shelter. Mathilda quickly discovers that Léon is a "cleaner", or hit man. She begs him to take care of her and to teach her his skills as a cleaner. She wants to avenge the murder of her four-year-old brother, telling Léon that he was the only one of her family she loved. Léon shows her how to use guns, including a scoped rifle. In return, she runs his errands, cleans his apartment, and teaches him how to read. Several times Mathilda tells Léon "I love you", but he offers no response. Then one day after Mathilda has learned how to shoot, she fills a bag with guns from Léon\'s collection and sets out to kill Stansfield. She bluffs her way into the DEA office by posing as a delivery girl, only to be ambushed by Stansfield in a bathroom. Mathilda learns from Stansfield and one of his men that Léon has killed one of the corrupt DEA agents in Chinatown that morning. Léon, after discovering her plan in a note left for him, rescues Mathilda, shooting two more of Stansfield\'s men in the process. Stansfield, now enraged that Léon has killed more of his men, goes to find Tony, then beats him to find out where Léon is. When Mathilda returns home from grocery shopping, an NYPD ESU team sent by Stansfield takes her hostage and attempts to infiltrate Léon\'s apartment. Léon ambushes the ESU team and grabs Mathilda. Back in his apartment, Léon creates a quick escape for Mathilda by smashing a hole in an air shaft. He reassures her and tells her that he loves her and that she has given him "a taste for life", moments before the police come for him. In the chaos that follows, Léon sneaks out of the apartment building disguised as a wounded ESU officer. He goes unnoticed save for Stansfield, who recognizes him and follows him downstairs, sneaks up behind him, and shoots him in the back. As Léon falls, he places an object in Stansfield\'s hands that he says is "from Mathilda", and dies. Opening his hands to see the object, Stansfield discovers that it is the pin from a grenade. He then opens Léon\'s vest to find a cluster of active grenades, which detonate moments later, the huge explosion killing him instantly. Mathilda heads to Tony\'s place as Léon had instructed her before he died. Tony refuses to give her the money he had saved for Léon, offering her instead to give her money when she needs it—the same con he plied on Léon. Tony tells her school should be her priority for now. Mathilda asks Tony to give her a job, insisting that she can "clean" like Léon. Tony sternly says he "ain\'t got no work for a 12-year-old kid!" With nowhere else to go, Mathilda returns to a private school from her past. She recounts her story to the headmistress, who readmits her. Mathilda then walks into a field near the school with Léon\'s houseplant in hand. She digs a hole and plants it, as she had told Léon he should, to give it roots.'] ['The film is about Les Anderson , a 16-year-old who is trying to get his driver\'s license. He has a crush on one of the more popular and attractive girls in school, Mercedes Lane . After failing his driver\'s exam, Les takes the road test , following a computer surge that he inadvertently caused. The Department of Motor Vehicles had originally let him pass the exam  because his twin sister had scored so highly; they decided that twins could not be too different. But when his test scores are finally retrieved, his new license is torn up and he is officially failed. Les lies to his parents and friends, convincing them that he has passed the test. Unfortunately, his parents find out the truth and as a result, Les is grounded. That night, having already made plans to use his new license, he sneaks out of the house with his grandfather\'s prized 1972 Cadillac for a night on the town with Mercedes. After showing him how the city looks from far away on a hill, she tells him that her father used to bring her there. While Mercedes is getting drunk, she and Les cause minor damage to the hood of the car by dancing on it. Mercedes then passes out. Les panics and goes to his friend Dean\'s house, where Dean  fixes the dents in the car\'s hood. Dean persuades Les to go out for a joyride, along with their friend Charles, who are both still unaware that Les does not have a license. The three, along with a blacked out Mercedes , end up getting into all kinds of trouble and hilarity ensues as they cause more damage to the Cadillac. Of course, the next day, Les does get in trouble with his father after coming back home  with a Cadillac that is damaged beyond minor repair. Then his mother, late in the night, wakes up her husband and shouts that she is in labor. Luckily, Les is able to drive his father, little brother Rudy and his mom to the hospital – in reverse, because the Cadillac is so badly damaged it can no longer be put into drive. After they get there and Les\' mother is taken into the hospital, a crane fails and a falling girder crushes the Cadillac, much to the shock of Les and his father. Later, thankfully, Les\' grandfather laughs it off when he jokingly reveals that he had written off Les\' father\'s BMW. Les\' father tells Les that the BMW is all his now, and, laughing, tells him to take good care of it. However, Les has changed his mind about getting a BMW, saying he does not need it anymore. Mercedes soon pulls up in a Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet, while Les says "I already have a Mercedes" and then runs over and hops into it. Les then drives off with Mercedes, and the credits roll.'] ['In 1947, banker Andy Dufresne  is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, based on circumstantial evidence, and is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary. Andy quickly befriends contraband smuggler Ellis "Red" Redding , an inmate serving a life sentence. Red procures a rock hammer for Andy, allowing him to create small stone chess pieces. Red later gets him a large poster of Rita Hayworth, followed in later years by images of Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch. Andy works in the prison laundry, but is regularly assaulted by the "bull queer" gang "the Sisters" and their leader Bogs . In 1949, Andy overhears the brutal chief guard Byron Hadley  complaining about taxes on a forthcoming inheritance, and informs him about a financial loophole. After another vicious assault by the Sisters nearly kills Andy, Bogs is beaten and crippled by Hadley. Bogs is sent to another prison and Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton  meets with Andy and reassigns him to the prison library, to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen ; a pretext for Andy to manage financial duties for the prison. His advice and expertise are soon sought by other guards at Shawshank and from nearby prisons. Andy begins writing weekly letters to the state government for funds to improve the decrepit library. In 1954, Brooks is freed on parole, but unable to adjust to the outside world after 50 years in prison, he hangs himself. Andy receives a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro. He plays an excerpt over the public address system, resulting in him receiving solitary confinement. After his release, Andy explains that he holds onto hope as something that the prison cannot take from him, but Red dismisses the idea. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving kickbacks. He has Andy launder the money using the alias "Randall Stephens". In 1965, Tommy Williams  is incarcerated for robbery. He joins Andy and Red\'s circle of friends, and Andy helps him to pass his General Educational Development examinations. In 1966, after hearing the details of Andy\'s case, Tommy reveals that an inmate at another prison claimed responsibility for an identical murder, suggesting Andy\'s innocence. Andy approaches Norton with this information, but the warden refuses to listen. Norton places Andy in solitary confinement and has Tommy murdered by Hadley under the guise of an escape attempt. Andy refuses to continue with the scam, but Norton threatens to destroy the library and take away his protection and preferential treatment. After Andy is released from solitary he tells Red of his dream of living in Zihuatanejo, a Mexican Pacific coastal town. While Red shrugs it off as unrealistic, Andy instructs him, should he ever be freed, to visit a specific hayfield near Buxton to retrieve a package. The next day at roll call, Andy\'s cell is empty. Enraged, Norton throws one of Andy\'s rocks at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the wall. The rock tears through the poster, revealing a tunnel that Andy had dug with his rock hammer over the previous two decades. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and the prison\'s sewage pipe with Norton\'s ledger, containing details of the money laundering. While guards search for him the following morning, Andy, posing as Randall Stephens, visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money. Finally, he sends the ledger and evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. The police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, but Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest. After serving 40 years Red receives parole. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter, asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas to cross the border to Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo, he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.'] ["Three lifelong friends work the bars in 1980's Atlantic City performing the songs of the 60's girl groups."] ['Undercover cop Muscles  enlists his childhood friends, the "Five Lucky Stars", to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group. A corrupt Hong Kong cop  flees to Tokyo to join his fellow mobsters, whose headquarters are secretly built under an amusement park. Two loyal cops, Ricky  and Muscle , travel there to apprehend him and uncover the mobsters’ lair, but Ricky is kidnapped in a fight. Muscle goes into hiding and calls his supervisor to send help; since the mobsters already have information on the officers of the Hong Kong Royal Police Force, Muscle asks to send his orphanage friends, nicknamed the Five Lucky Stars, over. The supervisor agrees and collects the five friends, who are all either petty criminals or low-wage workers. They refuse to aid the police, but the supervisor cunningly sets up a false story in the media that accuses the five of robbing a bank of millions of dollars, blackmailing them into helping. They ultimately agree when the supervisor teams them up with a rookie policewoman, Swordflower, who becomes an object of lustful target to the five. They travel to Tokyo and that night, Kidstuff , who is the Stars\' most rational and talented member, and Swordflower go to Muscle’s apartment. After defeating some thugs, Muscle reunites with Kidstuff. The operation is to send phony money to the mobsters to allow the five to enter their lair, and that way they can get closer to freeing Ricky and apprehending the criminals. After a prolonged battle at the bowels of the amusement park, the criminals lose and the Lucky Stars receive a place to live back at Hong Kong as their reward.'] [" Two years after their escapade in Las Vegas, Stu Price, Phil Wenneck, Alan Garner and Doug Billings travel to Thailand to celebrate Stu's impending wedding to Lauren. Much to Alan's dismay, they are joined by Lauren's younger brother, Teddy. During Lauren's father's toast, he shows his disapproval of Stu by comparing him to congee. At the end of the night, Stu hesitantly joins Phil, Doug, Alan and Teddy for a beer. Sitting at a campfire and roasting marshmallows, the group toast to Stu and Lauren's future happiness. The following morning, Phil, Stu and Alan, along with flamboyant gangster Leslie Chow - whom Alan befriended after Las Vegas - and a chain-smoking capuchin monkey, awaken in a dirty hotel room in Bangkok. Stu has a face tattoo , and Alan's head is completely shaved. However, they cannot find Teddy, only discovering his severed finger. Chow begins recalling the events of the prior night, but he seemingly dies after snorting a line of cocaine. Panicked, the trio dispose of Chow's body in an ice box. Through a tip from Doug who is still at the resort, they go to a prison to pick up Teddy but are given a wheelchair-bound elderly Buddhist monk, who knows more about what happened, but does not reveal anything: he has taken a vow of silence, and rejects also an alternative such as writing something down. After finding a business card, they travel to a neighborhood smouldering in ruins. They enter a nearby tattoo parlor where Stu got his tattoo, and they learn that they had started a fight that escalated into a riot. The trio then return the monk to his Buddhist temple, where they are encouraged by the head monk to meditate. Alan is able to recall that they had been at a strip club. There, they learn that Stu had engaged in sex with a kathoey prostitute. Upon exiting, the trio is attacked by two Russian mobsters from whom they had stolen the monkey, and Phil is shot in the arm. After Phil is treated at a clinic, Alan confesses that he had drugged some of the marshmallows from the previous night with muscle relaxants and ADHD medication in order to sedate Teddy but accidentally mixed up the bags. After noticing an address and time point for a meeting written on Alan's stomach, the trio meet up with another gangster, Kingsley, who demands Chow's bank account code and password by the next morning in exchange for Teddy. They return to the hotel to try to find Chow's password, only to discover that he is still alive. They steal the monkey  back from the Russian mobsters through a violent car chase, during which the monkey is shot and injured. After taking the code and leaving the monkey at a veterinary clinic, the group complete the deal with Kingsley. Suddenly, Interpol agents appear and arrest Chow. Kingsley turns out to be an undercover agent, who tells the trio that the police had used the information that Teddy had disappeared to arrest Chow and Kingsley actually does not know where Teddy is. Desperate and out of clues, Phil once again calls Doug's wife Tracy. Stu then has an epiphany and the trio rushes back to the hotel and find Teddy in the elevator unharmed . Teddy had woken up in the middle of the night to get more ice for his severed finger  but became trapped after the power went out. The four use Chow's speedboat, the keys for which were in Teddy's pocket, to travel back to the wedding reception. Arriving on land just as Lauren's father is about to cancel the wedding, Stu makes a defiant speech where he rejects being boring and instead states that he is in fact quite wild. Impressed, Lauren's father gives the couple his blessing. After the wedding continues on, Alan presents Stu with a special gift at the post-reception dance: a musical guest performance by Mike Tyson. Teddy later discovers that he had taken many pictures during the night on his cell phone. The group, along with Tyson, agree to look at the pictures together once before erasing the evidence of their exploits once again."] ['The film is a three-act story about self-identified "hipster" Willie , who lives in New York City, and his interactions with the two other main characters, Eva  and Eddie . In the first act, Willie\'s cousin Eva comes from Hungary to stay with him for ten days because Aunt Lotte, whom she will be staying with, will be in the hospital. Willie at first makes it clear that he does not want her there. He even orders Eva to speak English for the ten day period, not Hungarian. However, Willie soon begins to enjoy her company. This becomes especially true when Eva steals food items from a grocery store and gets a TV dinner for Willie, "You\'re alright." He ends up buying her a dress, which she later discards. After ten days, Eva leaves, and Willie is clearly upset to see her go. Eddie, who had met Eva previously, sees her right before she goes. The second act starts a year later and opens with a long take showing Willie and Eddie winning a large amount of money by cheating at a game of poker. Willie decides, because of all the money they now have, to leave the city. They decide to go to Cleveland to see Eva. However, when they get there they are just as bored as they were in New York. For example, they end up tagging along with Eva and a friend, Billy, to the movies. They eventually decide to go back to New York. The final act begins with Willie and Eddie, on their way back to New York, deciding to go to Florida. They turn around and "rescue" Eva. The three of them get to Florida and get a room at a hotel. They end up losing all of their money on dog races. At this point, they decide to go back and bet on horse races. Willie refuses to let Eva come along, so she goes out on the beach for a walk. She ends up being mistaken by a drug dealer, and is given a large sum of money. She goes back to the hotel, leaves some of the money for Willie and Eddie, and writes them a note explaining that she is going to the airport, and then goes there. When she arrives, she discovers that the only flight to Europe left that day is to Budapest, which is where she originally came from. She decides to wait until the following day, and goes back to the hotel. Willie and Eddie end up winning all of their money back at the horse races. But when they get back, Eva is gone, and Willie reads her note and they go to the airport to stop her from leaving. When they get there, Willie conceives a plan: buy a ticket, get on the plane, find Eva and convince her to stay in the states. What Willie didn\'t know was that at the time Eva made her decision about flying back to Budapest, there was only one free seat left on the plane. The second to last shot shows Eddie outside watching the plane leave, and he realizes what has happened. The final shot shows Eva back at the hotel, returning to an empty room.'] ["Country singer James Lee Springer  has just become an overnight sensation—after 20 years of trying to make it by playing every honky-tonk west  of the Big Muddy. But after so many years of waiting and hoping, the only question is whether it's all worth it.http://www.netflix.com/Movie/American-Reel/60032433"] ['Three unique women embark on a cross-country road trip: Jane , a lesbian lounge singer in search of a new life after breaking up with her girlfriend and getting fired; Holly , a pregnant girl who just wants to escape her brutal boyfriend; and Robin , an uptight real estate agent who has her own secrets . Robin puts an ad in the newspaper that she is looking for a traveling companion to accompany her on a cross country trip to California. Jane answers the ad and agrees to join Robin after her car gets towed during their meeting. Jane and Robin leave New York and travel through Pittsburgh to take Jane\'s friend Holly to lunch. They stumble across a knock out-fight between Holly and her abusive boyfriend, Nick, over some missing drugs. They leave him there bound to a chair with tape after Holly hits him in the head with a bat to stop him from attacking Jane. Unbeknownst to the women, without medical attention, the blow Nick received to his head turns out to be fatal, as he stumbles across the floor and dies. The three unlikely travelers then form a special friendship on their journey which sees them through ultimately tragic times. After discovering that Holly accidentally killed Nick and that she is pregnant, the three women decide to continue across country and end up in Tucson, Arizona when Robin has to be hospitalized. They decide to stay in Tucson, hoping to start a new life. However, Jane has a secret crush on Robin, Holly falls in love with and eventually confesses to a local police officer named Abe Lincoln , and Robin finds the courage to face her impending death. Shortly after Jane and Robin have a falling out over Jane telling a guy  who was interested in Robin that she has HIV, Holly is arrested by Abe. She is taken back to Pittsburgh to face the consequences of her actions. The return to Pittsburgh involves Robin and Jane making peace with each other on the courthouse\'s "Bridge of Sighs" while the Pittsburgh Police process Holly. A few months pass, in Tucson, Holly is free and with Abe and her daughter, which is celebration to all family and friends. Robin is now farther along with AIDS and is not expected to live much longer. The party asks Robin to sing the Roy Orbison song "You Got It" as she performed that song in a Star Search contest, though weak, she manages to sing with Jane backing her singing. In the final scene, Robin has died from AIDS as her wheelchair is now empty, Holly and Abe plan to stay in Arizona and become a family, while Jane hits the road to finally seek a life of her own.'] ['A young Texan named Joe Buck  works as a dishwasher in a diner. As the film opens, Joe dresses himself like a rodeo cowboy, packs a suitcase, and quits his job. He heads to New York City in the hope of leading the life of a hustler. Joe\'s naïveté becomes evident as quickly as his cash disappears upon his arrival in New York. He is unsuccessful in his attempts to be hired by wealthy women. When finally successful in bedding a well-to-do middle-aged New Yorker , Joe\'s attempt to collect money results in the woman breaking down in tears and Joe giving her $20 instead. Joe then meets the crippled Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo , a third-rate con man who easily tricks Joe out of $20 by offering to introduce him to a well-known pimp, who instead turns out to be a Bible thumper . Joe flees the scene in pursuit of Rizzo, who has fled the area. Joe then spends his days wandering the city and relaxing in his hotel room. Once broke, he is locked out of his hotel room for failure to pay the bill. He finally attempts to make money by agreeing to receive oral sex from a young man  in a movie theater, but this plan goes awry when the teen admits to having no money. An angry Joe threatens the teen and thinks about taking the guy\'s watch but then decides against this. The next day, Joe spots an unsuspecting Rizzo at a lunch counter. He angrily shakes down Rizzo for every penny he has — 64 cents — but Rizzo surprisingly offers to help Joe by sharing his place, an apartment in a condemned building. Joe reluctantly accepts and they begin a "business relationship," helping each other pickpocket, steal and further attempt to get Joe hired as a gigolo. They are both completely alone without each other, and a genuine bond develops between the two men. Rizzo had a cough when the two met in the summer and, as the story progresses into winter, his health steadily worsens. The events of Joe\'s early life are told through fast-cutting flashbacks interspersed throughout the film. He had been to church and baptized as a boy but has only frightening memories of the experience. The two people Joe loved were his grandmother Sally Buck ([[Ruth White , and his onetime girlfriend, Crazy Annie . His grandmother raised Joe after his mother abandoned him but often left him alone to go off with boyfriends; one of them, a wrangler named Woodsy Niles , was Joe\'s only father figure. Annie had been a promiscuous girl who changed her ways after meeting Joe, but this did not sit well with the men of their hometown: the two were caught and raped by a gang of males. Annie was later sent to a mental institution and Joe joined the army. Sally Buck died while Joe was away serving in the Army, and Annie remains a constant presence in Joe\'s mind. Rizzo\'s backstory comes mostly through the things he tells Joe. His father was an illiterate Italian immigrant shoe shiner who worked deep in a subway station, developed a bad back, and "coughed his lungs out from breathin\' in that wax all day!" Rizzo learned shining from his father but refuses to follow  in the old man\'s footsteps. He dreams of moving one day to Miami. At one point, an odd-looking couple approach Joe and Ratso in a diner and hand Joe a flyer inviting him to a party. They enter a Warhol-esque party scene (with Warhol superstars Viva, [[Ultra Violet . The naive Joe smokes a marijuana cigarette thinking it\'s a regular cigarette, and after taking a pill offered to him, begins to hallucinate. He leaves the party with a socialite , who agrees to pay him $20 for spending the night with her. Rizzo falls down a flight of stairs as they are leaving; he insists he is fine. Joe and the socialite attempt to have sex but he suffers from temporary impotence. They play a game of scribbage together in which Joe shows his limited academic prowess. She teasingly suggests that Joe may be gay, and that does the trick. He is suddenly able to perform, and the two have lively, aggressive sex. In the morning, the socialite sets up a friend of hers to be Joe\'s next customer, and it appears his career is on its way. When Joe returns home later, Rizzo is in bed, sweating and feverish. He admits to Joe that he is unable to walk. Joe wants to find a doctor, but Rizzo adamantly refuses, and begs Joe to put him on a bus to Florida. A frightened Joe is determined to take care of his friend and leaves the apartment to find money. He picks up an older male customer , but the man tries to send him away at the last minute out of guilt. Joe\'s desperation boils over when the man gives him a religious medallion instead of cash. He beats up and robs the man, stuffing the phone receiver into the man\'s mouth when Joe thinks the man is calling the hotel front desk for help. With the money, Joe buys two bus tickets to Florida. During the long journey, Rizzo\'s frail physical condition deteriorates further. At a rest stop, Joe touchingly buys bright new clothing for Rizzo and himself. He throws away his cowboy outfit and admits, "I ain\'t no kinda hustler." As they reach Florida and near Miami, Joe talks about getting a regular job, only to realize that Rizzo has died in the seat beside him. After Joe informs the bus driver, the driver tells him that there is nothing else to do but continue on to Miami. The film ends with Joe seated with his arm around his dead friend.'] ['In South Central Los Angeles, California, Craig Jones ([[Ice Cube  awakens on Friday morning unemployed. Although claiming innocence, the day before he was fired from his UPS job while attempting to collect his wages, as he was allegedly caught on camera stealing boxes. Meanwhile he must put up with his father, Willie Jones, who says Craig must either find a job or risk being thrown out of the house if he can\'t cover his end of the rent. Adding to his woes, Craig has been eyeing pretty neighbor Debbie, but his insanely jealous  girlfriend Joi is proving to be a formidable obstacle. Throughout the day, friends and local neighborhood characters pass through, such as the harmless but always-scheming crackhead/petty thief Ezail; the unkempt, perpetual crackhead/moocher Felisha, who is also Debbie\'s sister; lascivious Pastor Clever, who has a brief fling with sultry parishioner Mrs. Parker before being unexpectedly interrupted by her infuriated, diminutive dwarf husband; package delivery driver Red, whose stolen bicycle and chain necklace, and black eye are courtesy of the hulking neighborhood bully Deebo; and China, friend of Craig\'s sister Dana. The film\'s subplot focuses on Smokey, who has been smoking a brokered consignment of "indo", which he was supposed to be selling for drug dealer Big Worm. In an attempt to explain his obvious lack of revenue, Smokey inadvertently incriminates Craig, subjecting both to Big Worm\'s wrath. Big Worm has had enough of Smokey "playing with his emotions" and warns him to collect the $200 dollars worth of drugs no later than 10:00 that evening, or he and Craig will be killed. Smokey is able to recover some of the money by selling pot to Hector, whom he hates for making him the brunt of prank involving smoking a joint laced with angel dust that left Smokey running down the street at night in his underwear while in a drug-induced frenzy. Unfortunately further attempts to borrow money from Joi, Debbie  and Craig\'s sister, Dana, prove unsuccessful. Willie eventually learns of Craig\'s plight, as well as the fact that Craig is carrying a gun around for protection, and furiously scolds him for keeping bad company and allowing himself to be corrupted by street life. Later on, the two plan how they are going to get Big Worm\'s money. By then, Rita, a girl Debbie had hooked Smokey up with earlier on the phone, arrives. Smokey approaches her car with confidence until he finds out that she lied about her image: instead of resembling Janet Jackson , she is obese and practically bald . Smokey heads to Debbie\'s house to complain about the date and notices Red\'s bike, which has been stolen by Deebo, on the lawn. He sneaks into a bedroom and finds Deebo asleep with Felisha beside him. He tries to steal the rest of the money that he and Deebo lifted from robbing Craig\'s neighbor Stanley earlier, but quickly leaves without the money as Deebo wakes up due to Ezail making noise as he tried to sneak inside the bedroom. Smokey goes back to Craig\'s house to tell him about the available money. Craig agrees to return to Debbie and Felisha\'s house to steal it from Deebo, but before they could leave Craig\'s house, they see Deebo riding by on Red\'s bike. Looking down the block, the two notice a black car driving slowly and they hide behind a tree, suspecting a possible drive-by shooting will occur. They settle back into Craig\'s room for about an hour, trying to get in touch with Big Worm. They decide to go back outside to prove they are not scared. Once outside, they notice a black van parked outside in the middle of the street with the headlights off. The two flee as the men in the van start shooting at them with submachine guns, ultimately landing in the back of a pick up truck where they remain safe. Everyone in the neighborhood emerges from their homes upon hearing the gunshots. Debbie confronts Deebo for physically assaulting Felisha. Deebo tells her that Felisha was trying to steal money from his pants, falsely accusing her for Smokey\'s earlier attempted theft, and warns her to go home. She continues to lambaste Deebo until he slaps her in the face. At this moment, Craig and Smokey arrive on the scene and Craig immediately steps in to defend Debbie. He stands up to Deebo and threatens him with the gun that he acquired earlier. but is ultimately convinced by Willie to hand the gun over to him. Craig and Deebo then engage in a bare-knuckle brawl. After a brutal fight, Craig emerges as the victor. Debbie tends to Craig, while Smokey steals the money he was after from the unconscious Deebo, Red retrieves his chain and bicycle , and Ezail steals Deebo\'s shoes. In the end, Craig has seemingly overcome all of the day\'s tribulations, save for finding employment. He and Debbie seem to hook up in the end, leading Craig to break up with Joi over the phone. Later, Smokey has a talk with Big Worm over the phone stating how he did not appreciate the sending of his crew to shoot at him and Craig. Big Worm explains that he has had to warn Smokey too many times about his money and that it was all about the principle of handling business. Smokey says he has the $200 that he owes to Big Worm and that Big Worm should deal weed himself next time, as he is going to rehab. After hanging up, Smokey looks up, lights up a joint and ends the film by shouting at the audience, "I was just bullshittin\'! And you know this, man!"'] ["{{plot}} After a marine fish and game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in the Black Lake, Aroostook County, Maine, Sheriff Hank Keough , Fish and Game officer Jack Wells , American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott , and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr  set out to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of both a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, during an argument between parties, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank then visit Delores Bickerman , one of few people living on the lake. After finding a man's severed head, they witness her feeding the crocodile with a blindfolded cow. Delores reveals to have been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for originally lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile turns up and lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake but makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it, but the gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine until they can figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road."] ['Roland  is getting married  and Slim , who scoffs at the idea of marriage, but is furious at Roland for disappearing. The story reminisces back to Mike\'s (portrayed as a youth by [[Sean Nelson  first encounters with Roland  and Slim , his first real crush on a girl named Alicia , and the three young men\'s misadventures as teenagers. Shy and awkward, Mike sticks out like a sore thumb on his first day, but is quickly befriended by Slim and Roland. On a dare from Slim and Roland, Mike runs and grabs Alicia\'s butt, leading to a big fight with her big brother Stacey , a violent gang member. While he is thoroughly beat down, Mike earns Stacey\'s private respect for fighting back like a man. Meanwhile in present day, Mike and Slim go find Roland for his wedding, when they get a call from Tanya  saying that she has him with her and that he is very drunk. They get to her house to pick him up to take him back to the wedding to marry his bride Lisa  because they only have two hours before the ceremony begins. Back to their old school times, they go to their first dance of the year, go to a store that gets held up by Stacey, who recognizes the boys and offers them a ride to the dance. The boys almost get arrested by two cops due to Stacey\'s broken taillight. Mike\'s quick thinking prevents one of the cops from finding Stacey\'s gun and they are let go. Impressed, Stacey begins a new friendship with Mike by apologizing for their prior run in but explained that he was protecting his sister, and, seeing how much Mike likes her, gives him advice on how to win her heart. When they get back to the dance it is almost over and Mike gets to dance with Alicia and at the end of the dance he gets her number. In the present day while reminiscing Roland gets sick, throws up all over Slim and Mike and now they only have an hour left before the wedding and they have to get cleaned up, then they take their clothes to the cleaners. Mike returning back to their memories, they were now juniors in high school, thinking about sex, ways to get it and making a lot of bets. Mike, now hiding his still present shyness with a veil of over confidence, reconnects romantically with Alicia. It\'s revealed in the present time that after High School, Alicia and Mike went their separate ways for good. The boys finally make it to the ceremony to have Roland apologize to a furious Lisa for leaving her worried before the wedding ceremony. Before the ceremony begins Mike sees Alicia  his childhood crush, and finally Roland and Lisa get married. Mike tells his last childhood memory, and its when they go to a homecoming dance for their school and that they will be the boys from "The Wood".'] ["Mike , a gay street hustler, is standing alone on a deserted stretch of highway somewhere in Idaho. He starts talking to himself and notices that the road looks “like someone’s face, like a messed-up face.” He experiences a narcoleptic episode and dreams of his mother comforting him as he replays home movies of his childhood in his mind. Later, after being fellated by a client in Seattle, Washington, Mike returns to his favorite spots to pick up potential clients. He is picked up by a wealthy older woman  who takes him to her mansion where he meets two fellow hustlers also hired by the woman. One of them is Scott Favor , Mike’s best friend and the other is Gary . While preparing to have sex with the woman, Mike experiences another narcoleptic fit and awakens the next day with Scott in Portland, Oregon. Mike and Scott are soon reunited with Bob Pigeon , a middle-aged man and mentor to a gang of street kids and hustlers who live in an abandoned apartment building. Scott, the son of the mayor of Portland, admits to Bob in private that when he turns 21, he will inherit his father’s fortune and retire from street hustling. Mike yearns to find his mother, and he and Scott leave Portland for Idaho to visit Mike’s older brother Richard , who lives in a run-down trailer. Along this journey Mike confesses that he is in love with Scott. Richard tries to tell Mike who his real father is, but Mike says that he knows it is Richard. Richard tells Mike that their mother works as a hotel maid; when Mike and Scott visit the hotel, they find she has gone to Italy in search of her own family. Mike and Scott travel to Italy where they find the country farmhouse where Mike’s mother worked, as a maid and as an English tutor. The young woman, Carmella , who lives there tells Mike that his mother returned to the United States months ago. Carmella and Scott fall in love and return to the U.S., leaving Mike to return home on his own, facing heartache over Scott's leaving him. Scott inherits his fortune. Back in Portland, Bob and his gang confront a newly reformed Scott at a fashionable restaurant, but he rejects them. That night Bob has a fatal heart attack. The next day the hustlers hold a rowdy funeral for Bob, while in the same cemetery, a few yards away, Scott attends a solemn funeral for his recently deceased father. Mike is back on a deserted stretch of Idaho highway. He falls into another narcoleptic stupor and two strangers pull up in a truck, steal Mike’s backpack and shoes and drive away. Moments later, an unidentified figure pulls up in a car, picks Mike up, places him in the vehicle and drives off."] ['"Joliet" Jake Blues  is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery. Jake is irritated at being picked up by his brother Elwood  in the Bluesmobile, a battered former Mount Prospect police car, instead of the Cadillac the brothers used to own. The brothers visit their childhood home, a Roman Catholic orphanage, and learn that it is facing imminent closure unless $5,000 in property taxes is collected. The brothers visit an evangelical church service where Jake has an epiphany: they can legitimately raise the funds by re-forming their rhythm and blues band. Elwood runs a red light, and is pulled over by two Illinois State Police troopers who learn of his suspended license. When they attempt to arrest him, he speeds off, escaping through the Dixie Square Mall. As the brothers arrive at the flophouse where Elwood lives, a mystery woman  launches a bazooka attack that leaves them unharmed. The next morning, she detonates a bomb that demolishes the building, which fails to injure the brothers, but saves them from being arrested. Jake and Elwood begin tracking down members of the band. Trombonist Tom "Bones" Malone and the rhythm section, ([[Willie Hall , are playing in a nearly empty Holiday Inn lounge, and are easily persuaded to rejoin. Trumpeter "Mr. Fabulous", now Maître d’ at the fancy Chez Paul restaurant, is harder to sway, but Jake and Elwood convince him by engaging in rude behavior and promising to continue until he agrees. En route to meet saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini and guitarist Matt "Guitar" Murphy, the brothers drive through a rally of "Illinois Nazis", adding another enemy to the brothers\' growing list. Marini and Murphy are at the soul food restaurant on Maxwell Street which Murphy owns with his wife . Against her advice, the two musicians leave and rejoin the band. The reunited group get instruments and equipment from Ray\'s Music Exchange . Jake is unable to book a gig in advance, but the band stumbles into a gig at Bob\'s Country Bunker, a country bar. After a rocky start, the band wins over the bottle-tossing crowd. At the end of the evening, however, not only is their bar tab greater than the pay for the gig, but the brothers infuriate the band that was actually meant to play, the Good Ol\' Boys. The Blues Brothers blackmail their old booking agent  into securing a gig for them&mdash;a performance at the Palace Hotel Ballroom, located 106 miles  north of Chicago. After being driven all over the area promoting the concert, the Bluesmobile runs out of gas, making Jake and Elwood late for the concert. The ballroom is packed, and the concert-goers are joined by the Good Ol\' Boys and scores of police officers. Jake and Elwood sneak into the venue and perform two songs. A record company executive offers them a cash advance on a recording contract, more than enough to pay off the orphanage\'s taxes and Ray\'s IOU, and tells the brothers how to slip out unnoticed. As the brothers escape via a service tunnel, they are confronted by the mystery woman, whereupon it is revealed she is Jake\'s ex-fiancée. She fires an M16 rifle at them, but Jake charms her, allowing the two brothers to escape to the Bluesmobile. They head back to Chicago with dozens of state/local police and the Good Ol\' Boys in pursuit. Jake and Elwood eventually elude them all, leaving piled-up police cars in their wake. After a gravity-defying escape from the Illinois Nazis, Jake and Elwood arrive at the Richard J. Daley Center, where the Bluesmobile literally falls to pieces. They rush inside the adjacent Chicago City Hall building, soon followed by hundreds of police, state troopers, SWAT teams, firefighters, Illinois National Guardsmen, and the Military Police. Finding the office of the Cook County Assessor, the brothers pay the tax bill. Just as their receipt is stamped, they are arrested by a large crowd of armed law officers. Jake, Elwood, and the rest of the band are sent to prison where they play "Jailhouse Rock" for fellow inmates.'] ['Gifted poker player Mike McDermott  loses his entire bankroll in a hand of Texas hold\'em against Teddy "KGB" , a Russian mobster who runs an illegal underground poker room. Shaken, Mike decides to concentrate on law school, while promising his girlfriend and fellow law student Jo  to not play the game anymore. Mentor and fellow rounder Knish  offers him a part-time job driving a delivery truck to make ends meet. Time passes, and Mike is true to his promise. He does not play cards, and focuses on school and work until his childhood friend Lester \'Worm\' Murphy  is released from prison. Worm is also a card player, who owes an outstanding debt accumulated before his incarceration. At Worm\'s influence, Mike is soon rounding again, which interferes with his studies and hurts his relationship with Jo, who eventually leaves him. When Worm is given a five day deadline to pay off his debt, Mike joins him in a furious race to earn the money by playing in several card games in and around New York City. The two come close to making the $15,000 needed, yet end up losing their entire bankroll when they are caught cheating at a poker game, despite Mike\'s insistence on playing the game straight. After this incident, Worm decides to leave the city, and advises Mike to do the same. This is when he reveals to Mike that his debt is due to KGB, the very same Russian mobster who had cleaned Mike out of his $30,000 bankroll months before. Infuriated, Mike cuts ties with Worm once and for all. Mike refuses to flee, and instead, with the help of a loan from his law school professor Petrovsky , sits down to play KGB heads-up in a No-Limit Texas Hold\'em game. In a race against time to pay off Worm\'s debt, Mike gets his shot at redemption as he puts his life on the line against the man who had forced him out of the game. Mike eventually beats KGB in two heated heads-up matches in which he ultimately wins enough to pay off Worm\'s debt, repay his loan to the professor, and regain his original bankroll of about $30,000. The movie ends with Mike officially dropping out of law school, saying goodbye to Jo and going to Las Vegas to play in the World Series of Poker Main Event.'] ['Anthony "Tick" Belrose , using the drag pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his drag act at Lasseter\'s Hotel Casino Resort managed by a female friend named Marion  in Alice Springs, a remote town in central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Basinger , a recently bereaved transsexual woman, and Adam Whitely , a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out in a large tour bus which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" for a four-week run in the Australian Outback town. While on the long journey through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert, they meet a variety of characters, including a group of friendly Australian Aborigines for whom they perform, and the less accepting attitudes of rural Australia in such towns as Coober Pedy, and are subjected to homophobic abuse and even violence, including having their tour bus vandalised with the words "AIDS fuckers go home." When the tour bus breaks down in the middle of the desert, the trio meet Bob ([[Bill Hunter , a middle-aged mechanic from a small outback town who joins them on their journey. Before they arrive at Alice Springs, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are in fact going there as a favour to her. Continuing their journey, Adam is almost mutilated by a homophobic gang before he is saved by Bob and Bernadette. Adam is shaken and Bernadette comforts him, allowing them to reach an understanding. Likewise, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick\'s marriage and resolve their differences. Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam\'s which is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia. Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benjamin , whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality, though he is surprised to discover that Benjamin already knows and is fully supportive of his father\'s sexuality and career. By the time their four-week stint at the resort is over, Tick and Adam head back to Sydney, taking Benjamin back with them so that Tick can get to know his son and Marion can have a long-earned break. However, Bernadette decides to remain at the resort for a while with Bob, who has decided to work at the hotel after the two of them become close.'] ['Ethan Jenkins  is a pastor who enjoys working with his well-to-do congregation. At the request of his father, Ethan takes an assignment at Second Chance Church, where he meets Jake Sanders . Jake is a pastor who lives in a completely different world from that of Ethan, and spends much of his time dealing with poverty, drugs, and crime. The two different lifestyles of these pastors cause an inevitable conflict as these two men try to bridge the divide.'] ['The film opens in the Forbidden City in 1887, where Chon Lin  is drinking tea with her father, the Keeper of the Imperial Seal of China. She tells him her brother, Chon Wang , is doing well as a sheriff in Carson City, Nevada, United States, but her father replies that her brother is dead to him. At that moment, Lord Nelson Rathbone , leads a band of Boxers into the city, who attack the Keeper. Rathbone stabs him and leaves with the seal. As he lies dying, he gives Lin a puzzle box and a letter to Chon Wang. Back in the Wild West, Chon Wang is doing well as sheriff, having captured an impressive array of fugitives. His deputy is relaxing with a book called "Roy O\'Bannon Vs. The Mummy", a highly fictionalized account of the events of the first film that now portrays Wang\'s "Shanghai Kid" as a cowardly sidekick. Wang receives a parcel, which contains the puzzle box and Lin\'s letter, telling him their father is dead and that she has tracked the murderer to London. Chon Wang travels to New York City to find his old partner Roy O\'Bannon , needing his share of the gold left over from the first film to buy his ticket. Roy has left his brief stint in law enforcement, broken off his romance with Falling Leaves, spent most of the gold investing in the Zeppelin, and is now a hotel waiter and part-time gigolo. After they attempt prostitution to pay for a trip to England, the Mayor of New York arrives in search of his daughters, Roy\'s latest clients. Chon Wang fights off a number of New York police officers, and he and Roy ship themselves to London in a crate. On the way, Wang tells Roy about his father, and Roy swears an oath to help reclaim the seal. During a meeting with the British Parliament, Rathbone gives word of trouble going on in China and even presents a gift to the Queen from the Emperor as a Bengal Tiger. The Parliament find this action appalling and insulting. In London, Wang and O\'Bannon have their duster and watch stolen, respectively, by a number of street thugs including a young boy named Charlie . After an extensive battle to reclaim these items, they are arrested by the police. In Scotland Yard, Inspector Artie Doyle  thanks the two for defeating the Fleet Street gang and gives Roy his watch that Charlie had stolen. He tells Wang that Lin is also in Scotland Yard, having attempted to kill Lord Rathbone and been dubbed "Looney Lin". Doyle is a reader of the Roy O\'Bannon novels, and is enthralled to meet the actual Roy O\'Bannon. Roy tries to use this to get Lin released, but it does not work. Meanwhile, Rathbone finds himself not alone in his carriage as Wu Chow  sneaks his way on and the two exchange a quick conversation and Rathbone slips him the dagger that killed the Keeper of the Imperial Seal. Sometime later, Roy and Wang wander through London, seeing Buckingham Palace. They encounter Charlie, who lets them into the empty house of a nobleman. Charlie brings it to their attention that the nobleman has an invitation to a gala at the castle. Roy and Wang don disguises: Roy masquerades as Major General "Sherlock Holmes" , and Wang is the "Maharaja of Nevada". After turning down the offer to try some spotted dick, Wang and Roy follow Lord Rathbone to a private library. Once they enter, they cannot find him; he has slipped through a secret passage, which Wang discovers in a fireplace. As Roy occupies himself with a copy of the Kama Sutra, Wang enters the secret room, which contains treasures from throughout the British Empire. Rathbone\'s guards attack Roy, but he is rescued by Lin, who has escaped from Scotland Yard. The three see Rathbone hand the Imperial Seal to Wu Chow, the illegitimate brother of the Emperor of China. Rathbone sees them and sets fire to the building, but young Charlie shows up and makes off with the Seal, Lin escapes through the roof, and Wang and Roy commandeer Rathbone\'s primitive automobile  for a wild ride, culminating in them crashing into Stonehenge. While unconscious after the car crash, Roy has a sexual fantasy involving Lin and the Kama Sutra, and he decides to start pursuing her, much to Wang\'s dismay. Lin finds them and gives them a ride to Whitechapel, where they stay in a rundown inn. Wang tells Lin about Roy\'s vices and problems, which Roy overhears. Lin does not flinch, but Roy is devastated at the betrayal. Wang however quickly makes it up to him by convincing several female prostitutes to have a sexy pillow fight with Roy. Lin, surprisingly, walks in on the fiasco and is heartbroken at the sight of Roy taking part in all the shenanigans. They all find themselves surrounded by Rathbone and a squad of boxers who apprehend the three. Taken to a covered pier, tied up and left defenseless, Wang and Roy finally encounter Wu Chow, his second-in-command Liu  and his Boxers. Wu Chow ties her up to try to locate the Seal, but they do not know where Charlie has taken it. He tells them the grand scheme: Rathbone would kill the bearer of the Seal and return the item to Wu Chow, who would use the Seal to unite the enemies of China and claim the throne. In return, Wu Chow would use a Gatling gun to dispatch the Royal Family, leaving Rathbone, who is tenth in line to the throne, King. Chon Wang and Roy escape and track down Artie Doyle, who has developed an investigative technique called deductive reasoning, which he uses to find that Charlie has been hiding at Madame Tussauds wax museum. They reclaim the Seal, but it is taken by Boxers, and the three are arrested for trespassing. Charlie  breaks them out, and they go to Queen Victoria\'s Jubilee Ball, where the Royal Family will be. Wang finds Wu Chow and Lin as well on the fireworks barge, kills Liu, unties Lin, and dismantles Wu\'s plan. However, Wu proves himself to be an accomplished martial artist, surpassing Wang in skill, but Lin arrives in time to kill him with a fireworks rocket and save Wang. Artie and Roy, who have found their way into the Houses of Parliament, confront Rathbone and prevent his escape. Before Artie can arrest him, Rathbone shoots him in the shoulder. Roy and Wang pursue Rathbone up into Big Ben, where they engage him in a sword fight. Rathbone pushes Roy out of the glass front of the clock, but Roy catches himself on one of the clock\'s hands. Rathbone nearly defeats Wang, but Wang\'s rage over his dead father and fallen comrade leads him to suicidally grapple with Rathbone, sending both of them flying out the clock face. Luckily, Roy catches Wang, as Rathbone plummets to his death. Roy and Wang decide to jump by gripping hold of a large British Flag drapped over Big Ben and land in the carriage containing Queen Victoria. Roy and Wang are knighted, as is Artie, whose full name is now Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Artie decides to become a writer, his stories revolving around his deductive reasoning technique, and asks Roy if he can use the "Sherlock Holmes" name. Roy and Lin kiss, and Roy proposes that he and Wang go to Hollywood to get in on the ground floor with motion pictures . They roll off in a buggy, with Charlie stowed away. Wang also manages to open the box his father sent him, finding a message inside reminding him of the importance of family.'] ['Surya  is a carefree youth living in Malaysia with his brother Chandramohan  and sister-in-law Devi . Chandramohan and Devi are childless because of a problem with Chandramohan. Surya falls in love with dancer Priya  and manages to steal her heart too. Just when things seem happy, a bombshell is dropped by a Sister Mary who tells Surya that he is the father of a small girl Pooja. Pooja must undergo an operation to save her life but insists on seeing her dad before agreeing to the operation. Surya agrees to pose as her dad and is forced to do so on a more permanent basis even after the operation is done. He is driven out of the house and loses Priya, who agrees to wed an earlier suitor, Shyam.'] ["Set in Kansas City in 1933, a police lieutenant known simply by his last name, Speer, is acquainted with a former cop turned private eye named Mike Murphy. Speer and Murphy served on the force together and were once good friends, but now can't stand each other. On a rainy night, Speer comes into a diner for coffee. Two goons arrive, looking for Murphy. They pounce the minute Murphy arrives, starting a fistfight. Speer, no fan of Murphy's, decides to stay out of the fight until a goon causes him to spill his coffee. Both goons are thrown through the front door. Murphy sarcastically thanks Speer for saving his life. The two rivals have eyes for Murphy's beautiful secretary Addy. She loves both and proves it when, after tenderly kissing Murphy goodbye, goes on a date with Speer. Murphy has a new romantic interest, a rich socialite named Caroline Howley, but finds himself unable to commit himself. Speer and Addy go to a boxing match at which the mob boss Primo Pitt is present. Murphy's partner Dehl Swift is also there, and seems to be in cahoots with Pitt and his gang. Swift is in possession of a briefcase whose contents are the target of Pitt's gang. Swift is confronted by Pitt's thugs at his apartment and is shot to death. A thug opens the briefcase but there's nothing inside. He picks up Swift's body and throws it out the window, where it lands on the roof of Speer's parked car . Murphy vows revenge on Pitt for killing his partner. He asks Speer for assistance and they form a reluctant alliance. One of the witnesses to Swift's murder is nightclub singer Ginny Lee. After watching a movie, Lee is confronted by Pitt's thugs outside the theatre. As she tries to escape, she is hit by a car and seriously injured. Murphy and Speer vow to avenge her as well as Swift. Final showdowns occur in a warehouse, where Speer humorously pulls out a weapon larger than Murphy's, and in a brothel, where Murphy shows up in costume to rescue a kidnapped Caroline. In the end, the men again have become friends, at least until a casual remark leads to them stepping outside and bickering, face to face."] ['Jack Lucas , a cynical, arrogant talk radio host, becomes suicidally despondent after his insensitive on-air comments inadvertently prompt a depressed caller to commit a mass murder at a popular Manhattan bar. Three years later, while heavily intoxicated and depressed, he attempts suicide. Before he can do so, he is mistaken for a homeless person and is attacked and nearly set on fire by thugs. He is rescued by Parry , a deluded homeless man who is on a mission to find the Holy Grail, and tries to convince Jack to help him. Jack is initially reluctant, but comes to feel responsible for Parry when he learns that the man\'s condition is a result of witnessing his wife\'s horrific murder at the hands of Jack\'s psychotic caller. Parry is also continually haunted by a hallucinatory Red Knight, who terrifies him whenever he shows any confidence. Jack learns that Parry had slipped into a catatonic state following his wife\'s death and had remained there for a few years. When he emerged he was obsessed with the legend of the Fisher King, a form of which he recounts to Jack. The Fisher King was charged by God with guarding the Holy Grail, but incurred an incapacitating wound for his sin of pride. A simple-minded Fool asks the King why he suffers, and when the King says he is thirsty, the Fool gives him a cup of water to drink. The king realizes the cup is the Grail and is baffled that the boy found it, as demonstrated in the closing exchange: "I\'ve sent my brightest and bravest men to search for this. How did you find it?" The Fool laughed and said "I don\'t know. I only knew that you were thirsty." Jack seeks to redeem himself by helping Parry find love again. He sets Parry up with Lydia, a shy woman who works as an accountant for a Manhattan publishing house, with whom Parry has been smitten. Jack and his girlfriend, Anne, then join them for a dinner date. Following dinner, Parry declares his love for Lydia but is once again haunted by the Red Knight. Trying to escape his hallucinatory tormentor, he is attacked by the same thugs who had earlier attacked Jack. The beating is not fatal but causes Parry to become catatonic again. Jack infiltrates the Upper East Side castle of a famous architect and retrieves the "Grail," a simple trophy. When he brings it to Parry, the catatonia is broken and Parry regains consciousness. While he and Jack lead the patients of the mental ward in a rousing rendition of "How About You?," Parry is reunited with Lydia. Later, Jack, who had earlier broken up with Anne, is reunited with her.'] ['Wayne Campbell ([[Mike Myers  and Garth Algar  are the hosts of Wayne\'s World, a local Friday late-night cable access program based in Aurora, Illinois, where they ogle pictures of beautiful celebrity women, play guitar and air drums, and interview local people, indirectly making fun of them over the course of the interview. The program is popular with local viewers. One day Benjamin Kane , a television station executive, is visiting a girlfriend  who turns the TV to the show. When she tells him how many people watch the show, he instructs his producer Russell Finley  to find out where the show is taped, telling him they may have an opportunity for a huge sponsorship. Benjamin shows up next week in Wayne\'s basement and introduces himself after the show ends. He offers to buy the rights to the show for $10,000  and to keep Wayne and Garth on for what he describes as a "huge" salary. Garth then covertly speaks to the audience, sensing he has a bad feeling that Wayne is selling out, but he is too shy to confront Wayne about it. Following the purchase of the show, it is quickly "reinvented", complete with a weekly interview guaranteed to Noah Vanderhoff , the show\'s sponsor. The first reinvented show is also their last, as Wayne holds up a series of cards with questions on the front and, unknowingly to Vanderhoff, insulting phrases on the back such as "Sphincter Boy" , "He blows goats...I have proof" and "This man has no penis", prompting Benjamin to call Wayne up to the control booth and fire him on the spot. At the same time, Wayne\'s blossoming relationship with hard rock vocalist and bassist Cassandra , the frontwoman of a band named Crucial Taunt, leads to a rift forming between Wayne and Garth. It erupts when Wayne walks out on the show after getting fired for writing rude comments and gestures on the back of some cue cards, leaving Garth to a bout of stage fright for the rest of the show. The two separate, but later make up after Wayne breaks up with Cassandra following an argument between them over Benjamin. While making up with Garth, Wayne remembers a limo belonging to record executive Frankie Sharp  outside an Alice Cooper concert in Milwaukee. He also remembers that a security guard at the concert  said that Sharp would be riding through Chicago later that day and forms a plan with Garth to get her back. With everyone in the donut shop helping, Wayne is able to convince Cassandra, who is at a video shoot directed by Benjamin, to leave the shoot with the band and head back to Aurora with him to perform on the show. Garth, meanwhile, hacks into a satellite system and is able to route the signal from the broadcast into the television set in Sharp\'s limo. In the meantime, the police keep Benjamin at bay and leave him unable to enter the house until the show\'s over. Nearing the end of Cassandra\'s song, Frankie Sharp and Benjamin enter the basement. Once the song is finished, Frankie says to Cassandra that it is the wrong time to sign her band, causing her to become infuriated with Wayne. Wayne is called small-time by Benjamin just before he leaves with Cassandra, and Wayne\'s crazy ex-girlfriend Stacy  comes in to announce to Wayne that she is pregnant. Suddenly, an electrical fire starts from the broadcasting equipment and consumes the house. While Wayne walks out of the burned-down house with an injured Garth, Cassandra lies in paradise with Benjamin. Wayne and Garth then decide they don\'t like that ending, and decide to do the "Scooby-Doo ending" instead. Wayne then pulls off Benjamin\'s face, revealing that he is actually Old Man Withers, who then remarks, true to Scooby-Doo form, "And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it hadn\'t been for you snooping kids!" After this, Garth imitates Scooby-Doo by saying "Good One, Shaggy." Wayne and Garth then decide to do the "mega happy ending", where Frankie gives Cassandra a six album record deal, Wayne and Cassandra kiss, Russell and the crew member who keeps saying "I love you" get together, while he announces how he discovered that "platonic love can exist between two grown men", Noah is glad people are seeing him in a new light after he started sponsoring Wayne\'s World, Benjamin realizes being successful doesn\'t get you everything, and Garth finally gets his dream girl .'] [" Action takes place during a heatwave in a bombed-out, post-war Tokyo. Rookie homicide detective Murakami  has his Colt pistol stolen during a trolley ride and gives chase to the pickpocket, but when he fails to capture him he reports back to headquarters filled with guilt and shame. He goes on to prowl the city backstreets undercover, looking for suspects and picking up leads. He eventually picks up the trail of a gun racket. When the stolen gun is used in a crime, Murakami partners up with the veteran detective Sato . After questioning a suspect, Sato and Murakami end up at a baseball game looking for a gun dealer named Honda. They locate him and he points to Yusa, a disenchanted war veteran who's fallen to crime after the war. They investigate Yusa's sister's house and his sweetheart, showgirl Harumi Namiki, but to no avail. Murakami's gun is used in another crime, this time as the murder weapon. They question Namiki at her mother's house. The girl is still reticent to talk, so Sato leaves off to investigate Yusa's trail while Murakami remains behind. Sato comes across Yusa's last hideout. He places a call for Murakami, but just as he is about to reveal Yusa's location, the criminal makes a run for it. Sato attempts to give chase, but is shot in the rain and left for dead. A desperate Murakami arrives soon enough to donate blood to his friend at the hospital. The following morning, Namiki has a change of heart and informs Murakami at the hospital that she had an appointment with Yusa at a train station nearby. Murakami races to the meeting and deduces who Yusa is from his mud spattered clothing. He gives chase into a forest and is wounded in the arm. After a chase, Murakami manages to cuff Yusa, taking him into custody. Back at the hospital, Sato has recovered and congratulates Murakami on his first citation. Murakami reflects on Yusa's plight, reflecting on the parallels between him and the criminal. Sato tells him to forget about Yusa, and get ready for the cases he will have to solve in the future."] ["Harry Dunne  is home schooled throughout his life and finally gets his chance to go to regular school. At the same time, another guy named Lloyd Christmas([[Derek Richardson  , who has been adopted and exchanged several times until he was accepted by Ray , the school janitor, as shown in the deleted scenes - becomes overeager, and gets out of school to get into school. Harry bumps into Lloyd on the way, in search for a treasure his mother  asked him to find, and as if it were destiny, the two instantly became the best of friends. Lloyd introduces Harry to his 'friend', Turk , the school bully whose main function in life appears to be making Lloyd's life hell. After putting Lloyd in a dustbin, he hoists the two friends up a flagpole. Meanwhile, the corrupt Principal Collins  is searching for a way to get a large amount of money to get a condominium in Waikiki. Seeing Harry and Lloyd getting hoisted on a flagpole makes Principal Collins establish a 'special needs' class to swindle $100,000 from the local community. Obviously, Harry and Lloyd are more than thrilled to help, and thus find themselves signing up people who are 'different' for the class. These include a reluctant Turk; a teen named Toby  who broke his leg in a skateboarding accident - and whom Lloyd believes is a 'little crippled boy'; Toby's gorgeous girlfriend, Terri ; geeky Lewis , whom Harry and Lloyd believe is a centaur after seeing him half-dressed in his horse mascot costume; Cindy , also known as Ching-Chong, an Asian exchange student who later becomes Turk's girlfriend; and Carl , a badly injured football player obsessed with his sport. Jessica ([[Rachel Nichols , a headstrong student, is suspicious of Principal Collins' sudden contribution. Jessica asks Harry for information. Harry, who thinks that she is flirting with him, turns to Lloyd for courtship tips. A repulsive disaster involving Jessica's bathroom and a melted chocolate bar scares her father  and directs her attention to Lloyd. Soon, Harry and Lloyd get into a fight over Jessica, without her knowing it. Inevitably, the two make amends when Harry and Lloyd realize that they were nothing without each other . It so happens that the Special Needs class was asked to build a float for President's Day at that time; instead of building a float with George Washington as the main attraction, they change it to look like Principal Collins with repeated recordings of his evidence. Principal Collins is arrested before he can get away, and Harry and Lloyd are regarded as heroes. However, just like in the original film, the duo's advances to Jessica were in vain, since it turned out that she had a boyfriend. As the couple rode off, Harry and Lloyd vowed never to fight and risk their friendship over a woman, again; that vow was repeatedly broken. As the guys head home, they are approached by the Felcher Twins  in a sports car, who offer to take them to a huge party. Harry and Lloyd turn them down, and Harry gets covered in mud and dirties Jessica's father's car at the end of the film."] [' The film begins in the year 1971. Elmo McElroy , a new college graduate with a degree in pharmacology, is caught smoking marijuana when a patrolman pulls over his car. Because of his arrest and conviction, he is unable to find work as a pharmacologist. The film then fast forwards to the present day as a drug lord called "the Lizard"  calls a meeting with his organization, hoping to sell a brand new substance invented by McElroy. The meeting goes awry when McElroy, in a bid to escape from the Lizard\'s control, blows up the building, killing everyone but the Lizard, who falls through the floor. With revenge on his mind, the Lizard contacts Dakota , a contract killer, who killed the only witness in a case against the Lizard, as depicted in several early scenes in the movie. Dakota initially refuses to chase down and kill McElroy, but when the Lizard offers to clear her gambling debts and give her a $250,000 bonus to complete the hit, Dakota takes the job. McElroy heads for Liverpool where he has a deal arranged. At the airport he is met by Felix DeSouza , a local "Fixer" who has been sent by his boss Leopold Durant , head of a local criminal organization, in exchange for two football tickets to the sold-out Liverpool versus Manchester United game. At the meeting, McElroy makes his pitch, claiming that his product, POS 51, a synthetic drug that can be produced with minimal facilities, is 51 times as potent as ecstasy, opiates, amphetamines, and cocaine. A second opinion from a local chemist confirms McElroy\'s claims and Durant gives him over a million dollars in bonds. Since it is 18 million dollars short of the agreed payment, McElroy threatens to leave. Meanwhile, in a room across the street, Dakota is watching through a rifle scope, waiting for her chance to kill McElroy, but Felix DeSouza keeps unknowingly standing in the way. As she is about to pull the trigger, the Lizard calls, now being concerned about keeping McElroy alive until he can get the formula. Instead of killing McElroy, she is to kill anyone who is meeting with him. She switches rifles to an automatic weapon and kills everyone in the room except DeSouza and McElroy. Escaping with McElroy, DeSouza is shot in the rear by Dakota, who remarks, "That\'s for getting in the way". As McElroy and DeSouza leave the hotel, the two are attacked by a gang of skinheads, who are also out to get the drug. McElroy protects himself and Felix with a golf club. Detective Virgil Kane  arrives on the scene and gives a chase. He is soon lured into a game of chicken by McElroy, who escapes. Kane returns to the crime scene and strings up Durant on the bottom of a large cargo container. He demands 50 percent of Durant\'s deal with McElroy. A miscommunication leads to the cargo container being dropped, rather than being lowered slowly, crushing and killing Durant in the process. McElroy asks DeSouza to contact the next drug lord in town, who is a gun dealing club owner and drug distributor named Iki , promising him his formula for £20 million. McElroy and DeSouza make their way to a chemist  to get the ingredients for POS 51. One of the drug\'s defining attributes is that it can be made with over-the-counter products, none of which yet appear on any government\'s banned substance list. They are followed by the skinheads, who are armed this time. McElroy isn\'t that dismayed at being captured, as the skinheads claim they have a lab to produce the drug. The lab turns out to be an Animal Testing Facility that the skinheads have broken into. McElroy makes two batches of the drug; one blue and one red. He claims that the red pill is the stronger version, and after he takes one, the skinheads try it. While they are partying, waiting for the effect of the drug, in the next room McElroy spits out his red pill. He relates to DeSouza that its primary effect is that of a powerful laxative, which should take effect any moment. McElroy and DeSouza leave after throwing some rolls of toilet paper to the screaming skinheads, who are writhing on the floor. The two visit Iki\'s rave club, where McElroy initiates his deal with the raver king and delivers the drug to the waiting crowd. The distribution is interrupted by Kane and a police raid, Felix is surrounded by police and arrested. Dakota appears, and it is revealed that her real name is Dawn and that she and DeSouza were romantically involved. She captures McElroy and attempts to leave with him via the roof and the escape ladder. McElroy gets the upper hand, suspending her over the edge of the roof. Having no choice, she strikes a deal with him and they escape from Kane. Meanwhile, DeSouza is in police custody, being interrogated by Kane. The corrupt cop wants in on their deal with Iki or he will get DeSouza on charges of possession of a firearm. He arranges the time and the place, letting Kane in on the deal. Meeting back up with McElroy and Dawn, they contact Iki. The venue is the Liverpool vs. Manchester United game, in a private viewing box, at Anfield. This time the deal is interrupted by the Lizard, who shoots Iki and demands the formula to POS 51. The Lizard celebrates with a drink, as McElroy reveals the true nature of the drug-it\'s a placebo and the ingredients cancel each other out, making it the "most expensive candy" in the world. McElroy tells the Lizard that POS stands for Power of Suggestion. Kane interrupts the moment, just as McElroy\'s cocktail, ingested by the Lizard, takes effect. The cocktail contains a chemical that becomes explosive when it reaches a certain temperature; this is the same chemical McElroy used in his earlier attempt to leave his employment with the Lizard. Pulling an umbrella from McElroy\'s golf bag, DeSouza, McElroy, and Dawn take cover behind it. Police arrive and arrest Kane, who is lying unconscious on the floor, covered in bloody bits of the Lizard. Having made their escape, the three divide the money, Dawn and Felix agree to give their relationship a second chance. During the credits, a putt falls in a hole. McElroy is playing golf in front of the castle  seen on the card pinned to the Lizard\'s lab wall in the beginning of the film . The castle is the home of the McElroy clan. The final scene has Elmo finishing a round of golf with Hector Dougal McElroy, who Elmo reveals is a descendant of the same family that once owned Elmo\'s ancestors. Elmo now owns the McElroy castle, and as he walks towards it, he strips naked and says "Elmo is in the house!"'] ['{{plot}} Jung Su-Ji is a quiet, mysterious beauty; whenever she speaks to Na-Mi, it is always with disdain.Towards the end of the film, Na-Mi confronts Su-Ji and learns that Su-Ji’s stepmother is from Jeollado, the same city Na-Mi is from, making Su-Ji automatically biased against Na-Mi. The two make up after drinking soju, and crying out their frustrations together. Na-Mi is accepted into their group as their seventh member, after she unexpectedly proves herself against a rival group from a different school. Chiun-Hwa suggests naming their group; they settle on "Sunny", after a nighttime radio DJ responds to their letter on air. Back at the present time, Na-Mi returns to Chiun-Hwa\'s room and confirms it is indeed her high school friend. She learns that Chiun-Hwa  became a successful businesswoman, but has terminal cancer with two months to live. Na-Mi’s husband calls, and informs her that he is on a two-month business trip. As Na-Mi leaves, she promises she will visit often; Chiun-Hwa then tells her she would like to see Sunny reunited one more time before she dies.<ref nameSeptember 2012|reason=do they reunite before the funeral or at the funeral?}} At Chiun-Hwa\'s funeral, Sunny , is reunited, but not every woman knows about each other\'s present struggles. As they are about to leave, Chiun-Hwa\'s lawyer walks in and asks them if they are Sunny. He reads Chiun-Hwa\'s will, which bequeathes that Na-Mi will be the leader of Sunny. Jin-Hee is given the position of vice-president; she looks disappointed because she expected something monetary. To that, the lawyer explains, "You are already rich" from Chiun-Hwa. He then reads that, for Jang-Mi, Chiun-Hwa had bought life insurance from her, and had made all the members of Sunny beneficiaries. Jang-Mi is elated that she will finally be number one in her sales for that month. To Geum-Ok, Chiun-Hwa offers her a position at her publishing company, with a chance to become company president if she doubles her sales. Chiun-Hwa leaves Bok-Hee a paid for apartment, so that she may live with her daughter. She also leaves her the ground floor of a building, with a large sum of money, so she can open a business. After the conclusion of the reading, the women reprise their high school choreography to "Sunny" by Boney M in front of Chiun-Hwa\'s funeral picture. As they celebrate, Su-Ji makes a surprise appearance.'] ["Their friendship strained by love of the same woman, cowboy buddies Bobby Ray Burns and Pal Grisham return to hometown Cherub, Texas, to renew old ties and settle an old debt. In the thirty years since the pair split up, Bobby Ray's guitar picking and singing have won him gold records, while Pal's good looks have earned him silver-screen stardom—and the hand of the woman who divided them, Kitty O'Donnell. Known once around old Cherub as 'The Three Musketeers,' Bobby Ray, Pal, and Kitty come home to confront the past in this warm-hearted, cowboy valentine to friendship, love, and fidelity. Even as Cherub welcomes them back as celeb-heroes, Bobby Ray seeks to involve Pal in breaking into the town bank to make an anonymous deposit of $211.63 — repayment of a loan drawn on a whiskey-drinking night, years gone, that saw the 'Musketeers' go their separate ways. Complications ensue as they learn that the bank, much of the town, and Pal's ancestral ranch have fallen into the hands of antagonist, Cale Chason."] ['Natalie Cook , Dylan Sanders , and Alex Munday  are the "Angels," three talented, tough, attractive women who work as private investigators for an unseen millionaire named Charlie . Charlie uses a speaker in his offices to communicate with the Angels, and his assistant Bosley  works with them directly when needed. The Angels are assigned to find Eric Knox , a software genius who created a revolutionary voice-recognition system and heads his own company, Knox Enterprises. Knox is believed to have been kidnapped by Roger Corwin , who runs a communications-satellite company called Redstar. The Angels infiltrate a party held by Corwin and spot a thin man  who was seen on the surveillance videos during Knox\'s kidnapping. They chase and fight the Thin Man, but he runs away. When they follow him, they discover Knox. After the Angels reunite Knox with his business partner Vivian Wood , Charlie explains that they must determine whether the Thin Man has stolen Knox\'s voice-recognition software. The Angels infiltrate Redstar headquarters, fool the security system, and plant a device in the central computer that will enable them to explore it remotely. They retire for the night after giving Bosley the laptop computer that communicates with the Redstar computer. Dylan takes up Knox\'s offer to spend the night with him, but he betrays her later that night, explaining that he faked the kidnapping with help from Vivian and the thin man. He has kidnapped Bosley, and, with access to Redstar\'s central computer, he intends to use his voice software with the Redstar satellite network to find and kill Charlie, who he believes killed his father in the Vietnam War. Knox shoots at Dylan, apparently killing her, but she escapes unharmed. Natalie and Alex are also attacked, and Corwin is murdered by the Thin Man. When the Angels regroup, Charlie\'s offices are blown up, but a radio receiver survives in the rubble, and the Angels deduce Bosley\'s location as he speaks to them using a radio transmitter implanted in his teeth. With help from Dylan\'s current boyfriend Chad , the Angels approach the abandoned lighthouse where Knox is holding Bosley prisoner. The Angels rescue Bosley and defeat Vivian, the thin man, and some henchmen before Knox blows up the lighthouse, but Knox uses his software and the Redstar satellite network to locate Charlie when he telephones Bosley. When Knox escapes in a helicopter armed with a missile, Bosley helps the Angels board the helicopter, and Alex reprograms the missile, which blows up the helicopter and kills Knox while the Angels land safely in the ocean. Seeing the opportunity to finally meet Charlie in person, the Angels enter the beach house that Knox targeted, but Charlie has already left. He remotely congratulates them on a job well done, and treats them and Bosley to a vacation. When Charlie speaks to the Angels by telephone on the beach, unseen by most of the group, Dylan suspects that she sees him nearby talking into a cell phone.'] ['In Texas, Dignan  "rescues" Anthony  from a voluntary mental hospital, where he has been staying for self-described exhaustion. Dignan has an elaborate escape planned and has developed a 75-year plan that he shows to Anthony. The plan is to pull off several heists and then meet Mr. Henry, a landscaper and part-time criminal known to Dignan. As a practice heist, the two friends break into Anthony\'s house, stealing specific items from a list. Afterward, critiquing the heist, Dignan reveals that he took a pair of earrings, not specified on the list. This upsets Anthony, as he had bought those earrings for his mother. Anthony visits his little sister at her school so she can return the earrings. Dignan recruits Bob Mapplethorpe  as a getaway driver because he is the only person they know with a car. The three buy guns and return to Bob\'s house to plan their next heist, a local bookstore. The group bickers as Dignan struggles to describe his intricate plan. The group steals a small sum of money from the bookstore and "go on the lam" at a hotel. Anthony meets Inés , a maid, and the two spark a romance despite Inés\'s lack of English. Bob learns that his marijuana crop has been discovered by police and his older brother has been arrested. Bob leaves to help his brother. Before leaving, Anthony gives Dignan an envelope for Inés. Dignan delivers the envelope to Inés while she is cleaning a room, not knowing the envelope has most of his and Anthony\'s money inside. Inés does not open the envelope and hugs Dignan to say goodbye. As Dignan is leaving, Inés asks an English-speaking male friend of hers to chase after Dignan and tell him she loves Anthony. When he delivers the message he says, "Tell Anthony I love him". Dignan fails to realize he is speaking for Inés and does not deliver the message. Taking an abandoned Alfa Romeo Spider, Dignan and Anthony continue with the 75-year plan, but the car breaks down. Anthony reveals that the envelope Dignan gave to Inés contained the rest of their cash. The two get in a fight and go their separate ways. Narrating a letter to his sister, Anthony says he and Bob have settled into a routine that is keeping them busy. Dignan, who has joined Mr. Henry\'s gang, tracks Anthony down and they reconcile. Dignan invites Anthony into a job with Mr. Henry and Anthony accepts on the condition that Bob is allowed in. The trio meet the eccentric Mr. Henry ([[James Caan  and plan to rob a safe at a cold storage facility. Mr. Henry becomes a role model for the trio, standing up to Bob\'s abusive brother and tutoring Dignan on success. He invites the trio to a party at his house and visits the group at the Mapplethorpes\' house, which he compliments. Anthony learns of Inés\'s love for him and contacts her. She has learned some English and the two rekindle their relationship. With two accomplices from Mr. Henry\'s landscaping company, the group conducts their heist at the factory, but the plan quickly falls apart. As the police arrive, Dignan has locked himself out of the escape van and is arrested. During the heist, Mr. Henry loads furniture from Bob\'s house into a truck. Anthony and Bob visit Dignan in prison and tell him how Mr. Henry robbed Bob\'s house. Dignan begins rattling off an escape plan and tells his friends to get into position for a get-away. After a tense moment the two realize Dignan is joking. Dignan says to Anthony, "Isn\'t it funny that you used to be in the nuthouse and now I\'m in jail?" as he walks back into the prison.'] ['The once-successful steel mills of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, have shut down and most of the employees have been laid off. Former steel workers Gary "Gaz" Schofield and Dave Horsefall have resorted to stealing scrap metal from the abandoned mills to sell. Gaz is facing trouble from his ex-wife, Mandy, over child support payments that he\'s failed to make since losing his job. Gaz\'s son, Nathan, loves his father but wishes they could do more "normal stuff" in their time together. One day, Gaz spots a crowd of women lined up outside a local club to see a Chippendale\'s striptease act. He gets the idea to form his own strip tease group using local men in hopes of making enough money to pay off his child support obligations. The first to join the group is Lomper, a security guard at Harrison\'s, the steel mill where Dave and Gaz once worked. After finally being laid off, Lomper attempts to commit suicide, but is rescued by Dave who convinces him to join the group. Next they recruit Gerald Cooper, a former manager at the plant, who has been hiding from his wife the fact that he\'s been laid off. Gaz and Dave see Gerald and his wife, Linda, at a dance class and recruit him to teach them some actual dance moves. The four men hold an open audition to recruit more members and settle on Horse, an older man who is nevertheless a good dancer, and Guy, who can\'t dance but proves to be well-endowed when he exposes himself to the four men, and even Nathan. When they are approached by local women who have heard of their show, Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they\'ll go "the Full Monty" and remove all their clothes. With not much left to lose, and a sold-out show, the men decide to go for it for one night. Dave, having re-gained his confidence with help from his wife, Jean, joins the rest of the group minutes before they go on stage. However, Gaz himself refuses to do it because there are men in the audience, even when Nathan, who has secretly come, tells him that his ex-wife was there. Nathan later forces his hand and Gaz, proud of his son, performs in front of the audience and Mandy who seems to see him in a new light. The film ends with the group on stage in front of a packed house, stripping to Tom Jones\' version of You Can Leave Your Hat On .'] ['Another 48 Hrs. takes place several years after the events of the first film, with Reggie Hammond  having served another prison term for robbing a payroll . Veteran San Francisco police officer Jack Cates  has to reunite with his imprisoned buddy Reggie who is about to be released from prison. Together they have to find an unscrupulous drug dealer who calls himself "The Iceman". Once again they only have 48 hours to fulfill their task. Cates has been after the Iceman for the past four years. At the Hunter\'s Point Raceway, Jack confronts Tyrone Burroughs  and Arthur Brock. Jack kills Brock in self defense, but Burroughs escapes, and Jack is in danger of going to prison because Brock\'s gun can\'t be found. Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. Jack tries to convince Reggie to help him clear his name and find the Iceman, but Reggie says he won\'t help unless Jack gives Reggie the $500,000 that Jack has been holding on to for Reggie. Jack refuses to give Reggie the money unless Reggie helps him. After the bus that is transporting Reggie away from the prison is forced to crash by two bikers and Jack gets shot by the same two bikers, Jack forces Reggie to help him by having the hospital release Reggie into his custody. Reggie recognized one of the bikers as Richard "Cherry" Ganz , the brother of Albert Ganz, the escaped convict Jack killed in the first film. Jack got shot because Cherry wants revenge for Albert\'s death, and Cherry and his partner Willie Hickok  are the hitmen who have been hired to kill Reggie. Burroughs, who works for the Iceman, was trying to hire Brock as insurance, just in case Cherry and Hickok fail. Blake Wilson , the head of the Internal Affairs division, obviously doesn\'t like Jack, because Wilson will stop at nothing to prosecute Jack for manslaughter in Brock\'s death, and it turns out that the Ice Man put a price on Reggie\'s head because Reggie knows who the Ice Man is—Jack\'s friend and fellow cop, Ben Kehoe . Jack confronts the trio of villains (Detective Frank Cruise  at a local nightclub where Reggie is being held . Jack and Reggie dispose of Cruise, Cherry and Hickok, but Reggie is grabbed by Kehoe and used as a human shield. Reggie begs Jack to shoot him which he does firing a shot into his shoulder, wounding him and throwing him off Kehoe. Jack then empties his gun into Kehoe, who falls backward and his head is crushed by one of the stripper cages. Reggie is being transported to the hospital and he and Jack share a few parting words. As the ambulance leaves with Reggie, Jack realizes that Reggie  has once again stolen his lighter.'] ["Rabbi Avram Belinski  arrives in Philadelphia from Poland en route to San Francisco where he will be a congregation's new rabbi. He has with him a Torah scroll for the San Francisco synagogue. Avram, an innocent, trusting and inexperienced traveler, falls in with three con men, the brothers Matt and Darryl Diggs and their partner Mr. Jones, who trick him into helping pay for a wagon and supplies to go west, then brutally rob him and leave him and most of his belongings scattered along a deserted road in Pennsylvania. Still determined to make it to San Francisco, Avram spends a little time with some Pennsylvania Dutch . Injured when he was dumped out of the speeding wagon, the Amish nurse Avram back to health and give him money for the train west to the end of the line. When he reaches the end of the line in Ohio, the rabbi manages to find work on the railroad. On his way west again after saving up enough money to buy a horse and some supplies, he is befriended and looked after by a stranger named Tommy Lillard , a bank robber with a soft heart who is moved by Avram's helplessness and frank personality, despite the trouble it occasionally gives him. For instance, when Tommy robs a bank on a Friday, he finds that Avram  will not ride on the Sabbath—even with a hanging posse on his tail. With some luck, however, they still manage to get away, mainly because with the horses rested from having been walked for a full day, they are fresh and able to ride all night, outdistancing their pursuers. On another occasion, due to Avram's insistence on riding into foul weather, he and Tommy have to use an old Indian trick and snuggle up next to their horses, which they have gotten to lie on the ground, to wait out a snowstorm. While traveling together, the two also experience American Indian customs and hospitality, disrupt a Trappist monastery's vow of silence with an innocent gesture of gratitude, and learn a little about each other's culture. While stopping in a small town not too far of San Francisco, Avram encounters the Diggs brothers and Jones again. He gets into a fight with the three of them, and after taking a beating is rescued by Tommy, who takes back what they had stolen from Avram and a bit more besides. Seeking revenge, the three bandits follow the pair and ambush them on a California beach where Tommy and Avram have stopped to bathe. Avram experiences a crisis of faith when he is forced to shoot Darryl Diggs in self-defense. Tommy brings him back by eloquent argument with simple language, reminding him that he still is what he is inside, despite what he had to do on the beach. When Matt Diggs, sole survivor of the ambushing trio, prepares to avenge his brother by killing Avram and Tommy springs to his friend's defense, Avram regains his composure and shows his wisdom and courage in front of the entire community. He exiles Diggs from San Francisco . The story ends happily with Avram marrying Rosalie Bender, younger daughter of the head of San Francisco's Jewish community, with Tommy attending the ceremony as his best man."] ['{{plot}} Darryl Walker  is a clumsy nerdy repairman, who is a genius. Darrel had a pure heart and an optimstic Pollyannish personality. He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner city neighborhood. The area suffers from political corruption and the police are on strike. It takes the murder of his grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris\' anti corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael Minelli to awaken him to the realities of his city\'s urban decay. He expresses his frustrations by intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general corruptible state that the city has become. Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of our flat". He tries to storm into it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the hazardous stupidity of doing so. Awareness to the city\'s issues inspires Darryl to become Blankman. He uses his technical expertise to create weapons and gadgets. His brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this fantasy believing that it\'s Darryl\'s way to cope with the murder of his grandmother. He demands an audience with the police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace. Darryl is released on orders to see a shrink. The shrink calls Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the shrink then attempts to psychoanalyze. After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch. After he delivers a woman\'s baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name. Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies, "He\'s gone blank, ma\'am." Both the lady and the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman. Over time he protects various other people in the community, building up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life superheroes. Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him. He relents, on the condition that she wear a carnation. He brings her to his secret hideout, an abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime. Impressed by his heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection. Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli\'s attempts at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs the city has been giving its workers. He also asks that Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special award. As the money is released, Minelli\'s henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage, threatening to detonate explosives. At the police chief\'s request and the crowd\'s chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor, but is unable to disarm all the bombs. He reveals his identity to the mayor and tells him of his grandmother\'s support for the mayor. Mayor Harris wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell Mrs. Walker about Darryl. Blankman runs out screaming as the bank explodes. The crowd, seeing his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street. Darryl then gives up his heroic works for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald\'s. Wanting a great story Kevin\'s boss Jason Stone, a tabloid news junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of Blankman\'s love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive interview. In the midst of doing research on Minelli and Darryl\'s grandmother\'s death, Kimberly calls Kevin with the news. As Kevin answers, Minelli takes Kimberly hostage. Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin , telling him he will kill Kimberly if Blankman does not show up. Kevin rushes to Darryl\'s workplace with the news, but Darryl refuses to help wanting a normal life. Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him. The two rush to Darryl\'s underground lair where he again turns into Blankman. Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name. He just goes by "Other Guy". The two heroes then rush to the TV station. After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli becomes fed up. While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the window and attempt a rescue. The two engage in a fight with Minelli\'s goons, losing. They are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown. Stone and Kimberly are chained to desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the building. At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant, to save them. J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair kick their way to freedom at the last minute. The duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women\'s bathroom. Activating J-5\'s "bomb disposal mode," Blankman stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly. Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on his boss. Once outside, the explosives detonate, destroying J-5. Distraught, Blankman swears revenge. Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two prepare for the final battle. Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl\'s. Blankman then defeats Minelli\'s goons with his electric "newchucks" . Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and delivers him to the police. Blankman is once again acknowledged as a hero  by the people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding community service at a ceremony in their honor. Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt . After the ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl." The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert. Kimberly then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and she kisses Darryl to prove it. Darryl falls to the ground after getting the same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and Kimberly laugh at him. The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You Blankman...and the Other Guy".'] ['Long-time friends Bacon , Soap , Tom , and Eddy  put together £100,000 so that Eddy, a genius at cards, can buy in to one of Harry "The Hatchet" Lonsdale\'s  weekly high-stakes three card brag game. Harry learns that Eddy is a card savant from his bodyguard Barry "the Baptist" . Knowing that he cannot win he decides to fix the game. He does so by having Barry watch a feed from a camera hidden behind Eddy, and reveal Eddy\'s card values to Harry by a system involving a device hidden on Harry\'s leg. Eddy loses not only his £100,000 buy-in, but an additional £400,000 that Harry bullied him into borrowing to play out the biggest pot of the night. Harry demands repayment within a week. Knowing that Eddy and the others have slim chances of raising half a million pounds within a week, he pulls Eddy\'s father\'s bar into the deal as an alternative, in an attempt to get his own revenge on Eddy\'s father. Barry the Baptist tells Eddy that he will remove a finger from each of the four friends for every day the debt is overdue. After several days with no luck acquiring the funds, Eddy returns home and overhears his neighbours, a gang of thieves led by a man named Dog, planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs. Eddy relays this information to the group, intending for them to rob the neighbours as they come back from their heist. They install taping equipment to record the conversations of their neighbours. Tom acquires a pair of antique shotguns from an underground dealer, known as Nick "the Greek" , who also strikes a deal with Rory Breaker , a gangster and sociopath, to buy the stolen drugs. Nick had purchased the guns from a pair of bungling small-time criminals, Gary and Dean , who had stolen them from a bankrupt lord as part of a job for Harry Lonsdale, not realizing that of the entire stolen firearms collection, his only desire was the two antique shotguns. After learning the guns had been sold, an enraged Barry threatens the two into getting them back. The neighbours\' heist gets under way; despite a gang member being killed by his own Bren Gun, and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden , the job is a success. On returning to their flat, the gang is ambushed by the four friends, who take the loot and return later that night to stash the goods next door, before celebrating with a wild night of drinking. Rory discovers that the drugs he was going to purchase were stolen from him, as the marijuana growers were in his employ. Rory interrogates Nick into revealing where the four friends live, and enlists one of the chemists to identify the robbers. Meanwhile, furious about their loss, Dog throws one of his men through the wall of their flat and discovers the taping equipment and eventually the stolen goods. While he counts the money, his men prepare an ambush. Gary and Dean, trying to recover the antique shotguns, call Nick, who directs them to the same address, while Big Chris , Harry\'s debt collector, departs with his son to the same destination, and the four friends drive home from the bar. Rory and his gang assault the flat and have a shootout with the neighbours, resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist, the latter taking off with the marijuana. Dog is mugged by Big Chris of the shotguns and money during his escape; Gary and Dean spot Big Chris with the guns and hastily follow him, while the four friends return to find their loot missing. Big Chris gives the guns and cash to Harry, but on his return finds Dog threatening to kill his son if he doesn\'t retrieve the loot. Desperate to get the guns, Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry at their office, realizing their mistake as they kill each other. The four friends arrive, find everyone dead, and take the cash back. Big Chris suddenly crashes into their car to disable Dog, then brutally bludgeons him to death with his car door. He takes the debt money back from the unconscious friends but allows Tom to leave with the antique shotguns. The friends are arrested, but declared innocent after the traffic warden identified Dog\'s dead gang as the prime suspects. The four reunite at Eddy\'s father’s bar and decide that Tom should dispose of the shotguns, which are the only remaining pieces of evidence that links them to the crimes. After Tom leaves, Big Chris arrives to admit he is keeping the debt money for himself and his son, but instead gives them an antique guns catalogue, which reveals that the antique shotguns were each worth a fortune. They quickly call Tom, and the film ends in a both literal and figurative cliffhanger when Tom’s mobile phone starts ringing as he hangs over the side of a bridge, preparing to drop the shotguns into the River Thames and he has to decide whether to answer the phone or drop the guns into the river.'] [' In Gotham City, Batman  stops a hostage situation in a bank caused by Two-Face , the alter ego of the disfigured former district attorney, Harvey Dent. Unfortunately, Two-Face escapes. Edward Nygma , a researcher at Wayne Enterprises, develops a device to beam television directly to a person\'s brain; Bruce Wayne  rejects the invention, noting that it "raises too many questions", and Edward angrily resigns from his position. After meeting psychiatrist Dr. Chase Meridian , Bruce invites her to a charity circus event. There, Two-Face and his henchmen storm the event in an attempt to discover Batman\'s secret identity, and in the process murder The Flying Graysons, a family of acrobats. The youngest member, Dick , survives and throws Two-Face\'s bomb into the river. Bruce assumes responsibility for Dick and allows him to stay at Wayne Manor. Dick then declares his intention to kill Two-Face and avenge his family\'s murder, and when he discovers Bruce\'s secret identity as Batman, he insists on becoming his sidekick, "Robin". Meanwhile, Nygma becomes a criminal known as the "Riddler", the master of puzzles and quizzes and forms an alliance with Two-Face. Using his invention that Bruce had rejected earlier, Nygma can read and control people\'s minds, and steal their intelligence quotient. At a business party, Edward discovers Bruce\'s secret identity. Two-Face then attacks the party and nearly kills Batman, but Robin arrives just in time to save his life. However, Two-Face and the Riddler later converge into Wayne Manor. The Riddler enters the Batcave and destroys most of the equipment, and he and Two-Face kidnap Chase, while leaving Bruce another riddle. After solving the last riddle, Batman and Robin locate the Riddler\'s lair, Claw Island, where both are separated upon reaching the island. Robin then encounters Two-Face and manages to beat him to the ground; realizing that he does not have it in him to commit murder, Robin helps the villain back up. Two-Face gets the upper hand and captures Robin. Meanwhile, Batman manages to make his way into the Riddler\'s lair, where Robin and Chase are revealed as hostages, giving Batman a choice of saving just one hostage. Batman finds a way to save both hostages, and manages to destroy the brainwave-collecting device, driving the Riddler into a mental breakdown in the process. During the battle, Two-Face falls to his death. The Riddler is finally sent to Arkham Asylum, and Chase is asked to consult on his case. Riddler offers to reveal the identity of Batman to her, but he thinks himself Batman. Chase then meets Bruce Wayne outside and tells him his secret is safe.'] ['Angus Bethune  is a teenage boy living in Minnesota, who, despite his talents as a football player and in science class, holds deep insecurities about himself. Since kindergarten, Angus has been regularly harassed by handsome Rick Sanford , and his complacent cohorts, for not being "normal" due to being overweight and is, in their view, "named after a cow". His only friend is Troy Wedberg , who is also a social outcast like him. Angus also had feelings for Melissa Lefevre , though is fearful of expressing it because she is dating Rick. Eventually, tired of the abuse from Rick, Angus applies for a magnet school where he hopes to be free of the constant humiliation. However, well aware of Angus\'s feelings for Melissa, Rick rigs an election so that Angus and Melissa will dance together in the upcoming freshman Winter Ball as King and Queen, respectively. While confronting Rick about the stunt, Angus is ordered by the principal not to lay a hand on Rick or he would be expelled. To get ready for the dance, Angus gets help from not only Troy, but also his mother Meg , and his narcoleptic Grampa . His grandfather tells him about a dance move called the Irish Swoon that he claims is a guaranteed lady-pleaser, but Angus fears that his largeness makes him an inept dancer and would embarrass both him and Melissa. To fix this, Grampa takes Angus to Madame Rulenska , where despite Angus\'s best efforts, he comes out worse than before . Later on, despite his request for a black tuxedo and wanting to be normal, Grampa purchases him a plum one. One day after football practice, Angus opens his locker and sees that his favorite pair of boxers are missing. Angus and Troy learn later with their own eyes that Rick hoisted his boxers up the flagpole for the school to see, which then fly squarely onto passerby Melissa\'s face. Angus storms home in anger, but Rick and company quickly kidnap Troy, asking him for anything that would embarrass Angus at the Winter Ball. Troy refuses their request and tries to escape, only to break his arm as he trips to the floor while Rick gives Troy an ultimatum. Meanwhile, Angus helps Grampa prepare for his marriage to April , a woman thirty years younger than him. As Angus waits with Grampa in his room on the day of the wedding and confides with him about his love for Melissa, he tries to wake him, but he quickly discovers that he is dead. Distraught, Angus opts to stay home for a few days. By that time, fearful that Rick will hurt him even more, Troy gives him the videotape containing the footage of Angus practicing his dancing with an inflatable doll while confessing his feelings for Melissa. Later that week, while cleaning up from the wedding, Angus receives a box from April and opens it, revealing the plum suit that he had earlier rejected. He realizes that his grandfather was right, he needs to stop fearing humiliation from Rick and stand up for himself or nothing will change. Resolved to grant Grampa\'s wish, Angus rejects an interview from the science school he applied to, wears his plum suit and marches to the school gymnasium, where the dance is held. Outside the school gym, Troy warns him to turn around and leave because Rick has something bad planned for him. Angus refuses and tells him that he\'s sick of enduring humiliation so he\'s taking his grandfather\'s advice by standing up for himself. He meets Melissa, and the two converse for the first time. Angus is surprised when Melissa tells him she is nervous because everyone will be staring at them. As they are introduced to the students, Rick plays Troy\'s videotape on the monitors, and the students are laughing. A humiliated Melissa runs out of the gym and Angus follows her, very infuriated with Troy for betraying him. Outside the gym, he apologizes, yet surprisingly Melissa shows her disgust with Rick and reveals that she is bulimic. She also mentions that he is very controlling and it is even hinted that he can be abusive. Angus learns that Melissa likes him because he\'s kind and respectful of others. Finding common ground, the two return to the gym and dance, even as Melissa helps him out with some of the steps. After the two receive a mild reception from the students, Rick scolds Melissa, while Angus comes to her defense. It is here that Angus finally confronts Rick and petitions him to realize that there are in fact many people that do not fit Rick\'s idea of "normal", are unwantingly ostracized for it, and are fed up with the humiliation. Rick refuses Angus\' plea by replying "Whatever I am, it\'s something you\'re never gonna be," to which Angus replies "Thank God!" and turns to leave the gym. The students applaud Angus for taking a stand against Rick and it appears that he has lost his popularity since the students no longer seem to fear him. Before Angus can leave the gym, he is stopped by Melissa, who says she wants another dance with him. Immediately after, Angus meets up with Troy and forgives him while offering Troy to dance with him and Melissa. Troy, overjoyed, wheels around and accidentally punches Rick\'s nose and breaks it, catching the attention of a girl  who asks for Troy\'s name. Soon after, Angus walks Melissa home. She smiles and kisses him on the cheek before going into her house, implying the two may have a relationship. As Angus walks away, Melissa watches him from her bedroom window. In the end, having stood his ground, Angus rejects the offer to transfer and Rick is suspended for his videotape prank. Though he had his moment, Angus decides to get another one some day.'] ['In 1997, Agent K  is a member of the Men in Black , a secret agency without ties to any government, whose goal is to maintain Earth as a "neutral zone" for extraterrestrial aliens, whom they disguise as humans around New York City. The agency maintains its secrecy by using a neuralyzer to wipe the memories of those that encounter either them or the aliens, and also the memories of former agents when they retire. Operating from an underground base at a Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority ventilation station, they fund themselves by obtaining patents on alien technologies released for consumer consumption. K\'s former partner D  has just retired after an incident at a border line between the U.S and Mexico where an alien disguised as a human almost killed an INS Officer, so K is forced to find a new partner. Agent Zed , the Agency\'s current leader, suggests that he should find a new recruit, someone "fresh". Meanwhile, James Darrell Edwards III  is a rookie police officer who is pursuing a man through the streets of Manhattan. He chases the suspect on foot with his mentor officers, but due to their weight, he is forced to apprehend him alone. Edwards is surprised as the man has the ability to jump and climb very high. After some chase, he manages to corner him on the roof. The man smiles at Edwards and blinks very unusually , as he falls down to his death. Edwards describes the chase to his supervisor, but the supervisor doesn\'t believe his explanation. Just then, K arrives at the office and neuralyzes the supervisor, the two cops, and Edwards. Later, K talks to Edwards and offers him a "new life", gives him the MIB address, and tells him to go to the address the next day. In the base, after Edwards completes several double-meaning tests in unconventional ways , K offers him the chance to join the MIB. Edwards\' identity is erased, and he becomes Agent J, K\'s partner. K initiates J into the MIB but during this, they learn that numerous alien refugees are fleeing the Earth. MIB is contacted by an Arquillian fleet in Earth orbit; the fleet warns that a "Bug", a member of a giant cockroach-like species that are at war with several alien races, has come to Earth searching for an object known as the Galaxy. Its infinite power could turn the tide of war in favor of the Bugs. To prevent this they are, though, regretfully willing to destroy the Earth unless the MIB can secure the Galaxy before their deadline, only hours away. Agent K and Agent J find the Bug is disguised using the skin of farmer Edgar  after killing the human. It already killed two Arquillians it believed had the Galaxy. The two bodies, along with a cat that refuses to leave its owner, Rosenberg, are taken to the city morgue. There, Dr. Laurel Weaver  discovers one of the tiny Arquillians is barely alive inside its human looking robot; struggling with English, it whispers to her, "To prevent war, the Galaxy is on Orion\'s belt," before it expires. K and J arrive to help remove the alien bodies and wipe Laurel\'s mind, but not before learning about this message, and Laurel suffers a déjà vu when she spots J.  They return to the base, where Zed explains that there are no galaxies on Orion\'s belt. Agent K, still suspicious about J\'s words, goes to Frank the Pug , a Remoonian talking dog, who explains to K that the galaxy doesn\'t have to be in space and enormous to actually be a galaxy. Suspicious about this, J and K head to the jewelry store Rosenberg owned. They find the store broken in, but it\'s empty. Noticing the Bug, they proceed to chase and lose it. They then look at the picture of Rosenberg and his cat and realize that Orion refers to Rosenberg\'s pet and that the belt would mean the cat\'s collar. Racing back to the morgue, they encounter the Bug, who has figured out the same thing. It steals the Galaxy, which hangs in a small charm, and kidnaps Laurel - escaping while the MIB secure its spacecraft to prevent it from leaving the planet. As the Arquillian deadline looms, the MIB tries to figure out how Edgar will leave. J then recalls from his initial briefing that the observation towers of the New York State Pavilion at Flushing Meadows are disguised spacecraft. Agents K and J race there, finding Edgar climbing one of the structures. Their arrival distracts the Bug but it enters the craft and starts the engines. The agents fire on the ship, forcing it to crash. As the two face off against Edgar, it rips through its disguise, swallows their guns and knocks them across the field. K tells J to keep the Bug from getting to the second ship by creating a distraction. K goads the Bug to eat him, which it does by swallowing him whole. J keeps the Bug distracted by stepping on cockroaches around a nearby dumpster. Before J can be eaten by the enraged Bug, he tells it to get out of his face before something bad happens. K, having found his gun in the Bug\'s stomach, then blasts his way out, ripping the alien in half. K is slime covered but safe and J picks up the Galaxy from among the contents of Edgar\'s stomach. The news is then relayed to the Arquillian fleet, saving the Earth. While J and K are recovering from their battle, the top-half of the Bug suddenly rears up behind them, but Laurel shoots the Bug with J\'s gun, which was ejected from the Bug\'s stomach. As MIB cleans up the situation, and K apparently prepares to neuralyze Laurel, he admits that he was not training J as a partner but as his replacement, as he is ready to retire from the agency, thinking about the words D said to him. K gives him the neuralyzer and explains the device, showing the 4 buttons, with one as the activator, the three others being "Days, Months, Years". He also tells J "I\'ll see you around", to which J responds; "No, you won\'t.", and neuralyzes him. In the epilogue, Laurel is Agent J\'s new partner Agent L, while K  has returned to civilian life and the woman he left behind , and J and L began to investigate more aliens disguised as humans as they drive away to the headquarters. As the camera pans out, showing the Earth, solar system and eventually the galaxy, it is revealed that the galaxy is itself in a marble. A pair of alien hands finish playing with it and place it inside a sack with other such galaxies .'] ['Zed  is a hunter and Oh  is a gatherer. After being informed that Zed ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, the shaman  and Marlak  banish him from the tribe. After Zed burns down the village by accident Oh decides to go with Zed on his journey to discover all the world has to offer. Along the way, they encounter Cain and Abel . Cain kills Abel and informs Zed and Oh that they must escape with him or else be accused of killing Abel. Afterwards, Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to "lay with", Maya  and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into slavery. They try to buy the girls\' freedom, but Cain ends up selling Zed and Oh. While being taken to a village by the owner with all the other slaves from their tribe, Sodomites attack and take the slaves prisoner, though Zed and Oh escape and hide in the desert, watching the Sodomites. The next morning, Zed and Oh discover that the Sodomites have left with the slaves. They head off to save the slaves. They come to a mountain and find Abraham  about to kill his son Isaac . Zed stops them, claiming that the Lord sent him to do so. Abraham takes them to his Hebrew village and tells them about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Zed and Oh head off for Sodom after Abraham decides to circumcise them. As they arrive in Sodom, they are captured. Cain, now a Sodomite soldier, saves them from being sodomized, calling them "his brothers." The two recalled that they were sold by Cain as slaves and Cain apologizes and offers them food. While being given a tour of the city by Cain, Zed and Oh are offered by Cain to become guards. Shortly after they become guards and are patrolling the city they see the princess Inanna , who is fasting because she feels guilty that most of the city is starving. That night, at a party, Zed is invited by the princess to talk with her. Inside the palace, Zed sees Maya and Eema serving as slaves, while Oh is forced to follow the very effeminate high priest around the palace. Zed meets Princess Inanna and she asks him to enter the Holy of Holies and tell her what it is like, thinking that Zed is the "Chosen One." Inside the temple, Zed encounters Oh, who is hiding from the high priest . There, they get into a heated argument and are then imprisoned for going inside the temple. The two are sentenced to be stoned to death but Zed convinces the Sodomites to have mercy, so they are instead sentenced to hard labor until they die from work. The king then announces that he will be sacrificing his daughter and two virgins  as a gift to the gods. Zed interrupts the ceremony, claiming he is the "Chosen One." A riot starts, Oh saves Eema and Abraham arrives with the Hebrews to overthrow the king. Oh and Eema lay with each other inside the palace, which not only consummates their relationship, but also means that Eema cannot be sacrificed. They then come out to help Zed fight the soldiers . The crowd kills all the leaders and proclaim Zed as the Leader being the "Chosen One". Zed turns this down, letting Inanna rule, and instead becomes an explorer with Maya. Oh becomes the leader of the village where the whole adventure started. The two say their goodbyes and head their separate ways.'] ["Ray Hughes  and Danny Costanzo  are two detectives working Chicago's North Side, known for their childish demeanors and unorthodox police methods, which get results in their various cases. One such case involves trying to bust up and coming drug dealer Julio Gonzales . After arresting Snake , one of Julio’s associates, they convince him to wear a wire in order to get the necessary evidence to put Julio away. Snake is setting the detectives up, however, and during the bust, the pair look as though they will be killed for sure, but two undercover detectives in Julio’s gang step in to make the arrest. In the ensuing melee, most of Julio’s gang escape, but Ray and Danny capture Gonzales. Back at the station Ray and Danny expect to be praised, but instead their captain  chastises them for their sloppy work  and orders them to take a vacation. On vacation in Key West, Florida, the pair begin to question their career choice after the experience and decide to retire and open a bar. When they return to Chicago and inform the captain of their intentions, they find out that Gonzales has been released and is free on bail. Incensed, they vow to capture Gonzales before retiring, but by being a little more careful in the process. To add insult to injury, Captain Logan assigns them the additional task of training their replacements before they go; detectives Anthony Montoya  and Frank Sigliano , none other than the two undercover officers that saved them from being killed in the Gonzales bust. During one of the attempts to capture Gonzales, Ray and Danny confiscate a large shipment of his drugs coming from Colombia. In order to get them back, Gonzales kidnaps Danny’s ex-wife Anna , whom he still loves and has been trying to reconcile with, and says he will trade her for his drugs, otherwise he will kill her. Danny agrees, leading to the final confrontation inside the high-rise atrium of the James R. Thompson Center. During the ensuing firefight, Danny and Ray ironically rescue their would-be protégés in a way similar to their own rescuing, and Gonzales is killed. Anna and Danny reconcile and he and Ray decide not to retire after all."] ["Gigot  is a mute Frenchman living in a cellar in the Ménilmontant district of Paris in the 1920s. He ekes out a hand-to-mouth existence as a lowly janitor at his landlady's apartment building. He is routinely treated with condescension by most of his neighbors and often is made the butt of practical jokes. However, he is a most decent and kindhearted fellow, traits not unnoticed by children and the local animals he often feeds. He is accepting of his humble existence, but has one unusual predilection: he is attracted by funeral processions, and finds himself attending, whether or not he ever knew the departed. He marches straight through to the grave site and can't help but cry along with all the other mourners. One evening after being extraordinarily abused by some locals at a nearby pub, he is meandering toward home in the rain. He chances upon a weakened and fearful street urchin Collette  and her 6-yr old daughter Nicole , huddled in a doorway trying to stay dry. Unaware and uncaring as to whom or what he might have encountered, he takes them to his dingy basement abode where he dries and warms them, gives them what food and drink he has, a bed to sleep in, and shelter from the rain. Collette is suspicious of Gigot but so exhausted and ill, she reluctantly and in-graciously accepts what she senses are likely his innocent tidings. Nicole, now rested and with the vitality of youth, begins to warm to him while mother convalesces. Gigot gleefully dotes upon Nicole. They happen upon a local church where Gigot is astonished to discover she is ignorant of what a church is, and completely unaware of God. Nicole points to the altar crucifix and asks Gigot who that is upon it? The mute attempts to act out the story of Christ beginning with Mary cradling the baby Jesus, from childhood through to the horror of crucifixion. In a most poignant scene, Gigot rails at this Christ who has seemingly left him so inadequate to the job of explaining all to Nicole. Nicole protests his impulsive fit of anger at the God she has just found through Gigot's hand, and his self-incriminations. She cries a single tear for him, then blows a reassuring kiss of love to the Christ upon the Cross. Gigot entertains the little girl by dancing for her to his old Victrola, and by dressing as a waiter to feed his pet mouse, to her exteme delight. He is very protective of Nicole, once running alongside her on a merry-go-round to make sure she didn't fall off and in the process creating a public scene. It is the same protectiveness that leads him to attempt to intervene to protect Collette's honor while she is in the act of soliciting a john on a park bench near the merry-go-round. Gigot is trounced by the frustrated man and a friend for his trouble. Furious over his interference with her 'activities', Collette threatens to bolt with Nicole unless Gigot can make good on her demand that he provide her a life with a 'man of means'. With only an hour to prove himself before she leaves, Gigot, on the hunt, is tempted by a singular opportunity as he happens past his local bakery. The baker and his wife  have been called away, thus leaving their till unattended. Gigot, though guilt ridden, seizes the opportunity and steals their money anyway. With those ill-gotten gains all three go on a shopping spree, buying much-needed new clothes for Collette and Nicole, and for Gigot a straw boater and a shave. Later, he buys a grand meal and drinks for all at the local restaurant to the amazement of the locals. But the good times are not to last — Collette's ex-boyfriend decides he wants her back immediately, and Collette succumbs. She wants to take Nicole along, but her pimp persuades her to wait until morning to retrieve her, so they could share a single night together, alone. The next morning two bumbling bureaucrats previously called in by one of Gigot's snooty neighbors, have come to try to remove Gigot to a home for the feeble-minded. Meanwhile, the baker has discovered the theft, and when Collette returns she finds Gigot and Nicole are now missing. Soon Gigot becomes suspect, but he and Nicole are only waxing at their secret abandoned basement chamber below the streets of Paris, listening to his old Victrola while Gigot dances for her. Dancing with so much gusto that the roof timbers fall in, Gigot and Nicole are nearly buried in rubble, but are actually only slightly hurt, although Nicole is at the moment unconscious. Frightened and thinking she is dead, Gigot rushes the girl to the church where the parish priest calls in a doctor. The priest wanting to know what happened, causes Gigot to rush back to retrieve his Victrola to help explain their actions before the cave-in. Gigot runs straight into the angry mob which is looking for them. Panicked, Gigot runs right into an old industrial coal barge loader and is washed into the river and overrun by a tug; he fails to resurface. Thinking him dead, once they recognize the truth, the locals are despondent over their despicable actions. In remorse they decide to organise a funeral for Gigot though all they have from the river is his chapeau to bury. It is obvious to all  what it is they wish to bury. However, having survived, Gigot is merely hiding. Unknowingly, he witnesses his own funeral procession and as usual is compelled to join it. When the time comes for the eulogy, he realizes it is he himself for whom they are holding the service. Upon the conclusion of the burial Gigot is spotted by the crowd and the screwball chase begins again."] ['Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O\'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy\'s gang, kills Wang\'s uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang\'s only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy\'s mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief\'s daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong\'s ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello , but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang\'s friend, rides off alone to find the princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneously fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang\'s hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.'] ["After a series of murders in Los Angeles's gay community, heterosexual police Sgt. Benson  is assigned to go undercover as half of a gay couple with Officer Kerwin , a Records Clerk. Everyone in the Department knows he is gay although he thinks he's closeted. The pair discover an earlier murder and learn that both victims appeared in the same gay magazine. Each had received a call from a hoarse-voiced man asking them to model for him, only to turn up dead soon after. Benson models for the magazine and is approached by the same hoarse-voiced man; but, when another model turns up dead, the man is cleared as a suspect. Benson grows close to Jill, the photographer of his shoot, and plans a weekend getaway with her. Kerwin suspects her of the murders, but his superiors put it down to jealousy. Kerwin uncovers evidence implicating Jill; but, when the police move to apprehend her, they discover her corpse. Her death unknown to Benson, he arrives for his rendezvous with Jill; and Kerwin races to his aid. Jill's killer, a closeted man whom Jill and one of the victims were blackmailing, admits to Benson that he killed Jill and two of the men but insists that Jill killed her partner in crime. Realizing that Kerwin is outside, the killer fires on Kerwin who returns fire. Kerwin is wounded, but the other man is killed."] ['1964 saw the cancellation of The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show and life became rather miserable and melancholy for Rocket "Rocky" J. Squirrel and Bullwinkle J. Moose. Their home, Frostbite Falls, has been destroyed in deforestation, Rocky has lost his ability to fly, and the show\'s unseen Narrator lives with his mother, spending his time narrating everything that she does. Bullwinkle and Rocky head out to address the President of the United States regarding their situation, but are stopped for six months by red tape. Meanwhile, their enemies, Fearless Leader, Boris Badenov, and Natasha Fatale lose power over Pottsylvania and dig to a Hollywood film studio where they convince Minnie Mogul, an executive, to sign a contract giving her rights to the show, and the villains are transformed from their two-dimensional cel animation origins, and become live-action characters. FBI agent Karen Sympathy and her boss, Cappy von Trapment inform President Signoff that Fearless Leader intends to make himself the President by brainwashing the American public with his cable television network, "RBTV" or "Really Bad Television". Karen is sent to a special lighthouse to bring Rocky and Bullwinkle to the real world. She succeeds, the Narrator being brought along as well but never being physically seen. Fearless Leader is informed of Rocky and Bullwinkle\'s return and sends Boris and Natasha to destroy them. The two take a laptop with them called the CDI  which can specifically destroy CGI-animated cartoon characters, and send them to the Internet. Karen manages to steal their truck after they drive her car off a cliff, but she is then arrested by the Oklahoma state police when Natasha claims to be Karen. Natasha and Boris steal a helicopter to pursue Rocky and Bullwinkle. Rocky and Bullwinkle are given a ride by "Martin and Lewis",The name is an apparent play on the 1950s comedy duo of Martin and Lewis; Mitchell and Thompson were also a famous comedy duo in their own right. two students at Bullwinkle\'s old university, Wossamotta U. Boris and Natasha get there first, and make a large donation to the university in Bullwinkle\'s name. In return, the head of the university gives Bullwinkle an honorary "Mooster\'s Degree", and Bullwinkle addresses the student body, whilst Boris attempts to kill him with the CDI upon the water tower which they built in the park. Rocky recovers his lost ability to fly and saves the oblivious Bullwinkle. Martin and Lewis lend the two their car, but Bullwinkle goes on a wild ride through Chicago. Boris and Natasha once again attempt to kill the two but instead destroy their helicopter. Karen escapes prison with help from a lovestruck Swedish guard named Ole. Karen, Rocky, and Bullwinkle are reunited but then arrested and put on trial. However the presiding Judge Cameo dismisses their case upon recognizing Rocky and Bullwinkle. The three then obtain an old biplane from a man named Old Jeb, and escape Boris and Natasha again. Boris and Natasha consider quitting their evil occupations and getting married, but then Fearless Leader calls on the phone. Afraid to admit they failed, they lie to Fearless Leader that they killed Rocky and Bullwinkle. Meanwhile, the plane the heroes fly in is unable to fly with all three aboard. Rocky flies Karen to New York City to stop Fearless Leader, while Bullwinkle flies the plane to Washington, D.C. and lands at the White House. The villains capture Karen and Rocky, whilst Cappy faxes Bullwinkle to RBTV\'s headquarters to free them. A battle follows, with the heroes winning and convincing the American public to vote for whoever they want but to replant Frostbite Falls\' trees. Bullwinkle fiddles with the CDI and inadvertently zaps the villains back to their two-dimensional cartoon forms, and ultimately to the internet. At the film\'s end, RBTV becomes "Rocky and Bullwinkle Television" and Karen dates Ole to see the Rocky and Bullwinkle movie. Returning to Frostbite Falls, the narrator reunites with his mother, the trees are replanted, and Rocky ends the movie by flying in the air leaving "The End" in steam. Rocky and Bullwinkle also wave goodbye to the audience.'] ['Set in Mexico during the 1850s, the film tells the story of Sara Sandoval  and María Álvarez . María is an uneducated, poor farm-girl whose caring father is being forced off his land by a cruel U.S. land baron, named Tyler Jackson . Sara is the highly educated, wealthy daughter of the arrogant owner of the nearby properties, and has recently returned from Europe where she attended numerous grade schools and colleges in England, Spain, and France for several years. In one fell swoop, both María\'s and Sara\'s fathers fall under attack by the baron,  giving him free rein in the nearby territories. As an act of revenge, María and Sara team up to become bank robbers, stealing and giving back to the poor Mexicans who had lost their lands. At first, the two are catty and quick to fight over the smallest matters over their different backgrounds, but under the tutelage of famed bank robber Bill Buck they learn to trust each other. During a training session, the two women are testing their strength by hanging off a cliff over a wide river, and at the last moment María swallows her pride and tells Sara she can\'t swim. María nearly drowns but is saved by Sara, and it is then that the two women put aside their differences and agree that, while they are not friends yet, they can at least work together as partners. María turns out to be a crack shot and, while Sara can barely hold a gun, she shows that she is an expert with throwing knives. Angered by the recent attacks by the newly infamous \'Bandidas\', Jackson brings in a specialist criminal investigator named Quentin Cooke. It doesn\'t take long for Sara and María to hear of this, and they quickly capture Cooke and seduce him to help them. He has already figured out that Sara\'s father was murdered and therefore discovers that his employer is actually a criminal. Now there are three robbers, each playing their part in bigger, more ambitious heists. As time goes on, the girls compete for Quentin\'s affections, which he rebukes because he is engaged. In a move to make the money they have stolen useless, Jackson moves the gold that backs the money on a train up towards U.S. territories. Midway, he decides to steal the gold, betraying the Mexican government. The Bandidas manage to hunt him down, but when they get their chance to kill him, they can\'t, feeling it would make them no better than him. Jackson manages to draw his gun and almost gets a shot off at María but Sara shoots first, finishing the villain off. In the end Quentin ends up with his fiancée and María and Sara ride off into the sunset, their eyes set on Europe where the banks are, according to Sara, "bigger".'] ['In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off mankind by creating a new ice age.'] ['When a body is found hanging on top of the sign demarcating the Ontario-Quebec border, police officers from both Canadian provinces must join forces to solve the murder. David Bouchard  is a rule-bending, francophone detective for the Sûreté du Québec, while Martin Ward  is a by-the-book anglophone Ontario Provincial Police detective. The bilingual detectives must resolve their professional and cultural differences as well as their bigotry and prejudices. The body is identified as Benoit Brisset, a hockey executive. The clues lead the pair to Luc Therrien  at a roadside bar. After a fight in the bar, they imprison him in the trunk of Bouchard\'s car. Bouchard has promised to watch his daughter\'s ballet recital, so he drives to the recital and parks the car in front with Therrien still locked in the trunk. When they emerge, they find the car being towed from the no-parking zone, and as they try to chase down the truck driver, the car explodes. With their prime witness dead, they decide to search Therrien\'s house where they find a large marijuana grow-op in the basement. They also discover another body, a former hockey team owner. A laser tripwire is activated by Bouchard, which sets the house on fire, destroying the house and causing the two cops to get high on the fumes of the burning marijuana. When they are disciplined by Bouchard\'s police chief shortly afterwards, he angrily removes them from the case after they start laughing hysterically because they\'re still high. The next victim is discovered in Toronto. They realize that the killer has a pattern of tattooing his victims, with each tattoo providing a clue to the next murder victim. Each murder is in some way connected to major league hockey.  The pair anticipate the next victim, but he goes missing before they reach him. He was about to appear on a hockey talk show, and the two cops chase him off. Ward is attacked in his home by a masked assailant whom he discovers is Therrien. Meanwhile, Bouchard has sex with Ward\'s sister. The "Tattoo Killer" kidnaps Bouchard\'s daughter, leading to the final confrontation with the two policemen. It is ultimately revealed that the murders are being committed by a bilingual portly hockey fan as revenge against the hockey league for desecrating the game by moving Canadian teams such as the "Quebec Fleur de Lys" to the United States. They try to reason with him that hockey is just a game, but this only angers him. Ward distracts the man while Bouchard unties his daughter. After a fight, the killer is blown up by one of his own explosives. During the credits, a news report is shown, revealing that the hockey teams will not be moved.'] ['The story follows four former prostitutes on the run following a justifiable homicide and a prison escape, who later encounter difficulties involving bank robbery and Pinkerton detectives.'] [' Investment banker Harold Lee  is persuaded by his colleagues Billy and JD to do their work as they leave for the weekend. Elsewhere, Kumar Patel  attends a medical school interview at the behest of his father but intentionally botches it to avoid gaining a place. Arriving home, Harold meets his neighbor Maria  but is unable to admit his feelings for her. After smoking marijuana with Kumar and seeing an advertisement for White Castle, the pair decide to get hamburgers to satisfy their hunger. Traveling to the location of the nearest White Castle, the pair find it has been replaced by "Burger Shack" but are informed that there is another White Castle in Cherry Hill. When Kumar begins to become sober, he suggests stopping at Princeton University to buy marijuana. Kumar buys marijuana from a student named Bradley  while Harold deals with the attention of Korean students admirable of his job. After smoking more marijuana together, Harold and Kumar are discovered by a campus security guard and forced to flee, losing their bag of marijuana. While the guards chase the pair, they discover Bradley\'s own marijuana and have him arrested. Harold and Kumar resume their drive, and Kumar pulls over to urinate. He leaves the car door open, allowing a raccoon to sneak in. It bites Harold, who convinces Kumar to take him to a hospital where Kumar\'s father and brother work. Kumar steals ID badges from his father and brother to obtain medical marijuana, but is mistaken for his brother and forced to perform surgery on a gunshot victim. After Kumar treats the man\'s wounds almost effortlessly, the patient tells them how to reach White Castle and the duo continues their quest. On the road, Kumar spots Maria. He decides to get her attention so Harold can talk to her, but Harold panics and presses the accelerator, causing the car to crash into a ditch. They are rescued by Randy, a heavily-disfigured tow-truck driver nicknamed "Freakshow" . He takes them to his house to repair their car and says that they can make themselves at home and have sex with his wife. Harold and Kumar are propositioned by Freakshow\'s wife  but after Freakshow suggests a foursome, Harold and Kumar flee. Noticing a hitchhiker along the road, Kumar decides to stop and pick him up. The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris, who is high on ecstasy. When Harold and Kumar head into a convenience store to get directions, Harris drives away in Harold\'s car. Attempting to hit Kumar in anger, Harold accidentally punches a racist police officer and is arrested. In jail, Harold sees Bradley being released and his stash confiscated. Kumar fakes a 911 call to draw the police away before breaking into the station to free Harold. As the police return, Harold and Kumar again flee, taking Bradley\'s stash. The pair encounter an escaped cheetah and, after smoking marijuana with it, ride it. Harold and Kumar find a hot dog restaurant and see their neighbors Goldstein  and Rosenberg  eating hot dogs and looking happy. Harold decides he wants the feeling of satisfaction from achieving their goal. After encountering a group of sport punks who routinely harass the pair, Harold and Kumar steal their truck. A police officer spots the speeding truck and gives pursuit. They briefly elude the officer but become trapped at the edge of a cliff. Spotting the White Castle below, Harold and Kumar use a hang glider from the truck to reach their destination. The pair place their orders but find they have no money. Harris appears, apologizes for his actions and provides them with cash for their meal and for repairs to Harold\'s car. Kumar realizes he wants to be a doctor, but is afraid of conforming to the stereotype of Indians becoming doctors. As Kumar is talking Harold notices his co-workers pull up with two women and becomes angry because they said they had to work with clients that night but in reality were out partying. He confronts them for leaving their work to him, and threatens to get them fired and humiliated if it happens again. After returning to their apartment building they encounter Maria in the hallway, waiting for the elevator. Harold professes his love for her and they kiss. She informs Harold that she is leaving to visit Amsterdam but that they will talk when she returns ten days later. Kumar convinces Harold to go with him to Amsterdam to pursue Maria, reminding him that marijuana is legal in the Netherlands.'] ['The film takes place in the fictitious Chicago suburb of Shermer, Illinois, as two high school nerds, Gary Wallace  and Wyatt Donnelly  are in their high school gym watching a group of girls practicing their gymnastics routines. The two boys are lamenting their lot in life and fantasizing about being popular and being able to attract girls. The scene ends when the two geeks are pantsed by school bullies, Ian  and Max .  The action then cuts to Wyatt\'s house, where the boys have the house to themselves because Wyatt\'s parents went to Cincinnati for the weekend to meet Wyatt\'s sister Chloe\'s fiance. Inspired by the film Frankenstein, the boys decide to create a "virtual" and "perfect" woman on their home computer . They design their "perfect" woman by filling their computer with various forms of data and images. When their computer reaches capacity, they decide to hack into a government mainframe for more processing power and data storage capacity. As a finishing touch they connect a Barbie doll to Wyatt\'s computer through a series of wires and electrodes. At the exact moment they hit "enter" to execute their program, a lightning bolt strikes their house leading to a series of supernatural occurrences. The scene ends with a violent explosion and when the smoke clears a beautiful woman  emerges from Wyatt\'s bathroom. Her first words to the boys are "so, what would you little maniacs like to do first?" In addition to being totally devoted to them, this woman has a number of superhuman abilities, such as memory manipulation, molecular manipulation, and reality warping. Despite her willingness to be everything Wyatt and Gary wanted, the boys are too intimidated to take advantage of the opportunities presented by her appearance, as when they keep their jeans on while showering with her. Realizing that the boys need to lower some of their inhibitions, she transmogrifies their poorly-styled outfits into more flattering clothes before taking them out for a night on the town in a pink 1959 Cadillac convertible that she conjures out of thin air. After the boys name her Lisa, she conjures fake identification for the boys, and takes them to a blues club. Although initially uncomfortable in these new surroundings, the trio eventually end up ingratiating themselves to the staff and some regulars, in part with the help of alcohol, staying until late at night. As the trio head home, Lisa asks Wyatt what he will do about his older brother, Chet , a brash military school student who physically and emotionally abuses him, and extorts blackmail money as well, as he does when he brings the inebriated Gary home past his curfew. After putting Gary to bed, Wyatt shares a kiss with Lisa. When Wyatt begs Lisa to stay out of sight so that Chet does not see her, she tells him that he cannot hide in fear from his own brother, but does as Wyatt asks. When Chet appears, he further harasses and extorts more money from Wyatt when he sees Wyatt wearing Lisa\'s purple panties. At a shopping mall, Gary and Wyatt, feeling secure after their time with Lisa, are humiliated again by Ian and Max, who dump an Icees onto them in front of the whole mall, upsetting their own girlfriends, Deb  and Hilly . Ian and Max offer an insincere apology to their girlfriends, who relent because Ian and Max have high social standing at school, and do not wish to give up that privilege themselves. Ian and Max then spot Lisa on the escalator and abandon the girls to run after her. When they catch up with her, she invites them to a party at Wyatt\'s. Gary then pulls up in a Porsche 928 and he, Wyatt, and Lisa leave together, to Ian and Max\'s chagrin. The milquetoast Wyatt begs Lisa to cancel the party, but she refuses, pointing out that it will lead to the popularity that he and Gary wanted. She then picks up Gary at his house, but when Gary\'s parents, Al  and Lucy , object to Gary going out with a woman Lisa\'s age, Lisa stands up to Gary\'s father, pointing a gun at him, and manipulates their memories so that Lucy forgets the incident, and Al forgets he has a son. In shock over this turn of events on the ride back to Wyatt\'s house, Lisa tries to lighten the moment by shooting Gary in the face with the gun, revealing it to be a water pistol. Back at the house, the boys are skeptical that anyone will show up because they have no friends, but when the doorbell rings, a crowd of teenagers is present, and the party begins. Gary and Wyatt, however, still too intimidated to socialize, lock themselves in the bathroom. At the party are Ian, Max, Deb, and Hilly. Deb and Hilly meet Gary and Wyatt in the bathroom, shocked to discover that they, not Lisa, are the hosts of the party. Meanwhile, Max and Ian, after being belittled by the man tending bar, encounter Lisa, and try to make a pass at her. She refuses, explaining that she "belongs" to Gary and Wyatt, and does whatever they say. Ian and Max then scheme to offer Gary and Wyatt permission to date their own girlfriends in exchange for dating Lisa, leading Gary and Wyatt to explain how they created her, and an attempt to recreate the process in Wyatt\'s bedroom with the computer. They forget, however, to connect the computer to a Barbie doll, instead leaving it clamped to a Time magazine on whose cover is Pershing medium-range ballistic missile. As soon as the machine starts up, the kitchen turns blue, a painting starts dancing, the chimney proceeds to suck up all the furniture in the living room and launch it into the lake out back, and the "Weird Science" song starts playing. The missile, like Lisa, becomes real and ends up emerging in the middle of Wyatt\'s house from underground. When Gary and Wyatt are dejected by this, Lisa decides to provoke a confrontation in order to spur them to stand up for themselves. She conjures a group of mutant bikers to disrupt the party. At first the bikers intimidate and humiliate Gary and Wyatt, but after they accost Deb and Hilly, Gary and Wyatt stand up to the mutants, with Gary producing the gun that Lisa used earlier with his parents. After forcing the mutants to leave, Gary assures Wyatt that the gun is a water pistol by firing it, but when a real bullet fires out of it, everyone present, including Deb and Hilly, are impressed by the boys. They end up pairing off, Gary with Deb, and Wyatt with Hilly. The following morning, Chet returns, and is outraged by the state of the house, in particular his bedroom , and further terrorizes Wyatt and his friends. Lisa, however, instructs Gary and Wyatt to take Deb and Hilly home, and then confronts Chet, informing him that he will no longer threaten, abuse or extort money from Wyatt, much to Chet\'s amusement. Gary and Wyatt take the girls home, each one sharing a kiss with his new girlfriend, though they are left with the question of what to do with Lisa. Back at the house, Lisa has transformed Chet into a squat, green, grotesque creature, humbling him enough to apologize to Wyatt. They then speak to Lisa, who understands that the boys now have girlfriends, which is all she ever wanted for them. After saying their goodbyes, she disappears in a cloud of smoke and the damage to the house, along with Chet\'s transformation, is immediately reversed, just in time for the return of Wyatt\'s parents. In the epilogue, a group of male high school gym students socialize, until they hear the new gym teacher\'s whistle. When their teacher turns out to be Lisa, dressed in form-hugging leotard and a cutoff T-shirt, the entire class of boys faint and Lisa looks to the camera and winks.'] ['Two old friends who fell out of touch are reunited by a chance meeting in post-9/11 New York City. When the Twin Towers went down on that fateful morning in 2001, Charlie Fineman  lost everything important in his life. Five years have passed since Charlie\'s wife and daughters died, and now the once-successful and sociable man has become a withdrawn shadow of his former self. When fate brings Charlie and his former college roommate Alan Johnson  together once again on a Manhattan street corner, Alan is shocked to see just how far his old friend has fallen. Charlie\'s hair is long and he wears headphones constantly to let music drown out the horrifying memories and images in his mind. Though on the surface it would appear that Alan, a successful dentist, has it all, the pressures of a family and career have been weighing heavily on him. At a pivotal moment when Charlie and Alan both need a trusted friend, the restorative power of a rekindled friendship provides a lifeline needed to move forward. Alan endeavors to bring Charlie out of his shell by convincing him to see a therapist . Charlie is barely communicative, however, ending their sessions after only a couple of minutes. His therapist says he needs to tell the story about his family to someone eventually. Charlie soon tells Alan his tragic story, but afterwards tries to commit suicide by cop and ends up in a sanitarium. Legal proceedings commence, where a judge  must determine whether to commit Charlie to psychiatric care against his will. The judge leaves the decision to Charlie\'s in-laws, asking them to think of what their daughter would want for Charlie. They decide that he should not be committed; instead, Charlie moves to a new apartment, leaving behind the painful memories associated with his former home. At the end of the film, Alan visits Charlie for the day and his wife calls and tells him "I love you and just want you to come home."'] [' Celebrating his impending marriage to Tracy Garner, Doug Billings and his friends Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, and Tracy\'s brother Alan travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party, staying at Caesars Palace. The next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night and Doug is nowhere to be found. Stu is missing a tooth, their hotel suite is in disarray, a tiger is in their bathroom, and a baby is in the closet. They find Doug\'s mattress impaled on a statue outside of their hotel and when they ask for their Mercedes, the valet delivers a police cruiser. Following clues to their steps, the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with rohypnol, causing their memory loss, and that they came to the hospital from a chapel. At the chapel they learn that Stu married a stripper, Jade, despite having a long-term relationship with his mean-spirited girlfriend, Melissa. Outside the chapel, the trio are attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone. They flee and visit Jade, discovering that she is the mother of the baby, before being arrested by the police. Having been told that the Mercedes has been impounded, the trio is released when they volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration. While driving the Mercedes, they discover a naked man in the trunk who attacks them and flees. Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night, thinking the drug to be ecstasy. Returning to their villa, they find Mike Tyson, who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately. Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining rohypnol and they drive towards Tyson\'s home in the Mercedes, but the tiger attacks them and damages the car\'s interior. After pushing the car the rest of the way to avoid the tiger, Tyson shows the trio footage of them stealing the tiger to help them locate Doug. While driving, their car is struck by another vehicle intentionally; the passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel and their boss, Leslie Chow – the naked man from their trunk – who accuses the trio of stealing $80,000 of his money and kidnapping him. Chow says he has their friend, and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned. Unaware of the location of Chow\'s $80,000, Alan, with help from Stu and Jade, uses his knowledge of card counting to win $82,400 playing Blackjack. They meet with Chow and exchange the money, only to find that "Doug" is the drug dealer who inadvertently sold Alan the roofies. With the wedding occurring in hours, Phil tells Tracy they cannot find Doug. Following a conversation with "Black Doug", Stu realizes where Doug is. The trio travel back to their hotel where they find Doug on the roof, moved there on his mattress while he was asleep, as a practical joke by Stu, Phil and Alan. Before leaving, Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week. With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights available, the foursome race home, with Doug revealing he has possession of Chow\'s original $80,000. Despite their late arrival, Doug and Tracy are married and Stu breaks up with Melissa after having grown tired of her controlling his life. As the reception ends, Alan finds Stu\'s digital camera detailing the events they cannot remember and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits.'] ['{{plot}} During haltime of a live-televised professional football game, L.A. Stallions star wide receiver Billy Cole  receives a phone call from someone named Milo , warning him to win the game or die. Cole ingests PCP and, in a drug-induced rage, brings a gun onto the field, shooting three opposing players to make it to the end zone. Cole shoots himself in the head. Joe Hallenbeck , a disgraced former U.S. Secret Service agent-turned private investigator, discovers that his wife ([[Chelsea Field  is having an affair with his best friend and sometime business partner, Mike Matthews . Hallenbeck\'s indifference frustrates his wife, who only did it to get his attention. Outside Joe\'s house, Mike is killed by a car bomb, after giving Joe an assignment to act as bodyguard for a stripper named Cory . At the bar where Cory works, Joe crosses paths with her boyfriend, former L.A. Stallions star quarterback James "Jimmy" Alexander Dix , who was banned from the league for sports gambling. After an argument where Joe and Jimmy scuffle, an annoyed Jimmy takes Cory away. Joe decides to wait outside, when he is attacked by hitmen. As Joe turns the tables on his would-be assassin, Jimmy and Cory leave the bar in separate cars. When Cory is hit from behind and stops to confront the other driver, she is shot dead by hitmen in the car. Jimmy is fired upon and pinned down, but is saved by Joe. The next day at Cory\'s house, Jimmy and Joe find evidence of a phone conversation between the chairman of the Senate committee to investigate gambling in sports, Sen. Calvin Baynard , and L.A. Stallions team owner Sheldon "Shelly" Marcone . Joe reveals his hostile relationship with the Senator, having been assigned to him in the Secret Service and is the reason he is no longer an agent. When the recorded evidence is ruined in Joe\'s faulty car stereo, Jimmy sullenly realizes that Cory tried using the evidence as leverage against Marcone to get his job back on the team, prompting Marcone to send the hitmen. Jimmy leaves to drive home in Cory\'s other car, but Joe correctly assumes Marcone had her other car wired to explode. Two hitmen arrive wanting the evidence Cory had, and Joe tricks them into blowing up the car, killing themselves along with the rest of the evidence. Joe and Jimmy then form an unlikely alliance to bring down Marcone. Joe takes Jimmy home and meets his abrasive daughter Darian . When Jimmy attempts to use illegal painkillers in the bathroom, Joe furiously kicks him out. As Jimmy leaves, Darian asks him to sign a football trading card featuring Jimmy Dix. As he signs, she reveals that Joe had been a fan of his before he got busted. He leaves her with the signed card, "To the daughter of the last Boy Scout." The next morning, the police, having learned of Mike\'s affair with Joe\'s wife, decide Joe must have killed Mike for revenge and move to arrest him. But Milo, Marcone\'s top henchman, captures Joe first. Marcone explains to Joe that Baynard holds the deciding vote to legalize sports gambling, and when Marcone tried to buy his vote, Baynard blackmailed Marcone, demanding $5 million or he\'d go to the police. Explaining it would be cheaper to kill the Senator, aware of Joe\'s history with him, Marcone informs Joe of his intention to frame him for Baynard\'s murder. Joe is taken to a wooded area where he is photographed handing a briefcase containing money to Baynard\'s bodyguards. The money is then switched in the trunk with a wired briefcase. Joe is rescued by Jimmy and Darian and they manage to acquire both briefcases after running the bodyguards and Milo off the road; however, Milo survives and kidnaps Darian after Joe leaves her to wait for the police. Heading to Marcone\'s stadium office to save Darian, they are caught, but Jimmy creates a diversion, allowing them to fight their way free. Knowing Milo will attempt to shoot Baynard, Joe goes after Milo while sending Jimmy to warn Baynard. Grabbing the game ball, Jimmy throws it at Baynard, knocking him down just as Milo starts shooting. Joe knocks Milo to the edge of the stadium light platform, where police shoot him several times, causing him to fall into the blades of a circling helicopter. Joe and his wife decide to reconcile. The suitcase of money is recovered and the fleeing Marcone, having escaped with the rigged briefcase, is killed when he opens it. At the end of the film Joe and Jimmy decide to become partners.'] ['The film opens with a montage of news clips of Civil Rights Movement and Vietnam War protests while The Lennon Sisters cover of "My Favorite Things" plays over them, before cutting to Raoul Duke  and Dr. Gonzo  speeding across the Nevada desert. Duke, under the influence of mescaline, complains of a swarm of giant bats, before going through the pair\'s inventory of psychoactive drugs. Shortly afterward, the duo stop to pick up a young hitchhiker , and explain what they are doing. Duke has been assigned by an unnamed magazine to travel to Las Vegas and cover the Mint 400 motorcycle race. However, they have also decided to take advantage of the trip by purchasing a large number of drugs, and rent a Cadillac Eldorado convertible. The young man soon becomes terrified of the antics of the duo, and flees on foot. Trying to reach Vegas before the hitchhiker can go to the police, Gonzo gives Duke a tab of "Sunshine Acid", then informs him that there is little chance of making it before the drug kicks in. By the time they reach the strip, Duke is in full throes of his trip, and barely makes it through the check-in; all the while hallucinating that the hotel clerk is a moray eel, and that his fellow bar patrons are lizards in the depths of an orgy. The next day, Duke arrives at the race, and heads out with his photographer, a man by the name of Lacerda . During the coverage, Duke becomes irrational and believes that they are in the middle of a battlefield, so he fires Lacerda, and returns to the hotel. After consuming more mescaline, as well as huffing diethyl ether, Duke and Gonzo arrive at the Bazooko Circus casino, but leave shortly afterwards, the chaotic atmosphere frightening Gonzo. Back in the hotel room, Duke leaves Gonzo unattended, and tries his luck at a quick round of roulette. When Duke returns, he finds that Gonzo, after consuming a full sheet of LSD, has trashed the room, and is sitting fully clothed in the bathtub, attempting to pull the tape player in with him, as he wants to hear the song better. He pleads with Duke to throw the machine into the water when the song "White Rabbit" peaks. Duke agrees, but instead throws a grapefruit at Gonzo\'s head before running outside. The next morning, Duke awakes to a massive room service bill, and no sign of Gonzo , and attempts to leave town. As he nears Baker, California, a highway patrolman  pulls him over for speeding, and advises him to sleep at a nearby rest stop. Realizing that he is being set up, Duke instead decides to return to Las Vegas, and reads a telegram from Gonzo, informing him that he has a suite in his name at the Flamingo Las Vegas so he can cover a District Attorney\'s convention on narcotics. Duke checks into his suite, only to be met by an LSD-tripping Gonzo, and a young girl by the name of Lucy  he has brought with him. Gonzo explains that Lucy has come to Las Vegas to meet Barbra Streisand, and that he fed her LSD on the plane without her knowing. Sensing the trouble this could get them into, Duke convinces Gonzo to ditch Lucy in another hotel before her trip wears off. Gonzo accompanies Duke to the D.A.\'s convention, and the pair discreetly snort cocaine as the guest speaker delivers a comically out-of-touch speech about "marijuana addicts" before showing a brief film. Unable to take it, Duke and Gonzo flee back to their room, only to discover that Lucy has called. Their trips mostly over, Gonzo deals with Lucy over the phone , as Duke attempts to mellow out by trying some of Gonzo\'s stash of adrenochrome. However, the trip spirals out of control, and Duke is reduced to an incoherent mess before he blacks out. After an unspecified amount of time passes, Duke wakes up to a complete ruin of the once pristine suite. After discovering his tape recorder, he attempts to remember what has happened. As he listens, he has brief memories of the general mayhem that has taken place . Duke drops Gonzo off at the airport, after missing the entrance, driving across the tarmac and pulling up right next to the plane, before returning to the hotel one last time to finish his article. The film ends with Duke speeding back to California as The Rolling Stones\' "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" plays over the credits.'] ['Ignacio is the son of a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon. They tried to convert each other but got married instead, then died while Ignacio was young. Now Ignacio is a cook for the monastery. However, he dreams of becoming a luchador ; but wrestling is forbidden by the monastery. Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans, but his food is terrible due to a lack of funds with which to obtain quality ingredients. One night, he is robbed of the orphans\' tortilla chips in an alley, and decides to make money to buy better food. He also reveals a desire to be respected by the other friars, to overcome a sanctimonious friar who mistreats him, and consummate his feelings for the newly arrived tutor, Sister Encarnación. Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery\'s rules and becomes a Luchador in order to make money. He pairs up with the tortilla chip thief, Steven, and they pair as tag partners and join the local competition, with Ignacio changing his name to "Nacho" to keep his identity secret. Steven adopts the name "Esqueleto" ; Nacho and Esqueleto are defeated in their first match, but are nevertheless paid, as every wrestler is entitled to a portion of the total revenue, and they continue to wrestle every week, with Ignacio using his pay to buy and prepare better food for the orphans. Ignacio is, however, discovered by an orphan named "Chancho" , who promises to keep it a secret and admires him for it. However, after losing many fights, Ignacio starts to look for help. Steven brings him to a gypsy-like man known as "Emperor" who tells Ignacio to climb to an eagle\'s nest, crack open the egg, and swallow the yolk, claiming that he will gain the powers of an eagle. Ignacio completes the task, but still loses the following night\'s wrestling bout. He decides to seek advice from Ramses, a champion luchador. However, when he sneaks into a party and gets thrown out, and later when Ramses shoves him after meeting him in the street, he realizes Ramses is not to be admired. But to be hated. Ignacio\'s secret is revealed when his robe catches fire during a prayer, exposing his wrestling costume. He admits that he is Nacho, intends to fight at the "Battle-Jam", a battle royale between eight luchadores, for the right to take on Ramses, and for a cash prize, which he will use to make life better for the orphans. Thereafter both Esqueleto and Nacho compete with several other popular wrestlers in order to earn the right to challenge Ramses. The wrestler Silencio  wins; Nacho, due to the actions of an already beaten wrestler, comes in second place. Feeling shunned at the monastery, Ignacio leaves to live in the nearby wilderness. In the morning, Steven comes to tell him that Silencio\'s bunions are swollen and therefore cannot fight Ramses; he will, therefore, have to fight instead. It is revealed that Silencio\'s injury was caused because Steven had driven over his foot with a tricycle. Ignacio is distrustful of Steven, as he had previously stated that he hated orphans. Steven convinces him that he no longer does. Ignacio agrees to team up again. That night, Ignacio sends a message via Steven to Encarnación, explaining his plan and confessing his love to her . In the match, Nacho does well despite initial difficulty. With the crowd supporting Ignacio, Ramses resorts to cheating. Nacho then is nearly defeated - indeed, unmasked - by Ramses. . Encarnación then enters with the orphans. Elated and inspired, Nacho throws Ramses off, knocks him out of the ring, and jumps onto him with a flair recalling his earlier brush with eagle eggs and their supposed power. Ramses is defeated and Ignacio uses his prize money to buy a bus for field trips for the children. The film closes with Ignacio, Steven, and Sister Encarnación take the children to see an ancient city, Monte Albán, built by the Zapotec civilization. Ignacio, by now, has earned Encarnación\'s favor, as demonstrated by her signs of encouragement and his somewhat awkward acknowledgment thereof.'] ["A group of thieves calling themselves the Santa Claus gang are wreaking havoc, and the Marseille police are, as usual, unable to keep up. Superintendent Gibert  is distracted by a Chinese journalist  writing a story on his squad. Detective Emilien's wife, Petra, has just announced that she's pregnant and taxi driver Daniel  is in the midst of a relationship crisis. His long-suffering girlfriend Lilly has walked out on him after finding him customising his taxi at four o'clock in the morning, and complaining that their house has become a mere garage. After a string of mistakes in which the thieves outsmart the police time and time again, a journalist is kidnapped. It is revealed that the journalist is the leader of the Santa Claus gang. The police go in search, but Emilien is captured after another botched attempt to arrest them. The journalist sets a trap; she leaves Emilien tied to a chair in an old warehouse, directly in the path of a giant ball which will crush him five minutes later. At the very last moment, Daniel rushes in with his taxi and rescues him. They track the gang to their hideout in the Swiss mountains, where the journalist and her accomplices are arrested by a crack team of Alpine troops. Gibert lands in an ice-bound lake after leaping from an aircraft with them. Petra gives birth, Daniel proposes to Lilly and a Gibert is seen being pushed around in a wheelchair covered in ice."] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs  and Roger Murtaugh  arrive at an evacuated building believed to have a bomb in it. Against orders, they go inside to investigate the bomb. Riggs decides to deactivate the bomb himself instead of waiting for the Bomb Squad to arrive. Unfortunately, he causes the bomb to detonate and the whole building to collapse. This causes them to be demoted to uniform duties, which upsets Murtaugh because he only has seven days until retirement. While on street patrol, the two thwart a robbery using a duplicate armored car, although they only manage to catch one of the two would-be thieves. During the arrest, it is discovered the criminals were armed with a new type of armor-piercing bullet, informally referred to as "cop killers". For their efforts in stopping the raid, Riggs and Murtaugh are reinstated as Detectives by their superior, Captain Murphy . Murphy introduces internal affairs Sergeant Lorna Cole  to the two detectives and informs them that the suspect they have in custody from the raid is a known associate of former LAPD Lieutenant and suspected arms dealer: Jack Travis . In the meantime, the other criminal who escaped is brought before Travis who is conducting a business meeting with mobster Tyrone  to account for his actions which have led to police heat being focused on Travis\' arms business. Travis has his henchman throw the thief into a pit and has it filled with cement so as to display to Tyrone what happens to anyone who might double-cross him. Travis then goes to the county lockup, using his still valid police badge, gains access to the other raider, and executes him. Travis is unaware that he has committed this execution on camera, and when Cole and Riggs arrive on the scene, they are able to identify him using the footage. Back at the precinct Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole are reviewing the footage of the execution when they are interrupted by Leo Getz  who has dropped by to visit his two old buddies. When the detectives put the footage on pause to talk to Leo, Leo manages to recognise Travis and tells them where he can be found. A botched attempt to publicly arrest Travis follows, although the detectives believe that they may now have a lead to Travis\' arms warehouse. En route to rendezvous with Cole at the warehouse, Murtaugh and Riggs come under fire from Tyrone\'s thugs. Murtaugh kills one of them, Darryl, a young man that Murtaugh\'s son Nick had recently been emulating. Murtaugh, visibly distraught, stays at the scene and Riggs continues on to meet Cole. At the warehouse, Riggs and Cole are attacked by Travis\'s henchmen and the two detectives gain the upper hand, secure most of the armament shipment, and the same evening they fall in love. After learning from Rianne that Murtaugh had become withdrawn over the shooting of Darryl, Riggs confronts Murtaugh on his boat and after a tense exchange of words, he helps Murtaugh get over his guilt. At Darryl\'s funeral, his father implores Murtaugh to catch the man who put the gun in his son\'s hands. Riggs, Cole and Murtaugh arrest and interrogate Tyrone learning his weapons come from Jack Travis and raid a garage with more people working for Travis. Travis, no longer able to procure weapons through police arms dumps due to being exposed on the footage from the execution, has Captain Murphy kidnapped in a bid to use his clearance to gain access to the arms dumps. After having Leo work on getting information about a construction site that the garage workers were connected with, Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole realize Travis\' plan when Cole notices information has been hacked from the police computer, and they head to the LAPD arms dump to stop him. A major firefight breaks out at the arms dump between the detectives, their support, and Travis\' men. Murphy manages to free himself, and most of Travis\' men are either killed or apprehended. Travis manages to escape, and Riggs and Murtaugh vow to catch him. With the construction site details provided by Leo, the three depart for the construction site. At the construction site, the detectives come under heavy fire and eventually manage to destroy most of the site and Travis\' men. Travis is himself shot and killed by Riggs with his own armor-piercing bullets, after Travis shoots and wounds Cole and attempts to finish her off. Cole, however, manages to survive because she took the extra precaution of wearing two bullet-proof vests, and she and Riggs admit that they would like to get more serious with each other. On his retirement day, Roger tells his family, who start celebrating his retirement, that he has decided to remain with the force, preserving his partnership with Riggs; a choice which his family slowly comes to accept. After the credits roll, Riggs and Murtaugh pass a hotel which is under a bomb threat, and Riggs decides to take another try at disarming the charge. But before they can even get out of the car, the building blows up, forcing Riggs and Murtaugh to drive for their lives and their careers under the exasperated groan, "I\'m too old for this shit."'] ['Malcolm Smith  wins a brand new automobile at a raffle. Steve Wiley , a gambler from New York, obtains a counterfeit of the winning ticket and also claims that the car is his. The raffle\'s manager declares them both winners and that they can split the car any way that they want. Steve wants to sell the car, but Malcolm wants to drive it to Hollywood to meet the actress Anita Ekberg. Steve claims to know her and agrees to drive to Hollywood with Malcolm, secretly planning to steal the car. Malcolm brings along his dog, a huge Great Dane named Mr. Bascomb who foils Steve in his many attempts to make off with the car. Along the way they pick up Terry , an aspiring dancer, who has a job for her waiting in Las Vegas. Once there, Malcolm gets his "lucky feeling" and wins $10,000 at a casino. In addition, the woman of his dreams, Anita Ekberg, is also at the hotel and Malcolm finally gets to meet her, with hilarious results. Steve begins to show a change of heart. He not only agrees to go along with Malcolm to Hollywood without stealing the car, but he also proposes to Terry. Malcolm spoils the mood by telling them that he no longer has any of his casino winnings, having used it on a gift for Anita. Steve decides to retrieve the gift and they head to Paramount Pictures to locate her. After some back-lot adventures, they find Anita, who agrees to return the gift in exchange for the services of Mr. Bascomb in her next movie.'] ['Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga , and the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent . Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Tsarevich Ivan Romanov . However, Ivan\'s advisor, Ludmilla , finds Bartok annoying and naive, and she tries to make a cossack stop his performance. After Bartok\'s show, a bear suddenly attacks. Bartok saves everyone by stunning the bear, knocking it over, and trapping it in a wagon. Delighted with Bartok\'s bravery, everyone around him rewards him with gold, including Prince Ivan, who gives him a royal ring, much to the displeasure of Ludmilla, who reminds him that the ring is only for members of the Romanov family, not commoners. She asks that he take the ring back, but Ivan disagrees, saying it is time for a change. Ludmilla, seeing that she cannot dissuade him, reluctantly allows it and they leave. Ludmilla is still upset that Ivan has given a ring to a commoner, especially a street performer. Ivan retorts that that was his intention, and Ivan\'s friend Vol  agrees that Bartok was funny. Ludmilla, on the other hand, believes that Ivan needs to respect his duty to the crown, which incites Ivan, who is tired of listening to her, to say that he will do as he pleases and it is she who must respect the crown. Meanwhile, Bartok is counting the money he received when the bear wakes up and scares him. It turns out Bartok\'s amazing rescue was just another act - the bear is Zozi , Bartok\'s business partner. Zozi is apprehensive about Ivan\'s ring and agrees with Ludmilla, that the ring should be returned. Bartok stubbornly refuses to give it back since it was a gift. Back in Moscow, Ivan is kidnapped by Baba Yaga, which leads to an immediate investigation. Ludmilla finds one of Baba Yaga\'s iron teeth, and she informs the people what has transpired. When she asks for someone brave enough to rescue Prince Ivan, two children  nominate Bartok. Bartok and Zozi are on their way to St. Petersburg when Zozi spots the Cossacks coming after them. The pair become worried because they assume that Ludmilla wants Ivan\'s ring returned. Bartok tries to conceal his identity, but he is brought before the people, who explain that Ivan has been taken by Baba Yaga, and that they are relying on him to rescue their prince. Bartok reluctantly accepts, and he and Zozi head to the Iron Forest to confront Baba Yaga and save Prince Ivan. They find Baba Yaga\'s hut, but must answer a riddle given by a giant skull  to enter. When the riddle is answered, Baba Yaga successfully captures Bartok and explains that to save Ivan, Bartok must gather three items from the forest without any help from Zozi, or they\'ll "both die": Piloff, Oblie\'s Crown, and the Magic Feather. However, these tasks are very hard, for Piloff  is frozen to a boulder, Oble , a giant blacksmith surrounded by an aura of fire, must be tricked into letting his crown to be stolen, and the magic feather must be caught without flight, using only the boulder Piloff was stuck to and Oblie\'s crown. He gathers the objects demanded, but Baba Yaga still needs something from Bartok himself. He offers everything he can think of, but Baba Yaga rejects everything and bursts out laughing. Bartok, outraged, begins to yell, and he upsets Baba Yaga by accusing her of lying and cheating, and claiming that everyone hates her. After he apologizes to her, he starts crying and Baba gets the most important ingredient: tears which are from Bartok\'s heart. She makes a magic potion from the items she had Bartok collect and reveals that she never took Prince Ivan and that the potion she made was meant for Bartok himself. Baba Yaga explains that when Bartok drinks the potion, whatever he is in his heart will show ten times in his exterior. Bartok and Zozi return to town and lead Ludmilla and Vol up to the top of the tower where Ivan is imprisoned. However, when they arrive, Ludmilla locks Bartok and Vol up with Ivan and reveals she had Vol kidnap the prince  while she framed Baba Yaga as part of her scheme to take the Russian throne. She steals Bartok\'s magic potion and leaves Bartok, Ivan, and Vol trapped in a well tower filling up with water. She drinks it, believing her beauty will become tenfold, singing "The Real Ludmilla Comes Out" as she descends the tower. Unbeknownst to her, the potion causes her to steadily transform into an enormous dragon. Upon this discovery, the incensed woman goes on a rampage through Moscow, setting many buildings alight with her fire breath. Zozi then comes to the rescue, saving Bartok, Vol, and the Prince. Bartok battles Ludmilla and tricks her into climbing the tower. When it gets to the top, the tower starts to become unstable and causes the top of the tower to fall, flooding the streets and dousing the flames. As the townspeople gather around Ludmilla\'s dead body, Zozi reveals that Bartok is a true hero not only because he stopped Ludmilla but because he showed Baba Yaga compassion. Bartok returns Ivan\'s ring and Baba Yaga appears, writing "Bartok, The Magnificent" in the sky. Bartok gives Baba Yaga a goodbye hug as she and Pillof depart.'] ['  In 1947, cartoon characters, commonly called "toons", are living beings who act out cartoons in the same way that human actors make live-action production. Toons interact freely with humans and live in Toontown, an area near Hollywood, California. R. K. Maroon is the human owner of Maroon Cartoon studios; Roger Rabbit is a fun-loving toon rabbit, one of Maroon\'s stars; Roger\'s wife Jessica is a gorgeous toon woman; and Baby Herman is Roger\'s costar, a 50-year-old toon who looks like an infant. Marvin Acme is the practical joke-loving owner of Toontown and the Acme Corporation. Maroon hires private detective Eddie Valiant to investigate rumors that Jessica is having an affair. Eddie and his brother Teddy used to be friends of the toon community, but Eddie has hated them, and has been drinking heavily, since his brother Teddy was killed by a toon a few years earlier. When he shows Roger photographs of Jessica "cheating" on him by playing patty-cake with Acme, Roger becomes distraught and runs away. This makes him the main suspect when Acme is found murdered the next day. At the crime scene, Eddie meets Judge Doom and his Toon Patrol of weasel henchmen. Although toons are impervious to physical abuse, Doom has discovered that they can be killed by submerging them in a mixture of solvents he refers to as "Dip." Baby Herman insists that Acme\'s will, which is missing, bequeaths Toontown to the toons. If the will is not found by midnight, Toontown will be sold to Cloverleaf Industries, which recently bought the Pacific Electric system of trolley cars. One of Eddie\'s photos shows the will in Acme\'s pocket, proving Baby Herman\'s claim. After Roger shows up at his office professing his innocence, Eddie investigates the case with help from his girlfriend Dolores while hiding Roger from the Toon Patrol. Jessica tells Eddie that Maroon blackmailed her into compromising Acme, and Eddie learns that Maroon is selling his studio to Cloverleaf. Maroon explains to Eddie that Cloverleaf will not buy his studio unless they can also buy Acme\'s gag-making factory. His plan was to use the photos to blackmail Acme into selling. Before he can say more, he is killed by an unseen assassin and Eddie sees Jessica fleeing the scene. Thinking that she is the killer, Eddie pursues her into Toontown. When he finds her, she explains that Doom killed Maroon and Acme in an attempt to take over Toontown. Eddie, Jessica, and Roger are captured by Doom and his weasels and held at the Acme Factory, where Doom reveals his plan. Since he owns Cloverleaf and Acme\'s will has yet to turn up, he will take control of Toontown and destroy it with a mobile Dip-sprayer to make room for a freeway, then force people to use it by dismantling the trolley fleet and make a fortune through a series of businesses built to appeal to the motorists. With Roger and Jessica tied up, Eddie performs a vaudeville act that makes the weasels literally die of laughter and confronts Doom. Doom survives being run over by a steamroller, revealing that he himself is a toon and admitting that he killed Teddy. Eddie eventually dissolves Doom in Dip by opening the drain on the Dip machine. As toons and the police arrive, Eddie discovers that an apparently blank piece of paper on which Roger wrote a love poem to Jessica is actually Acme\'s will, written in disappearing/reappearing ink. Eddie kisses Roger—proving that he has regained his sense of humor—and the toons celebrate their victory.'] ['Dancing instructors Laurel and Hardy decide to help a young inventor promote a new invisible ray gun that will help conquer the Germans during World War II.'] ['Set in Manhattan in the early 1940s, the film focuses on the relationship between Joseph Mitchell, a writer for The New Yorker, and Joe Gould, an aging, bearded, disheveled bohemian and Harvard University graduate who wanders through the streets of Greenwich Village carrying a tattered portfolio and demanding donations to "The Joe Gould Fund." At times Gould is calmly sweet and perceptive, at others he\'s a pathological liar and an obnoxious drunk, and he frequently experiences sudden outbursts of rage. Earning occasional financial support from poet e.e. cummings, portrait painter Alice Neel, Village Vanguard founder Max Gordon, and art gallery owner Vivian Marquie, among others, Gould is able to secure a nightly room in flophouses until an anonymous benefactor arranges accommodations in a residential hotel for him. Gould allegedly is collecting the observations of average citizens to incorporate into his oral history of the world, fragments of which he has given to various people for safekeeping. Mitchell meets him in a coffee shop and initially is fascinated by the colorful character. However, with the passage of time, as Gould becomes irritatingly intrusive and demanding, disrupting the ordinary life Mitchell shares with his photographer wife and their two daughters, the journalist begins to question if the elderly man\'s 9 million-word opus actually exists or is merely a figment of his imagination.'] ['Spring Forward is the story of the burgeoning friendship between two very different men, Murphy and Paul, who work for the parks department in a quaint New England town. Paul is a short-tempered, ex-convict recently released from prison for armed robbery, who is exploring his spiritual side hoping for atonement and a second chance. On his first day working in parks maintenance he is partnered with Murphy, a veteran groundskeeper, facing his advancing age and impending retirement. The day gets off to a rough start when Paul clashes with a condescending local business heir over a materials donation, loses his cool, announces he is quitting, and stalks off into the woods berating himself for always ruining everything. Murphy follows him, defuses Paul\'s outburst and convinces him to stay. Against the backdrop of the changing seasons the relationship between the men strengthens and develops more as father and son, poignant in contrast to Murphy\'s relationship with his dying homosexual son, whose impending death causes Murphy to doubt his past as a father and a man. Working together through mundane days and personal crisis they share their lives, hopes, ambitions and regrets, as Paul learns to find stability and calm in his life and Murphy achieves acceptance and forgiveness for his mistakes. The film ends with Paul presenting Murphy with a hamsa as a retirement gift and to signify the "helping hand" that Murphy has provided him through the past year.'] ["Chris Pepper  and Charlie Salt  own a nightclub in Swinging London, operating under the suspicious eye of the intrepid Inspector Crabbe. One night, Pepper finds an Asian girl on the floor of the club. Assuming she's drunk or high, he makes a date with her and thinks she responds. It turns out the girl is dying, and her death sets off a chain of events that puts the unlucky Salt and Pepper onto a plot to overthrow the British government, with the girl's dying words the key."] ["Steve Jackson , a blue-collar worker at a steel mill, has just begun a two-weeks-long vacation. He is convinced by his friend Wardell Franklin  to go to a party that Saturday night at Madam Zenobia's, an uptown nightclub. While the two are at the party, the club is robbed. The masked bandits force the patrons to strip to their underwear, then steal their money and jewellery, including Steve's wallet. The following day, Steve is at home and reading his newspaper when he learns he has won the lottery. However, he realizes that the lottery ticket was in the wallet that was stolen from him, and Steve and Wardell spend the remainder of the film tracking down his wallet by consulting with crooked politicians, fake detectives, con-artists, and underworld crime bosses."] ['A serial killer/vigilante known as the "Party Crasher" ([[Stephen Lang  telephones the police, notifying them that he is about to murder another individual at a night club, daring them to stop him. Police converge on the night club, but the officers, including NYPD cop John Moss , are unable to stop the gunshot killing of a local drug dealer. The Party Crasher flees in the ensuing chaos, and Moss is thrown off a car while trying to stop the killer. While Moss has his injuries tended to, he barks some obscene comments at media members and cameras. Out in Hollywood, Nick Lang  is a rich and spoiled movie star who is best known as "Smoking" Joe Gunn, the title character in a series of highly popular pulp action films . In order to be taken more seriously as an actor, he is vying for the leading role in the heavy cop drama Blood on the Asphalt. Nick vows to "prepare" for the role by attempting to be an actual cop. After seeing Moss\'s outburst on TV, Nick pulls strings with NYC Mayor David Dinkins to be assigned as Moss\'s new partner on the force. Moss wants no part of the deal, but is forced to comply by his captain , who just happens to be a huge Nick Lang fan. To make matters worse, babysitting Nick means that Moss will have to be removed from the Party Crasher case. Moss defies orders by continuing the investigation anyway and repeatedly trying to ditch Nick, whose constant questions and other annoying habits  nearly drive Moss insane. Nick wants to know what it feels like to be a cop and is quickly thrust forward into some serious situations he is not prepared for, while Moss constantly reminds him that this is not a movie. Meanwhile, as Moss makes progress on finding the Party Crasher, he is also trying to juggle a new romance with Susan . The divorced Moss is unable to communicate with her or open up, and Nick offers advice to him on how to interact with women. Moss takes Nick to a dark building to catch a perp, ordering him to stay put and giving the actor a real gun in case of an emergency. Nick, however, does not stay put and enters the building, shooting a man who he believes is a criminal chasing Moss. The man is just an innocent bystander, though, and Nick is horrified. Moss agrees to cover up the act, and urges Nick to leave town immediately. Nick returns from the airport to the police station to confess his sins, only to see that the "dead man" is actually a fellow cop, alive and well. Moss engineered the whole stunt to get Nick out of town. Nick tracks Moss down to seek revenge but ends up stumbling on a confrontation between Moss and The Party Crasher . The Party Crasher is wounded, but he kills several people and escapes. After Moss is told by Susan that his unstable life as a cop will never allow them to have a relationship, he is unwelcomely visited by Nick. Nick predicts that The Party Crasher will follow storytelling protocol and seek out Moss\'s loved ones in this, the third act of their story together. Nick is right, and Susan is abducted. Moss and Nick confront The Party Crasher on a rooftop and battle it out. Susan is saved after Moss throws the Party Crasher off the rooftop to his apparent death, but Nick is shot in the shoulder, while saving Moss again. The movie cuts forward in time, revealing that Nick survived, and already filmed The Good,The Badge and The Ugly. Moss, reunited with Susan and they\'ve married, watches the movie in a theater and comments that all Nick\'s lines were originally his.'] ['Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie\'s old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel\'s Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane\'s jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn\'s theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie\'s collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted "kid": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don\'t love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy\'s objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie\'s collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red\'s place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz\'s prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David\'s family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother\'s love, and he calls her "Mom". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha\'s delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple.'] ['Architect Peter Mitchell , cartoonist Michael Kellam  and actor Jack Holden  are happy living their lives as bachelors in their lofty New York City apartment. They all have different girlfriends, successful jobs and a carefree and somewhat hedonistic lifestyle. This is disrupted when a baby arrives on their doorstep one day. A note with the child, Mary, indicates that it is Jack\'s, the result of an affair with a recent co-star. The baby arrives in Jack\'s absence – he is in Turkey shooting a B movie, leaving Peter and Michael to fend for themselves in taking care of the child, something in which their lack of experience befuddles them. At one point, Peter and Michael are mistakenly led to believe that they are to deliver Mary to two men who arrive at their door asking for "the package". They discover moments before their departure that the men are drug dealers who were actually seeking a package of heroin. They retrieve the infant, leaving the men with a can of powdered milk. What results is a major change to the men\'s lives as they try to adjust to surrogate fatherhood&mdash;balancing the demands of work, a social schedule and the rearing of a child. Soon their paternal instincts take hold, and they grow attached to the child. Eventually, when Jack returns, Peter and Michael do not hesitate in taking their revenge and passing all responsibility of looking after Mary to Jack, but Jack quickly grows to love his daughter. The drug dealers, demanding payment, eventually ransack the men\'s apartment looking for their drugs. The men formulate a plan to trap the dealers when they negotiate a deal to deliver the illicit goods. With a recording of the conversation, the men prove their innocence to the police and the dealers are arrested. At the end of the movie, the baby\'s mother, an English woman named Sylvia , arrives, asking for Mary back. Moments before her departure to England, she realizes she cannot give up her career to raise her daughter alone, and the three men, having grown attached to Mary, cannot bear to lose Mary, and rush to the airport to persuade Sylvia to stay in America, but they arrive just as Sylvia\'s plane leaves. Defeated, the men return to their apartment, where they find both Sylvia and Mary. The men quickly invite her to move into their apartment with them, and she agrees.'] ['Robbie , an orphaned 6 year-old Scottish boy, has been placed with uncaring and harsh adoptive parents in London. Having accidentally set a small fire in the house, and fearing he will receive severe punishment as he has in the past for misdemeanours, he flees into the London streets. He finally takes shelter in a derelict bombed-out building, where he stumbles across Chris Lloyd  and the body of the man Lloyd has just killed &ndash; his employer, who Lloyd had discovered was having an affair with his wife. Now on the run, and aware that Robbie is the only witness to his crime, Lloyd realises that he will have to get out of London and that he has no option but to take the boy with him. The film follows the pair as they travel northwards towards Scotland with the police in somewhat baffled pursuit, and charts the developing relationship between the two. Initially Lloyd regards Robbie dismissively, as an unwanted inconvenience, while Robbie is wary and suspicious of Lloyd. As their journey progresses however, the pair gradually develop a strong bond of friendship, trust and common cause, with both feeling they have burned their bridges and now have nothing to lose. They finally reach a small Scottish fishing port, where Lloyd steals a boat and sets sail for Ireland. During the voyage Robbie falls seriously ill, and Lloyd turns the boat back towards Scotland, where he knows the police are waiting for him.'] ['Peter Highman  is a high strung architect on his way home from Atlanta to Los Angeles to be present at the birth of his first child with his wife, Sarah . In the opening scene he recalls a dream about being in a forest with his wife, who is in labor. He\'s unable to reach her and help deliver the child, but a grizzly bear ends up helping by chewing through the umbilical cord. Once on the plane, Peter learns that Ethan Tremblay , who had just prior to boarding at the airport, been a passenger in a vehicle that knocked the door off the limo Peter had been in, is sitting behind him in first class. After inadvertently using the words "terrorist" and "bomb", Ethan gets Peter shot by a Federal Air Marshal with a rubber bullet. Both Peter and Ethan are forced off the plane before take-off. After being questioned by security, Peter discovers that he has been placed on the No Fly List and will have to find another way to get to California. After realizing that he had left his wallet on the plane, Peter reluctantly agrees to travel with Ethan, a bumbling, annoying but well-meaning aspiring actor hoping to make it in Hollywood, to Los Angeles. Ethan is on his way to Hollywood with his dog Sonny after his father\'s funeral, and is carrying his father\'s ashes in a coffee can for the duration of the trip. After stopping in Birmingham, Alabama to purchase marijuana, Peter and Ethan realize that they only have $60 in cash between them. Peter decides to have his wife transfer him money. Since he doesn\'t have any legitimate I.D on him, Peter has his wife transfer the money in Ethan\'s assumed last name. Once at Western Union, Ethan realizes that the money has been sent to his stage name instead of his real name, Ethan Chase, the name printed on his I.D. The Western Union employee ([[Danny McBride  refuses to accept Ethan\'s head shot as proof of ID and declines the transfer. Frustrated, Peter verbally attacks the man &mdash; a wheel chair-bound veteran who ends up assaulting him and Ethan. After spending the night at a rest stop, Peter decides on the spur of the moment to drive off and leave Ethan there while he washes up in the rest room, only to return several minutes later after wrestling with his conscience and coming close to throwing Ethan\'s father\'s ashes off an overpass. Ethan ends up driving while Peter gets some rest. After driving a while, Ethan falls asleep at the wheel and crashes the car. At a Dallas hospital, Peter, who has a broken arm and three cracked ribs, is picked up by his friend Darryl . Again, Peter decides to part company with Ethan, but Daryl persuades him otherwise. Stopping at Darryl\'s house, Peter finds out during the course of the conversation that nine months prior, Darryl and Sarah had spent a weekend together. This leads Ethan to suspect Darryl of being the father of Sarah and Peter\'s unborn child. After a mere eight minutes in the company of Ethan, Darryl throws him out of his home. Darryl lets them use his Range Rover and, while driving, Ethan smokes copious amounts of marijuana as Peter dozes. The smoke fills the interior of the vehicle, intoxicating Peter, causing him to hallucinate and sees Ethan as the bear from his dream. The two accidentally end up at the United States-Mexican border in El Paso when Ethan mistakes the \'Mexico\' sign at the border crossing for a \'Texaco\' gas station. Despite assurances to Peter that he\'ll handle the situation, Ethan flees from the border checkpoint and leaves Peter to be arrested for possession of marijuana. The Mexican Federal Police takes Peter into custody, but Ethan breaks him out, stealing a border patrol truck & causing several highway car crashes in the process. The duo stop at the Grand Canyon, where Ethan says goodbye to his father and scatters his ashes. Peter confesses that he tried to leave Ethan back at the rest area and apologizes, but Ethan forgives him since he didn\'t go through with it. Ethan then decides to make a confession of his own and reveals that he has been holding onto Peter\'s wallet the whole time, in order to get him to travel with him, so he wouldn\'t have to do so alone. Peter attacks Ethan in a fit of rage. Sarah calls during the attack to inform Peter that her water has broken. Peter and Ethan immediately begin to speed to California. Along the way, Ethan accidentally shoots Peter with a gun he finds in the truck\'s glove compartment. Peter refuses to stop for medical attention and instead insists that they continue on to the hospital in L.A. They eventually stop to bandage his gun wound and, with Ethan freaking out, Peter suggests that they are merely acting out a scene in a movie. Arriving at the hospital, the two walk around trying to find Sarah\'s room. Peter mistakenly enters the room of another pregnant woman, sees the baby, and truly believes that Darryl was the father of Sarah\'s child, until he discovers his mistake. They enter Sarah\'s room and, while she is in labor, Peter passes out from loss of blood. Peter and Sarah\'s healthy daughter &mdash; indisputably Peter\'s child &mdash; is seen later in the nursery. Ethan recounts to Peter that he had assisted in Rosie\'s birth by cutting the umbilical cord, thus alluding to Peter\'s dream. The two go their separate ways with the promise that Peter will call Ethan to keep their friendship intact. At the end of the film, Peter, Sarah, and Rosie watch an episode of Two and a Half Men, in which Ethan has landed a role.'] [" Woody is a pull-string cowboy doll and leader of a group of toys that belong to a boy named Andy Davis, which act lifeless when humans are present. With his family moving homes one week before his birthday, the toys stage a reconnaissance mission to discover Andy's new presents. Andy receives a space ranger Buzz Lightyear action figure, whose impressive features see him replacing Woody as Andy's favorite toy. Woody is resentful, especially as Buzz also gets attention from the other toys. However Buzz believes himself to be a real space ranger on a mission to return to his home planet, as Woody fails to convince him he is a toy. Andy prepares for a family outing at the space themed Pizza Planet restaurant with Buzz. Woody attempts to be picked by misplacing Buzz. He intends to trap Buzz in a gap behind Andy's desk, but the plan goes disastrously wrong when he accidentally knocks Buzz out the window, resulting in him being accused of murdering Buzz out of jealousy. With Buzz missing, Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet, but Buzz climbs into the car and confronts Woody when they stop at a gas station. The two fight and fall out of the car, which drives off and leaves them behind. Woody spots a truck bound for Pizza Planet and plans to rendezvous with Andy there, convincing Buzz to come with him by telling him it will take him to his home planet. Once at Pizza Planet, Buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship, thinking it to be the ship Woody promised him. Inside, he finds squeaky aliens who revere the claw arm as their master. When Woody clambers into the machine to rescue Buzz, the aliens force the two towards the claw and they are captured by Andy’s neighbour Sid Phillips, who finds amusement in destroying toys. At Sid's house, the two attempt to escape before Andy's moving day, encountering Sid’s nightmarish toy creations and his vicious dog, Scud. Buzz sees a commercial for Buzz Lightyear action figures and realizes that he really is a toy. Attempting to fly to test this, Buzz falls and loses one of his arms, going into depression and unable to cooperate with Woody. Woody waves Buzz’s arm from a window to seek help from the toys in Andy’s room, but they are horrified thinking Woody attacked him, while Woody realizes Sid's toys are friendly when they reconnect Buzz's arm. Sid prepares to destroy Buzz by strapping him to a rocket, but is delayed that evening by a thunderstorm. Woody convinces Buzz that life is worth living because of the joy he can bring to Andy, which helps Buzz regain his spirit. Cooperating with Sid's toys, Woody rescues Buzz and scares Sid away by coming to life in front of him, warning him to never torture toys again. Woody and Buzz then wave goodbye to the mutant toys and return home through a fence, but miss Andy’s car as it drives away to his new house. Down the road, they climb onto the moving truck containing Andy’s other toys, but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody. Woody attempts to rescue Buzz with Andy's RC car but the other toys, who think Woody now got rid of RC, toss Woody off onto the road. Spotting Woody driving RC back with Buzz alive, the other toys realize their mistake and try to help. When RC's batteries become depleted, Woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and manages to throw RC into the moving truck before they soar into the air. Buzz opens his wings to cut himself free before the rocket explodes, gliding with Woody to land safely into a box in Andy’s car. Andy looks into it and is elated to have found his two missing toys. On Christmas Day at their new house, Buzz and Woody stage another reconnaissance mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals, one of which is a Mrs. Potato Head, much to the delight of Mr. Potato Head. As Woody jokingly asks what might be worse than Buzz, the two share a worried smile as they discover Andy's new gift is a puppy."] ["The Cowboy Way follows two championship rodeo stars and lifelong best friends, Pepper Lewis  and Sonny Gilstrap  as they travel from New Mexico to New York in search of their missing friend, Nacho Salazar, who came to the city to pay for his daughter's trip to the U.S. from Cuba. When they discover that he's been murdered, the pair set out to find the killer."] ['Bob Hodges  is a 19-year veteran of LAPD\'s C.R.A.S.H. unit who has just been teamed with rookie Danny McGavin . The older cop is diplomatic on the surface, preaching "rapport" to gang members to encourage them to offer help when it is truly needed, and recognizes that every action cops take is scrutinized by the people they are trying to help. These lessons are lost on McGavin, and his actions bring him quick notoriety that affects Hodges. Amidst this, a murder of a Bloods gang member leads to a series of escalations between two other street gangs, a relentless intertwining of seemingly random incidents that culminates in a gang war that finds the two partners in the middle of the Crips, Bloods and Mexican gangs\' attempts to right what they perceive as wrongs against their respective crews. Near the end of the film, the police have one final stand against the gangs. Hodges is shot and mortally wounded in the process. McGavin goes up to him and cries as he dies. Sometime later, McGavin has a new partner, a rookie black cop who grew up in the neighborhood where they patrol. McGavin tells him a story about a bull that Hodges told him at the beginning of the film. The film ends with McGavin and his new partner driving and continuing their patrol.'] ['The film opens with angel puppies talking to Annabelle . They ask her to tell them a story. She begins to tell them about how Carface saved Christmas with a little guidance from Charlie ([[Steven Weber  and Itchy . The movie begins in an alleyway with Charlie, Itchy, Sasha  and their friends decorating for a Christmas party. Everyone is enjoying themselves as Charlie and Itchy tend to the young pups. Charlie checks on Sasha and the money collection for Timmy the puppy\'s operation for his bad leg. Unfortunately, Carface  and Killer  arrive and start collecting debts from everyone. After Charlie refused to pay back Carface, he blows a mysterious hypnotic dog whistle that hypnotizes all the dogs and causes them to give Carface and Killer all of their bones. Before leaving, Carface and Killer make off with all the food, the presents, their money which includes Timmy\'s operation money and head off cackling. After failing several times to get the stolen goods from Carface, it is revealed that Carface is working for Annabelle\'s satanic cousin, Belladonna , who plots to use a massive version of the gigantic hypnotic dog whistle to hypnotize every dog in the city into stealing the Christmas presents, causing them to be thrown out of their houses and abandoned, much in the same way Carface was when he was a puppy. Charlie plots to scare "the Dickens" out of Carface and asks Annabelle for some aid, resulting in them being transformed into characters from "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. Itchy becomes the Ghost of Christmas Past, Sasha becomes the Ghost of Christmas Present, and Charlie becomes the Ghost of Christmas Future (as a reference of [[The Mask . The three of them visit Carface and make him feel guilty about stealing the items, especially the operation money; Sasha tells Carface that without it Timmy will die, but Timmy\'s death will cause another --- his own, as the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come shows him that because of his actions, he will cause his own death, and he will be condemned to Hell for eternity. Carface, having seen himself in Timmy, stops the whistle just in time to prevent the dogs from stealing the gifts. Belladonna flies into a rage and is about to kill Carface and Killer when she is frozen solid by a massive amount of snow caused by Annabelle. Meanwhile, with Charlie and the gang, it starts to snow. Everyone celebrates, but Itchy remarks that it\'s a shame that they didn\'t have any presents to give the pups. Just then, Carface appears on a sled pulled by Killer, and gives them all the presents back, and more. He even gives them Timmy\'s money box back, which is filled up full. Carface turns to leave, and Sasha asks him to stay and join the party. Carface respectfully refuses, saying he\'s going to visit his mom, but wishes everyone a Merry Christmas. And Annabelle finishes the story by saying "Merry Christmas!"'] ['The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler Bret Maverick , of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is "the best". However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3,000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3,000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River: an antagonist named Angel , a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford , and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the [[Maverick . The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach , agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians  and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by Joseph ([[Graham Greene . Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph\'s tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game, which is taking place on a paddle steamer. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper has been engaged to oversee its security. Learning that Bransford is still short several thousand dollars of the entry fee, Maverick finds the Grand Duke on board and cons him out of the needed amount so she can get in the game. After the others are eliminated, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and Commodore Duvall , the boat\'s owner and the tournament organizer. Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00 AM deadline, having had his stateroom door chained shut  after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, jack, queen and king of spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in". Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls without checking the card. It turns out to be the ace of spades, giving Maverick an unbeatable royal flush and the championship. An enraged Angel draws his gun, but he and his stooges in the audience are gunned down by Cooper and Maverick. Three plot twists follow Maverick\'s win. First, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Second, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Third, the Commodore betrays Cooper, but before he can shoot him, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money, leaving them a single gun to settle their affairs. The gun turns out to be unloaded, and Cooper beats up the Commodore, then sets out to take revenge on Maverick. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal  that he is in fact Maverick\'s father. The real conspiracy was in fact between the two of them. However, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick . After she escapes, Bret reveals she only got away with half of the money, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick and his father smile as he comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her.'] ['Jack Brown  is an unemployed newspaper reporter in Baton Rouge, Louisiana in danger of losing his house to the bank. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to get a job working for the local paper, the Bugle, he becomes so desperate that he ends up taking a job as a "cleaning lady" for wealthy U.S. Bates , who owns the paper and many other businesses. Brown is humiliated as he clumsily attempts to serve food at a luncheon. He is fired, but lands a part-time job in a department store owned by Bates. "Master" Eric Bates , the spoiled-brat son of the boss, has been told that he can have anything in the store. Amused at seeing Jack goof around in the store\'s toy section, Eric informs his father\'s right-hand man Sydney Morehouse  that what he wants is Jack himself. Morehouse fails to convince Eric that human beings cannot be owned. In exchange for a generous financial settlement, Jack agrees to be Eric\'s live-in friend during Eric\'s one-week spring break from military school. Emotionally estranged from his father, Eric takes a liking to Jack but still manages to humiliate him with numerous pranks. After a particularly humiliating incident in the mansion incited by Bates\' ditzy wife Fancy , who literally introduces him at a dinner party as Eric\'s new "toy," Jack grows tired of the situation and leaves. He agrees to return only when U.S. Bates  offers Jack so much money that he can not only pay back the bank, but pay off the mortgage on his house as well. Jack returns, determined to teach Eric how a friend is supposed to be treated. They bond while participating in mini-cart racing, video games, and even fishing in a stream filled with pirahna. The pair decide to start a newspaper of their own for fun. After witnessing multiple examples of Bates\' cruelty, they dig up dirt on him, such as a story of how he won his butler, Barkley , in a game of billiards. They publish their paper and distribute it throughout the city. Bates is outraged. To prove to his son that money can buy loyalty, he offers Jack a reporting job with his newspaper, which is what Jack wanted all along. When he accepts, Eric is upset because he thinks Jack is selling out. Jack tells the boy that most men  need jobs, just as his priority is to support himself and his wife. A swanky outdoor party is later held at the Bates estate. It is attended by wealthy businessmen and politicians, some of whom are unaware it is to be a fundraising event for the Ku Klux Klan. Jack cannot abide that, so he and Eric—teaming up one last time— disrupt the party and expose the real purpose behind it, an attempt to blackmail the senator who is among those bringing a federal indictment against Bates. Bates chases after Jack in a golf cart but ends up crashing into his own pool. Jack saves him from drowning, and it seems all is forgiven. Jack packs up and returns to his neighborhood with his wife. The next day, while driving Eric to the airport to return to military school, Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk. Eric runs off, making his way to Jack\'s house. Jack gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance. Bates offers the newspaper job to Jack again and promises Eric that next year he can spend one week with him and one with Jack, much to Eric\'s joy.'] ['Billy Hoyle  is a former college basketball player who makes a living hustling streetballers who assume he cannot play well because he is white. Hoyle never downplays his skill to increase the stakes; it is the black basketball players\' own assumptions that are at the root of the hustle. Such a talented but arrogant player is Sidney Deane , a star on the Venice Beach, California outdoor courts. He is humiliated twice by Billy in front of his friends, losing a wager. But he also recognizes a good thing when he sees one and immediately begins to think of a number of ways Billy can be useful to him. Billy and his girlfriend Gloria Clemente  are on the run from out-of-state mobsters because of a gambling debt. A voracious reader, making note of obscure facts, Gloria\'s goal in life is to be a contestant on the television show Jeopardy! and make a fortune. Sidney\'s mission in life is to buy a house for his family outside the rough Baldwin Village, Crenshaw District neighborhood of Los Angeles. He talks Billy into a partnership and they hustle other players for money. But when they unexpectedly lose a game, it turns out that Sidney has double-crossed Billy by deliberately playing badly alongside him, making Billy lose $1,700 to a group of Sidney\'s friends. Gloria is incensed at Billy\'s blowing his money again and is also suspicious of how it happened. On the way to Sidney\'s apartment, she tells Billy: "Sometimes when you win, you really lose. And sometimes when you lose, you really win. And sometimes when you win or lose, you actually tie and sometimes when you tie, you actually win or lose. Winning or losing is all one organic globule, from which one extracts what one needs." Once they get to Sidney\'s and appeal to his wife  for fairness, Gloria agrees to share some of the money provided Sidney and Billy are willing to team up again for a major 2-on-2 outdoor tournament. While they bicker incessantly, Sidney and Billy do win the grand prize of $5,000, largely due to Billy\'s ability to disrupt his opponents\' concentration. Billy\'s most notable claim is that he is "in the zone," a state of mind in which nothing can get in his way. Sidney is pleased with the outcome, yet he cannot help mocking Billy about his inability to slam dunk. "White men can\'t jump," he notes. Billy, however, claims that dunking the basketball is unnecessary grandstanding, while expressing a belief that black guys like Sidney would "rather look good and lose than look bad and win." Billy insists that he can indeed dunk but Sidney clearly disagrees. Infuriated, Billy claims he is willing to bet his share of the $5,000 on his ability to dunk. Sidney accepts and gives him three chances. Billy fails, losing his share. When he tells Gloria, she leaves him. One of Sidney\'s friends works as a security guard at the TV studio that produces Jeopardy!. He agrees to get her on the show, if Billy can sink a hook shot from beyond the half-court line, which he does. To begin, Gloria stumbles over sports questions , but makes a comeback with a pet topic, "Foods That Start With The Letter \'Q\' ". She wins $14,100 on her first episode. Gloria and Billy get back together. Billy sings Gloria a song he has composed to win her back. Everything in his world is all right again, but now it is Sidney who suffers misfortune and needs a favor. He and his family are burglarized and become more desperate for money. Billy is supposed to get a steady job and settle down, but Sidney needs him to play basketball for money again and use his share of Gloria\'s take. Gloria warns that if Billy gambles with her money "we are through." Billy feels he must honor the obligation he owes Sidney for getting Gloria on Jeopardy! in the first place. They play a final game against two hoops legends of the L.A. scene, "The King" and "Duck." In a very tight game, Sidney and Billy prevail, the winning points coming when Sidney lobs an "alley-oop" pass to Billy, who dunks it. Returning home happy, Billy discovers Gloria has kept her word and left him for good. He is crushed. Then the mobsters who are after Billy track him down and he pays off his debts. Billy once again asks Sidney to set him up with a real job. Billy says that Gloria has left him many times, but that "this is it", and Sidney remarks "Maybe you two were better off without each other." As the closing credits are about to roll, Billy launches into yet another basketball argument with Sidney and they are right back where they began—but, this time, as friends.'] ['The story centers on Victor Joseph  and Thomas Builds-the-Fire  who live on the Coeur D\'Alene Indian Reservation in Plummer, Idaho. Thomas is an eccentric storyteller and Victor is an angry, brooding local basketball star. The two young men are linked through Victor\'s father, Arnold . Arnold rescued Thomas as an infant from a house fire that killed his parents. Consequently, Thomas considers him a hero. On the other hand, Victor, who endures Arnold\'s alcoholism, domestic violence, and eventual abandonment, regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment. Thomas and Victor grow up together as neighbors and acquaintances, fighting with each other and simultaneously forming a close, albeit uneasy, alliance. When Arnold dies in Phoenix, Arizona, where he has settled after separating from Victor\'s mother Arlene , Victor and Thomas embark on a cross-country journey to retrieve his ashes and belongings. The trip turns out to be a soul-searching endeavor for both men. Neither of them lose sight of their identity as "Indians", but their perspectives differ. Victor is more stoic and pragmatic, and Thomas is more idealistic and traditional . This dichotomy continues all through the film and is the source of Victor\'s irritation with Thomas, and Thomas\'s fascination with Victor. Once in Phoenix, Victor must confront his conflicted feelings about his father, as well as his own identity. He also must grapple with information provided to him by his father\'s friend, Suzie Song ; namely, the true origins of the fire that killed Thomas\' parents. The trip turns out to ultimately cure Victor\'s brooding disposition toward life and shows him why his father became an alcoholic, was abusive, and eventually left their family. The film concludes with Victor achieving a better understanding of Thomas and of his unconditional reverence for Arnold.'] ['Andy Stitzer  is the eponymous 40 year-old virgin; he is involuntarily celibate. He lives alone, is somewhat childlike, collects action figures, plays video games, and his social life seems to consist of watching Survivor with his elderly neighbors. He works in the stockroom at an electronics store called SmartTech. When a friend drops out of a poker game, Andy\'s co-workers David , Cal , and Jay  reluctantly invite Andy to join them. At the game, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, Andy desperately makes up a story, but admits his virginity when he compares the feel of a woman\'s breast to a "bag of sand". Feeling sorry for him , the group resolves to help Andy lose his virginity. Throughout the next several days, the gang’s efforts prove to be unsuccessful, partly because all three men give Andy different and sometimes contradictory advice. They take him to have his chest waxed . Cal advises Andy to simply ask questions when talking to women, which makes Andy seem mysterious. His advice proves to be the most helpful, when Beth , a bookstore clerk, takes a liking to Andy. Andy starts to open up, and begins to form true friendships with his co-workers. David continues to obsess over his ex-girlfriend, Amy . After meeting her unexpectedly during a speed-dating event attended by the group, he has an emotional breakdown while making a sale and is subsequently sent home by store manager Paula , who promotes Andy to fill in for him. Jay, seeing Andy\'s continued reluctance to approach female customers, attempts to force the issue by hiring Andy a prostitute. When Andy discovers that Jay has inadvertently hired a transvestite, he is prompted to confront his friends, and tells them that he is taking matters into his own hands. Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont , a woman he met on the sales floor who owns a store across the street. After Andy and Trish\'s first date, in which they are interrupted by Trish’s teenage daughter Marla  as they are about to have sex, Andy decides to tell Trish he is a virgin. Before he can tell her, Trish suggests that they postpone having sex, to which Andy enthusiastically agrees; they decide they won’t have sex until their twentieth date. Meanwhile, Paula is impressed by Andy\'s salesmanship and promotes him to floor manager. As Andy draws closer to his twentieth date with Trish, his friends begin to deal with the consequences of their lifestyles. David, still spiraling in his obsession with Amy, has become disillusioned with sex and has taken a vow of celibacy, prompting Cal to lure him out by hiring an attractive young woman named Bernadette  to work in the stockroom. After overreacting during an argument with an obnoxious customer ([[Kevin Hart , Jay reveals that his girlfriend Jill broke up with him after learning he has been cheating on her. Andy comforts Jay, who says that sex can ruin a relationship. However, Jill later decides to take Jay back . Andy and Trish’s relationship grows, and Trish suggests that Andy sell his collectible action figures in order to raise enough money to open his own store. When they finally reach the twentieth date, Andy is still reluctant and resists Trish, upsetting her. An argument ensues, in which Andy accuses Trish of pushing him into changing his life against his will, and Andy leaves for the nightclub where Jay is celebrating his girlfriend’s pregnancy. He quickly gets drunk, and after running into Beth, leaves for her apartment with her. Meanwhile, David finally relinquishes his celibacy and hooks up with Bernadette, and Trish’s daughter Marla convinces her to go and make up with Andy. By this time Andy has sobered up and, after witnessing Beth\'s methods of foreplay, he starts to have second thoughts. As Andy is leaving her bathroom, he finds his friends waiting outside, having followed to warn him about Beth and encourage him to go back to Trish. They leave together , and Andy returns to his apartment, where he finds Trish waiting for him. He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found myriad suspicious belongings in his apartment, now thinks that Andy may be some sort of sexual deviant. Andy tries to convince her otherwise and declares his love for her, but she leaves in alarm and disgust. Andy chases after her on his bike but eventually runs headlong into the side of a truck. Trish rushes to his side in concern, and he finally confesses to her that he is a virgin. She is surprised to learn that this is the reason behind his strange behavior, as she does not consider it to be important, and they kiss. Later, Andy and Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in attendance, with a sidelong mention of Andy\'s action figures having sold for approximately half a million dollars. Afterwards, consummate the marriage, ending Andy\'s status as a virgin. The film ends with a celebratory fantasy musical scene in which the cast of the film sing and dance to "Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In".'] ['Sergeant Joe Gavilan  is a financially strapped LAPD homicide detective who for several years has been moonlighting as a real estate broker. His partner is K.C. Calden , a much younger officer who teaches yoga on the side and wants to be an actor. The duo is assigned to investigate the murders of four men, members of a rap group called H2OClick who were gunned down in a nightclub by two unidentified assailants. While investigating, the detectives discover there had been a witness who escaped unnoticed. Gavilan is distracted by a looming real estate deal that may be the key to getting out of debt, while Calden pursues his acting dreams by trying to attract talent agents. Unknown to the detectives, Antoine Sartain , the manager of H2OClick, has his head of security eliminate the two hitmen they had hired to carry out the murders of H2OClick. Gavilan and Calden initially had believed the murders to be gang-related, but Gavilan sees the bodies of the hitmen at the morgue and concludes they were killed by someone else. Gavilan learns from an undercover officer  posing as a prostitute that the songwriter for H2OClick, a man named K-Roc, has gone missing. Gavilan believes he is the murder witness. It proves difficult to track down K-Roc when they cannot determine his real name. K-Roc is later revealed to be Oliver Robideaux, the son of Olivia Robideaux , a former Motown singer. The arrival of Lieutenant Bennie "The Executioner" Macko  from Internal Affairs at headquarters unnerves Gavilan -— they have a bad history ever since Gavilan proved him wrong on a case years ago. Gavilan\'s love interest, a psychic named Ruby , used to date Macko, who is intent on taking away both Gavilan and Calden\'s badges, going so far as to try to frame the two for corruption. Gavilan and Calden form a closer bond. Calden reveals that his father Danny Calden, also a cop, had been mysteriously gunned down during a sting operation gone wrong. The elder Calden\'s partner at the time, Leroy Wasley, was implicated in the murder, but later released on lack of evidence. K-Roc is tracked to his home, where Olivia Robideaux professes her son\'s innocence and claims Antoine Sartain, the manager of the group, was the real culprit. Sartain had been embezzling money from H2OClick, whose members found out and threatened to hire lawyers to nullify their contracts. Sartain hired the hitmen as a "lesson" to all clients of his record label. It also turns out that Sartain\'s head of security is none other than Leroy Wasley, and that Macko was in cahoots with him, as well. The detectives prepare to arrest Sartain and Wasley, but cannot locate them. Gavilan enlists the help of Ruby, who, after a brief meditating session, leads him and Calden to a Beverly Hills clothing store. Sartain and his men, including Wasley, happen to drive by the store, so Gavilan and Calden follow in a wild car chase through the streets of Los Angeles. After a crash, and subsequent shootout in front of Grauman\'s Chinese Theatre, Gavilan catches up with Sartain, while Calden pursues Wasley. During a struggle, Gavilan manages to throw Sartain off the top of a building, killing him. Meanwhile, Calden traps Wasley in an alley, and Wasley draws a gun on Calden. Wasley admits to killing the detective\'s father. Calden utilizes his acting skills to beg and plead for Wasley to spare him, which distracts Wasley enough, just as he is about the pull the trigger, for Calden to knock the gun away and wound Wasley with his duty weapon. Overcoming his desire to kill the man who murdered his father, Calden arrests him. Gavilan and Calden reunite as LAPD officers swarm the scene in the background. Macko appears and calls for the arrests of the two officers, but Macko is arrested for his association with Wasley and Sartain. The case over, Gavilan and Ruby  attend a production of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which Calden is furthering his acting ambitions by playing Stanley Kowalski. It is implied that Gavilan has successfully brokered the real estate deal. Cops to the end, though, both receive calls from headquarters, causing them to leave after the play.'] ["George and Harold, American song-and dance-men performing in Melbourne, Australia, have to leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals. They end up in Darwin, where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince. They are taken by boat to an idyllic island on the way to Bali, . They vie with each other for the favours of exotic  Princess Lala, a cousin of the Prince. The hazardous dive produces a chest of priceless jewels, which the prince plans to claim as his own. After escaping from the prince and his henchmen, the three are shipwrecked and washed up on another island. Lala is now in love with both of the boys and can't decide which to choose. Following further romantic complications, the boys participate in a traditional marriage ceremony, both thinking they're marrying Lala. In fact, she's being unwillingly married to the already much-married King while they end up married to each other. Displeased with two men being married to each other, the volcano god initiates a massive eruption. After escaping it, the three end up on yet another beach where Lala chooses George over Harold. Undaunted, Harold conjures up Jane Russell from a basket by playing a flute and thinks that he's going to get her, but she too rejects Harold, and George walks off with both Jane and Lala. Harold is left alone on the beach, demanding that the film shouldn't finish and asking the audience to stick around to see what's going to happen."] ['Wayne and Garth now do their acclaimed Friday-night TV show in an abandoned doll factory in Aurora. At the end of the broadcast, Wayne, Garth, and his friends, head into the Mirthmobile, and off to an Aerosmith concert. After the band\'s performance, Wayne and Garth head backstage , and praise Aerosmith like they did to Alice Cooper in the previous film. That night, Wayne has a dream in which he meets Jim Morrison  and a "weird naked Indian" , in which Morrison tells Wayne that his destiny is to organize and put on a big concert. Wayne then asks when Garth\'s football phone going to arrive, Morrison said it was sent to the wrong house and will arrive in the morning along with a swimsuit magazine and Stanley Cup video. The next morning, Garth showed up with the phone, magazine and video, which convinces Wayne to put on the show. Wayne and Garth dub the concert "Waynestock" and get to work, by, firstly, at Morrison\'s request, to hire his former roadie, Del Preston , who, surprisingly had the same dream as Wayne. Their early attempts to sign bands and sell tickets fall flat, however, and Wayne wonders if the whole thing was a good idea. Wayne\'s girlfriend Cassandra, meanwhile, has a new producer, Bobby Cahn , who slowly tries to pull her away from Wayne  and Illinois. After Wayne admits that he was spying on her, Cassandra breaks off the relationship and hastily gets engaged to Bobby on the rebound. Garth meets a beautiful woman, Honey Hornée , at the laundromat, and she quickly ropes him in with her charms. Eventually, it is revealed that Honey is manipulating Garth into killing her ex-husband, and Garth quickly bails on the relationship. Back in the real world, tickets for Waynestock are finally selling, but no bands have shown up. Wrestling with what to do, Wayne departs the festival grounds so he can find Cassandra, leaving Garth to keep the rowdy crowd in check. In a parody to The Graduate, Wayne travels to a church and breaks up Cassandra\'s wedding before escaping the ceremony with her. Meanwhile, Garth has stage fright during the concert. Upon returning to Waynestock, the bands still have not shown up. As in the first film, three endings occur. *Wayne and Garth consult Morrison, who said that no one will come, telling them that all that matters is they tried. They turn around to go back to Waynestock and they lose their way, not knowing how to escape the desert dream sequence, and therefore presumably die of thirst . *They drive their car to find the bands, but a helicopter corners them, so they drive their car off a cliff . *The promised bands arrive and the whole event is a huge success .  In the movie, Waynestock is held in Adlai Stevenson Memorial Park, in Aurora, Illinois. The acts that Wayne books include Crucial Taunt , Aerosmith, Rip Taylor, Pearl Jam, and Van Halen. Aerosmith performs "Shut Up and Dance" at the concert. Additionally, the Gin Blossoms and Nash Kato  can be seen being escorted out of a limousine-length Mirthmobile by the weird naked Indian as the closing credits begin.'] ['The film is episodic, depicting the two detectives teaming on several different cases, with varying degrees of success. The main focus of the movie centers on them trying to bust one main criminal, an LA crime king-pin named "Rizzo" . The film is extremely cynical, strongly implying that crime does pay ... and that the biggest criminals in society are corrupt politicians and businessmen who will never be punished for their crimes. The film ends with an unusual soundtrack flash-forward. While we see Gould attempting to arrest a powerful figure who will ultimately walk free, we also hear something which hasn\'t happened yet: Gould\'s character quitting the police force and applying for a civilian job.'] ['After getting a restraining order from Randal Graves  for selling drugs  and constant harassment, Jay and Silent Bob  find out from Brodie ([[Jason Lee  that Bluntman and Chronic, the comic book based on their likenesses, has been adapted into a film in production by Miramax Films. In response, the two visit Holden McNeil , who was one of the writers of Bluntman and Chronic, and demand that he give them the royalties of the film. However, Holden tells Jay and Silent Bob that he sold his part of the creative and publishing rights of the comic over to his former friend Banky Edwards (also played by [[Jason Lee . Upon learning of the movie, as well as the negative reaction the movie has received so far on the Internet, the two set out on a quest to Hollywood, to prevent the movie from being made and tainting their image, or at the very least receive the money from the royalties owed to them. On the way, they befriend an animal liberation group, consisting of four women: Justice , Sissy , Missy , and Chrissy ; and one man, Brent , who they had picked up for the cause. It is revealed that the organization is a front; Brent is a patsy, intended as a diversion by freeing an animal from a testing laboratory while the girls rob a diamond depository nearby. Jay tricks Brent and throws him out of the van in order to get closer to Justice, the most compassionate of the women and the one with whom he finds himself smitten. Justice, who quickly becomes close to Jay and Silent Bob , reluctantly accepts the two as the new patsies. While the girls are robbing the diamond depository they accidentally set off the alarm, prompting them to break the glass and steal the diamonds. While this is going on Jay and Silent Bob free the animals and take an orangutan named Suzanne with them. They escape outside to see the police arriving and the van exploding, which they believe has killed the girls, including Justice, to the dismay of Jay. Jay then takes the orangutan with him as a memorial to Justice. Quickly afterwards, Federal Wildlife Marshal Willenholly  shows up at the scene. Blinded to the diamond heist, he claims to have jurisdiction because of the large number of animals that escaped. He learns that all the animals have been recovered except for the orangutan. The officers then find and watch footage of a video Sissy recorded of Jay making remarks of "the clit" and that he\'s "the Clit commander." Jay, however, was unaware that CLIT is an acronym for Coalition for the Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers, the name of the organization that Justice is a part of. Willenholly blindly finds this as an act of terrorism and calls for police support to hunt down what he considered "the two most dangerous men on the planet." When the officers later have the trio cornered inside a diner and threaten to open fire, Jay and Silent Bob dress the orangutan as a child and walk out, claiming that they want to get their "son" out of the danger zone. Marshal Willenholly, thinking about the political repercussions of an alternate-lifestyle family, decides to let them leave, but he quickly realizes his mistake and resumes the chase. When they jump into a sewer system, only Willenholly himself follows them while the other police officers, led by the Sheriff , leave him, and he is soon tricked into jumping off of a dam. Having escaped the law, Jay and Silent Bob once again return to their quest to reach Hollywood only to have Suzanne taken by a Hollywood animal acting agency car. Now on a quest to get their ape back and to clear their names, the two once again embark to Hollywood. On their arrival in Hollywood, the two find themselves in the background of a E! News newscast  that Justice is watching. While Justice takes the diamonds and goes to Hollywood to set things right, Marshal Willenholly learns of their mission to reach Hollywood and leaves to find them. After a long chase with studio security and reclaiming Suzanne from a fictional Scream 4 in production, Jay and Silent Bob end up in Jason Biggs and James Van Der Beek\'s dressing room, where they quickly realize that these are the actors that will play the roles of Bluntman and Chronic, next to Jay and Silent Bob. Suzanne beats both of them up effortlessly and Jay and Silent Bob assume the roles of their characters, Bluntman and Chronic. Being forced into their costumes and thrown on stage with a racist director , they must engage in a duel with Mark Hamill playing a comic-book super-villain called Cock-Knocker, eventually taking a break from the scene when Willenholly interrupts to capture Jay and Silent Bob. Justice arrives on the scene, much to the surprise of Jay and Silent Bob. Justice tells them that the CLIT organization was not real and that the two were used as a distraction for the robbing of the jewels. Justice also admits that she, along with Missy, Sissy and Chrissy, were in fact jewel thieves. As Justice\'s former jewel thief team arrives, a climactic final battle ensues, after which Jay and Silent Bob get their royalties to the film, and Justice turns herself and her former team in to Willenholly in exchange for a shorter sentence and letting Jay and Silent Bob go. The film ends with Jay and Silent Bob spending their royalty money on airplane tickets to find everybody who expressed negative opinions about the movie and characters, ranging from kids to clergy, and traveling to their towns to beat them up. The scene then cuts to everyone leaving a movie theater, having just watched the Bluntman and Chronic movie and expressing negative reception: Hooper X calls the movie a "one 90-minute-long gay joke." Jay and Silent Bob, with most of the cast, then go across the street to enjoy a performance from Morris Day and The Time. After the credits, God  closes the View Askewniverse book that still has pages left in it.'] ['The characters drive to a remote location to hike at a site marked "Wilderness Trail". As they start, they see some other hikers passing by. After some walking, talking, and an impromptu foot race, they decide to head back. Before long, they realize that they are lost. That night, they build a campfire. Over the next couple of days, the two hikers wander through the wilderness without food or water. They try splitting up for awhile, they try to retrace their steps, they try to follow some animal tracks, all to no avail. They grow increasingly irritated with each other as the situation becomes dire. They eventually find themselves slowly walking, mostly in silence, through a desert. They finally collapse due to fatigue and dehydration. The weaker of the two  proclaims that he is "leaving", and reaches towards Damon\'s character. Damon\'s character rolls on top of Affleck and wordlessly strangles him before collapsing again. After some time, Damon\'s character awakens and discovers that a highway is not far away. In the final sequence, he is badly sunburned but watches the passing landscape from the car of the father and son who have seemingly rescued him.'] ['Rusty, played by Shawn Hatosy, and Dallas, played by Caan, are best friends, in their mid-20\'s. Their main source of income is collecting small debts for a local crime boss, Bear . Rusty\'s mother, played by Kelly Lynch, is constantly bailing them out of jail, stitching their cuts, and trying desperately to get them to change their ways, but can\'t seem to break them out of this destructive pattern. Desperate to help her son, she persuades Rusty to begin sessions with the therapist she is dating, Bob . Around the same time that Rusty is making up his mind to go back to Texas to compete in rodeos, Dallas is presented the opportunity to be the driver for "Rubin the Roofer", where there is supposedly $50,000 to be had, of which he will get $20,000. But he has to put $1,000 up front for Rubin, to ensure he doesn\'t get scared and flee. In the search to collect the $1,000, Dallas attempts to borrow $300 from Christian , one of the men they collect money from for Bear. Christian refuses to loan Dallas the money, so Dallas offers to rob Bear with Christian, telling Christian he knows for a fact that there is $150,000 to be had, as long as he gives him the $300. Christian ends up overhearing Dallas tell Rusty that he won\'t go through with the plan with Christian, but will still do the job with Rubin. Christian follows Dallas and Rubin on their robbery job, and it turns out that they are robbing Bear. After Rubin goes inside, Dallas decides to go after him to get the proper share of the $150,000. They end up getting killed trying to rob Bear. In the end, Rusty goes to Texas, and rodeos like he wanted to. On the bus ride to Texas, Rusty sees a sign that says "Dallas 362", the title of the film.'] ['The film begins with Maurice and Dave trying and failing to sale mailed steaks to people. When they return to their boss he has become tired of their incompetence and gives them cards with the names and addresses of their highest buyers, warning them that this is their last chance or they\'re fired. While driving Dave loses one of the cards and asks Maurice to turn around and go back. Unable to find it they try their luck with the last card they have. The card gives them the address of a woman named Loridonna. While describing their varieties of meat Loridonna gets a phone call from her friend Suzzane who has swallowed a fish and needs help. Loridonna lies that Dave is a doctor and gets him to talk to Suzzane. While Dave is talking to Suzzane Loridonna begins to seductively talk about wanting Maurice\'s "meat". Although he is turned on Maurice tries to seal a deal with Loridonna, but before Loridonna signs Dave comes in saying that Suzzane wants to kill herself. Loridonna begins to worry and tries to leave, not wanting to lose their jobs Maurice and Dave offer to drive Loridonna to Suzzane\'s house. When they get there Maurice and Dave learn that Suzzane is a drunk who says that her suicide was a false alarm. When Dave is left with the task of trying to calm down and comfort Suzzane, Loridonna and Maurice begin making out in the other room. Moments later Tony, Suzzane\'s husband, comes home and finds Maurice with Loridonna. Tony casually changes clothes while telling Maurice that Loridonna was once a man. Embarrassed Loridonna confirms this and tries to explain it to Maurice, but he is too disappointed  to care. Tony then comes out to the living room and attempts to kill Dave thinking that he tried to make out with Suzzane. After explaining what happened Dave and Tony become friendly with one another and Tony begins to grill some steaks. Dave tries to seal a deal with Tony, but he leaves to get a paper towel, because he spilled BBQ sauce on the order paper, only to be ambushed, shot, and killed by two hitmen. After finding some of Tony\'s guns Dave and Maurice are able to make the two hitmen surrender. After some awkward talking and making some promises Dave and Maurice give the two hitmen their guns back. After receiving a call from their boss the two hit men are ordered to kill Dave and Maurice. Instead of killing them the two hitmen tie up and put them into the trunk of their car. After some driving Dave and Maurice try to escape while the two hitmen go to a party. Maurice is able to get out and goes to get things to free Dave, because he got stuck. Maurice then sees Goldblurn, one of the names on the cards they got from their boss, and is convinced that the past events were for a reason. After freeing Dave and telling him what he saw Dave is skeptical but becomes a believer after seeing his wife and daughter on a bus a block away. They begin with introducing themselves and describing the tenderness of their steaks. Maurice notices the two hitmen have returned looking for them and Maurice is able to lock the door and return to Dave to warn him. Dave is unable to leave because Goldblurn is rambling on that Dave and Maurice could be selling steaks to save their sorry asses, but "seem okay." He signs and before leaving warn Goldblurn that two hitmen and their boss are here to kill him. Dave gives Goldblurn the gun Tony had when he was killed and Goldblurn tells Dave and Maurice he expects his delivery within 10 days. When Maurice and Dave drive off they look back to see shots fired before Goldblurn comes out without a scratch ordering his men that he wants "the place cleaned up as if it never happened." Dave and Maurice return to their boss with seven order papers filled out and 21 grand up front from Goldblurn. The film ends with Dave and Maurice having a barbecue with Dave\'s family.'] ['Wilhelm Grimm and Jakob Grimm arrive in French-occupied Germany during the early 19th century. They go to Karlstadt to rid the town of a witch\'s ghost. After killing the "ghost", it is revealed that the Brothers Grimm have actually set up a fake witch to trick the town. Afterwards, as they are celebrating, Italian torturer Cavaldi takes them to the French General Delatombe. Delatombe forces them to solve a mystery: the girls of the small village of Marbaden are disappearing and the villagers are convinced that supernatural beings are responsible. The Grimms are charged with finding who is responsible and they soon discover that it is the work of a real supernatural force: a beautiful, yet dangerous 500-year-old Thuringian queen stealing young girls to restore her own beauty. Will and Jake have a complicated relationship, since Jake is the smaller, younger, more sensitive one that Will feels he needs to protect. Will is often very hard on Jake  and orders him around. Will is somewhat of a womanizer and wants to make money, while Jake is more interested in fairy tales and adventures. Jake feels that Will doesn\'t care about or believe in him, but Will is just frustrated about the way Jake acts so spontaneously, therefore making it hard for Will to protect him. Long ago, King Childeric I came to the forest to build a city while the queen experimented with black magic to gain eternal life. A plague swept through the land and she hid in her tower, while her husband and everyone below her perished. Her spell granted her immortal life, but not the youth and beauty to go along with it. Her youthful appearance now only exists in her mirror, the source of her life, as an illusion and nothing more. She needs to drink the blood of twelve young girls to regain her beauty; ten have already been reported missing. The queen is working an enchantment to regain her beauty with the aid of her werewolf huntsman and his magic axe, crow familiars, and various creatures in the forest. The Grimms, with the help of Cavaldi and Angelika, a knowing huntress from the village, intend to destroy The Mirror Queen. After another girl goes missing, Cavaldi takes the Grimms and Angelika back to Delatombe. Because they have failed, Cavaldi is ordered to kill both the Grimms, but after convincing Delatombe that the magic in the forest is actually caused by German rebels, he sends them back. While Cavaldi stays behind with Angelika in the village, the brothers attempt to get into the tower. Jake succeeds and discovers the queen and the power of her mirror. Meanwhile, another girl named Sasha is captured despite Angelika and Cavaldi\'s efforts to save her. Jake rides into the forest alone after a spat with Will, who follows him. After mistaking a dummy that is smashed into the tower for Jake, Will realizes that Jake needs him to believe in him, and assists Jake in climbing up the tower. On the roof of the tower, Jake notices twelve crypts in which the twelve victims must lie. When Sasha\'s body comes up from a well, the werewolf takes her to a tomb. After rescuing Sasha and taking the werewolf\'s magic axe, the Grimms return to the village. Delatombe captures the brothers and believes them to be frauds. French soldiers begin burning down the forest and Cavaldi represses his sympathy to the brothers, but they are eventually saved by Angelika. The werewolf is revealed to be Angelika\'s father, who is under the Queen\'s spell. It turns out that he is only able to keep on living due to an enchanted spike that is lodged into his chest and without such, the spell is broken. Angelika is drowned by her father, becoming the 12th victim. The Brothers reach the tower while the Queen breathes an ice wind which puts out the forest fire. Delatombe notices that the Grimms have escaped and goes after them with Cavaldi. When Cavaldi refuses to kill the Grimms, Delatombe shoots him, but is later impaled by Will. Will and Jake enter the tower, where Will falls under the Queen\'s spell by taking the enchanted spike from Angelika\'s father and lodging it inside of Will instead. Jake shatters the enchanting mirror in the tower, preventing the queen from completing the spell that will restore her youth. With the last of his strength, Angelika\'s father destroys the rest of the mirror by jumping out of the window with it, and Will, in an attempt to save the queen, tries to take back the mirror and falls with him, and both men are killed. Outside, Cavaldi survives, having donned the Grimm\'s faux-magic armor. He finds Will\'s body and recites an Italian curse, and the tower falls apart. Jake escapes, and Cavaldi informs Jake that he can break the spell and awaken Angelika with a kiss, which in turn resurrects the other girls and Will. With the menace gone and their daughters returned to them, the villagers of Marbaden celebrate and give their heart-felt thanks to the brothers. Cavaldi stays in the village and joins the villagers for the feast. Angelika kisses both the Grimms and tells them that they are always welcome at the village. The Grimms decide to pursue a new profession, presumably recording fairy tales although they are now wanted criminals of the state. One of the queen\'s crows is seen flying off with the last shard of her mirror, still holding the queen\'s watchful eye, and presumably, her living soul.'] ['Having successfully completed his final mission three years prior, which was to retrieve a truck load of plutonium stolen from a US military base in Croatia by freelance international terrorist Stavros , government anti-terrorist agent Jack Paul Quinn  is relaxing by his pool in South France with Kathryn, his pregnant wife. Quinn is approached by a government representative who tells him that Stavros, Quinn’s nemesis, has become active again and tries to convince Quinn to come out of retirement telling Quinn that he ‘can’t retire until he [Stavros] does’. Quinn is reluctant to return to duty but agrees after the same representative is killed by Stavros shortly after the meeting with Quinn.  Acting on intelligence received, Quinn travels to Antwerp, Belgium where he meets up with quirky arms dealer Yaz, , who equips Quinn with weaponry and then proceeds to meet the Delta team put together to capture Stavros. Stavros has been tracked to an amusement park but Quinn hesitates to give the order to shoot Stavros when it becomes apparent that Stavros is meeting with his six-year-old son. Stavros exploits Quinn’s hesitation and a shootout ensues in which Stavros’ son is killed and Stavros is able to escape into a hospital, pursued by Quinn. Stavros and Quinn fight in the hospital’s maternity ward with Stavros getting away after knocking Quinn unconscious in an explosion. Quinn wakes up on ‘The Colony’, an inescapable, invisible penal institution island for secret agents reminiscent of The Village from The Prisoner. Quinn learns that he has been sent to the Colony due to his failure to capture Stavros, that his family has been told he was killed and that only agents considered ‘too valuable to kill but too dangerous to set free’ are committed to the institution. The occupants of the Colony are expected to help analyse terrorist threats and have to register themselves present every day using a fingerprint scanner. Meanwhile, Kathryn receives a call from an art gallery in Rome telling her that they would like to display her sculptures and that they will fly her out immediately. When she arrives, Stavros kidnaps her. Whilst analysing information received from a terrorist bombing, Quinn picks up a message from Stavros telling him that Stavros has captured Kathryn and so Quinn realises he must escape the Colony if he is to save her. Quinn devises a system to fool the fingerprint scanner and is able to leave the island by attaching himself to cargo due to be extracted from the island from the air. Quinn goes to Yaz, the only man who can help him, pleading for assistance in return for access to CIA bank accounts. Yaz agrees to help and the two go to Quinn’s house where they are ambushed by Stavros’ men. After fighting the men off, Quinn receives a message from Stavros telling him that he must go to Rome for his baby’s sake. When they arrive in Rome, Yaz learns that Quinn’s wife is pregnant after Stavros delivers a sonogram of the baby to the given rendezvous. Quinn emails Stavros encouraging him to meet in a town square, knowing that Stavros will have to take the bait. At the meeting point, Quinn catches sight of Kathryn in a car but is intercepted by Stavros before he can reach her and a shootout occurs as Kathryn is driven away. Quinn tracks Stavros’ henchmen down to the hotel suite where Kathryn was being held and finds a clue to her whereabouts — a prescription bottle label. Meanwhile, Kathryn is transported to hospital where she gives birth. Using the prescription bottle and with Yaz’s help, Quinn is able to track down the hospital where he finds Kathryn but discovers that Stavros has taken his son. Thanks to assistance from a nurse, Quinn locates Stavros and the baby in an explosives-rigged Roman amphitheater. Stavros leaves Quinn in the middle of a minefield with his son and then unleashes a tiger. Thankfully, Yaz arrives on a motorbike and is able to snatch the baby, leaving Quinn to escape from the tiger and go after Stravros. Quinn and Stavros fight in the minefield until Stavros steps on a mine  and is left stranded. Quinn, his son and Yaz run as Stavros is charged by the tiger and takes his foot off the mine, a chain reaction rips the amphitheater apart and Quinn is able to shield his friends from the ensuing blast by sheltering under a Coke dispenser. Stavros and the tiger are killed in the blast.'] ['Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski returns home only to be roughed up by two thugs claiming to be collecting money that Lebowski\'s wife owes a man named Jackie Treehorn. After beating him and urinating on his rug, they realize they are looking for a different person with the same name, and they leave. The Dude discusses the situation with his bowling friends, the timid Donny  and the aggressive Walter . At the instigation of Walter, The Dude decides to seek compensation for the rug from the other Jeffrey Lebowski. The next day, the titular "Big" Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, refuses The Dude\'s request. The Dude meets Bunny Lebowski , the Big Lebowski\'s nymphomaniac trophy wife, while leaving the premises with a rug taken from the mansion. Days later, the Big Lebowski contacts The Dude, revealing that Bunny has been kidnapped. He asks The Dude to act as a courier for the million-dollar ransom because The Dude will be able to confirm whether or not the kidnappers were the same thugs. Later, a different set of thugs enter The Dude\'s apartment, knock him unconscious, and steal his new rug. When Bunny\'s kidnappers call to arrange the ransom exchange, Walter tries to convince The Dude to keep the money and give the kidnappers a "ringer" suitcase filled with his dirty underwear. The kidnappers escape with the ringer, and The Dude and Walter are left with the million-dollar ransom. Later that night, The Dude\'s car is stolen, along with the briefcase filled with money. The Dude receives a message from the Big Lebowski\'s daughter, Maude, who admits to hiring the criminals who knocked him unconscious. The Dude visits her at her art studio, and she reveals that Bunny is a porn starlet working for Jackie Treehorn. She agrees with The Dude\'s suspicion that Bunny kidnapped herself and asks The Dude to recover the ransom, as it was illegally withdrawn by her father from a charity. The Big Lebowski angrily confronts The Dude over his failure to hand over the money, and hands The Dude an envelope sent to him by the kidnappers which contains a severed toe, presumably Bunny\'s. The Dude later receives a message that his car has been found. Mid-message, three German nihilists invade the Dude\'s apartment, identifying themselves as the kidnappers. They interrogate and threaten him for the ransom money. The Dude returns to Maude\'s studio, where she identifies the German nihilists as Bunny\'s friends. The Dude picks up his car from the police, but the briefcase with the ransom money is still missing. He and Walter track down the supposed thief, a teenager named Larry Sellers. Their confrontation with Larry is unsuccessful, and the Dude and Walter leave without getting any money or information. Jackie Treehorn\'s thugs return to The Dude\'s apartment to bring him to Treehorn\'s beach house in Malibu. Treehorn inquires about the whereabouts of Bunny, and the money, offering him a cut of any funds recovered. Treehorn then drugs The Dude\'s drink and The Dude passes out. After a surreal dream blending the themes of bowling, the Persian Gulf War, Maude’s “vaginal” art, and the nihilists, The Dude wakes up in a police car and is then placed in front of the police chief of Malibu. The police chief verbally and physically assaults The Dude and warns him not to return to Malibu. After a cab ride home, The Dude exits and a red sportscar zooms past. Bunny is driving, with all ten toes intact. The Dude is greeted by Maude Lebowski, who seduces him. During post-coital conversation with Maude, The Dude learns that she hopes to conceive a child with him but wants him to have no hand in the child\'s upbringing. He also finds out that, despite appearances, her father has no money of his own. Maude\'s late mother was the rich one, and she left her money exclusively to the family charity. In a flash, The Dude unravels the whole scheme: when the Big Lebowski heard that Bunny was kidnapped, he used it as a pretense for an embezzlement scheme, in which he withdrew the ransom money from the family charity to keep for himself. He gave an empty briefcase to The Dude , and was content to let the kidnappers kill Bunny. Meanwhile, it is now clear that the kidnapping was itself a ruse. While Bunny took an unannounced trip, the nihilists  alleged a kidnapping in order to get money from her husband. The Dude and Walter arrive at the Big Lebowski residence, finding Bunny back at home from her trip. They confront the Big Lebowski with their version of the events. The affair apparently over, The Dude and his bowling teammates are suddenly confronted by the nihilists, who have set The Dude\'s car on fire. They once again demand the million dollars. After hearing what The Dude and Walter know, the nihilists demand all the money in their pockets. Walter responds by throwing a bowling ball one nihilist\'s ribs, biting another\'s ear off, and knocking the final nihilist unconscious with their portable radio. However, in the aftermath, the Dude\'s timid bowling companion Donny has a heart attack and dies. Walter and The Dude go to a cliff overlooking a beach to scatter Donny\'s ashes. After an informal eulogy which Walter turns into a tribute to the Vietnam War and accidentally covers The Dude with Donny\'s ashes, Walter suggests, "Fuck it, Dude. Let\'s go bowling." The movie ends back at the bowling alley where "The Stranger" , a narrator seen sitting at the bar, speaks to the camera and hints to the audience that Maude may be pregnant with a "little Lebowski".'] ["The film centers around Meg , a med student who after a traumatic experience moves to Staten Island to live with her grandmother while she gets back on her feet. Her grandmother's care giver, Mrs. Saladino, recommends Meg a waitress job in a family-run Italian restaurant called 'Santalino's'. There, Meg meets Raychel  and Kate  and becomes fast friends with the two. Not long after starting, Meg discovers exactly what kind of clientele she is serving, the Mob. Meg becomes an adored fixture and valued asset due to her medical training, offering medical advice to several of the mobsters. One night she becomes the focus of anger from one of the mob men, who slaps her. This led to Frankie  and Mr. Santalino to kill the man. Frankie forcifily orders Meg to chop up the body. Now realizing what she has gotten into she decides she needs to get out as fast as possible. She confides in Kate, and she discovers that Kate is actually an undercover police officer. Meg is then convinced by the police to help them in a sting operation. She is soon discovered and a shoot out ensues in the restaurant. She is then believed to be dead. Raychel has moved on to a more subdued life. In the final scene Kate returns on their birthday July 11th and reveals that Meg is actually alive, and the girls celebrate the pact that they made the year before. {{Citation needed}}"] ["{{Expand section}} When their kingpin is murdered, bungling small-fry marijuana harvesters in Northern California try to keep the business running, negotiating the biggest sale ever and keeping his death a secret. But when silent partners, the Mafia, the police, and other meddlers crash the party, they begin to realize they're in over their heads."] ['In 2002, five years after Men in Black, Agent J  is now the top operative for the MIB, the self-funded New York City-based agency that secretly monitors and regulates extraterrestrials\' activity on Earth. J is largely without a partner, after Agent L  decided to return to her former life working in a morgue. Since then, subsequent partners have not lived up to J\'s professional standards. While investigating a seemingly routine crime at a SoHo pizzeria, J uncovers a diabolical plot by Serleena, a shapeshifting Kylothian Queen who has arrived to Earth after destroying several planets and disguises hisself as a lingerie model , but resembles a plant-like hydra in her own form. The neuralyzed Agent K  has assumed civilian life as Kevin Brown, postmaster of Truro in Massachusetts, and to stop her, J must convince Kevin to rejoin MIB, because he is the only operative still alive who knows how to find what Serleena wants, the "Light of Zartha". It also turned out that the planets that Serleena destroyed were the previous places she looked for the Light. While J tries to deneuralyze Kevin, Serleena breaks into MIB resulting in a lock down; J and Kevin escape after being flushed from the building. J then takes Kevin to Jack Jeebs , who built an unofficial deneuralyzer. Although K eventually regains some of his memory, he still has no recollection of the "Light of Zartha"  but left himself a series of clues in case he needed to remember. The clues eventually lead to a videostore where they watch a tape that jars K\'s memory: 25 years ago, the Zarthan Queen Laurana arrived on Earth to try to hide the Light of Zartha, but the MIB refused to help due to their neutrality. Serleena arrived to steal the Light, but K activated the Zarthan ship and sent it away. Serleena, believing the Light is on board the ship, chased the ship, but not before fatally shooting Laurana. K then reveals that the ship was a decoy, and that the Light is still hidden on Earth. Meanwhile, Serleena frees all of the MIB\'s high-security prisoners and uses them as henchmen. Believing that the Light is in the bracelet worn by Laura Vasquez , a waitress at the pizzeria, Serleena kidnaps Laura and prepares to send her back to her homeworld. K and J, with the help of the "worm guys", assault MIB headquarters, defeat Serleena\'s henchmen, and rescue Laura. However, K warns them that if the Light is not taken off Earth and returned to Zartha, it will explode and destroy the planet. As they make their way to the departure point by flying in J\'s car that can turn into a ship, Serleena gives chase but is eaten by Jeff, a giant alien worm living in the New York subway system. When they reach the departure point, K reveals that Laura is Laurana\'s daughter and the actual Light of Zartha . To save Earth and Zartha, Laura reluctantly leaves Earth, much to J\'s dismay, as he had developed feelings for her. Serleena returns to try to capture Laura again, having apparently assimilated Jeff into herself before killing him. Fortunately, K and J manage to destroy her for good, allowing Laura to escape to her homeworld. To cover up the chaos caused by Serleena\'s rampage, K activates a giant neuralyzer hidden in the Statue of Liberty\'s torch. Now that Laura is gone, K and Agent Zed , the head of MIB, try to console J for his loss, but he answers that he needs no consolation and had accepted her departure without much sorrow. To provide a measure of comfort, K puts the aliens that were found in a Grand Central Terminal locker  into J\'s locker. After J suggests showing those aliens that their world is bigger than a locker, K shows him and Frank  that they themselves are a species kept in a locker in an alien station, in contrast to their rookie worldview.'] ['Lorna Cole is pregnant with LAPD sergeant Martin Riggs\' baby; they are not married, but both are thinking about it. Police sergeant Roger Murtaugh\'s daughter Rianne is also pregnant, and Riggs later learns from Lorna that Rianne has secretly married Lee Butters , a young detective who works at the same precinct as Murtaugh and Riggs – secretly because Roger had made it clear that his daughter should not marry a police officer. Riggs, Murtaugh, and Butters – with some assistance from Leo Getz , who is now a private detective – investigate a Chinese immigrant smuggling ring after they come across a vessel with a cargo hold of Chinese slave laborers; in the course of these events Murtaugh\'s boat is sunk. Murtaugh finds a dinghy alongside with a Chinese family whom he provides shelter for at his house, claiming to be "freeing slaves." Information about a crime boss named Benny Chan , a.k.a. "Uncle Benny," leads them to Chinatown, where they are introduced to a high-ranking Triad negotiator named Wah Sing Ku . Benny forces the three cops out of the restaurant without providing information on what his and the Triads\' plans are. Outside, the cops encounter the captain of the ship and chase him and another suspect. The other suspect turns out to be a restaurant waiter and is freed. Ku later kills the captain for letting the cops know about their secret plans. Riggs and Murtaugh hire Leo to follow Benny around, but after Hong, the father of the Chinese family Murtaugh rescued, contacts his uncle, they come home to find Ku and his men holding Lorna and Murtaugh\'s family hostage and that Hong and his family are taken away. After a brief fight, the house is set on fire with everyone tied up inside. Ping, one of the Hong children, however, frees them, having eluded captivity. Murtaugh and Riggs chase down two of the triad members down a freeway, but both men are killed in collision with traffic without giving any information on the Hongs\' whereabouts. Ku and the other men visit a Chinese-based holding cell being run by a corrupt Chinese general, who is holding four Triad overlords known as the "Four Fathers," one of whom is Ku\'s brother, and demanding a huge payoff from the Triads for their release. After Riggs and Murtaugh return to Murtaugh\'s home, Leo informs them and Butters that Benny is seeing his dentist, and using Leo to distract the dentist, the three cops use nitrous oxide to extract information from Benny. Riggs inadvertently reveals that Butters is Rianne\'s husband and the father of her baby. Because they had accidentally exposed themselves to the laughing gas as well, they misunderstood the information Benny provided them, which initially leads to some complications in their investigation. Ku brings the Hongs to the Triads\' hideout, where it is revealed that the Triads plan to give the corrupt general counterfeit Chinese money for the Four Fathers\' release. The captive artist working on the printing plates is the elder uncle to Hong and agreed to do the job in exchange for his family\'s safe passage to the United States. Ku kills Hong in order to secure his uncle\'s cooperation. With the printing plates completed, he and Benny are also killed for exposing the operation and to protect the forgery. Detective Ng, who is familiar with Chinese society, corrects Murtaugh and the other officers on the information Benny provided earlier and explains why the Triads torched Murtaugh\'s home. After Riggs picks up Ping and Lorna, the officers locate the hideout, but find only the dead and some of the counterfeit Chinese money inside. Ng once again helps them piece the entire operation together. At the meeting between Ku and the corrupt general, Riggs, Murtaugh, Butters and other detectives expose the counterfeit money; as a result the general kills three of the Four Fathers. Ku\'s henchmen kill the general, and a firefight breaks out between the cops, the Triads and the general\'s private army. Butters is shot in the back while protecting Murtaugh and Murtaugh kills Ku\'s brother while aiming for Ku. In revenge, Ku tries to kill Riggs and Murtaugh on a pier. Murtaugh is knocked out after impaling Ku on a piece of rebar while Riggs and Ku fall into the water when the pier collapses. Riggs struggles with Ku underwater and shoots him to death with an AK-47, but a slab of concrete from the pier falls and pins Riggs underwater until Murtaugh wakes up, jumps in, and saves him. Riggs visits his dead wife\'s grave and asks her for advice about his impending marriage with Lorna, about which he still has doubts. He is interrupted by the arrival of Leo, who tells a story from his childhood that makes Riggs see the idea of remarrying in a new light. Riggs\' pager goes off, indicating that Lorna is giving birth, and the two rush to the hospital. Riggs and Lorna are ceremonially married by a rabbi just before their and Rianne\'s babies are born, Murtaugh accepts Butters as his son-in-law, Riggs and Murtaugh are given their rank of Sergeant back and Hong\'s family is granted asylum.'] ["It's 1987 in Bayonne, New Jersey and Debby Miller has just been diagnosed with a condition called hysterical blindness in which there are moments when her sight fades in and out. The doctor tells her to try to have fun with her friends. She and her best friend Beth go to their favorite pub, Ollie's, and try to find a man and have a drink. Beth flirts with the bartender and Debby gets angry with her and decides to go outside. There she meets Rick. He wants little to do with her but she convinces him to walk her to her car. As a 'thank you' she offers to buy him a drink and tells him that she will be at the same bar again tomorrow. The next day they run into each other at the same bar and she asks him to go somewhere else and they end up at his house. It is clear that Rick has little interest in Debby, so to move things along she tells him that she 'gives a great blow job.' Afterwards, she thinks she has found love, but Rick was only looking for a one night stand. Debby goes home, where her mother Virginia has also started dating an older man named Nick who wants her to move with him to Florida. Nick passes away suddenly from a heart attack, and Virginia realizes that until she met Nick, she had been living her life waiting for things to happen to her. In the end, Debby, Beth and Virginia struggle to find stability in their New Jersey town and agree that all they need is each other."] ["Thelma Dickinson  is a passive housewife, married to a controlling man, Darryl . Louise Sawyer  is a single waitress who appears strong, organized, and stern, with some unspecified trauma in her past. The two head out in Louise's 1966 Ford Thunderbird convertible for a two-day vacation in the mountains that quickly turns into a nightmare before they reach their destination. They stop for a drink at a cowboy bar, where Thelma meets and dances with Harlan Puckett . She gets drunk and Harlan attempts to rape her in the parking lot. Louise finds them and threatens to shoot Harlan with a gun Thelma brought with her. Harlan stops, but as the women walk away, he yells profanity and insults them. Louise loses her temper and fires, killing him. Thelma wants to go to the police, but Louise says that because Thelma was drunk and had been dancing with Harlan, no one will believe he tried to rape her. Afraid that she will be prosecuted, Louise decides to run away, and Thelma accompanies her. Louise is determined to travel from Oklahoma to Mexico, but refuses to go through Texas. It is revealed that something happened to her in Texas years earlier, but she refuses to say exactly what. Heading west, they come across J.D. , and Thelma convinces Louise to let him hitch a ride with them. Louise contacts her boyfriend Jimmy Lennox  and asks him to send her life savings via Western Union. When she goes to pick up the money, she finds that Jimmy has come to see her. Thelma invites J.D. into her room and learns he is a thief who has broken parole. They become intimate, and J.D. describes how he conducted his hold-ups. Jimmy asks Louise to marry him, and she refuses. In the morning, Thelma tells Louise about her night with J.D. Louise asks where J.D. is, and they find that he is gone with the money. Louise is distraught and frozen with indecision, so a guilty Thelma takes charge. Meanwhile, the FBI, after questioning J.D., Jimmy, and Darryl, are getting closer to catching the fugitives. Detective Hal Slocumb  discovers the event that Louise experienced in Texas, and during a couple of brief phone conversations, expresses sympathy for her predicament and pledges to protect her. But he is unsuccessful in his attempts to persuade her to surrender. While Louise waits in the car, Thelma, attempting to make up for the money J.D. stole, robs a convenience store. When a policeman  stops them, Thelma threatens him with her gun, steals his gun, and locks him in the trunk of his cruiser. They encounter a truck driver  who repeatedly makes obscene gestures at them. They pull over to demand an apology, but when he refuses, they fire at the truck's fuel tank, causing it to explode. Thelma and Louise are finally cornered by police only 100 yards from the edge of the Grand Canyon. Detective Slocumb arrives on the scene, but he is refused the chance to make one last attempt to talk the women into surrendering themselves. Rather than be captured and spend the rest of their lives in jail, Thelma proposes that they keep going. Louise asks Thelma if she is certain, Thelma says yes, and steps on the gas. As soon as the car starts forward, Slocumb sprints after it in an attempt to save them, but the car drives over the cliff."] ["{{Plot|dateSummer's BeginningBridget VreelandLena KaligarisTibby RollinsCarmen LowellSummer's End Brian breaks up with Effie to reunite with Tibby. Effie is upset, and steals the Pants and takes them to Greece to visit her grandmother, but loses them. The girls fight about whether the pants are worth saving. Lena travels to Greece to find them, and the Sisterhood follow to help and to reunite her with Kostos. She is frightened, but her friends convince her. The girls are unable to find the Pants, but the summer ends with a renewal of their commitment to each other."] ['{{plot}} Two friends from different backgrounds, whose friendship spans more than 30 years through childhood, love, and tragedy: C.C. Bloom, a New York actress and singer, and Hillary Whitney, a San Francisco heiress and lawyer, become fast friends and keep in touch through letters growing up into adulthood. The film begins with singer C.C. Bloom  receiving a note during a rehearsal for her upcoming concert, a note which contains distressing news about her best friend Hillary. She leaves the rehearsal in a panic and tries frantically to travel to her friend\'s side although we are not told why at that point. Unable to get a flight to San Francisco because of fog, she rents a car and decides to drive overnight from Los Angeles. Upset and on edge, she starts to think about her best friend Hillary, beginning with how they first met. Rich girl Hillary Whitney  and child performer Cecilia Carol "C.C." Bloom  meet under the boardwalk on the beach in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in 1958. Hillary is lost and C.C. is hiding from her overbearing stage mother . They become fast friends, growing up and bonding through letters of support to each other. A grown-up Hillary  goes on to study law at Stanford Law School  and becomes a human rights lawyer. In the meantime, the singing career of the now-adult C.C. is not exactly taking off. They write to each other regularly and give updates on their lives. Then one night, Hillary shows up at the dive bar where C.C. is performing, having travelled to New York City on an impulse. She is tired of feeling trapped in her life and feels suffocated by her family\'s expectations of her. She soon gets a job with the ACLU, whereas C.C. now makes money by performing birthday singing telegrams, usually dressed in a rabbit or chicken suit. After she has accepted C.C.\'s offer to stay with her in her apartment, they become closer but eventually vie for the love of the same man ([[John Heard , the artistic director of the Falcon Players, who gives C.C. her start after listening to her delivery of a birthday singing telegram to him. A love triangle ensues as Hillary and John are instantly attracted to one another, leaving C.C. in the cold and feeling resentment toward her best friend. Matters are made worse when Hillary and John finally sleep together on C.C.\'s opening-night performance marking C.C.\'s first lead in an off-Broadway production. A cloud comes over Hillary\'s life in the form of her father becoming ill, and she is forced to return to San Francisco to look after him. The two friends resolve their issues about John, as John does not have romantic feelings for C.C. After her father passes away, Hillary marries his lawyer, Michael Essex . C.C. and John spend a lot of time together, start dating and eventually marry which leads again to the bond between the two women declining. Hillary and Michael return to New York to see C.C. on Broadway, by which time she has become a Broadway star. C.C. finds out that Hillary has resigned her position as a lawyer. The friends have an argument in Bloomingdales department store, with C.C. angry that Hillary has just given up on her dreams, and Hillary responding that C.C. has become no more than a "pretentious, social climber" who is obsessed with her career. The two women part ways, and unbeknownst to each other, they both feel incredible sadness over the loss of their friendship. C.C. tries to reconnect with Hillary, but Hillary throws herself into being a dutiful, but unchallenged, wife. However, the unions for both women are anything but blissful. The relationship between C.C. and John eventually deteriorates when John tells C.C. that her self-centeredness and obsession with her career has him feeling left behind and he asks for a divorce. Upset at the thought of her marriage failing, C.C. turns to her mother  one day on the beach. Her mother tells her that she has given up a lot for her daughter and that she must live her life and take care of herself. C.C. hears the truth for the first time when her mother tells her the effect that her selfishness has had on those closest to her. Meanwhile, Hillary, while believing that her marriage is strong, returns home from a trip earlier than expected. She enters the kitchen and sees her husband having breakfast with another woman who is wearing one of her bathrobes. Michael, shocked at seeing his wife, reaches for the woman\'s hand, wordlessly confirming that he has been having an affair. Later, the women reunite after Hillary divorces her husband and they both discover that they have been secretly jealous of each other for years without realizing it. Hillary is upset that she has none of the talent or charisma that C.C. is noted for, but as C.C. is about to retaliate, she admits, instead, that Hillary stands out for reasons that she  has always been deeply envious of: she is both beautiful and intelligent. The two then realize that their feud could have been avoided by honest communication, and an appreciation of each other\'s most recognized qualities. Hillary tells C.C. that she is pregnant and also that she caught Michael cheating on her, and that he wants nothing to do with the child he has fathered, planning to marry his mistress instead. Hillary admits that she has already decided to keep the baby and raise it as a single parent, a decision that wins her much admiration from the feisty and always independent C.C. who promises she will stay and help her out. Although she leaves for a short time because she is promised a lead part in a new musical, she returns in time for the birth and faints in the delivery room, alluding to the recurrent theme of C.C. stealing the attention from Hillary. Hillary has a daughter, whom she names Victoria Cecilia . When Victoria is a young girl, Hillary finds herself easily exhausted and breathless, a state she attributes to her busy schedule as an attorney. But when she collapses at work and is rushed to the hospital, she is diagnosed with viral cardiomyopathy, a debilitating cardiac illness, requiring a heart transplant if she is to live. She is put on a donor list, but it is rare that a heart of her tissue type will be found in time. Hillary learns more about the illness and it becomes clear that she will most likely die as a result of it, depriving her of the chance to live to see her daughter grow up. This plunges her into a state of depression, which she inadvertently takes out on C.C. who she sees as "having energy", and who is "fun", in comparison to her now debilitated state. When C.C. agrees to accompany Hillary and Victoria to the beach house during some free time off after completing her album, she locks horns with Victoria who sees her as an interruption in the life of both her and her mother. Gradually, both come to appreciate one another. Eventually, Hillary sheds her feelings of anger and depression and begins to accept her prognosis bravely. When C.C. makes a comment to Hillary that she knows everything that there is to know about her, Hillary replies, under her breath, that she\'s "counting on it". C.C. heads back home for a quick performance while Hillary is left to prepare Victoria to attend C.C.\'s concert. Before leaving, Victoria returns to her room to find her mother passed out on the floor and suddenly screams for help. C.C. races to the hospital in San Francisco after driving all night from Los Angeles. Hillary, close to death, tells C.C. that her one last wish is for Victoria not to see her in that state. C.C. arranges to get Hillary discharged from the hospital so that she can spend her last hours saying goodbye to Victoria. They return to the beach house  and C.C. does all she can to make the final moments of her best friend\'s life as comfortable and as enjoyable as possible. The scene cuts away to a cemetery, and Hillary\'s headstone. C.C. takes Victoria back to her home to settle Hillary\'s affairs. After the funeral, C.C. reveals to Victoria that her mother wanted her to live with C.C. who is honest enough to admit that she is very selfish and has no idea what kind of a mother she will make but also tells her: "there\'s nothing in the world that I want more than to be with you". She then takes Victoria into her arms and the two console each other in their grief. Though there are other relatives who want to take Victoria , Victoria decides to go with C.C.. C.C. returns to the Hollywood Bowl to complete the concert that she was forced to postpone because of Hillary\'s illness, and we learn that C.C. Bloom now enjoys almost iconic status as a performer. After the show, she leaves the stage with Victoria in hand, and begins reciting tales of when she first met Hillary just as Hillary had hoped she would. Victoria is enchanted with her new guardian\'s anecdotes. C.C.\'s and Victoria\'s voices fade as we hear the younger C.C. and Hillary speak: "Be sure to keep in touch, C.C., O.K.?" "Well sure, we\'re friends aren\'t we?" The film ends with a clip from the start of the film of C.C. and Hillary taking pictures together, in a photo booth, on the day they first met.'] ['Dan Rayburn  and Charlie Reed  are best friends and co-owners of a successful sports marketing firm. Seven years prior, Dan, recently divorced, married Vicki  after being whisked away by Charlie for a tropical vacation. The wedding, however, is short lived. Seven years later, Vicki resurfaces to tell Dan that their short marriage resulted in something he never suspected: twins Zach  and Emily . Vicki, facing jail time for her work as an environmental activist, asks Dan to take care of the kids while she does her time. Thinking this might be his chance to get back with Vicki, Dan agrees, but only if Charlie will help him since neither have any experience taking care of kids. At the same time, the two must finalize a huge marketing deal with a Japanese company; something they\'ve always dreamed of, but will take all of their talents to clinch. Because Dan\'s condo does not allow children, he has to board with Charlie. Whilst this is happening, Charlie and Dan are close to securing the biggest account in the history of their careers with a Japanese corporation. Charlie and Dan\'s attempts to take care of the kids are well-intentioned, but very misguided. On a trip with the kids to an overnight camp, a hard-nosed camp instructor  becomes convinced that Dan and Charlie are homosexual partners. The trip ends with a bang after Dan accidentally sets a beloved statue of the camp\'s founder on fire. The kids then proceed to spill and replace Charlie and Dan\'s prescriptions, mixing them up in the process. Dan then must play a game of golf with the Japanese executives while experiencing extreme side effects and Charlie tries to woo Amanda  with a face frozen by the pills. Desperate to help Dan communicate with the children despite his inexperience with children, Charlie recruits his friend Jimmy Lunchbox , a flamboyant children\'s entertainer, who is famous around the world. Jimmy comes by and straps Dan and Charlie in motion control puppet suits so Charlie can help Dan make all the right moves with his daughter while having a tea party. The suits malfunction, but Dan speaks from the heart, winning over Emily but his speech makes Jimmy emotional. Everything is great with Vicki as she returns home upon having served time in jail. However, the guys have sealed their Japanese deal, sending junior associate Craig  to Tokyo. When Craig goes missing after arriving there, Charlie and Dan must fly to Tokyo themselves to work. Dan must leave the kids and Vicki despite his  desire to be a family. Once in Tokyo, Dan realizes that what he really wants is to be a good father. He leaves the meeting without sealing the deal, rushing with Charlie to Vermont for the kids\' birthday party. They aren\'t able to get into the Burlington Zoo in time and are forced to break in with the help of Craig. However, they mistakenly wind up in the gorilla enclosure. Though Dan and Charlie escape, Craig is captured by the gorilla . Dan then pays a birthday party performer hired by Vicki to use his jet pack and suit, flies into the ceremony and wins his kids back over. When the jet pack stops working in mid-air, he is taken to an ambulance on a stretcher. One year later, Dan and Vicki are together, Charlie has married Amanda, and Craig has become like a new "uncle" to the kids.'] ["Jack Lawrence is a smart allec lawyer who is one day visited by an ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid was his. Enter Dale Putley, a depressed goofball who is also a [[writer], meets with the same ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid is his. One day Jack and Dale meet and discover what had happened: they've been told the same story and now there's a question of who the real father is. They learn their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around. So Jack and Dale hit the road to Sacramento and find their drunk, lovestruck son. Soon after they bring him back to their hotel room, their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again, bring him home, and find out which one of them is the real father."] ['Nicholas Angel , an extremely dedicated police officer in a London Police service, performs his duties so well that he is accused of making his colleagues look bad. As a result, his superiors transfer him to "crime-free" Sandford, a town in rural Gloucestershire. Once in Sandford, he immediately arrests a large group of under-age drinkers, and a drunk driver who turns out to be his partner, PC Danny Butterman , the son of local police inspector Frank Butterman . Danny, well-meaning but naive, is in awe of his new partner. Angel struggles to adjust to the slow, uneventful pace of the village. Despite clearing up several otherwise unnoticed crimes, including confiscating a naval mine and a number of unlicensed firearms, Angel soon finds his most pressing concern is an escaped swan. His attention to the letter of the law makes him the target of dislike and mockery by his co-workers. Angel and Butterman eventually bond over drinks at the local pub and action films such as Point Break and Bad Boys II. A series of gruesome deaths shock the town; Angel investigates, believing them to be murders. He attempts to arrest Simon Skinner , the manager of the local Somerfield supermarket, and member of Sandford\'s Neighbourhood Watch Alliance , under suspicion of murdering the victims due to their involvement in a lucrative property deal. Skinner is able to provide plausible explanations for all of Angel\'s charges, and a solid alibi. Disappointed and concerned that he has become paranoid, Angel returns to his routine policing with Danny. However, he overhears a shopkeeper inquire about the \'killers\'. He realizes that he was wrong in suspecting the murders to be the actions of one person. He takes his multiple-killer theory to Inspector Butterman, who asks him to sleep on it. When Angel returns to his hotel room he is attacked by a cloaked figure. He knocks the attacker unconscious, discovering it\'s Michael Armstrong , the trolley boy at Somerfield, sent by Skinner to kill Angel. Tipped off by Skinner on Michael\'s walkie-talkie, Angel heads to the nearby castle where he discovers the truth: Inspector Butterman and the NWA are obsessed with keeping Sandford\'s "Village of the Year" title, murdering anyone who they see as a threat to the village\'s image . The late Mrs Butterman had put everything into helping Sandford win the first "Village of the Year", but travellers ruined the park the night before the judges arrived, which drove her to committing suicide. While fleeing the mob, Angel discovers the bodies of various "problem" people whom the NWA had disposed of, but then Danny corners and stabs him. Having tricked the NWA into believing that Angel is dead , Danny drives him to the village limits and releases him, insisting that he knew nothing about their true activities. Danny urges Angel to go back to London, reasoning that no one would believe the truth about Sandford. At a motorway service station, Angel sees Point Break and Bad Boys II on a nearby DVD rack and is inspired to stop the NWA. He drives back to town and arms himself with the guns he confiscated earlier, and with Danny\'s help engages the NWA in an increasingly destructive series of gun fights, taking down most of them non-fatally. After persuading their colleagues of the truth, Angel and Danny take the battle to Somerfield: Skinner and Inspector Butterman flee, and are pursued by Angel and Danny  to the nearby model village. Angel fights Skinner one-on-one, until Skinner slips and impales his mouth on the spire of the miniature cathedral. Inspector Butterman attempts to escape in Angel\'s car, but crashes into a tree when the swan attacks him from the back seat. Angel\'s former superiors arrive from London, begging him to return as the crime rate has risen without him, but Angel chooses to remain in Sandford. Back at the police station, Tom Weaver , the last remaining member of the NWA, attempts to shoot Angel with an antique blunderbuss, but Danny dives in front of Angel and takes the shot. As Weaver tries to reload, Angel jumps and kicks him in the chest, causing him to fall onto the confiscated naval mine, triggering it and destroying the station. Angel tears through the rubble, distraught as he uncovers an unresponsive Danny. One year later, Inspector Angel lays flowers on a grave marked "Butterman"; it is revealed that Danny has survived and the grave is his mother\'s. Danny is now a sergeant and Angel the head of the Sandford Police Service, and the two head off to patrol Sandford.'] ['{{Plot}} Mark Renton  and Spud  are running down Princes Street pursued by security guards. Renton\'s close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: James Bond-obsessed amoral con artist Sick Boy , clean-cut athlete Tommy , simpleminded, good-natured Spud, and violent sociopath Begbie . Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts and spend their time shooting up at the flat of their drug dealer "Mother Superior" Swanney . After awaking from a heroin induced state, Renton decides to quit heroin. Realizing he needs one last high he buys opium rectal suppositories from Mikey Forrester . After this final hit  he locks himself into a cheap hotel room to endure withdrawal. He realises that being around his friends sober, he feels that he is missing something. He later goes with his friends to a club, finding that his sex drive has returned and eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane . After sex Diane refuses to let him sleep in her room and he spends the night on a sofa in the hallway of the flat. In the morning he realizes that Diane is a fifteen-year-old schoolgirl and that her "flatmates" are actually her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake the incident but is forced to remain in touch after Diane blackmails him. Tommy had been dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy after a chain of events initiated by Renton. Renton had stolen one of Tommy and Lizzy\'s personal sex tapes, hiding it in the case of a football video. Lizzy angrily believed that Tommy had returned their tape to the video store. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to start using heroin again and a brokenhearted Tommy begins using as well, despite Renton\'s reluctance to get him started. One day the group\'s heroin-induced stupor at Swanney\'s flat is violently interrupted when Allison, their friend and fellow addict, discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died from neglect. All are horrified and grief-stricken especially Sick Boy who is implied to be Dawn\'s father. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards and arrested. Due to prior convictions Spud goes to prison but Renton avoids punishment by entering a Drug Interventions Programme, where he is given methadone. Despite support from his family Renton is constantly depressed and bored with life and escapes to Swanney\'s flat where he nearly dies of an overdose. Renton\'s parents take him home and lock him in his old bedroom so he can beat the addiction. As Renton lies in his bed and goes through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates Diane singing on the bed, his friends giving him advice and Allison\'s dead baby crawling on the ceiling. The heroin withdrawal is inter-cut with an imagined TV game show in which host Dale Winton asks Renton\'s parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally roused from his nightmares and hallucination by his parents who tell him he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts Renton tests negative. Though clean of heroin, Renton is nevertheless bored and depressed, feeling that his life has no purpose. He visits Tommy in his now dark filthy flat. Tommy is now a full-on heroin addict and is HIV positive. On Diane\'s advice, Renton moves to London and starts a job as a property letting agent. He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and saves up money on the side while corresponding with Diane. Begbie commits an armed robbery and arrives at Renton\'s London flat seeking a hiding place. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher also shows up at Renton\'s doorstep. They soon learn of Tommy\'s death from toxoplasmosis and travel back to Edinburgh for his funeral. Back home, they meet Spud, who has been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a profitable but dangerous heroin transaction, but needs Renton to supply half of the initial £4,000. After the purchase, Renton injects a dose of heroin to test the purity. The four then sell the heroin to a dealer for £16,000. They go to a pub and celebrate, discussing possible plans for the money. As Begbie and Sick Boy leave to order another round of drinks, Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money, but Spud is too frightened of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Sick Boy nor Begbie deserve the cash. Early in the morning as the others sleep, Renton quietly takes the money. Spud sees him leave but does not tell the others. When Begbie awakens he destroys the hotel room in a violent rage which attracts the police. Renton travels to London and vows to live a stable, traditional life. Later, Spud finds £2,000 Renton has left for him, so he can have a clean start.'] ['The film opens in the utopian future that results from the music of Bill  and Ted . Chuck De Nomolos , who detests this society, steals one of the time-traveling phone booths with the aid of two robots fashioned after Bill and Ted, and travels to the late 20th century, with the intent to prevent Bill and Ted from winning the San Dimas Battle of the Bands. Rufus  attempts to stop De Nomolos but becomes lost in the circuits of time. In the present, Wyld Stallyns is preparing for the contest; though Bill and Ted\'s current fiancées and former 15th-century princesses Elizabeth  and Joanna  have become skilled musicans, Bill and Ted are still inept. Despite this, the organizer Ms. Wardroe  assures them a slot in the contest as the final act. Bill\'s stepmother  divorces his father, in favor of Ted\'s, who still threatens Ted to military school, should they fail the Battle of the Bands. De Nomolos arrives and has the robots replace Bill and Ted, killing them by throwing the two over the side of a cliff at Vasquez Rocks. The robots behave rudely to the princesses and work to ruin the duo\'s fame. Bill and Ted\'s souls are met by Death ([[William Sadler  who challenges them in a game for their souls. Bill and Ted escape after giving Death a "melvin". They attempt to alert their families but their ethereal forms prove difficult, and at one point, are cast down into Hell at a séance held by Ted\'s stepmother Missy . In Hell, they are tormented by Satan , made to face their own fears, and realize their only escape is to take Death\'s offer. Taken to Death\'s chambers, the spirit gives them the option of what game to play. Bill and Ted, to Death\'s dismay, select modern games like Battleship, Clue, and Twister, easily beating Death. Death admits defeat and willingly becomes their servant. Bill and Ted recognize they need to locate the smartest person in the universe to help build robots to counter De Nomolos\' evil robots. Death escorts the two to Heaven, and with God\'s help, are directed to an alien named Station who has the ability to split into two identical twins, and readily offers to help Bill and Ted. Death brings them back to the mortal world, where it is the night of the Battle of the Bands. Bill and Ted take Station to a hardware store, and then race in their van back to the concert while Station constructs good robots. Just as the evil robots take the stage, Bill and Ted arrive, and Station\'s robots easily defeat the evil ones. De Nomolos appears in the time machine, ready to defeat Bill and Ted himself, and overrides the broadcasting equipment to send the video footage of this to everyone on the planet. The two recognize they can later go back in time to arrange events for De Nomolos to trap in the present, aided by Death and Station; though De Nomolos is able to do the same, Bill and Ted gain the upper hand, and De Nomolos is taken away by the police. Ms. Wardroe reveals herself to be a disguised Rufus, having assured Bill and Ted\'s spot in the concert, and urge them to play. As Bill and Ted reunite with their fiancées, they realize they are terrible musicians, and the four use the time machine; though they return immediately, "an intense 16 months of guitar training plus a two week honeymoon" have passed for them, they have married the princesses and each is raising a young infant. They begin to perform a stunning rock ballad, joined by Death, Station, and the good robots. The worldwide broadcast set by De Nomolos continues, and Wyld Stallyns\' music is played across the globe, creating harmony. During the end credits, fictional newspaper and magazine articles describe the worldwide impact of the Stallyns\' music towards the Utopian future.'] ["Tex  is an American working at a carnival in Queensland. At the carnival he befriends a boxer, Alby  and they decide to travel together to Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast. They hitch a ride with Arnold  but problems arise when Arnold makes unwanted advances towards Alby. Alby beats up Arnold and he and Tex flee with Arnold's suitcase and car. However, the case is full of cash and the car is stocked with marijuana. So it comes as no surprise that Arnold and his friends want them back. Tex and Alby later give a lift to a sixteen year old hitch-hiker, Lynn and try to pick up two women, Barbie and Susie. Tex gets thrown out of a night club and beaten up by a bouncer so Alby takes both girls to bed. Arnold sends thugs to get them so they end up hijacking a tourist bus. They escape and go off into the sunset with Lyn.High Rolling The Digital Fix. Retrieved on 8 June 2011"] ['Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies get fired and try their hand at an assortment of odd jobs, failing at each. Fighting depression, debt and eventually each other, their lives start to unravel until they realize that without their job they are nothing.'] ['Stan and Ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. A City Water Dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. They finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. At the job agency a call comes from Mrs. Vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. Ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes". At the dinner party, Stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into Mrs. Vandeveer\'s lap. Ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. He says "there is everything From Soup To Nuts folks, come and get it". Stan is told to take the cocktails and instead of clearing them away he drinks them and becomes drunk. Ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. Mr. Vandeveer tells Ollie to change the seating arrangement and Ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until Mr. Vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. Mr. Vandeveer then tells the drunken Stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so Stan serves the salad in his underwear. Seeing this, Mr. Vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a rifle. Mrs. Vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of Stan. Mr Vandeveer returns, rifle in hand, and chases Stan and Ollie out of the house. A single gunshot is heard and Mr. Vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don\'t you be more careful, you almost blew my brains out". When the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. Stan and Ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. They decide to get an education because in Stan\'s words "we\'re not illiterative enough". They are sitting outside the Farmers & Merchants Bank of Commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. They inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the street by Stan. A grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. When Oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and Stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "If it\'s an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." He enrolls Stan and Ollie at Oxford University in England, and they depart the U.S. towards Oxford by steamship. When Stan and Ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous Johnson  decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. They are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. One of the students  dresses as a ghost in order to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost\'s hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar . They spend all night in the maze and exit the next morning. Johnson poses as the dean and gives Stan and Ollie the real dean\'s quarters to live in. They make themselves at home only to be confronted by the dean. The prank is uncovered and Johnson is due to expelled. Before this happens the students decide to run Stan and Ollie out so they can\'t give evidence against Johnson. The boys are taken to their real quarters where Meredith the valet recognises Stan as Lord Paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". He says that Lord Paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. Stan and Ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". The students arrive and decide to throw Stan and Ollie out of the window. Stan and Ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on Stan\'s head, which transforms him back into Lord Paddington. When the students accuse him of "squealing", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever Lord Paddington becomes angry, according to Meredith\'s story—after which he throws all of the students out of the window. However, Stan does not remember Ollie any longer so he becomes furious when Ollie tells him of his former life and throws Ollie out the window as well. Lord Paddington takes pity on Ollie and employs him to be his personal valet. He calls Ollie by the nickname "Fatty" and criticises him which makes Ollie so angry he quits his job. Stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on him once again, returning him back to his usual self.'] ["The film tells the story of Phil Campbell , a journalist who has just lost his job and gets roped into leading Grant Cogswell's political campaign. Grant, played by Joel David Moore, is Phil's enthusiastic friend whose passion for the monorail inspires him to run for Seattle City Council.{{cite web}}"] ['Carter  is directing traffic. Concurrently, Chinese Ambassador Han addresses the importance of fighting the Triads at the World Criminal Court, announcing that he may know the whereabouts of Shy Shen, a semi-mythical individual of great importance to the Triads. Before announcing, an assassin shoots and Han takes a bullet in the shoulder, disrupting the conference. Detective Lee  pursues the shooter and corners him, discovering that the assassin is his Japanese foster brother Kenji . When Lee hesitates to shoot Kenji, he makes his escape. In the hospital, Lee learns that Han will make a full recovery. Han\'s daughter, Soo-Yung , now grown up, arrives and makes Lee and Carter promise to capture the one behind the shooting. She then informs Lee and Carter that her father gave her an envelope which contains important information regarding the Triad, and that the envelope is in her locker at the martial arts studio where she teaches. Lee and Carter make their way to the studio, but find out that a gang of armed men have already arrived and emptied it. The duo are then told by the Master of the studio that Soo-Yung and Han are in danger, and rush back to the hospital. Once the two reach the hospital, a gang of assassins arrive to kill Soo-Yung and Han. Lee and Carter manage to defeat them. They interrogate the leader of the assassins but find that he only speaks French. A nun, Sister Agnes , who can speak French, translates for them and Carter and Lee find out that they are marked for death by the Triad along with Soo-Yung and Han. For her protection, they take her to the French Embassy and leave her under the care of Reynard , the French ambassador and the chairman of the World Criminal Court. When a car bomb nearly kills Reynard and Soo-Yung the duo decides to go to Paris to investigate. In Paris, after getting a painful cavity search from a Parisian commissioner , Lee and Carter meet up with George, a taxi driver , who is prejudiced against Americans. He drives them to a Triad hideout. Once there, Lee fights off a Triad assassin named Jasmine  while Carter meets a beautiful woman whose name is not disclosed . Lee and Carter escape and Reynard later tells Lee that Shy Shen is not a person, but a list of the Triad leaders and reveals that Han\'s informant knows where to find it. The informant turns out to be Geneviève, the woman Carter met at the gentlemen\'s club.  After the two locate Geneviève, they save her from an assassination attempt by the Triads and flee to their hotel room. Privately, Carter tries to interrogate Genviève but they find themselves falling in love with each other. They eventually start making love. However, they are attacked again by Jasmine. No longer safe at the hotel, they decide to hide out with George, who now has developed a great appreciation for the United States. Lee and Carter learn that Geneviève not only knows where the list is, but that she is the list. The names of the thirteen Triad leaders have been tattooed on the back of her head, as per tradition, and Geneviève explains that she will be decapitated and buried if the Triads capture her. When Lee and Carter bring Geneviève to Reynard, he accidentally reveals that he has been working with the Triads all along. Kenji calls and informs Lee that he has captured Soo-Yung and that he would like to exchange her for Geneviève. Lee arrives at the exchange point, the Jules Verne Restaurant in the Eiffel Tower, with Carter disguised as Geneviève. Kenji challenges Lee to a sword fight, during which the two fall off the tower and get caught in a safety net. Kenji\'s sword cuts the safety net open and it collapses, leaving both men hanging on for dear life. Lee grabs Kenji\'s arm, intending to save his life. Kenji says his final goodbye to Lee and willingly lets go of him as he falls to his death, saving Lee\'s life. Lee then manages to climb up to safety. Meanwhile, Carter saves Soo-Yung and they defeat Jasmine who gets stuck between a large wheel and is split in half . As Carter and Lee send Soo-Yung down the elevator to safety, they make their escape from the Triads by gliding down to safety with a large French flag. Unfortunately, they are confronted by Reynard, holding Geneviève hostage and threatening to kill her and frame them. However, George, having followed Lee and Carter, shoots Reynard from behind. The police arrive, with the commissioner gloating and trying to get undeserved credit. After giving the commissioner a team punch to the face, Lee and Carter leave the scene dancing to the song "War" by Edwin Starr.'] ['When Suzette  is fired from her job as bartender at the Whisky A Go-Go in Los Angeles, she decides, on the spur of the moment, to travel all the way to Phoenix, Arizona to see her old friend Vinnie . Stranded at a service station without any money to buy some gasoline, she picks up Harry Plummer , a neurotic, middle-aged author who is on his way to Phoenix to once and for all come to grips with the negative influence his father has had over his life. On arriving in Phoenix, Suzette has a chance meeting with Vinnie\'s 17-year-old daughter Hannah  who, after some recreational drug use, passes out in Harry\'s hotel room. When she drives her back to her parents\' elegant suburban home Suzette at first cannot believe what she sees: Vinnie, who now calls herself Lavinia Kingsley, leads the life of the perfect wife and mother—a life which at one point prompts one of her daughters to ask Suzette, "Did she ever do anything wrong?" Raymond, Vinnie\'s lawyer husband and an aspiring politician, has no idea about his wife\'s past either. However, Suzette\'s sudden appearance brings back all those memories for Lavinia. Down in the basement she retrieves some of the memorabilia of their previous life as groupies, including a collection of Polaroids of the penises of numerous "musicians and a few roadies". She cuts her hair and throws off her expensive but boring clothes and, just for one night, relives the old days by going dancing with Suzette. In the end, both her husband and her two daughters have understood that Lavinia is only human after all. In her graduation speech, Hannah speaks out against anything that is "fake" and urges her schoolmates, teachers and the parents present to "do it true". On the following day, Suzette returns to Los Angeles together with Harry, who has come to consider her his muse.'] ['Bounty hunter Jack Walsh  is enlisted by bail bondsman Eddie Moscone to bring accountant Jonathan “The Duke” Mardukas  back to L.A. The accountant had embezzled $15 million from Chicago mob boss Jimmy Serrano  before skipping the $450,000 bail Moscone has posted for him. Jack must bring The Duke back within five days, or Eddie defaults. Eddie says the job is easy, a "midnight run," but Jack demands $100,000. Jack is then approached by FBI Agent Alonzo Mosely , who wants The Duke to be a witness against Serrano. At Kennedy airport in New York, Serrano’s henchmen Tony  and Joey  offer Jack $1 million to turn The Duke over to them. Jack takes custody of The Duke and calls Eddie from the airport, not knowing that Eddie’s line is tapped by the FBI and Jerry , Eddie’s assistant, is secretly working for Serrano. When The Duke has a panic attack on the plane, Jack is forced to travel via train. When Jack and The Duke fail to show up, Eddie brings in rival bounty hunter Marvin Dorfler  to find them. Marvin uses Jack’s credit card number to find out where they are and then has the card canceled. Jack is able to get the drop on Marvin and leaves the train, but without funds, he is forced to rely on other means to get across the country, including stealing cars, borrowing his ex-wife’s  car in Chicago, and hitchhiking. The Duke tries to get to know Jack, who eventually reveals that he had been an undercover officer in Chicago trying to get close to Serrano. Refusing to take money like other corrupt officers, Jack is setup and forced to leave town. In Arizona, Marvin catches up with them and takes The Duke away from Jack, who is found by Mosely. Jack realizes that Marvin intends to turn The Duke over to Serrano. Marvin tries to get $2 million from Tony and Joey for The Duke, but the plan backfires. Jack bluffs that he has computer disks created by The Duke with enough information to put Serrano away. At McCarran Airport, Jack meets up with Serrano while wearing a wire and being watched by the FBI. Marvin, at the airport to fly home, spots The Duke and interrupts the exchange. Marvin punches Jack and unknowingly disables the wire. At the last minute, Jack yells that Serrano has the disks; the FBI closes in, arresting Serrano and his henchmen. Moseley turns The Duke over to Jack with enough time to return him to L.A. by the deadline. In L.A., Jack calls Eddie to tell him that he has The Duke, but that he is letting him go. Before parting, The Duke gives Jack $300,000 in a money belt he had been hiding. Jack flags down a taxi and asks the driver if he has change for a $1,000 bill, but the taxi drives away, so he starts walking home.'] ['In Hollywood in the late 1920s during the waning days of the industry\'s transition to sound film, producer and studio head Alfie Alperin wants to produce a great Western movie about Wyatt Earp. Tom Mix is cast as the great United States Marshal and the real Earp is on set as a technical adviser. But before Earp and Mix can start their movie adventure, they are caught in a real case of murder, prostitution, and corruption. Together they try to straighten out the problems of the missing son of Earp\'s former girlfriend, Christina. But now she is the wife of studio boss Alfie Alperin and he isn\'t amused by Earp\'s investigations. The fact that the young man\'s older sister is dating a notorious mobster and that all three were at the scene of a murder. Soon Earp unveils the true sadistic character of Alfie Alperin and after the death of Christina matters become personal. And the two of them get to fight a real gunfight at a real isolated ranch, with Mix telling Earp "I wish there was a camera here" before drawing a real gun...'] ['After leaving the United States Army and moving to New York City, Brian Flanagan  gets a part-time job as a bartender at night while studying for a business degree . At first, Brian is a terrible bartender, revealed in a montage of his screw ups. Over time, he learns the tricks of the trade including flairing from his boss/mentor Doug Coughlin . Brian and Doug soon become very close; Doug readily assumes a mentor role over the young and naive Brian, and rains advice and opinions down upon him. His advice takes a familiar structure as he usually begins most of them with "Coughlin\'s Law". An example of his expert advice, which actually turns out to be quite poignant, is "Coughlin\'s Law: Drink or be gone!" Other pearls include: "Bury the dead, they stink up the joint." and "Anything else is always something better." While Brian has high personal aspirations, Doug is leery of the notion of starting their own bar together. Doug intends to call his bar "Cocktails & Dreams". Eventually, Brian and Doug\'s bar-tending act becomes popular and they end up working at a trendy nightclub catering to New York\'s wealthy and elite, the type of establishment where yuppies spout poetry from the top of the rafters for all patrons to hear. As their popularity rises, Brian becomes the focus of attention from a sultry brunette named Coral . Quickly, they elevate their friendship into a wild sexual relationship. During a free throw shooting competition where Brian hits five free throws in a row, Doug bets him Coral will leave him by week\'s end, essentially doubting there is anything special about the seemingly perfect relationship shared between the two. Unbeknownst to Brian, Doug lies to Coral about secrets being shared by Brian about her, and secures his bet having sex with Coral. Brian is very upset and fights with Doug at work, essentially ending his informal partnership with Doug. Brian, taking advice from his former girlfriend, takes a job in Jamaica as a bartender to raise money for his own place. He finds a romantic partner in Jordan Mooney . Jordan is an aspiring artist and waitress in New York. She and Brian spend romantic times together, playing in the water, before making passionate love on the beach by a campfire. Prior to this however, Doug has shown up in Jamaica, now married to Kerry , a wealthy woman who openly flirts with other men and wears Tarzan-like bikinis. Doug quickly asserts himself and bets Brian to be the first to sleep with a barfly named Bonnie , a wealthy older woman. Jordan catches Brian without being seen and, devastated, takes an overnight plane back home. With Jordan flying back to New York, Brian decides to "upstage" Doug and return to New York with the cougar-esque Bonnie under the auspices that he will be placed high up in her company due to their romantic attachment. Brian becomes impatient as the pay-off is too slow. They have a blow-up during an art exhibition where Brian gets into a fight with the artist. As they cut ties, Brian, displaying wisdom one can only assume has been gleaned from his former mentor, states: "All things end badly. Otherwise they wouldn\'t end!" Brian then seeks out Jordan. Much to his surprise, Brian learns that she is pregnant with his child. He embarks on a journey to win over the independent Jordan and prove to her that, despite being just a lowly bartender, he would make a worthy father. While pursuing Jordan, Brian also learns that her family is very wealthy, and he goes to her parents\' Park Avenue penthouse to speak with Jordan. Unhappy with the situation, Jordan\'s father, Richard , attempts to buy Brian off. Brian is forced to decide between the money offered which would surely help him get his bar started versus a life with Jordan and his child; Brian refuses the money. Jordan keeps her distance, not wanting to be hurt again. Brian meets up with Doug. Despite the outward appearance of wealth, Doug confides that his wife\'s money is nearly gone, lost in the commodities market. Doug is despondent, unwilling to confess to his bride the precarious position they are in; Brian is completely shocked. Later on, Kerry makes Brian take her home when Doug is too drunk to do so, and forces him to walk her to her apartment. She tells him that he is the only person Doug respects and wants to discuss with him Doug\'s problems. However once inside, she attempts to seduce him by kissing him but Brian refuses out of respect for his friendship with Doug. Kerry gets angry at being rejected and reveals that she cannot endure sexual monogamy for the rest of her life. Brian then leaves with Kerry calling him a coward. Brian goes to check on Doug in his yacht, and discovers he has committed suicide by slashing his throat with a broken bottle of Remy Martin Louis XIII / Baccarat crystal glass. After the funeral, Kerry sends Brian a letter left for him by Doug, which is revealed to be Doug\'s suicide note in which he explains why he did what he did. Brian cries after reading the letter, realizing that Doug killed himself because he realized that his life was a sham. Now reeling from the misfortune of the stiff-arm from Jordan and losing his best friend to suicide, he goes to Richard\'s home  and begs her forgiveness. He further promises to take good care of her and their unborn child. Brian has a brief scuffle with Richard\'s staff, then takes the willing Jordan by the hand and heads for the door. They leave together, finally, as a couple and future parents. Richard pledges not to lend a dime to the fledgling couple. Using the advice of the other mentor in his life, his Uncle Pat , Brian is able to finally achieve his lifelong goal, he opens a neighborhood bar called "Flanagan\'s Cocktails & Dreams". Brian and Jordan have their wedding reception at the new bar while Jordan is visibly pregnant. Just before the credits roll, Jordan reveals she is pregnant with twins. Brian offers free drinks to celebrate, much to his Uncle Pat\'s chagrin.'] ["Dylan  and Jez  are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home. In pursuit of this dream they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches. During one of their biggest cons, their lives are touched by Georgie , who needs money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother attends. When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves in gaol to be released only after their entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50 notes. It is down to an elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez and  Georgie, to break them out of gaol in order to save their dream. The film, in essence, is part Ealing comedy, part underdog farce with a sequence of madcap adventures set against a striking soundtrack by contemporary Britpop artists. Unlike straight rom-coms or mainstream comedies of the period Shooting Fish contained a generous blending of fact and fantasy ."] ['Francesca "Frankie" Sutton  is a Los Angeles bank teller who witnesses a robbery. Shortly after the incident, the bank fires Frankie after the police uncover a connection between her and Darnell, one of the robbers. Frankie reluctantly gets a job at a janitorial company where her friends Lita "Stoney" Newsome , Cleopatra "Cleo" Sims , and Tisean "T.T." Williams  already work. Stoney\'s brother Stevie is wrongfully gunned down by the police after they mistake him for one of the men involved in the previous robbery. The incident prompts Cleo to suggest that they rob a bank themselves. While Frankie is happy to go along with the plan, T.T. is initially opposed the idea. However, when an accident at work leads to her toddler being taken away by social services, T.T. commits to the plot as well. The four women embark on a series of bank robberies, which are investigated by LAPD detective Strode . The women stash the money in an air vent at one of their work sites. However, when they show up for work another day, they realize that their boss, Luther , has discovered the money and fled. The women track down Luther and find him at a motel with a woman. When they confront Luther he is killed by T.T. when he pulls a gun on Cleo. Afterwards, Cleo takes the woman\'s drivers license to prevent her from contacting the police. With their money gone, the girls rob another bank, which happens to be the same bank where Keith , Stoney\'s lover, works. Before they make it out of the bank, Strode and his partner arrive and order them to drop their weapons, but as they do, a bank security guard shoots Tisean. Stoney and Cleo open fire at the security guard and carry Tisean to the getaway car with Frankie behind the wheel. As Tisean dies in Stoney’s arms en route to a hospital, the three women decide to split up. Cleo is the second of the girls to be killed after the police catches up to her. The police catch up to Frankie and order her to surrender. However, Frankie pulls a gun on Strode and tries to run away, but is shot and killed by an officer. Stoney, in the meantime, boards a bus heading to Mexico, but she painfully witnesses the killing of Frankie. Strode spots Stoney on the bus, but lets her go considering she already has been through enough. After cutting her hair in a small motel where she has taken refuge, she calls Keith but doesn\'t say anything. While she doesn\'t tell him where she is, she assures him that she is all right and thanks him. The movie ends with her driving through the mountains.'] ['In Spain 1519, two con artists, Tulio  and Miguel  win a map to the legendary City of Gold, El Dorado, in a rigged gambling match . After being accused of cheating with loaded dice, the two evade capture while being chased by a bull and hide in barrels, which are shortly loaded onto one of the ships to be led by Hernán Cortés  to the New World. During the trip, they are caught as stowaways, but manage to break free and take a rowboat with the help of Cortés\' horse, Altivo . They land at an unknown shore at the edge of South America, and Miguel begins to recognize landmarks stated on the map. The map leads them to a totem marker outside of a waterfall where a young woman approaches them, chased by a number of guards. The guards see the image of Tulio and Miguel riding Altivo as the same on the totem, and believing them to be gods, escort them and the woman under the falls and into El Dorado, truly a city made of gold. Tulio and Miguel are brought to the city\'s elders, Chief Tannabok  and wicked high priest Tzekel-Kan . While Tannabok warmly welcomes them to the city, Tzekel-Kan mainly sees them as a way to enhance his own standing. Tulio and Miguel begin to argue on what to do. Everyone is convinced they are gods when as a volcano is beginning to erupt, Tulio yells at Miguel to "stop!" and the volcano suddenly stops. After celebrations offered by both Tannabok and Tzekel-Kan, the two are taken to private quarters along with the woman they met earlier, Chel , who has seen through their ploy but offers to help maintain it as long as they take her with them when they leave. Tulio tells Tannabok the next day that they are only here for a visit, but will need a boat to leave the city with the gifts the city has showered upon them. Tannabok says it will take them at least three days to construct a vessel to carry both them and the gifts given to them by the people of El Dorado. Chel encourages Miguel to continue to explore the city, allowing her to become closer to Tulio. When Tzekel-Kan sees Miguel playing a ball game with children, he demands that the gods play against the city\'s best players. During the match, Tulio and Miguel are clearly over-matched, but Chel replaces the ball with a rolled-up armadillo, allowing the two to cheat and win the game. However, when Tzekel-Kan offers to have the defeated players put to death, Miguel orders him to leave the city. As he is leaving, Tzekel-Kan sees a small cut on Miguel\'s forehead, and realizes that they are not gods because gods do not bleed. Tzekel-Kan conjures a giant stone jaguar to chase them through the city. Tulio and Miguel manage to outwit the stone jaguar, causing both it and Tzekel-Kan to fall into a giant whirlpool, thought to be the entrance to Xibalba, the spirit world. Tzekel-Kan comes to outside El Dorado, where Cortés and his men are searching for gold. Thinking Cortés is a true god, Tzekel-Kan quickly offers to lead them to El Dorado. With their boat completed and loaded with treasures, Tulio is ready to leave but Miguel announces that he will be staying because he finds the city peaceful. As Tulio and Chel start to leave, they spot smoke on the horizon, realizing that Cortés and his men are approaching the city with the help from Tzekel-Kan. To protect the city from the Spanish troops, Tulio determines they can use the boat to slam against rock formations under the waterfall path that will cave in and block access to the city. The city residents pull down a large statue to create a wave to propel the boat, but Tulio cannot get the sails up to give the boat enough speed to avoid the statue. Miguel forgoes his chance to stay in the city and jumps into the boat with Altivo to finish hoisting the sails. The boat clears the statue in time, and Tulio\'s plan is successful; though the boat and its treasures are lost, the entrance to El Dorado is sealed for good. Tulio, Miguel, Chel, and Altivo hide as Tzekel-Kan brings Cortés and his men towards the waterfall. Once Tzekal-Kan finds out that the entrance has been blocked, an angry Cortés takes this as a lie. Cortés and his men then march away with a humiliated Tzekel-Kan in their hands. Tulio, Miguel, and Chel, though disappointed they lost their treasure, take off in a different direction for a new adventure, unaware that Altivo still wears the golden horseshoes he was outfitted with in the city.'] ['While in their high school cafeteria, Peter, also known as "Play" ([[Christopher Martin  announces to his friends Christopher aka "Kid"  and Bilal  that he will be having a party at his house that night, as his parents are on vacation. The reluctant Bilal is to be the DJ. Kid is then involved in an altercation with school bully Stab  and his two brothers Pee-Wee and Zilla . When Kid comes home, he tries to convince his father, "Pop"  to let him go to the party. At first Kid\'s father relents, but soon grounds Kid when a note from Kid\'s school informs him of the fight he was in. Rather than miss the party of the year, Kid sneaks out while his sleeping father is watching Dolemite - not realizing that his father woke up just as he closed the door. On his way to the party, Kid runs into Stab and his brothers, and ducks into an Alpha Delta Sigma reunion nearby to get away from them. Crashing the reunion, Kid has the DJ ([[George Clinton  scratch and mix a few of his old doo wop records so that he can liven the party with a rap, until Stab and the others turn up again. When trying to get away from Stab, he winds up knocking an older man down before attempting to make a run for it. However, Kid and the bullies are caught by the neighborhood police, who humiliate the four teenagers in front of the reunion party attendees before letting them go. Before that, he jumps over a fence to get away, ending up looking in a window where a fat man is having rough sex with his lady, and when he is discovered, Kid runs away, and the three punks are shot at. When Kid finally makes it to the house party, he finds it in full swing, with attractive girls Sydney  and Sharane  also in attendance. After some music and dancing, Kid and Play first get into a dance contest with Sidney and Sharane, and later have a quick freestyle battle. Stab and his friends attempt to break up the party, but are arrested a second time by the policemen, who take delight in the prospect of beating them up. Kid\'s father eventually makes his way to the party, demanding to know where Kid is. When he doesn\'t spot Kid - Kid is upstairs helping Sharane get her coat - Pop vows to wait for the boy at home. Although Kid and Sydney each have an eye for each other, Sharane decides to openly flirt with Kid, much to Sydney\'s disgust. The three of them soon leave the party, but when Kid tries to make advances on Sharane, she rebuffs him. Kid then walks Sydney back home, and after some argument the two of them finally calm down and make conversation. Sydney allows Kid to sneak into her house, and the two are about to have sex in Sydney\'s room when she stops him, wanting to know if she is simply his second choice. Kid admits that Sydney was his first choice all along, but they do not do anything when they see that the only condom Kid has is too old to be used. When Sydney\'s parents come home - now revealed as one of the couples at the high school reunion, including the man Kid ran into - Sydney hastily helps Kid sneak out of the house. He manages to get out of yet another scrape with Stab and his brothers, and they all end up in a jail cell, where Kid entertains the rest of the men in the cell by rapping, distracting them long enough for Play, Sharane, Bilal, and Sydney to arrive with enough cash to bail him out. Later on, the five friends say their goodnights. Kid and Sydney share a long passionate kiss goodnight. After Play and Bilal drops him off, Kid sneaks in the house and gets undressed. As he is about to get into bed, he looks up only to find Pop holding a belt. The movie then cuts to the credits where Pop whipping Kid can be heard.'] ['After a surreal Rampage-esque dream, Beavis and Butt-head wake up to realize that someone has stolen their television. The pair then embark on a quest to replace it. After several mishaps involving searching for a television, they visit a low-quality motel that advertises "TVs in every room". There, they encounter Muddy Grimes, who is waiting for two hired hit men  to murder his wife, Dallas. Muddy, thinking that Beavis and Butt-head are the killers he has contacted, says that they must "do"  his wife. Thinking that by "do", Muddy means "score with", Butt-Head convinces Beavis that both of them can "score" as well as, they\'ll get paid and they can buy a new television. Muddy hands them a photograph of Dallas with instructions on where to find her. He then drives them to the airport to catch a plane to Las Vegas. After arriving in their Vegas casino where they are staying, the boys get arrested by security after being mistaken for trespassers and then they are taken to their rooms. Their room happens to be adjacent to the room of the hunted woman, Dallas Grimes and they accidentally burst in. Dallas soon realizes they have no idea what they have been hired for. While Beavis and Butt-head begin fighting over who will "do" Dallas first, the police arrive to arrest her. Thinking quickly, she plants a stolen biological weapon known as the "X-5 Unit" in Beavis\' pants in order to get rid of it. She then gets them tickets on a bus to Washington, D.C. instructing them that she will be waiting for them in the Capitol of the United States and will let them "do her" there. The stolen biological weapon attracts the attention of the ATF, headed by Agent Flemming who orders a body cavity search on everyone he encounters and in spite of his tough talk, relies on fellow Agent Bork\'s assistance virtually all the time. Flemming becomes convinced that the duo are criminal masterminds after they accidentally release the water behind Hoover Dam, cutting the power to Las Vegas. On the tour bus, they visit landmarks including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Park. After becoming stranded in Petrified Forest National Park, they wander through the desert where they meet two men who are implied to be their fathers, but part ways before they can make the kinship connection. During the trek across the desert, they soon begin to die of dehydration. The next day, Beavis and Butt-head are found by Muddy, who plans to kill them after realizing they were not the hit men he hired. However, after hearing that Dallas is going to meet up with the duo in D.C, Muddy decides to take them the rest of the way in his trunk to hunt down Dallas. In the middle of I-81 in Virginia, Butt-Head opens the trunk with a car jack, and they escape by jumping onto the road, causing an 18-wheeler to swerve off the road, resulting in a huge, 400-car pileup. Beavis and Butt-head casually walk past the scene and get back on the tour bus, stopping at the United States Capitol Building before finally reaching the White House. Before Dallas can meet with Beavis and Butt-Head to recover the weapon, she is confronted in the parking garage by Muddy. Muddy and Dallas then briefly reconcile before they are arrested by the ATF while having sex in Muddy\'s car. Faced with the possibility of a 60-year jail sentence, Dallas betrays Muddy by saying that he hid the weapon "in some kid\'s pants" but she still gets the sentence. The ATF is dispatched to the White House due to Beavis and Butt-Head being there on the same day as the "Give Peace A Chance" conference. Beavis consumes caffeine pills , sugar and coffee while on the White House tour, then transforms into Cornholio. He wanders around the White House and picks up the red phone in the Oval Office, causing the military to go to DEFCON 4. Meanwhile, Butt-head wanders around the White House where he runs into Chelsea Clinton; his attempts at hitting on her lead to him being pushed out of a window where he is detained and cavity searched by ATF officers. Beavis leaves the White House and goes inside Mr. Anderson\'s trailer. Moments later, Anderson catches Beavis "whacking off" and angrily throws him out of the trailer. The ATF spots Beavis walking around the camper pants-less and confront him, thinking he has the weapon on him. They are just about to open fire when Anderson opens his camper door, telling Beavis to take his pants with him, which causes the ATF to go after the pants. The pants are ripped open, with the weapon flying out of them. The weapon, landing safely in Butt-Head\'s hand, is recovered; Butt-head simply hands it to Flemming. Blame for the incident is ultimately pinned on Anderson, who is arrested along with Dallas and Muddy. Agent Flemming informs Beavis and Butt-Head that their adventure will remain top secret. Beavis and Butthead are shown seeing President Bill Clinton, who then makes Beavis and Butt-head honorary ATF agents, and gives them a contract for unlimited alcohol and firearms. B&B return to Highland and find their TV in front of the motel. The film ends with them carrying their TV into the sunset while insulting each other, then Beavis suggests going to Anderson\'s toolshed to masturbate.'] ['39 year-old Brennan Huff and 40 year-old Dale Doback  are two unemployed, middle-aged and spoiled men who still live with and are reliant on their parents. They have no intention of moving out or finding jobs and behave childishly. When Brennan\'s mother Nancy  and Dale\'s father Robert  marry, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. Their parents warn them that they must find jobs within a month or else be forced out of the house. When Brennan\'s younger brother Derek ([[Adam Scott  comes to visit with his oddly perfect family, he too mocks them and entices Dale to punch him in the face. Brennan is awed that Dale was able to stand up to Derek. Meanwhile, Brennan\'s sister-in-law Alice  who is also resentful of Derek, finds Dale\'s courage a turn on. Brennan and Dale discover their many shared interests and develop a strong personal bond. Brennan and Dale take job interviews in which they perform very poorly by being rude to two of their potential employers as well as pointing out too many of their flaws and offending a third , when Dale passes gas for fifteen seconds. Left with few options they decide to start their own entertainment company. However, Robert and Nancy reveal their plans to retire and sail the world, forcing Brennan and Dale to find other living arrangements. Brennan and Dale sabotage attempts to sell the house. On Christmas Eve, Brennan and Dale\'s childish behavior has taken a toll on their parents\' marriage. Making matters worse, the boys attack Robert after he tries to wake them. Angered to his limits Robert announces his intention to divorce Nancy at Christmas dinner the following day, causing Brennan and Dale to break down. Brennan and Dale blame each other for the divorce and they go their separate ways. Brennan starts working for Derek\'s helicopter leasing firm and Dale works for a catering company. Brennan, wanting to reunite the broken family, takes the initiative to arrange Derek\'s sales party, inviting Robert and Nancy. The party is a success and Brennan wins Randy\'s respect and approval. Robert then encourages Brennan and Dale to be their eccentric child-at-heart selves again, seeing as they are now both miserable in their "adult" lives. Brennan and Dale then take to the stage and perform "Por ti Volare." The audience is eventually moved by the performance and tensions are alleviated. After the performance, Brennan and Derek make amends. Brennan and Dale form a successful entertainment company that runs karaoke events. Six months later, Robert and Nancy are reunited and move back into their old home.'] ['Jesse Montgomery III  and Chester Greenburg  are two slackers who wake up at Jesse\'s house, hung over and with no memory of the day before. Their refrigerator is filled with chocolate pudding, and the answering machine contains an angry message from their twin girlfriends, Wanda  and Wilma , as to their whereabouts. They go outside only to find Jesse\'s car missing, and with it their girlfriends\' anniversary presents. This prompts Jesse to ask: "Dude, where\'s my car?" Because the twins have promised them a "special treat", which Jesse and Chester hope is sex, the men are desperate to find the car. The duo retrace their steps to discover just where they left the car. Along the way, they encounter an angry transgender stripper , a belligerent Chinese drive-thru speaker operator , discover two cool tattoos on each other\'s backs, run into a group of UFO cultists led by Zoltan , a Chinese tailor , the Zen-minded Nelson  and his cannabis-loving dog, the jock Tommy  and his musclehead friends, Tommy\'s girlfriend Christie Boner , a couple of police detectives, and an ostrich farmer named Pierre . The protagonists then meet two races of aliens, one group being five gorgeous women wearing skintight black jumpsuits , the other being a pair of Nordic men wearing workout clothes . Both groups are searching for the "Continuum Transfunctioner", a powerful device . The "Continuum Transfunctioner" is capable of destroying the universe. An Animal Planet show then provides a helpful clue, though Jesse and Chester do not know it at the time— about how animals use tools, animals \'often use sticks as crude tools\'. In an arcade, they discover that the Continuum Transfunctioner was a Rubik\'s Cube that Chester has been working hard to solve during most of the movie. When he does, it becomes activated. Once the five lights on it stop flashing, the universe will be destroyed. Jesse and Chester must figure out which of two alien groups should get the device. One group protects the universe, while the other wants to destroy it. Both claim to be the protectors and claim that they were with Jesse and Chester the previous night. The two choose the Nordic men, because when asked what the two stoners did the night before, they correctly answered that the boys got a hole-in-one at the 18th hole at a miniature golf park, winning a lifetime supply of pudding. At the last second, the Nords deactivate the Transfunctioner, saving the universe. Angry, the five alien women merge to become, what Chest calls, a "Super Hot Giant Alien" . The protectors intervene, attempting to banish her to Hoboken, New Jersey, but are knocked out. The giantess then eats Tommy before she crawls out of the amusement center and chases Jesse and Chester. The cultists tell them to activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam on the Transfunctioner. However, the button that activates it is too far in to reach. At the last second, Chester remembers the nature show with the tool-using chimps and uses a straw to push the recessed button, thus destroying the alien . The two protectors erase everyone\'s minds concerning the events and time is reversed to the beginning of the film. The events come full circle as Jesse and Chester wake up with no memory of what happened to them much like the beginning of the film. However, they recover the car , which turned out to be hidden behind a mail truck the whole time, and salvage their relationships and discover the special treat from the girls turns out to be matching knitted caps and scarves. The protectors leave a gift for their girlfriends : Breast Enhancement Necklaces. The film ends with Jesse, Chester and their girlfriends driving off in the car agruing on what the tattoes on the latter\'s backs say.'] ['Sgt. Nick Pulovski and his partner, Powell, are assigned to the case of taking down the criminal empire of a German felon, Strom, who engages in grand theft auto and chop shop operations. During an encounter with Strom and his men, who are loading a semi-trailer truck with stolen cars, Powell is murdered. Pulovski, despite efforts to catch the criminals on the highway, ends up losing them. Consequently, Pulovski is removed from the case by his superior, Lt. Raymond Garcia, and given a new partner, David Ackerman, a young officer recently promoted to rookie Detective, who has continual nightmares and is plagued by guilt over his brother\'s death, believing it was his fault as a child. Against regulations, Pulovski and Ackerman start investigating the Strom case. Pulovski tracks down a man working for Strom named Morales, whom he forces to cooperate. Morales, under Pulovski\'s instructions, manages to plant a two-way radio inside Strom\'s house without getting caught, but is still murdered later on by Strom\'s companion Liesl. Feeling pressured by the authorities, Strom deduced that there was a connection between Morales and another one of his operatives named Little Felix. Unbeknown to Strom earlier, Little Felix had also been secretly working as an informant for Pulovski regarding the disclosure of his illegal activities at his wrecking yards. Through the listening device, Pulovski and Ackerman learn that Strom is planning to leave the country after robbing a local casino of two million dollars. Strom\'s men set off smoke bombs inside the casino and capture the general manager, Alphonse , forcing him to open the vault for them. Inside the vault however, are Pulovski and Ackerman, who had conspired with Alphonse to capture Strom. Yet Liesl, knowing of Ackerman\'s naïvete, dares him and distracts Pulovski long enough for Strom to pin the detective down to the floor. Liesl shoots Ackerman in the back; although he is not injured due to his bulletproof vest. But moments later, one of Strom\'s men, Cruz , discovers that the vault is empty. With police surrounding the building, Strom takes Pulovski hostage and demands the two million dollars as a ransom. In trying to determine Pulovski\'s whereabouts, Ackerman tracks down one of Strom\'s henchmen named Loco. Loco, however, manages to elude Ackerman following a violent encounter with him at a dry cleaners where Little Felix is also found murdered. Ackerman then decides to turn to his father Eugene, for help in securing the ransom money, which he reluctantly agrees to. While at his father\'s office, Ackerman\'s girlfriend Sarah , informs him over the phone that Lt. Garcia is at their house waiting to interrogate him. Just then, Ackerman is visited by two detectives, who claim that Garcia is at headquarters and has sent them to retrieve him over his alleged forbidden involvement in the Strom case. Ackerman suddenly realizes that there is only one person capable of impersonating Garcia; Loco, with Ackerman\'s badge which he acquired by stealing it from him during a previous encounter at a bar. Ackerman evades the detectives and races home on a borrowed motorcycle. During an ensuing physical confrontation between the two men, Sarah grabs Ackerman\'s gun and kills Loco. Ackerman is distraught, as he needed Loco alive to tell him where Pulovski is being held captive. However, Ackerman later notices Loco\'s car outside their door, a bizarrely colored Lotus, which he and Pulovski spotted earlier at a warehouse in which one of Strom\'s mechanics, Max, was working on. After killing Max in a struggle within an elevator shaft, Pulovski is rescued by Ackerman. The pair escape the warehouse by driving a Mercedes convertible through a wall and Pulovski quotes a Mercedes Benz commercial, Engineered like no other car and later capture Cruz, whom Strom sent to collect the ransom. As the group arrives at the airport, Cruz gives Strom the money and is murdered. Pulovski and Ackerman open fire at the scene as a situation is created where one of Strom\'s men, Blackwell, in charge of flying him out of the country aboard a private jet, is killed following a collision with a commercial airliner. Ackerman later pursues Liesl into the airport and kills her, while Pulovski attempts to shoot Strom during his own chase, but ends up out of ammunition. Strom shoots Pulovski, and prepares to kill him when Ackerman arrives, and shoots Strom. Seriously injured, Strom collapses onto a luggage conveyor belt. Pulovski climbs on, and to avenge Powell and end the homicide spree there, kills him despite Strom\'s requests for medical attention. Sometime later, Pulovski, Ackerman and Garcia have been promoted. Ackerman is now a detective and Pulovski the new Lieutenant . Pulovski introduces Ackerman to another "rookie" cop, Heather Torres , as his new partner.'] ['Convicted robber Albert Ganz  is working as part of a road gang in California, when a big Native American man named Billy Bear  drives up in a pickup truck and asks for water to cool off his truck’s overheating radiator. Ganz and Billy exchange insults and proceed to stage a fight with each other, wrestling in a river, and when the guards try to break up the fight, Billy slips a gun to Ganz, and Billy and Ganz kill two of the three guards and flee the scene. Two days later, Ganz and Billy kill Henry Wong , who was one of their partners. Later that same day, San Francisco cop Jack Cates  joins two of his friends and co-workers—Detective Algren  and Detective VanZant  -- at the Walden Hotel to check out a man named G.P. Polson, who is in room 27. It\'s a way of finding the thief who stole Polson\'s credit cards and used one of them to check into the hotel. Jack waits downstairs while Algren and VanZant head to room 27, where it turns out that the thief is Ganz. Ganz immediately kills VanZant, and shoots Algren, while Billy attends to some other business in the room next door to room 27. Jack hears the shots and rushes upstairs, where Algren tells him to go downstairs and find Ganz and Billy. Jack confronts Ganz and Billy downstairs. When Algren makes it downstairs, Ganz takes Jack\'s .44 revolver and uses it to kill Algren, and then Ganz and Billy escape with Jack\'s gun. The police station issues Jack a new gun, a Colt 1911 .45, and fellow cop Ben Kehoe  tells Jack about Ganz\'s former partner Reggie Hammond , who is in prison with 6 months to go on a three year sentence for armed robbery. Jack tells his boss, Haden , that he wants to work alone in the search for Ganz, and then Jack visits Reggie at the prison. Jack gets Reggie a 48 hour leave from the prison so Reggie can help Jack find Ganz and Billy. Reggie leads Jack to an apartment that Ganz\'s last remaining partner, Luther , lives in. Jack and Reggie don\'t know that a few days ago, Ganz and Billy kidnapped Luther\'s girlfriend Rosalie . When Jack steps inside Luther\'s apartment and starts looking around, Luther runs upstairs to the apartment and fires a shot at Jack. Jack chases Luther to Jack\'s car, where Reggie is handcuffed to the steering wheel. After getting nothing out of Luther, Jack puts Luther in jail. That night, Reggie leads Jack to Torchy\'s, a redneck hangout where Billy used to be a bartender. Reggie, on a challenge from Jack, shakes the bar down in a famous scene, single-handedly bringing the crowd under his control. They get a lead on Billy\'s old girlfriend, but this also leads nowhere, as the girlfriend says she threw Billy out. Jack, frustrated to the boiling point, lets loose on Reggie and they get into a relentless but ridiculous fistfight. Reggie finally tells Jack about the $500,000, stashed in the trunk of his car, the spoils of a drug deal gone bad when Ganz apparently sold Reggie out. The money is in the trunk of Reggie\'s car, parked in a garage for three years. It was also the prime reason why Ganz & Billy took Luther\'s girlfriend: they wanted Luther to get Reggie\'s money in exchange for her return to him. Luther goes and gets the car, and Jack and Reggie tail him to a Muni station where Ganz comes to get the money. Luther, however, recognizes Jack, and Ganz and Billy escape, while Reggie chases after Luther. Left with nothing, Jack ends up sitting at the station waiting for Reggie to call. Kehoe, about to leave, reminds Jack about a message from "your pal from the vice squad." Jack goes to Vroman\'s, in the Fillmore district, to find Reggie, who has tracked Luther to a hotel across the street. Jack, humbled, apologizes for continuously berating and insulting Reggie. He lends Reggie some money to pay for a hotel room, but when Reggie leaves to fool around with a girl he\'s met, he sees Luther leave the hotel. Luther gets onto a stolen bus driven by Billy and hands over the money to Ganz. Luther asks if Rosalie is okay and Ganz gets angry because he promised that he would not hurt her and shoots Luther. What happens to Rosalie is left ambiguous. Ganz spots Jack and Reggie following them, and a car chase/gunfight ensues, which ends when Billy forces Jack\'s Cadillac through the window of a Cadillac showroom. At this point following a heated verbal thrashing from Jack\'s boss Haden, Jack and Reggie are ready to resign themselves to the fact that they failed to catch Ganz. At a local bar before Reggie goes back to prison, Jack wonders if Billy might go back to see his girl and use her place as a hideout. It turns out that Billy did. Jack and Reggie force their way inside and after a brief confrontation Reggie shoots Billy. Ganz escapes into a maze of alleyways, capturing Reggie. Jack approaches and shoots Ganz, throwing him off Reggie, then finishes him off by shooting him repeatedly. Reggie is almost shocked by Jack\'s stone face and lack of feeling killing another man. Finally, Jack takes Reggie to go fool around with the girl he\'d been chasing. They agree to meet again when Reggie gets out of San Quentin in six months. Jack leaves the money in Reggie\'s car, but asks for a loan on another Cadillac when he gets out. Reggie insists to Jack that he will be an honest man going forward. Jack seems to accept this, and Jack takes Reggie back to prison.'] ['Two best friends who live together in a caravan park discover that their favourite soap opera is about to be cancelled. They go on a quest to save the show.'] ['The story is a variation of the mistaken identity and impersonation theme made popular by The Prisoner of Zenda and other works. In this film, Wilder plays a former mental patient who is released from hospital but is mistaken for his doppelgänger, who happens to be a millionaire. Pryor plays a con man who tries to keep Wilder out of trouble, while taking advantage of the mistaken identity.'] ["It is set in July 2001. Maria Joana and her mother, Rosa Maria  go on a cruise from their home country of Portugal to Bombay, India, to see Rosa's husband who is an airplane pilot. At each port, a new person boards the ship. Catherine Deneuve boards in France, Stefania Sandrelli in Italy, and Irene Papas in Athens. The captain of the ship  invites the three women to dinner at his table, and they all speak in their own languages for the better part of the conversation. Later in the movie, Maria Joana and Rosa Maria are also invited to dinner and the captain presents Maria Joana with a gift. At dinner that night, the captain is informed that there are two time bombs aboard the ship. The passengers are then ordered to evacuate. Maria Joana runs back to her and her mother's cabin to get the gift the captain presented her with earlier that evening. Rosa Maria realizes that Maria Joana is missing, runs to the cabin to find her, and takes her back on deck to board a life raft. Unfortunately, it is too late; all the life rafts have left. The captain sees them on deck and yells for them to jump. As he is struggling to take off his uniform so he can swim to rescue them, there is the sound of two explosions and a bright light lights up the captain's face. The credits are displayed with the face of the captain, lit up from the explosion, in the background."] ["{{plot}} The film opens with a freighter at sea exploding and news announcements. The cause of the explosion is a mystery, with all crew accounted for with the exception of two unidentified stowaways. Jeff Peters  and Orville 'Turkey' Jackson  are seen floating at sea aboard a pile of wreckage. It was Jeff's idea to stow away, but it was Orville 'smoking in the powder room' that caused the explosion. As the two joke about eating one another to survive, they spot land in the distance. As they sit on the beach, Orville reminds Jeff of his promise to Aunt Lucy, to take care of him. Jeff reminds him that Aunt Lucy died before he could agree. They are interrupted by a convenient camel, and they hitch a ride. Once in the city, they are nearly run over by Arabs shooting guns, led by the sheik Mullay Kasim . Jeff and Orville learn the sheik is pursuing a princess for marriage. Orville is approached by a group of bearers carrying someone in a veiled box. A beautiful hand takes his and then leaves, with Orville in pure bliss. In a restaurant, Jeff and Orville eat heartily, while trying to figure out how to get past the knife-wielding owner without paying. A man  takes Jeff aside and hands over a great deal of money. Orville is happy to be able to pay for the meal, until he learns that Jeff 'sold' him. Orville is furious, especially since neither of them know why the man bought him. Jeff calms him down and tells Orville he'll buy him back, eventually; and two men throw a hood over Orville and carry him off. A week later, Jeff is woken by a vision of Aunt Lucy  who shames him for his act. Jeff says he tried to buy Orville back, but learned he was re-sold to someone else. Aunt Lucy tells him he has to find Orville, and recommends singing Orville's favorite song. Jeff walks through the street singing,  until a note, with Orville's locket is tossed at him from the palace window. The note, written by Orville, says he's being tortured and warns Jeff of danger. Jeff, thinking Orville is in trouble, scales the palace wall. Hearing a woman singing, Jeff sneaks into the palace and see a lot of beautiful girls dancing for the beautiful Princess Shalmar  and singing to a very relaxed Orville. Jeff storms in and is grabbed by guards. Orville feigns ignorance and tries to send him away. The princess dismisses everyone, except for Jeff. Orville admits the truth, but it's clear he's still mad at Jeff. He says he and the princess are to be married. Jeff is surprised, but the princess says her wise man read the stars and told her to marry Orville. She was the one that passed Orville in the veiled box, and also the one that purchased him. As she plants a passionate kiss on Orville, Jeff decides to stick around; a decision that almost brings him and Orville to blows, but the princess invites Jeff to stay. As Orville is waited on by beautiful girls, he learns from one of them, Mihirmah, the princess was supposed to marry Kasim, but also tells Orville she loves him too. Jeff breaks up the party and confronts Orville, who has Jeff thrown out. Jeff wanders the palace singing, an act that attracts the princess and they go on a moonlit walk. Mihirmah tries to get Orville to run away with her. Jeff tries to tell the princess that HE was the one sold and should be marrying her, but he is interrupted by a sword wielding Orville. The next morning an angry Kasim confronts Princess Shalmar for marrying someone else. He is prepared to kill Orville but the princess takes him to the wise man Hyder Kahn. Hyder Khan said he had read the stars and found that Princess Shalmar's first husband is destined to die a violent death within a week of the marriage, and the second husband would be blessed with long life and happiness. The princess tells Kasim that Orville is the first husband, and when he dies, she'll happily marry Kasim and they will live in happiness. Kasim finally understands and embraces the princess. Orville finds out about the prophecy and fruns to Jeff and convinces him that the princess actually loves him and he's going to run off with Mihirmah. Later that night, Orville is visited and shamed by Aunt Lucy's spirit, but Orville refuses to tell Jeff the truth. Meanwhile, the wise man realizes that he had been misreading the stars due to fireflies in his telescope; his prophecies are incorrect. Princess Shalmar refuses to marry Jeff, even though Orville is eager to get out of the marriage. The princess sends Orville away to get ready for the wedding. The wise man runs in and tells the princess and Jeff of the incorrect prophecy. The princess is happy and tells Jeff now she can marry him and not Kasim. Jeff realizes why Orville was so eager to get out of the marriage, but decides not to tell him. Instead he says the princess changed her mind, and Orville is only too eager to accept. Meanwhile the wise man's assistant tells Kasim, who rallies his men. The Princess and Jeff decide to get married in the U. S., accompanied by Orville and Mirhamah but they are confronted by Kasim, who takes the princess and gives Mihirmah to one of his men. Jeff and Orville try to use their 'patty-cake' routine on Kasim, but it backfires. They escape into the palace with the girls but are found and captured. Kasim takes the women and strands Jeff and Orville in the desert. They wander aimlessly, seeing a diner, but it's a mirage. They see a vision of a singing Princess Shalmar, which spurs them onward. They find an oasis which is near Kasim's camp. They try to sneak in, but are captured. They see another set of horsemen and learn its an enemy sheik who was invited as a token of peace. They manage to escape and set the two sheiks against each other. In the chaos Jeff and Orville grab the girls and escape. Later, on a boat home, Orville sneaks into the powder room for a cigarette. There is an explosion and then we see all four afloat a pile of wreckage. Fortunately, they are near New York harbor."] ["L.A.P.D. Detective James Carter  is on vacation in Hong Kong, visiting his good friend Hong Kong Police Force Chief Inspector Lee . Carter is interested in having a good time; however, soon after he arrives, a bomb explodes at the American Consulate.{{Cite journal}} Inspector Lee is assigned to the case, which becomes personal when it is discovered that it somehow involves Ricky Tan , his late police officer father's former partner. Tan, who was suspected, but never proven, of having a role in Lee's father's death, is now a leader of the Triads. The United States Secret Service, led by Agent Sterling , and the Hong Kong Police Force soon get into a fight over the jurisdiction of the case. Lee, believing Tan is the head of the operation, learns that Tan will be attending a dinner party on his yacht. Tan scolds his underling, Hu Li , who then leaves as Lee and Carter confront Tan. Tan claims that someone is trying to frame him. Hu Li suddenly appears and shoots Ricky Tan, making her escape in the chaos, and an angry Sterling holds Lee responsible for Tan's death, and orders him off the case. Carter is ordered to be flown back to Los Angeles for involving himself. However, Lee and Carter return to Los Angeles together. On the plane, Carter tells Lee that in every large criminal operation, there is a rich white man behind it and that man is Steven Reign ([[Alan King , a Los Angeles hotel billionaire that Carter says he saw on Tan's boat and that his calm demeanor during the shooting was suspicious. They set up camp outside the Reign Towers, spotting a sexy Secret Service agent named Isabella Molina , whom Carter met on Ricky Tan's yacht. After they watch Molina undress, and a few misunderstandings, Molina tells the two men that she is undercover, looking into Reign's money laundering of US$ 100 million dollars in superdollars . Lee and Carter pay a visit to Kenny , an ex-con known to Carter who runs a gambling den in the back of the Chinese restaurant he owns. He tells them that a usually broke customer recently came in to his establishment with a suspicious amount of hundred-dollar bills. Carter speculates them and confirms that they are Reign's counterfeits. They trace the money back to a bank friendly to the Triads, who are waiting for them and knock the two cops unconscious, with Molina looking on. After arriving in Las Vegas, Lee and Carter wake up inside one of the Triads' trucks and escape. After finding out where they are, they realize that Reign is laundering the $100 million through the new Red Dragon Casino . At the Red Dragon, Lee and Carter split up. Lee attempts to infiltrate the back area to find the engraving plates  while Carter makes a distraction, to attract all the security allowing Lee to pass, However, Hu Li captures Lee and places a small bomb in his mouth, then takes him up to the penthouse, where it is revealed that Ricky Tan faked his death and, as Lee suspected, is in charge of the operation. Tan soon departs the room, and Molina attempts to arrest Hu Li leading to a confrontation between the two but, despite Molina's best efforts, she is defeated due to Hu Li's martial arts experience. In the enusing chaos, Carter is able to free Lee from the bomb in his mouth before Hu Li has the chance to detonate it. Carter then fights Hu Li, while Lee heads to the penthouse to prevent Tan from escaping with the plates. In the penthouse, Reign opens the safe and takes the plates, running into Tan as he leaves. After Reign announces he is cutting their deal short and keeping the plates, Tan stabs him with a knife, killing him. Lee arrives and confronts Tan, along with Carter who shortly appears after  knocking out Hu Li. After a tense standoff, where Tan admits he killed Lee's father, Tan tries to break free, but Lee kicks Tan out of the window and he falls to his death. Hu Li then enters, holding a time bomb. Lee and Carter leap out of the window just as the bomb goes off, killing Hu Li. They slide on decoration wires with their jackets and barely escaping the traffic on the street in the process. Later, at the airport, Sterling thanks Lee for his work on the case. Molina says she would like to tell Lee something, and proceeds to kiss him for a short time, an event witnessed from afar by Carter. Lee and Carter plan to go their separate ways, but Lee reveals that he has always wanted to go to Madison Square Garden and watch a New York Knicks basketball game. Carter tells Lee he could go for one more vacation, and the two of them decide to go to the Big Apple."] ["The film's main characters are Mo Chara, Scud Murphy and Cereberal Paulsy, all from West Belfast. They have an interest in dog racing, which the narrator, Mo Chara, informs us, is very important in Ireland. A hooky booky makes a proposition to them, to help him win a race through underhanded methods and in exchange, he'll give them a dog. After sabotaging the race as requested, they find out that the dog, 'Boots' as they call him, is useless as a racing dog. When propositioned by someone else to help sabotage the booky's attempts to win a very important race, they receive a dog, Cerberus as a reward. They decide to test out Cerberus' ability and enter him in a race. However, instead of racing, Cerberus lies down inside the box and does not move, losing the boys some money. Outside the track after the race, the boys argue over what to do with the dog, when they are kidnapped and put in the back of a van. When they wake up, they find themselves hung up in a dog-food processing plant with the bookie and his henchman, Mooney in front of them. The bookie says that because they sabotaged the race his dog was in, which had a prize of £50,000, that they owed him that amount. He gives them a week to pay it. The boys decide to go 'down south' to the Republic of Ireland in order to escape their pursuers. While in the south, they see a local fair and decide to race the dog so as to win some money. The dog loses and angers Scud, who sells him to some travellers who are there, against Mo Chara's wishes. Later, it turns out that the dog is actually a great racer, which Mo Chara puts down to him only chasing real hares, not plastic ones. And the only place they use real hares is in Clonmel at the annual all-Ireland dog coursing championship. The three leave just after a fight breaks out between Scud, Paulsy and the rest of the fair and go in search of the travellers and their dog. They manage to steal the dog and get away from the traveller camp, after a brief chase down Irish country roads, they get away from the travellers and make their way towards Clonmel. On the way, they lose the dog out the back door of the van so they turn around to catch him again, after running over a dog which they're relieved to find isn't Cerberus, they find him again. The lads eventually get to Dublin and get some money by applying to test drugs at a clinic. That same night they find and have sex with three Polish girls, except for Scud who gets erectile disfunction when he's called to perform. They eventually get the dog and race him in Clonmel. After the dog wins several of his races, the hooky booky again appears and once again demands what he says they owe him. As the boys are discussing what they should do the travellers appear on the scene again and hold the boys over a cliff, about to kill them. At the last minute Mo Chara offers them a deal where if the dog wins, the boys get to keep the dog, but they'll give the travellers the money they bet on the dog, plus half the prize money and if the dog loses, they'll pay the traveller's what they think he's worth, which they say is 50 grand in an unspecified currency. They can't win the money themselves because the dog is in the boys' name. After some tense moments, the dog eventually wins and the travellers get their money and the boys get theirs. Paulsy ends up opening the first hash café in West Belfast, Scud gets a brand new shop van, Mo Chara builds a dogtrack and Cerberus is put out to stud."] ['In 2688, humanity exists as a utopian society due to the inspiration of the music and wisdom of the Two Great Ones: Bill S. Preston, Esq.  and "Ted" Theodore Logan . Rufus  is tasked by the leaders to travel back to San Dimas, California of 1988 using a time machine shaped like a phone booth to ensure that the Bill and Ted, then dim-witted high school students, successfully pass a history class. Should they fail, Ted\'s father, police captain Logan , plans to ship Ted to a military academy in Alaska, ending Bill & Ted\'s fledgling band, the "Wyld Stallyns", and altering the future. Rufus finds the two teenagers struggling to finish their history paper, which tasks them to describe how three historical figures would view San Dimas of the present, trying to obtain help from customers at a local Circle K convenience store. Rufus initially has difficulty convincing the two of his help when a copy of the phone booth time machine arrives, and versions of Bill and Ted from some hours in the future step out. They are able to convince their earlier selves that Rufus can be trusted by correctly guessing the number the two were thinking of, sixty-nine. The future Bill and Ted briefly discuss their situation with Rufus before disappearing. Rufus offers the pair a demonstration of the time machine, taking them back to 1805 where they find Napoleon Bonaparte  leading his forces against Austria. As Rufus, Bill and Ted depart back to the present, Napoleon is thrown by a cannonball explosion into their wake, and is dragged through the time circuits to the present. Rufus takes a moment to explain that time will continue to progress normally for Bill and Ted and they cannot miss their class presentation the next day, and then departs, leaving the empty time machine for the two. As Bill and Ted discuss where to go next, they discover Napoleon stuck in a nearby tree. This gives them the idea of kidnapping historical figures as to bring them to the present to complete their report. They leave Napoleon with Ted\'s younger brother Deacon  before travelling. The two are able to successfully befriend Billy the Kid  from 1879 and Socrates  from 410 B.C. (whom they refer to as "So-crates" , before stopping in 15th century England, where they become infatuated with Princesses Elizabeth  and Joanna . This leads to them getting in trouble with their father the King, but Billy and Socrates rescue the pair, and they escape, though the booth is partially damaged on their departure. They end up in the far future, discovering the society based on their influence, and are inspired to complete their report with "extra credit" by kidnapping additional historical figures: Sigmund Freud  from 1901, Ludwig van Beethoven  1809, Genghis Khan  from 1209, Joan of Arc  from 1429, and Abraham Lincoln  from 1863. After a brief stop in prehistoric times to repair the booth, Bill and Ted program the machine to return to the present, but end up outside the Circle K on the night before, where Rufus was introducing himself to them. Bill and Ted convince their earlier selves of Rufus\' trustworthiness, and then are reminded by Rufus of how to get to the next day. When they arrive, Ted learns that Deacon had ditched Napoleon. They leave the other historical figures at the local mall to learn about San Dimas while they seek out Napoleon at a local water park, "Waterloo." While gone, the historical figures get into trouble and are arrested by Captain Logan. Bill and Ted execute an escape plan based on using the time machine in the future to set up what they need now. With all their historical figures recollected, the two give their presentation to the school, which is a rousing success, allowing them to pass the course and the two sends the historical figures back to their own time periods. Some time later, Rufus returns to Bill and Ted, presenting them with the two princesses before they were committed to a pre-arranged marriage, noting that the two women will also be part of Wyld Stallyns. Rufus asks to join the group as they play, but upon hearing their cacophony of music, admits to the audience that "they do get better".'] ['{{plot}} Montgomery "Monty" Kessler is an honors student in the Government program at Harvard University. Monty rooms with art student Courtney Blumenthal, radio DJ and trust fund child Everett Calloway, and neurotic pre-med student Jeff Hawkes, and is the pet project of Professor Pitkannan, a Nobel Laureate and staunch conservative. One night, while working on his thesis, his computer suffers a hard drive failure and all his data is lost. Paranoid about something happening to his sole printed copy, he leaves in the middle of the night to make copies, with Courtney following to make sure he is okay. While taunting Courtney for falling behind, Monty trips over a bike rack, breaking his ankle and dropping his thesis down a steam vent and into the boiler room of Widener Library. As Courtney distracts the night security guard, Monty sneaks down into the cellar to retrieve his paper. When he arrives in the boiler room, he sees a disheveled man reading it, then burning the thesis page by page. Shouting for him to stop, he is then attacked by the startled man. Asking only for his thesis back, the homeless man demands compensation for not burning it. Refusing a personal check, he demands donuts and fresh underwear. After returning to his house looking for advice and help from his roommates, he calls the university police on the man. They arrest him and search his belongings, but the thesis is not there. Following the man to his court appearance, his name is revealed to be Simon B. Wilder. After convincing the judge to dismiss the charges against him with impressive legal arguments, he is then held on contempt. Monty pays his fine so that he can get his thesis back. Following him outside, he confronts Simon about the paper. Although Simon blames Monty for getting him kicked out of the library, the two of them work out a deal for the thesis where Simon will give one page for each service Monty provides. Simon then takes up residence in Everett\'s broken-down van in the backyard of Monty\'s house. Confronted by his roommates, Monty assures them he will get Simon out as soon as possible. Rejecting Monty\'s idea of Social Security Disability benefits, Simon tries his best to teach Monty humility and humanity. Monty eventually warms up to Simon and the two become friends. During one memorable scene, Monty takes Simon to one of his classes with Professor Pitkannan, where Simon gets into an argument with the professor. Pitkannan attempts to humiliate Simon with his status as a homeless man, but Simon answers his question with such wisdom and eloquence that the entire class applauds as he leaves. Monty also tells Simon about how his father left him and his mother when he was five, having only sporadic contact with him until his death. Simon responds by showing him his collection of "memories," a bag of stones. Each stone reminds him of a specific memory like his "last good night of sleep" and a woman who was "the one". With time, some of the roommates learn to appreciate Simon\'s presence. Courtney appreciates the new, gentler Monty and Everett makes a deal with Simon to fix the van in exchange for wine. Jeff, however, is annoyed by having to pay for extra food and fears the possible reactions of his visiting parents. On a particularly cold night, Jeff rejects Monty\'s request for Simon to sleep in the cellar, threatening to move out with his share of the rent. Monty lies to Simon, who also asks to sleep in the cellar, but Simon sees through his deception and leaves in the middle of the night. After Jeff, Courtney, and Everett leave for Christmas break, Simon sends a homeless friend to the house with instructions to get a meal and deliver the rest of the thesis, along with a philosophical message. Delivering both, the friend tells Monty that Simon doesn\'t want to see him, but gives Monty his location at a church shelter. Monty goes to the church, discovering that the "shelter" is simply an alley filled with homeless people. He finds Simon on the ground wheezing and coughing and takes him home after promising not to take him to a hospital. He puts Simon up in the attic, their former roommate Boz\'s old room, and tells him that he can stay there as long as he likes with no deal. Simon then tells him that he has asbestosis from his days building and sailing ships for the Merchant Marines. Touched by Monty\'s courtesy, Simon agrees to accept government benefits to pay his way in the house. Recuperating over the break, Simon prepares a New Year\'s meal for the two of them, and is shocked to discover Monty has thrown out his old thesis and is writing a new one. As the roommates return home from break, Monty introduces Simon as their new housemate, but Jeff is reluctant to share the house with Simon and threatens to leave again. Eventually, Simon reconciles with Jeff by cooking him French toast, his favorite meal. While writing his own obituary, Simon reveals to Monty that he left his own wife and son when he joined the Merchant Marines. Monty is angry, but forgives him and brings Simon as his "date" to the biggest party of the year on campus. As the two watch Courtney dance with her on-again, off-again boyfriend "The Face", Simon recognizes that Monty loves her and gives Monty a poetic pep talk to not let her be a regret. Taking his friend\'s advice, Monty pursues Courtney and makes his true feelings known with a spontaneous kiss, which Courtney returns. Late that night, Monty and Courtney wake up to find Simon collapsed in the hallway and struggling to breathe. Monty then acquiesces to take Simon to see his long-lost son, Frank, even though it will mean missing his thesis deadline and thus losing his chance to graduate with honors. The entire household sets off on a road trip. When they arrive, Monty speaks to Frank, who initially refuses to meet Simon. Only after Monty tells him about Simon\'s failing health does he agree. The two talk for a minute, with Frank berating Simon for leaving and telling him he wants nothing to do with him. After his daughter  approaches, Frank tells her that Simon is nobody and leaves. Simon breaks down, grabs a stone for a "memory," and the roommates head back home. On the way, Simon has another asbestosis attack and leaves the van, intending to die alone in a field, recalling a story Simon once told about a dog of his who had done the same thing. Monty convinces Simon that he doesn\'t have to die alone, and the friends return home. As Simon lies in bed, the roommates take turns reading to him from Walt Whitman\'s Leaves of Grass. As Monty finishes his passage, Simon peacefully passes away. The four friends bury Simon in a cemetery, reading Simon\'s final obituary. He highlights each roommate\'s personality and especially congratulates Monty on his own personal honor. Monty breaks down and the friends embrace. Monty then goes to meet with Professor Pitkannan. The professor criticizes Monty for changing his thesis and for his new approach to government, but appreciates his beliefs and effort, saying there are few who agree with him either. He regrets that because Monty turned his paper in late, he could not graduate summa cum laude as he had intended. The pair shake hands and Monty leaves. At the graduation ceremony, the friends sit together and embrace as they are celebrated as the Class of 1994. They walk out, with Monty grabbing a stone for his own "memory".'] ['After entering a local "drag queen of the year" contest in New York City, Noxeema Jackson  and Vida Boheme  win a trip to Hollywood to take part in an even bigger, national drag queen contest. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced \'drag princess\' Chi-Chi Rodriguez  as their protégé . To do this, they trade in their airplane tickets for cash and buy a stylish but old Cadillac convertible with money given to them by John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt . The three of them set off for Los Angeles by car, carrying with them an iconic photo of Julie Newmar  that Vida purloined from a restaurant wall. While on the road they are pulled over by the racist, homophobic Sheriff Dollard , who tries to force himself onto Vida. He discovers Vida is not biologically female and, in the commotion, Dollard falls backwards and is knocked unconscious. The trio think he is dead, and they hurry off and leave him behind. As they recover from the incident at a rest stop, their car breaks down. A young man, Bobby Ray  from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens by and gives them a ride, where they take refuge in a bed and breakfast owned by Carol Ann  and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil . The drag queens become stranded in the town for the weekend as they wait for the replacement part for their car to arrive. While there, they are confronted by the town\'s small-mindedness, though it focuses not on their Genderqueer identities, but rather on their status as females, which addresses the social difficulties faced by those who are not white heterosexual males. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of roughnecks, but is saved by Bobby Ray. The drag queens are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town\'s clothing store and give the town\'s female residents  a make-over. Following their make-over, the group is abused by the same roughnecks that attempted to attack Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typically New York manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the annual "Strawberry Social" event. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beat up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens. Vida, meanwhile, becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann\'s abuse at the hands of her husband Virgil and, shortly thereafter, the three queens overhear Virgil giving Carol Ann another beating. Vida decides to intervene and beats up Virgil before throwing him out of the house. The next day, Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar and the two realize that the newcomers to town are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn over the drag queens. However, the townspeople, who now realize the biological gender of their new friends, begin to protect them. One by one they step up and confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion as in the film [[Spartacus . Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits for the party. Shortly after, Carol Ann repairs their car and the three queens are finally able to leave Snydersville, though they are now slightly saddened to leave behind their new friends. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew Vida was a drag queen all along due to her Adam\'s Apple, which cisgender women do not have. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied the queens on their trip. The trio eventually makes it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. Fittingly, the crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.'] ["A tough cop's  seemingly frail mother  comes to stay with him and progressively interferes in his life. She buys him an illegal MAC-10 machine pistol and starts poking around in his police cases. Eventually, the film draws to a denouement involving the title of the film and the revelation that even though she seems frail and weak she is capable of strong actions in some circumstances, i.e. when her son is threatened by a criminal and she shoots him in the shoulder."] ['Philo Beddoe is still bare-knuckle boxing to make ends meet while hanging out with Clyde the orangutan, and his brother Orville Boggs. Philo decides to retire from fighting but the Mafia has other ideas and he is forced into another fight. A motorcycle gang and a wayward girlfriend add to his troubles as Philo tries to go his own way.'] ['In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy  is the affable, clever, talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot "Sundance Kid" . The two return to their hideout at Hole-in-the-Wall to discover that the rest of the gang, irked at Butch\'s long absences, have selected Harvey Logan  as their new leader. Harvey challenges Butch to a knife fight over the gang\'s leadership. Butch defeats him using trickery, but embraces his idea to rob the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train on both its eastward and westward runs, agreeing that the second robbery would be unexpected and likely reap even more money than the first. The first robbery goes well. To celebrate, Butch and Sundance visit a favorite brothel in a nearby town and watch, amused, as the town sheriff  unsuccessfully attempts to organize a posse to track down the gang. They then visit Sundance\'s lover, schoolteacher Etta Place . On the second train robbery, Butch uses too much dynamite to blow open the safe, blowing up the baggage car. As the gang scrambles to gather up the money, a second train arrives carrying a six-man team of lawmen. The robbers scatter but the posse heads after Butch and Sundance, who unsuccessfully try to hide out in the brothel and to seek amnesty from the friendly Sheriff Bledsoe . As the posse remains in pursuit despite all attempts to elude them, Butch and Sundance determine that the group includes renowned Indian tracker "Lord Baltimore" and relentless lawman Joe LeFors, recognizable by his white skimmer. Butch and Sundance finally elude their pursuers by jumping from a cliff into a river far below. They learn from Etta that the posse has been paid by Union Pacific head E. H. Harriman to remain on their trail until Butch and Sundance are both killed. Butch persuades Sundance and Etta that the three should escape to Bolivia, which Butch envisions as a robber\'s paradise. On their arrival there, a dismayed Sundance regards the country with contempt while Butch remains optimistic. They soon discover that they know too little Spanish to pull off a bank robbery, so Etta attempts to teach them the language. With her as an accomplice, they become successful bank robbers known as Los Bandidos Yanquis. However, their confidence drops when they see a man wearing a white skimmer and fear that Harriman\'s posse is still after them. Butch suggests "going straight", and he and Sundance land their first honest job as payroll guards for a mining company. However, they are ambushed by local bandits on their first run and their boss, Percy Garris , is killed. Butch and Sundance ambush and kill the bandits, the first time Butch has ever shot someone. Concluding that the straight life isn\'t for them, they return to robbery, but Etta decides to return to the United States. Butch and Sundance steal a payroll and the mules carrying it, and arrive in a small town. A boy recognizes the mules\' brand and alerts the local police, leading to a gunfight with the outlaws. They take cover in a building, but are both seriously wounded when Butch has to make a run to the mules for more ammunition. As dozens of Bolivian soldiers surround the area, Butch suggests the duo\'s next destination should be Australia. The film ends with a freeze frame shot on the pair charging out of the building, guns blazing, as the Bolivian forces fire repeatedly on them.'] ['Japanese yakuza team up with Bosnian mobsters to import a toilet made of pure heroin into New York City.'] ['Mario and Luigi Mario are two Italian American plumbers living in Brooklyn, New York. The brothers are being driven out of business by the mafia-like Scapelli Construction Company, led by contractor Anthony Scapelli. Mario is the elder of the two brothers, being close to his late 30\'s, and Luigi is in his mid 20\'s. Luigi falls in love with an orphaned NYU student, Daisy, who is digging under the Brooklyn Bridge for dinosaur bones. After a date, she takes Luigi to the dig and witnesses Scapelli\'s men  sabotage it by leaving the water-pipes open. Luigi tries to stop it but he does not have his tools on him so he cannot fix it. They rush back to his apartment where they inform Mario about the incident. The three go back to the flooding and the brothers manage to fix it but are knocked out by two strange characters, Iggy and Spike, who proceed to kidnap Daisy. Mario and Luigi awaken a minute later and head deeper into the caves following Daisy\'s screams and discover an interdimensional portal through which Mario and Luigi follow Daisy. They find themselves in a strange dystopian parallel world where a human-like race evolved from dinosaurs rather than the mammalian ancestry of true humans. Sixty-five million years ago, a meteorite crashed into the Earth and in doing so ripped the universe into two parallel dimensions. All the surviving dinosaurs of the time crossed over into this new realm. Iggy and Spike turn out to be henchmen  of the other world\'s germophobic and obsessive dictator, King Koopa, descended from the T-Rex. However, the two have failed to also bring Daisy\'s rock, a meteorite fragment which Koopa is trying to get in order to merge his world with the real world that separated from Koopa\'s world during the meteor strike. It turns out that Daisy is the Princess of the other dimension but when Koopa overthrew Daisy\'s father , Daisy\'s mother took her to New York using the inter-dimensional portal. The portal was then destroyed, killing Daisy\'s mother in the process, but when Scapelli was blasting at the cave, the portal was reopened. When Koopa hears about the re-opening of the portal, he sends Spike and Iggy to find Daisy and the rock to merge the dimensions and make Koopa dictator of both worlds. Spike and Iggy, however, who had grown more intelligent after being subjected to one of Koopa\'s experiments, decide to turn on Koopa and join forces with Mario and Luigi. Koopa thinks only Daisy can merge the worlds, but Mario and Luigi were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Daisy is eventually rescued by the plumbers. Eventually, the two worlds merge and Koopa inadvertently devolves Scapelli into a primate while aiming for Mario, but Luigi and Daisy take back the rock and the worlds separate again. Mario confronts Koopa and eventually wins when he and Luigi devolve him, transforming him into a ferocious, semi-humanoid Tyrannosaurus. Koopa then leaps out for a final attack but Mario and Luigi destroy him by devolving him into primeval slime. Daisy\'s father turns back to normal and reclaims control over the kingdom stating he loves those plumbers. The citizens destroy anything involving Koopa. As the brothers return home, Luigi and Daisy admit their love for one another but Daisy cannot return to New York until the damage caused by Koopa is reversed and she spends more time with her father. Mario rephrases Daisy\'s words to Luigi but he does not care. A deeply hurt and saddened Luigi kisses her goodbye and the two brothers return to New York, while Daisy watches them leave. About three weeks later, Daisy returns for Mario and Luigi\'s help in fighting more villains. Meanwhile, Mario and Luigi\'s story is televised, giving them the name; "Super Mario Bros". In a post-credits scene, two Nintendo executives talk about a video game based on their adventures but they are asking Iggy and Spike instead of the Super Mario Bros. and they decide on a title called "The Super Koopa Cousins".'] ['In 1937, Ulysses Everett McGill , Pete Hogwallop , and Delmar O\'Donnell  escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $1.2 million in treasure that Everett claims to have stolen from an armored car and buried before his incarceration. They have only four days to find it before the valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake as part of a new hydroelectric project. Early in their escape, while still chained together, they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos, but fall off due to Pete\'s inability to get on. They then encounter a blind man  traveling on a manual railroad car. They hitch a ride, and he foretells their futures. They "seek a great fortune" and they will "find a fortune, though it will not be the one they seek". They will also see many wonders on their journey, including a "cow on the roof of a cotton house". They walk to Pete\'s cousin\'s house, Wash Hogwallop , who removes their chains, but, because he needs the money, he then turns them in to the police, led by Sheriff Cooley . The authorities set the barn they are sleeping in ablaze, but the trio quickly escapes with the help of Wash\'s son. When they pass a congregation on the banks of a river, Pete and Delmar are enticed by the idea of baptism, to the immense derision of the skeptical Everett. As the journey continues, they travel briefly with a young guitarist named Tommy Johnson . When asked why he was at a crossroad in the middle of nowhere, he reveals that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play the guitar. Tommy describes the devil as being "White, as white as you folks ... with empty eyes and a big hollow voice. He love to travel around with a mean old hound". This description matches Sheriff Cooley. The four of them come across a radio station run by a blind man , and record the song "Man of Constant Sorrow", calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys. Unknown to them, the song becomes famous around the state. The trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by police, and they continue on their own. Among their many encounters, the most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson , a run-in with three sirens who seduce and drug them, and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague . Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett’s home town only to find that Everett\'s wife, Penny , is engaged to Vernon T. Waldrip , campaign manager for gubernatorial candidate Homer Stokes . She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed of him that she has been telling their daughters he was killed by a train. While watching a film in a cinema, Everett and Delmar discover that Pete is still alive, the sirens having turned him in to collect the bounty on his head. After Everett and Delmar rescue him from jail, Pete tells them that he gave up the location of the treasure. Everett reveals that he was in prison for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure; he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape so he could reconcile with his wife. Pete is outraged at this news, primarily because he only had two weeks left on his original sentence, which has now been extended 50 years in light of his escape. The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, where Tommy is about to be lynched. The three disguise themselves as the color guard and attempt a rescue, but Big Dan reveals their identities, and chaos ensues, in which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes. The trio flee the scene with Tommy cutting the wires supporting a large burning cross, which falls on and incinerates some of the Klansmen . Everett convinces Pete, Delmar, and Tommy to help him win his wife back. Disguised as musicians, they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner that she is attending. Everett tries to convince his wife that he is "bona fide", but she brushes him off. The group begins an impromptu musical performance, during which the crowd recognizes them as the Soggy Bottom Boys and goes wild. Stokes, on the other hand, recognizes them as the group who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts for the music to stop, angering the crowd. He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile to the social order, but the crowd is unimpressed and runs him out of town on a rail. Pappy O\'Daniel , the sitting governor, seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys, granting them a full pardon while the event is being played on the radio. Penny accepts Everett back, but she demands that he find her original ring if they are to be married. As they leave the dinner, they run into a mob taking a jubilant George Nelson to jail. Delmar comments, "Looks like George is right back on top again". The group sets out with Tommy to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in. When they arrive, the police order their arrest and hanging. Everett protests, stating that they had been pardoned on the radio, but Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas, responding that where he comes from, "[they] don’t have a radio". The three begin to despair while Everett improvises a prayer to be saved. Suddenly, the valley is flooded and they are saved from hanging. Using their coffins as rafts, Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God, while Everett dismisses the incident as luck. He pipes down, though, as a cow floats by on top of a submerged cotton house. Tommy finds the ring in a desk that he is floating on in the new lake, and they return to town. Everett and Penny walk through town with their daughters in tow, singing. Everett presents the ring to Penny, who promptly states that it is the wrong one and demands her ring back. As Everett protests the futility of trying to find it at the bottom of the lake, the blind man rolls by on his railway handcar, his voice joining those of the girls in song.'] ["Axel Foley  is a young, talented, but reckless Detroit police detective who had previously been a delinquent. His latest act of attempting to catch crooks through an unauthorized cigarette smuggling sting operation goes sour when some uniformed officers show up, questioning their suspicious activity, resulting in a high-speed chase through the city streets which earns him the wrath of his boss, Inspector Douglas Todd . Axel's childhood friend and former criminal cohort, Mikey Tandino , shows up in his apartment  and tells him he is working in Beverly Hills, California, as a security guard, through the efforts of a mutual friend, Jenny Summers . After going out to have a few drinks, both men return drunk to Axel's apartment, where Axel is knocked unconscious and Mikey is confronted by two thugs, questioning him about some missing German bearer bonds that he had shown Axel earlier. Mikey is then murdered. After being refused the investigation because of his close ties to Mikey, Axel uses the guise of taking vacation time to head to Beverly Hills to ascertain the motive and solve the crime. While there, he finds Jenny working in an art gallery and learns from her that Mikey's most recent boss was respected local art dealer Victor Maitland , who had hired Mikey as a favor to Jenny. Axel decides to question Maitland about Mikey's employment, only to be thrown through the window by Maitland's bodyguards. Axel is promptly arrested and meets Beverly Hills police officers Sergeant John Taggart ([[John Ashton , Detective Billy Rosewood , and Lieutenant Andrew Bogomil . Bogomil assigns Rosewood and Taggart to follow Axel, and after a series of encounters, including the trio's foiling of a robbery in a striptease bar, the three develop a mutual respect. On the trail of Mikey's suspected killers, Axel sneaks into one of Maitland's art warehouses and soon begins to suspect that Maitland is involved in some questionable activities, including Mikey's murder. He finds coffee grounds in the warehouse and, after some intuitive undercover work, realizes that many of Maitland's boxes had not even gone through customs. After Axel is arrested again, this time after a scuffle at Maitland's country club, Bogomil demands to know why Axel is bothering Maitland. Axel finally admits that he suspects Maitland to be a smuggler, but is unsure of what exactly he is smuggling. He mentions the coffee grounds that he had found as proof. Bogomil, knowing that coffee grounds are often used to throw off drug-sniffing dogs, seems to believe Axel's story, but Police Chief Hubbard reprimands Bogomil for all of the chaos that Axel had caused and orders that he be escorted out of town. However, Axel convinces Rosewood to pick up Jenny and take her with them to Maitland's warehouse, where a shipment is due to arrive that day. Axel and Jenny break into the warehouse and discover several bags of cocaine inside a shipping crate. Axel tells Jenny to get Rosewood, but Maitland and his associates arrive at that moment. Maitland kidnaps Jenny and leaves Axel to be roughed up by his goons. Rosewood, after some hesitation, enters the warehouse and rescues Axel. Taggart tracks Axel and Rosewood to Maitland's estate, where Axel and Rosewood finally convince him of Maitland's shady dealings. Taggart joins Axel and Rosewood in their efforts to rescue Jenny and bring Maitland to justice. When Bogomil sees that Taggart and Rosewood are absent, then hears reports of shots fired at Maitland's residence, he calls for backup at the location and heads out to join up with the others. After a firefight that kills most of Maitland's associates, Axel kills Maitland's right-hand man Zack, who was responsible for Mikey's murder. Maitland himself shoots and injures Axel, then taunts him by using Jenny as a shield. Bogomil's timely arrival distracts Maitland long enough to allow Jenny to break free; Bogomil and Axel then fire repeatedly at Maitland, killing him. By the time Chief Hubbard has reached Maitland's estate, numerous marked police units are on scene to clean up after the earlier mess. Bogomil fabricates a story for Hubbard that covers for Axel, Taggart and Rosewood. When Hubbard asks Taggart to confirm Bogomil's story, Taggart, after having made things worse earlier by not covering for Axel following the bar incident, lies and backs up Bogomil. Realizing that he will probably be out of a job in Detroit, thanks to his adventures in Beverly Hills, Axel asks Bogomil to speak to Inspector Todd and smooth things over for him. Bogomil is initially reluctant, but relents after Axel talks about staying in Beverly Hills on a more permanent basis. Taggart and Rosewood go to see Axel off after he checks out of his hotel. Axel invites the partners to join him for a farewell drink before he takes off for home, and the two accept."] ['The film begins with a prologue set in Richmond, Virginia in 1865, showing the ironclad CSS Texas, carrying the last of the Confederacy\'s treasury, as Captain Adrian Tombs tries to run a Union blockade. The film then moves to the present day, where World Health Organization doctors Eva Rojas and Frank Hopper are investigating a disease that is spreading across Mali, Africa. Assassins attempt to murder Eva, but she is rescued by Dirk Pitt, from National Underwater and Marine Agency, who was working nearby. Dirk gets a call from a dealer in Nigeria. He sells Dirk a gold Confederate States of America coin, one of supposedly only five in existence, which was found in the Niger River. Dirk believes that this is a clue to the long-lost Texas. He convinces his boss, James Sandecker, to let him, Al Giordino, and Rudi Gunn, from NUMA, go to Mali to search. They give Eva and Hopper a ride, so that they can continue their investigation, for the WHO. Businessman Yves Massarde and dictator General Kazim, who controls half of civil-war torn Mali, try to stop the doctors from discovering the source of "plague". Kazim sends men to kill them and the NUMA team, not realizing their CIA and Navy background. Dirk, Al and Rudi survive the attack. Rudi tries to get out of the country to get help while Dirk and Al go to rescue the doctors. They save Eva, and then the three try to get across the border, but are captured by Tuareg, who are fighting the civil war against Kazim. The Tuaregs’ leader, Madibo, shows Eva his people, who are dying from the same disease she was investigating at the beginning. After taking samples, Eva finds that their water is contaminated. By accident, Al stumbles into a cave with a painting showing the ironclad Texas. Dirk believes that the Texas became stranded when the river water dried up after a storm and that the same river that carried the Texas now runs underground, spreading the contamination. They start to follow the dry river bed and work their way to the border. Dirk still hopes to find the ironclad along the way. Their plans are interrupted when they stumble upon the solar detoxification plant owned by Massarde, and realize that it is the source of the contamination. Rudi and Sandecker analyze their samples and find that the contamination is heading down the Niger River to the ocean, but they can\'t get any government help to intervene during a civil war in a sovereign country. Massarde captures Dirk and the others. He keeps Eva but sends Dirk and Al to Kazim. They escape but end up stranded in the middle of the desert. They find the wreck of a plane and fashion it into a land yacht which they use to find civilisation and contact Sandecker, who warns them that Kazim and his troops are after them. Dirk and Al enlist Madibo\'s aid to return to the plant and rescue Eva. He helps them infiltrate the plant and rescue his people who are working there as slaves. Rather than risk discovery, Massarde plans to destroy the plant, making it almost impossible to stop the contamination. Al goes to defuse the bombs while Dirk tries to head off Massarde. After a battle with a corrupt Tuareg, Dirk manages to save Eva while Massarde escapes. Dirk, Eva, and Al get away from the plant, but are strafed by Kazim in a helicopter gunship. A series of explosions along the dry river bed reveals the wreckage of the Texas, right where the cave painting showed it to be. They take cover inside thinking the ironclad\'s armor will protect them but Kazim\'s armor-piercing ammunition penetrates the rusted ironclad\'s armor with ease. They manage to fight back with an old cannon and destroy Kazim\'s gunship, just as Madibo arrives with Tuareg reinforcements which forces Kazim\'s army to surrender and end the civil war. In the end the contamination is dealt with, and Sandecker is offered a deal to do some covert work, while the government serendipitously funds NUMA, which he accepts, tentatively. It seems that Massarde, busy eating with a businessman, does not notice that the waiter  who pours him water from a bottle  served ONLY HIM and then disappeared with the rest of the bottle. It is implied that Massarde is poisoned  on orders from the US Government. The Texas gold, which belongs to the CSA &ndash; Confederate States of America, is left with Madibo\'s people. We see a soccer ball come bouncing into the same cave with the painting of the ironclad Texas, with Al in pursuit. He is playing soccer with the local kids. The cave, once empty, is now full of the gold. Later, while Al, Rudi, Sandecker are busy, Dirk and Eva are at the beach at her house on the bay in Monterey.'] ["The story starts as a retrospective, as police officer Dave Speed  faces his fourth execution attempt  for the alleged murder of his superior and friend, Sergeant Willy Dunlop . While taking his last walk once more, Dave reminisces about how this all got started. Coming fresh from the police academy, Dave is sent to deliver a parking ticket to the member of a tiny Indian village in the Florida Everglades. Unbeknownst to him, the U.S. government and NASA are preparing to conduct a secret radiation experiment in the area by firing a nuclear missile loaded with red plutonium into the area where the village  is located. Dave, the only person in that particular area, is hit by the radiation but does not die, and returns to civilization. His tale of having been close to the explosion is marvelled at by most, but dismissed by Dunlop. As time passes, Dave discovers that he has picked up a wide range of super powers, including super reflexes and speed, endurance, telekinesis, precognition, hypnotism, and the ability to survive a window drop from the 23rd story of a building unscathed. What is more puzzling is that sometimes his powers suddenly fail to work whenever he sees the color red. But his powers, even with their limitation, come as an advantage when counterfeit money is found throughout the city. The masterminds behind this scheme are a local businessman named Torpedo  and his mistress Rosy Labouche , a former actress whom Dunlop has a serious crush on. Right now, however, Dave is less a danger to them than an old retired magician named Silvius , who had inadvertently discovered how Torpedo transports his counterfeit money and now finds himself chased by Torpedo's henchmen. As it turns out, Silvius had also gained super powers the same way Dave did, and reveals his secret to the young policeman: Whenever he sees the color he saw at the explosion, his power is nullified for as long as he observes it. Dave reveals his secret to Dunlop and Evelyn, who are less than ecstatic about it. While Dunlop points out that Dave's precognitive abilities, which helped uncover Torpedo's scam, is unlikely to be admitted as evidence in court, Evelyn is not overjoyed at having a too-perfect man in the house. One night, Dave and Dunlop proceed to Torpedo's clubhouse, where Dave has Dunlop dance with Rosie  while he poses as a corrupt cop who wants a share of the winnings. By using his hypnotic powers on Torpedo, he gets the gangster to blab out the location of his printing facility: the fishing trawler Barracuda. But in the meantime, Dunlop inadvertently tells Rosie about Dave's powers and weaknesses in order to impress her. Once the information is obtained, Dave and Dunlop proceed out to sea to find the Barracuda. Going aboard alone, Dunlop finds the printing press and the latest stash of money, but is knocked out by Torpedo's men, who lock him into a freezer and then sink the trawler to destroy the evidence. Upon his return to Police HQ, Dave is arrested following a trumped-up accusation by Rosie, who also makes sure that he keeps seeing something red to prevent his escape from prison, though she could not do so during the first three execution attempts. Despite Rosie's last-ditch attempt to ensure Dave's demise by having a bouquet of red roses left in the electric chair room, Dave finally manages to escape prison and jumps into the sea, where he promptly swims to the Barracuda. Once he finds Dunlop aboard, alive but frozen stiff, he uses a borrowed piece of bubblegum to create a balloon, and both men rise out of the ocean and float back to the city. Having heard of Dave's escape, Torpedo and Rosie prepare to flee with Evelyn as their hostage. Dave manages to intercept them by jumping onto their Cessna and redirecting it to an airfield where the police are already waiting. Finally convinced of the validity of Dave's powers, Dunlop overconfidently jumps off the balloon while Dave races to save him with Rosie's red Feather boa wrapped around his legs. At the last instant, he manages to catch Dunlop , and both return safe and sound to prepare for Dave's and Evelyn's wedding. However, Evelyn, still reluctant to have a superman for a husband, has decided to have the last word in the matter by having her hair dyed red."] ['The movie takes place in the fictional city of Bay City, California in 1975. The story centers around two cops who eagerly work for the Bay City Police Department. The city has a distinctly southern California atmosphere to it and Bay City is very similar to Los Angeles. The two cops are, David Starsky  a loudmouth, wannabe macho cop who loves his Ford Gran Torino and is paired with the cool, easy going Ken \'Hutch\' Hutchinson . The two are wary of each other in the beginning. Jewish-American drug kingpin, Reese Feldman , and his partner-in-crime, Kevin , are planning to bring in a shipment of drugs worth millions of dollars. They have developed a new type of cocaine which is untraceable in scent and taste. When Feldman finds out that one of his drug pushers failed a drug transport operation, he kills him and leaves the body in the ocean. Starsky and Hutch are called to the scene where the body of the murdered pusher washes up a few days later. A clue from the dead man leads them to Feldman\'s house for questioning. Feldman denies any knowledge of the crime and states his regret for the man\'s death. After meeting cheerleaders, Stacey  and Holly , they learn from another cheerleader, Heather , who strips herself completely naked while preparing for her shower, that a jacket worn by the dead pusher was made by Big Earl . Starsky and Hutch go to a prison to speak with Big Earl, who has connections with Feldman\'s drug business. Big Earl then makes the officers do embarrassing things to get what they want. He gives them a packet of what they think is cocaine. When it is taken to the lab for testing, Doby , their captain, tells them it is artificial sweetener. Starsky uses it in his coffee and he, Hutch, Stacey, and Holly go to a disco where Starsky suffers the effects of the drug. Hutch takes him home and proceeds to have a threesome with Holly and Stacey. Feldman continues to be the main suspect of the duo\'s investigation. They believe that Feldman stores drugs in his garage, and during his daughter\'s Bat Mitzvah, they go undercover to attempt to locate the drugs. After confronting Feldman, Starsky shoots the lock off the garage door, accidentally shooting and killing a pony inside. As a result, Captain Doby indefinitely suspends Starsky and Hutch; the partners then argue, leading to a split in their friendship. Meanwhile Hutch\'s neighbor, Willis , is involved in a bomb blast in Hutch\'s house, and breaks his leg . Starsky comes to visit Willis in the hospital where a "who\'s at fault" argument with Hutch finally leads to reconciliation. They both decide to go after Feldman and put an end to his drug business. With help from Huggy Bear,  their compatriot and informant, they learn that Feldman plans to sell the drugs at a charity ball by hiding them in Volkswagen Karmann Ghia\'s to be given away to preplanned dope pushers. The disguised duo manage to enter the party and hold up Feldman, pretending to be winners of a car. Upon shooting open the hood of the car, a large amount of cocaine is found. Feldman takes Hutch hostage, and Starsky\'s attempt to rescue him, he accidentally shoots Captain Doby. In the confusion, Feldman and his girlfriend Kitty escape outside with the money that was used to buy the drugs. Starsky and Hutch pursue them in a car chase over a golf course. Feldman and Kitty then take off in his yacht hoping to escape the partners. Not far behind, Starsky and Hutch decide the only way to catch Feldman is to ram Starsky\'s car into Feldman\'s yacht. Starsky gets the car up to speed on a pier and then hits a ramp, but jumps way off course and misses the yacht. It slams into the sea and sinks as the partners safely escape. However all is not lost; Huggy, who was hiding in the yacht, knocks out Feldman. In the last scene, at a party celebrating the capture of Feldman, Starsky is still upset about the loss of his car. Huggy surprises him by buying him another Torino from the original Starsky and Hutch duo . The two happy cops roll out in their new car answering to the police radio.'] ['Johnny Hooker, a grifter from Depression-era Joliet, Illinois, cons $11,000 in cash from an unsuspecting victim, with the aid of his partners Luther Coleman and Joe Erie. Buoyed by the windfall, Luther announces his retirement and advises Hooker to seek out an old friend, Henry Gondorff, in Chicago, to teach him “the big con.” Unfortunately, their victim was a numbers racket courier for vicious crime boss Doyle Lonnegan. Corrupt Joliet police Lieutenant William Snyder confronts Hooker, revealing Lonnegan\'s involvement and demanding part of Hooker’s cut. Having already spent his cut, Hooker pays Snyder in counterfeit bills. Lonnegan\'s men murder Luther, and Hooker flees for his life to Chicago. Gondorff, a once-great con-man now hiding out from the FBI, is initially reluctant to take on the dangerous Lonnegan. However, Gondorff relents and decides to resurrect an elaborate and supposedly obsolete scam known as "the wire", using a large number of con artists to create a phony off-track betting parlor. Aboard the opulent 20th Century Limited, Gondorff, posing as boorish Chicago bookie "Shaw", buys his way into Lonnegan\'s private high-stakes poker game and out-cheats Lonnegan, winning $15,000 from him and making Lonnegan furious. Hooker, posing as Shaw\'s disgruntled employee "Kelly", is sent to collect the winnings and instead convinces Lonnegan that he wants to take over Shaw\'s operation. Kelly reveals that he has a partner named Les Harmon  in the Chicago Western Union office, who will allow them to win bets on horse races by past-posting. Meanwhile, Snyder has tracked Hooker to Chicago, but his pursuit is thwarted when he is summoned by undercover FBI agents led by Agent Polk, who orders him to assist in their scheme to arrest Gondorff using Hooker. Additionally, Lonnegan has grown frustrated with his men\'s inability to find and kill Hooker. Unaware that “Kelly” is Hooker, he demands that "Salino," his best assassin, kill Hooker. A mysterious figure with black leather gloves is soon seen following and observing Hooker. Kelly\'s connection appears effective, as Harmon provides Lonnegan with the winner of one horse race and the trifecta of another race. Lonnegan agrees to finance a $500,000 bet at Shaw\'s parlor to break Shaw and gain revenge. Shortly thereafter, Snyder captures Hooker and brings him before FBI Agent Polk. Polk forces Hooker to betray Gondorff by threatening to incarcerate Luther Coleman\'s widow. The night before the sting, Hooker sleeps with Loretta, a waitress at a local restaurant. As Hooker leaves the building the next morning, he sees Loretta walking toward him. The black-gloved man appears behind Hooker and shoots Loretta dead, later revealing her to be "Loretta Salino", Lonnegan\'s hired killer. The black-gloved man had been hired by Gondorff to protect Hooker. Armed with Harmon’s tip to "place it on Lucky Dan", Lonnegan makes a $500,000 bet at Shaw’s parlor on Lucky Dan to win. As the race begins, Harmon arrives and expresses shock at Lonnegan\'s bet, explaining that when he had said "place it" he had meant, literally, that Lucky Dan would "place" . In a panic, Lonnegan rushes the teller window and demands his money back. Just then, Agent Polk, Lt. Snyder, and half a dozen FBI officers storm the parlor. Polk confronts Gondorff, then tells Hooker he is free to go. Gondorff, reacting to the betrayal, shoots Hooker in the back; Polk then shoots Gondorff and orders Snyder to get Lonnegan away from the crime scene. With Lonnegan and Snyder safely away, Hooker and Gondorff rise amid cheers and laughter. Agent Polk is actually Hickey, a con man, running a con atop Gondorff\'s con to divert Snyder and provide a solid "blow off" to Gondorff\'s con. Hooker and Gondorff depart as the other con men strip the room of its contents.'] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh engage in a car chase with other LAPD detectives. When their objective crashes, Riggs and Murtaugh search the abandoned car and discover the trunk is full of gold Krugerrands , leading to the conclusion that the criminals in the pursuit are from Apartheid South Africa. Later that night, Arjen Rudd , the minister of affairs for the South African Consulate, orders his head of security Pieter Vorstedt  to warn Murtaugh and Trish at his home to cease the investigation around the Krugerrands. They do so, and in the wake of the attack on Murtaugh and his family, he and Riggs are reassigned to protecting a federal witness, Leo Getz , a loudmouthed accountant who decided to blow the whistle on his money laundering clients. A running gag in the film involves Murtaugh\'s daughter, who has appeared in a TV advertisement for condoms, embarrassing Murtaugh amongst his work colleagues. Mere moments after arriving at Getz\'s hotel room, an assassin posing as room service enters the room and tries to kill Getz. After falling out of the window into the hotel pool, Riggs and Murtaugh save Getz and discover he formerly laundered funds for the same drug smugglers. Getz leads them to the smugglers\' base of operations, a house on stilts. Riggs recognizes the assassin from the hotel, who then tries to make an escape by stealing a tow-truck parked outside the house. Riggs jumps onto the back of the tow truck, and Murtaugh and Getz chase after Riggs and the suspect. Later that day, Riggs and Murtaugh return to the house with full backup of detectives and uniform officers. Attempting to arrest the gang, Riggs and Murtaugh are confronted by Arjen Rudd and members of the South African Consulate. Vorstedt recognizes Riggs but before he can go any further, Rudd indignantly invokes diplomatic immunity on behalf of himself and his \'staff\', citing Riggs handling of the situation, "My dear officer, you could not even give me a parking ticket." Although ordered to leave Rudd and his associates alone, Riggs infiltrates the consulate\'s building and catches the name "Alba Varden," a name that appears familiar to Murtaugh. At the same time, Riggs begins to openly harass Rudd, and also begins a romance with Rudd\'s secretary, Rika van den Haas , who strongly dislikes both her boss and her country\'s policies. Riggs invites her to a dinner at his trailer and they end up sleeping together. Fed up with Riggs, Rudd orders Vorstedt to brutally murder the LAPD detectives investigating them. While guarding Getz, Murtaugh views an old birthday video and learns that Alba Varden is the name of a ship currently at the docks. He realizes that Rudd is planning to use the ship to smuggle his billions in drug money to Cape Town. At the same time Getz is kidnapped from Murtaugh\'s unguarded car, and Murtaugh is attacked by two of Vorstedt\'s men but manages to thwart them with a nail gun. On their part, Riggs and Rika manage to escape an attack in which Riggs\' trailer is shot up by Rudd\'s men via machineguns from two helicopters. When he returns Rika to her house, he is knocked out and captured by Vorstedt. Vorstedt confesses to murdering Riggs\'s wife years ago and drops him into the Los Angeles harbor in a straitjacket to drown. Riggs escapes by dislocating his shoulder , but finds Rika nearby, drowned. Vengeful, Riggs calls Murtaugh and announces that he is going after Vorstedt and Rudd. Leaving his own badge at the station, Murtaugh leaves to help him kill Vorstedt and Rudd. Meeting at Rudd\'s stilt house, Murtaugh heads inside to rescue Getz. Meanwhile, Riggs uses his truck to dislocate the stilts, causing the house to collapse just as Getz and Murtaugh escape. Because Murtaugh learned that the Alba Varden will leave for South Africa the next day, the sergeants go to the dock where the freighter is moored. They enter a cargo container and discover it is filled with millions in Rudd\'s drug money. When they are discovered and the cargo container is sealed, they use a Mercedes within the container to bust their way out. Riggs and Murtaugh rappel down ropes onto the deck of the Alba Varden, engaging the crew in a firefight and killing them one by one. Eventually, Riggs runs into Vorstedt, and they engage in a brutal hand-to-hand showdown, which ends with Riggs dropping a cargo container on Vorstedt, crushing him. Rudd appears from a balcony on the "Alba Varden" behind Riggs and shoots him before Murtaugh draws his gun and attempts to arrest the diplomat. Rudd holds up his ID and gloats, "Diplomatic immunity." Murtaugh shoots him in the head, replying: "It\'s just been revoked!", and afterwards tends to Riggs while the L.A.P.D. arrives.'] ["Set in a small town of Stillwater, Minnesota, Erik  is an adolescent loner with a vain and selfish workaholic mother, Gail  who hardly spends time with him. Dexter  is his neighbor who lives behind Erik, who contracted HIV through a blood transfusion. Initially, Erik is put off by Dexter, but the two soon become good friends despite their differences. Erik seeks a family in Dexter and his congenial mother, Linda , due to his strained relationship with Gail, but keeps the friendship a secret from her, knowing that she won't approve. Gail discovers the friendship one night after Linda comes over to ask Erik about something Dexter ate in the boys' quest to find a natural cure for his disease. She is furious and warns Linda to keep Dexter away, showing that not only is she selfish and neglectful, but also a bigot. Linda, who resents Gail because of her ways, refuses to listen and encourages the friendship. When the boys read an article in a tabloid about a doctor in distant New Orleans who claims to have found a cure for AIDS, they set out on their own down the Mississippi River in the hope of finding a means of saving Dexter's life. Initially, the boys start taking a boat down the river with a bunch of degenerates, but eventually steal their money  and try to hitchhike the rest of the way. When the boatmen find that their money has been stolen, they locate the kids at a bus station and proceed to chase them until they reach a dead end in a dilapidated building. Erik draws a switchblade, causing one of the men to draw a knife as well. Dexter suddenly grabs the knife from Erik, and cuts his hand to cause himself to bleed. He threatens the boatman with his blood, saying that he has AIDS and could easily transfer the disease to him . Dexter then chases the boatmen off, threatening them with his bleeding hand. Once the two men are gone, Dexter realizes what he has done in directly exposing his blood to the outside environment. He suddenly feels sick, so Erik helps to escort him back to the bus station. Realizing that their journey must end if Dexter is to be treated, Erik resorts to calling Linda to have her pick the boys up when they arrive on the bus in Stillwater. Once they return, Dexter spends the rest of his time in the hospital. Erik stays with Linda, knowing that not only will Gail be angry, but she will not let him visit Dexter in the hospital. Dexter and Erik prank the doctors three times that Dexter's dead. But when the third doctor arrives to check him, Dexter really is dead. While driving Erik home, Linda notices a mother holding her young child while crossing the street. With the child serving as a reminder of Dexter, she pulls over and breaks down crying. Erik apologizes to her, saying that he should have tried harder to find a cure. Linda, taken aback by his comment, embraces Erik, explaining that he was the happiest thing in Dexter's difficult life. Upon arrival at home, they are confronted by a furious Gail. When Gail starts to hit Erik, Linda quickly intervenes and asks to talk to her privately. Once inside Linda's home, Gail's anger backfires when Linda pins her against the door and angrily and tearfully tells her about Dexter's death and that Erik is going to the funeral. She ends with threatening to kill Gail if she ever hits Erik again. Gail sadly complies. At the funeral, Erik places one of his shoes in the coffin and takes one of Dexter's to let sail down the river . This way, the shoes represent the boys' souls and their will to live."] ["Sung Tse-Ho  works for the Triad, whose principal operation is printing and distributing counterfeit US bank notes. Ho is a respected member of the organization and is entrusted the most important transactions. Mark Lee , another high-ranking member of the group, is his best friend and partner in crime. Ho has a younger brother, Kit , who aspires to become a police officer. Ho keeps his criminal life secret from his brother and encourages Kit's career choice. However, Ho's father is aware of Ho's criminal activities and appeals to him to go straight, lest he end up in conflict with his younger brother one day. Ho is sent to Taiwan by the boss to complete a deal. Shing , a new member, is sent along as an apprentice. The deal turns out to be a trap by the Taiwanese gang. A shootout ensues in which Ho and Shing flee, pursued by local law enforcement. Ho eventually surrenders to the police in order to buy time for Shing to escape. After reading about Ho's capture in the newspaper, Mark finds and kills the Taiwanese gang leader and his bodyguards. However, Mark's leg is shot in the gunfight, leaving him crippled. While Ho is in prison, Kit and his father are attacked by an assassin; in the struggle, Kit's father is killed. Just before dying, he pleads with Kit to forgive his brother. Ho is released from prison three years later. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a driver for a taxi company, run by another ex-con. Ho spots Mark during one of his shifts; in contrast to Mark's letters, he realizes in horror that Mark has been reduced to an errand boy and janitor for Shing . During an emotional reunion, Mark asks Ho to return to his underworld lifestyle to take revenge on Shing and reclaim their positions in the organization, but Ho refuses. Ho seeks Kit out and attempts to reconcile with his brother , but is rebuffed by Kit, who sees Ho as nothing but an criminal who is responsible for their father's death. Additionally, Kit is resentful that his familial tie to Ho is preventing him from advancement in the department. In an effort to prove himself to his superiors and further distance himself from the stigma of his brother's criminal past, Kit becomes obsessed with bringing down Shing's criminal group, despite Ho's warnings to stay away from the dangerous case. Shing finds Ho and presses him to come back to his organization, offering to reinstate Mark if he returns. Ho flatly refuses. Consequently, Shing begins harassing and threatening Ho in order to get him to return, including attacking his co-workers at the taxi company, and having Mark beaten severely. Ho is dismayed but is still hesitant to take action. Meanwhile, Kit learns of a major deal being conducted by Shing and plans to take independent action against the criminals. Ultimately, Shing's escalating violence against his friends, a desire to protect his brother, and an impassioned speech by Mark finally convince Ho to join Mark in taking revenge on Shing. Ho and Mark steal incriminating evidence from the counterfeiting business and use it to ransom Shing in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Ho has given the evidence to Kit's girlfriend to hand to the police. Using Shing as a hostage, Ho and Mark take the money to a pier, intending to escape in the boat. It is revealed that it was Shing who betrayed Ho three years ago in Taiwan. Meanwhile, acting on his earlier information, Kit arrives on the scene intending to make an arrest but is captured by Shing's men. Even though he is free to escape, Ho decides to return to save Kit and asks Mark to leave on his own. Ho returns and offers to exchange Shing for Kit, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Ho and Kit are wounded and pinned down, but saved by Mark, who turned the boat around out of loyalty to Ho. After killing many of Shing's men, Mark berates Kit, telling him that Ho's actions had atoned for whatever wrongdoings he had done in the past. Mark is in turn killed by Shing. As the police approach, Shing mocks Ho , stating that his money and power will ensure his swift release. Kit, finally seeing eye to eye with his brother, hands Ho a loaded revolver, with which Ho kills Shing. Immediately afterwards, Ho handcuffs himself to Kit, expressing his desire for redemption and his admiration that Kit always walked the right path. Kit smiles tearfully. Now reconciled, the brothers walk together towards the gathered crowd of police."] ["Stel, a humanoid alien , teams up with a British soldier John Marrettie . They are searching for a top secret file which contains information about advanced energy production, captured alien spacecraft and the extraterrestrial pilots. The missing include Stel’s father, Arakawa, was shot down and imprisoned by Core – a paramilitary group. The Displaced file is being held by a renegade 'special forces’ leader, Wilson  who plans to sell the information on the black market to the highest bidder. Marrettie is forced to help Stel in the search to locate the file."] ['In 1978, five childhood friends won their junior high school basketball championship. During their celebration at a rented lake house, their coach, Buzzer  encourages them to live their lives in a similar way to how they played the game. Thirty years later, the five friends, who had remained close companions up until their graduation, have since separated. Lenny Feder  is a high-powered Hollywood talent agent who is married to Roxanne Chase , a fashion designer, and has three children. His two sons, Greg and Keithie  have become very spoiled much to his annoyance. Eric Lamonsoff ([[Kevin James  claims he is now a co-owner of a lawn furniture company, is married to Sally  and has two children, Donna and Bean . Much to Eric\'s chagrin, Bean continues to nurse on Sally. Kurt McKenzie  is a stay-at-home father who is married to Deanne , the primary breadwinner of the family, and has two kids, Andre and Charlotte . Deanne is pregnant with another child and her mother  also lives with the family. Rob Hilliard  has been divorced three times and has daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget  from those marriages. His current wife, Gloria , is 30 years older than him. Marcus Higgins  is a lazy womanizer. All five friends regularly harass with each other in comedic fashion throughout the film: Lenny for being rich; Eric for being overweight; Kurt for being skinny and not being more useful; Rob for his way of saying "Maize!" and for having a much older wife; and Marcus for being a slacker. When the five friends soon find out that Buzzer has died, they all return to New England with their families to attend his private funeral. Lenny rents the lake house for the 4th of July weekend for his friends to stay at, but Lenny cannot stay for the whole weekend because Roxanne has a fashion show in Milan. While at the lake house, Lenny is annoyed that their kids would rather play video games than spend time outdoors, so he and the others force their kids to play outside during their stay. Eric has a small incident on a rope swing and injures a bird. At a local restaurant, Lenny runs into his old nemesis, Dickie Bailey , who is still upset at Lenny because he allegedly had his foot out of bounds when he made the long-ago game winning shot. Dickie challenges him and his friends to a rematch, but Lenny declines, noting that Dickie is decidedly out of shape. The next day, the five friends spread Buzzer\'s ashes. Rob becomes depressed during this event, lamenting his failed marriages, and later says his three daughters from the past marriages are coming. After having to deal with Jasmine, Rob goes and hangs out with his friends, who were fishing. After making some jokes on Rob, the others elect to cheer him up with a game of arrow roulette. Rob remains in the circle the longest, making him the winner. His thrill of victory is cut short as the falling arrow impales his foot. That evening, Lenny discovers the kids talking on cup phones and Roxanne accidentally tells Becky that she is the "Tooth Fairy". Happy that they are enjoying the same kind of fun he had as a child, Lenny installs an extensive cup-phone network in the house. Roxanne ultimately figures out that it is more important to stay at the lake house than going to Milan. The five friends later go to a water park. There, Bean learns to drink milk out of a carton, while Marcus flirts constantly with Jasmine and Amber, having bought them skimpy bikinis. Rob assaults a ride attendant who insults Bridget for being less attractive than her sisters. Eric ignores Donna\'s warning about a chemical in the kiddie pool that turns urine blue, and chaos results when he makes a sissy in the pool. Later, the other friends and Eric pee in the pool and the water turns blue. Later, Lenny and the group go to the zip line and meet Dickie again, this time with his own group of friends, including Wiley , who ends up in the hospital after an accident. Lenny teaches his son how to shoot a perfect shot and the guys end the night by sharing a dance with their wives. The next day, Roxanne picks up Lenny\'s phone, then confronts him on lying about canceling their flight trip before she agreed on staying for the family instead of going to Milan. Eventually, everyone starts to tell the truth about their feelings and lives. On their final day at the lake house, Lenny and his buddies are challenged again to a basketball rematch by Dickie. At the game-deciding shot, Lenny purposely misses in order to allow Dickie to finally win. Before the end of the film, Marcus plays another game of arrow roulette, this time with an entire crowd of people, and everyone takes off, with Wiley accidentally getting his foot impaled by the arrow.'] ["The storyline opens in Tibet in the year 1943, wherein one of its protagonists, a Tibetan monk, is informed that he has fulfilled the prophecies made of him - he has fought an army of enemies while a flock of cranes circled above; fought for love at the palace of Jade; saved brothers whom he did not know from a family he never had; and forsaken his name. He is then entrusted by his master with the protection of a Scroll which contains knowledge by which the reader becomes the most powerful of living things - a protection that will keep him youthful and immunize him to injury until, at the close of 60 years, he must pass the knowledge to an heir. The master, who has formerly been the guardian of this Scroll, is killed by German soldiers shortly after the transfer. His pupil, the now nameless Monk, escapes despite the Nazi commander's expectations. 60 years later, a young pickpocket named Kar  robs a police officer in a subway station. He is arrested, but frees himself and chains the police officer, only to flee some of the latter's colleagues. Above in the street, the Nameless Monk is reading a newspaper when he notices several men attempting to capture him. The Nameless Monk attempts to escape by running into the subway, whereupon he and Kar collide, causing a young girl to fall into the path of an oncoming train. Kar and the Nameless Monk rescue the girl, whereupon the three escape, leaving Kar's bag of stolen goods in the station. Having escaped, the Nameless Monk and Kar introduce themselves to each other, whereupon Kar steals the Scroll from the Nameless Monk and runs away. Thereafter, wherever Kar goes he is chased by the Nameless Monk, who suspects that Kar may be a suitable successor as guardian of the Scroll. When fighting underground against a minor crime lord called Mister Funktastic , Kar meets a young woman named Jade, whom he falls in love with. The Nameless Monk then follows Kar home and watches him at home practicing Kung-fu by watching Chinese martial arts movies. The next day, Jade meets with Nina at the opening of the exhibit by the Human Rights Organization - Conscience of Humanity. Later, they meet again during the next day and are conversing when Jade walks up to them and asks Kar to return her necklace, which he had apparently stolen on purpose in order to return to Jade so as to earn her esteem. She is interrupted by a group of mercenaries whose quarry is the Nameless Monk - their intended target flees with Kar in his company. The Nameless Monk and Kar escape by hiding beneath an Asian laundromat, wherein are several monks of the lead character's order. The Nameless Monk then takes refuge in a nearby building where he shows Kar several advanced combat techniques, including a demonstration of the art of dodging bullets. They are attacked and the Scroll is taken to the employer of the mercenary forces - a crime lord named Strucker. It is revealed that Strucker is in fact the Nazi commander who fought with the Nameless Monk  60 years ago in Tibet. Strucker desires to use the power of the Scroll as a means of world domination. Upon reading the Scroll, Strucker finds that it contains a recipe for noodle soup, whereas it is later revealed that the true secret of power is tattooed on the Nameless Monk's torso. The Nameless Monk and Kar return home to find that Kar's employer, Mr. Kojima, has been murdered by Strucker's granddaughter, who happens to be Nina. They flee to the Asian laundromat but are betrayed by an ambitious monk who desires the power conferred by the scroll - however, all parties are taken to Strucker's center of operation and tortured. The Nameless Monk and Kar seek the help of Jade, whom they learn is the daughter of a currently imprisoned Russian crime lord. Their meeting is interrupted by Nina, who has Jade and Kar beaten and the Nameless Monk captured. Later, Jade and Kar infiltrate Strucker's headquarters, where they are separated as Strucker prepares to scan the Nameless Monk's brain. Jade fights Nina and defeats her, and Kar finds the Nameless Monk. By now, Strucker has regained his youth by reading the text of the Scroll, but he is unable to obtain the content of the last line, which is written nowhere and present only in the Nameless Monk's memory. Strucker attempts to scan the Nameless Monk's brain, but is prevented by Kar himself. The fight ensues, which takes to the roof of the building. In the end, Strucker is thrown onto electric cables; however, Strucker is preserved from death by the power conferred to him by his use of the Scroll. While Jade frees the other monks, the Nameless Monk transfers what is revealed to be only part of the Scroll's content, and the task of protecting it for 60 years, to Kar. When Strucker attempts to kill Kar, but is killed himself, it is revealed that Jade has also received a part of the Scroll and shares with him the task of protecting it and all the effects thereof. The Nameless Monk then tells them that they both passed the three prophecies  and the final test. The next day, the now aged Nameless Monk meets Kar and Jade, to whom he reveals the final line of the Scroll and whom he now deems inseparable. He then departs, lighthearted."] ["Old Joy tells the story of two friends, Kurt  and Mark , as they reunite for a weekend camping trip in the Cascade mountain range and Bagby Hot Springs, east of Portland, Oregon. The film is a story of friendship, loss and alienation. For Mark, the weekend outing offers a respite from the pressure of his imminent fatherhood; for Kurt, it is another chapter in a life lived on the edge--of maturity, and poverty. Tagging along for the ride is Lucy, Mark's mixed breed dog , who simply enjoys the adventure, and is not burdened with the regrets of her two human companions."] ['During the First World War, two American soldiers become trapped in no man\'s land. Expecting to die, W. Daingerfield Phelps III  decides to fulfill his fondest desire: to beat up his sergeant since training camp, Peter O\'Gaffney . While they are brawling, the Germans sneak up and capture them. In a German prison camp, the two become friends when Phelps takes responsibility for an unflattering caricature he drew of a guard, rather than let O\'Gaffney take the blame. The two escape, stealing the white robes of Arab prisoners to blend in with the snow. However, they encounter  a group of similarly garbed Arab prisoners being sent by train to Constantinople. Near the end of their journey, Phelps creates a distraction, and the two men jump off, landing in a hay wagon. When the hay is loaded onto a ship bound for Arabia, so are they. The stowaways are discovered, but the skipper  is satisfied when Phelps pays him their fare. When a small boat founders nearby, Phelps jumps in to try to rescue an Arabian woman, Mirza . Both he and the woman have to be saved by O\'Gaffney. The two soldiers and the skipper vie for the veiled woman\'s affections. Phelps eventually coaxes her into removing her veil, and is entranced by her beauty. Meanwhile, the woman\'s escort observes this development with disapproval. The skipper insists on being paid for Mirza\'s fare, but none of the three have any money left. They hold him off as best they can. When they reach their destination, the skipper refuses to let Mirza debark without paying, so O\'Gaffney robs the purser to get the money. Mirza is met by Shevket Ben Ali ; Mirza informs Phelps that her father has arranged for her to marry Shevket. They depart. The Americans jump overboard when the skipper discovers what happened to his purser. The two men head for the American consul, but leave hastily without speaking to him when they find the skipper already there lodging a complaint. They decide to seek the assistance of Mirza\'s father the Emir, who turns out to be the governor of the region. However, Mirza\'s escort has told him and Shevket that Phelps has seen her without her veil. Outraged, the Emir sends his men to bring the Americans back to be executed. Unaware of this, the two soldiers saunter into the Emir\'s palace. Fortunately, Phelps reads Mirza\'s warning note in time, and the two escape. When Phelps sets out to rescue Mirza, O\'Gaffney shows true friendship and accompanies him. They are trapped by Shevket and his men, but when Mirza threatens to kill herself, Shevket proposes they settle this with a duel in which only one of the pistols is loaded. Phelps agrees and fires first; his gun is the unloaded one. Mirza is made to leave the room. Then Shevket reveals that both guns are empty; he did not wish to wager his life with a "dog". He exits, leaving his men to dispose of Phelps. The two men overcome their captors, relieve Shevket of Mirza, and ride away.'] ["Franklin Hatchett  is a car wash hustler, who gets dimed out to the police by an investigating news reporter named James Russell . When placed on a prison transport unit, he is handcuffed to a European criminal named Villard. The transport unit is attacked on a bridge, with the intent of busting Villard out. The attackers kill everyone with the exception of Villard and Franklin; they escape on a helicopter with another European named Dubray. While on the helicopter, Hatchett overhears the location of a cache of stolen diamonds. Hatchett then jumps out of the helicopter after hearing the discussion between Villard and Dubray to get rid of him. Now Hatchett's name and face are all over the news as an accessory to the prison break. Hatchett has to clear his name but he needs help. He calls on the only person who can help, the one that dimed him out, James Russell. Russell had just gotten fired from his job at Channel 12 News. Because he had the Top Story calling him on his phone asking for help improved his chances of getting his job back, because it was Sweeps Week. The two rampage all over the city to find clues to clear Hatchett's name, which eventually gets Russell's name involved and spread all over the news. Now, in the process of trying to clear both their names, the two find something more valuable than diamonds. Soon a gang war breaks out at a local colliseum when two separate gangs brawl in gun fights and threaten Franklin's life. Luckily, Franklin was saved when two of his friends used a bazooka and a machine gun to kill the thugs. James then kills Villard by placing several grenades under the chopper, blowing it up along with Villard. In the end both of their names are cleared and they are branded heroes. Franklin and James save two of the diamonds as jewelry pieces and James marries Grace with Franklin as his best man."] ['By Hook or by Crook chronicles the tale of two unlikely friends who commit petty crimes as they search for a path to understanding themselves and the outside world. Silas Howard plays Shy, a butch  who leaves his small town after the death of his father, and heads to the big city to live a life of crime. Along the way, he encounters Valentine, a quirky adoptee in search of his birth mother. Shy and Valentine, both born female, consider themselves men, and refer to themselves using male pronouns. An immediate kinship is sparked and they become partners in crime. Suffering money troubles, emotional problems, and physical confrontations, the duo face their issues head on and learn to trust each other and support each other in pursuit of their goals.'] ['After seven years, Thomas R. "Tommy" Callahan III  barely graduates from Marquette University and returns home to Sandusky, Ohio. His proud father, industrialist and widower Thomas "Big Tom" Callahan, Jr. , gives him an executive job at the family\'s auto parts plant, Callahan Auto. In addition to the new job and office, Big Tom reveals another set of surprises for his son: He plans to marry Beverly Barrish-Burns , a woman he had met at a fat farm, and her son, Paul , will become Tommy\'s new stepbrother. But, during the wedding reception, Big Tom dies from a sudden heart attack. After the funeral, the bank reneges on promises of a loan for a new brake pad division, the key to Big Tom\'s strategy for the company. Doubting the future of the company without Big Tom, the bank seeks immediate payment of Callahan Auto\'s debts. In a move that surprises even himself, Tommy suggests a deal: Tommy will let the bank hold his inherited shares and house in exchange for the bank giving him time to sell enough orders for brake pads to prove the new division\'s viability. If he sells the brake pads by the deadline, the bank will grant the loan. The bankers agree, and set Tommy\'s goal at proven sales of 500,000 brake pads. The bankers remind Tommy that if he should fail, the bank will use their ownership stake to convince the board to sell the company. Tommy sets out on a cross-nation sales trip with his father\'s former assistant, Richard Hayden , a childhood friend who has long been jealous of Tommy\'s ability to be lazy and yet be rewarded. Meanwhile, Beverly and Paul are shown kissing romantically. They are not mother and son, but married con artists with criminal records. Their plan to steal from Big Tom has paid off early. Instead of eventually suing for divorce and taking half of Big Tom\'s estate, Beverly has inherited controlling interest in the company. To turn that into cash, she seeks a quick sale to self-described "auto parts king" Ray Zalinsky . On the road, Tommy\'s social awkwardness and hyperactivity alienate potential buyers. These failures lead to tension between Tommy and Richard, which eventually escalates into a fight between the two after a near-car accident that was indirectly and unintentionally caused by Tommy. Adding to the duo\'s problems, Richard\'s classic 1967 Plymouth GTX is damaged in a series of comic pratfalls. But, when Tommy persuades a surly waitress to serve him after the kitchen has closed, he finds his confidence. With Tommy regaining confidence, the two make their first successful sale. The pair manage to mend their friendship and quickly make their sales goal. However, Paul sabotages the company\'s computers, causing sales posted by sales manager Michelle Brock  to be lost or rerouted. Customers cancel their orders. The bank, backed by Beverly and Paul, decides to sell Callahan Auto to Zalinsky. On the eve of the sale, Zalinsky does not hide his plans: He only wants the goodwill connected with the Callahan brand. He will close down the company and lay off its 300 workers. Hoping that they can persuade Zalinsky to reconsider his plans, Tommy and Richard travel to Chicago. In Chicago, Tommy and Richard are removed from the Zalinsky board room since Tommy has no standing. After briefly wallowing on the curb in self-pity, Michelle arrives with Paul and Beverly\'s police records. Tommy devises \'a plan:\' Dressed as a bogus suicide bomber, he attracts a live television news crew and then forces his way back into the board room. In Sandusky, Callahan workers watch the drama on a conveniently placed television. Having gained the attention of Zalinsky and the Callahan board, Tommy reveals his deception; the sticks of dynamite strapped to his chest are just road flares stolen from a construction site. In a final move of pure persuasion, Tommy quotes Zalinsky\'s own advertising claim to be on the side of the "American working man." As a TV audience watches, Zalinsky signs Tommy\'s purchase order for "half-a-million" brake pads. Workers in Sandusky cheer. The TV crew, thinking the story dramatically concluded, leaves. With the cameras gone, Zalinsky says that the purchase order is meaningless, as he will soon own Callahan Auto. However, Michelle shows her police documents, which includes Paul\'s outstanding warrants for fraud. The group around the table works through the logic together: Since Beverly is still married to Paul, her marriage to Big Tom was bigamy, and therefore never legal. Thus, the shares actually belong to Tommy. Since Tommy does not want to sell, the deal with Zalinsky is off. And, since Tommy still holds Zalinsky\'s purchase order, the company is saved. Paul attempts to escape, but is arrested. Zalinsky admits that Tommy outplayed him and invites Beverly to dinner. And, in a happy ending, Tommy is introduced to the employees in Sandusky as the new leader of Callahan Auto.'] ['Doug Madsen , Woody Stevens , Bobby Davis , and Dudley Frank  are four middle-aged suburban men living in a Cincinnati area suburb who find themselves frustrated with the pace of daily life and lack of adventure. Doug is a dentist who has trouble relating to his son Billy , Dudley is a single computer programmer who is afraid to talk to women. Bobby is a henpecked plumber whose wife has made him return to work after having taken a year off to unsuccessfully write a book, and Woody is a rich lawyer married to a supermodel. When Woody finds out his wife is divorcing him and leaving him bankrupt, he suggests a motorcycle road trip to California to the others. Dudley eagerly signs on, while Bobby lies to his wife about having to go to a plumber\'s convention out of town. Meanwhile, Doug is reluctant to leave work, but when his wife agrees that he should stay home because of his age, he becomes upset and suffers what his doctor calls a "catecholamine-induced supra-ventricular tachyarrhythmia" . This prompts Doug\'s wife to convince him to go on the trip. Calling themselves the "Wild Hogs," the foursome encounter several misadventures during the first couple days of their ride, including Dudley accidentally burning their tent, two encounters with a gay highway patrolman, and an awkward moment at a lake when the foursome are skinny dipping and inadvertently frighten off a family who had planned to picnic and swim at the lake. The men then stop at a roadside bar, where they meet the Del Fuego gang, headed by the tough biker Jack . Jack calls the Wild Hogs "posers" and has his gang take Dudley\'s bike, forcing the men to leave with Dudley in a sidecar attached to Woody\'s bike. Upset and humiliated by what just happened, Woody tries to convince the others to go back and get Dudley\'s bike. The others refuse, so Woody sneaks back alone, cuts the fuel lines of the other bikes, and retrieves Dudley\'s bike. Woody tells the others that he threatened to sue the Del Fuegos if they didn\'t give him Dudley\'s bike. When the Del Fuegos hear the Wild Hogs riding back past the bar, they try to pursue them, only for the bikes to stall. Jack accidentally drops his lit cigarette onto a line of fluid from where Woody cut the gas lines of the bikes, causing a chain reaction that blows up the bar. Woody sees the bar explosion in his rear-view mirror, panics and convinces the others to keep riding instead of filling up at a nearby gas station, not realizing the next station isn\'t for another 200 miles. The Wild Hogs run out of gas and end up in Madrid, New Mexico, where they stumble into a diner and help themselves to water and beer without first paying for the beer. As a result, the townspeople first mistake them for the Del Fuego gang. When the Wild Hogs explain their actions, they learn that the Del Fuegos have been terrorizing the town regularly, while the local police force, which has very little training and no guns, can\'t do anything to protect the town. Although Woody is still antsy about the Del Fuegos, the others convince him to stay in the town overnight. During their stay in the town, Dudley falls in love with Maggie , the diner\'s owner, while two Del Fuegos spot the foursome and report their location to Jack. Jack tells his scouts not to hurt the Wild Hogs until he gets there. The Wild Hogs confront the scouts and, believing Woody\'s story, get the scouts to leave and are hailed as heroes. The next day, a still-uneasy Woody finally convinces the others to leave, but then the entire Del Fuego gang shows up. Jack threatens to wreak havoc on the town unless the Wild Hogs pay for the damage to the bar. Woody admits what he really did to get Dudley\'s bike back as well as the real reason for the trip. Jack takes over Maggie\'s diner, but when he threatens to burn it, Dudley confronts them and is captured. The others join Dudley but are repeatedly beaten down. The townspeople band together to confront the Del Fuegos, but just then Damien Blade , Jack\'s father and the founder of the Del Fuegos, arrives and orders the gang to back off. Blade berates Jack for letting four "posers" hold off an entire biker gang, questioning aloud just which side was the "posers," and saying that the bar was merely an insurance scam. Blade tells the Del Fuegos to leave town, and ride the open road until they remember what riding is really about, mentioning as he leaves that Jack "takes after his mother." Doug and Bobby\'s wives arrive, and Doug reconciles with his son. Bobby\'s wife orders him to return with her, but he refuses, finally standing up to her and convincing her to let him finish the ride. The Wild Hogs leave, reaching California, and in a scene similar to one at the beginning of the movie, Dudley becomes distracted and nearly loses control of his bike. This time, however, he keeps control, while the others, in an ironic twist, crash into a tandem surfboard. In the end credits, it is revealed that the Wild Hogs had called Extreme Makeover: Home Edition to give the Del Fuegos a new bar to call home. While most of the bike gang is ecstatic and grateful for their new home, Jack is shown only crying and not saying anything, most likely out of joy.'] ['{{Plot}} Young Karl Westover , a pre-Civil War Texas farm boy, accidentally kills his brother-in-law and must flee to Mexico. Early into his flight he is met by the outlaw Barbarosa  who, seconds later, kills a man who was following him. It is apparent that Barbarosa knows him, but doesn\'t say. Despite his disgust that Karl has nothing worth robbing, is loath to leave the poor rube to die in the desert. Barbarosa shows Karl how to find water, make a fire, and catch an armadillo for his supper before leaving him with the advice to go home to Texas. Karl makes his way to a small pueblo and finds a grubby cantina. He is enjoying his first good meal in a long time and receiving the attentions of his first working girl ever when Barbarosa bursts in and robs everyone at gunpoint. Filling his sombrero with loot, Barbarosa instructs Karl to gather the rest, and steals away while everyone is bemused by Karl\'s amateurish performance. Nevertheless Karl escapes, and he and Barbarosa ride together for the winter while Karl learns the life of an outlaw adventurer. Karl is being pursued by Floyd and Otto Pahmeyer, the brothers of the man he killed, sent by their vengeful father. They are naive farm boys as Karl once was, and Karl and Barbarosa easily get the drop on them. Again to Barbarosa\'s disgust, Karl leaves them alive and tells them to go home. They say they can\'t, being more afraid of their father than the banditos. "You know how Papa gets", they tell Karl, and hike off to replace their guns and resume the chase. The banditos encounter a poor old couple with a burro, and  Karl refuses to rob them. Barbarosa and Karl are then captured by the outlaw Angel Morales and his gang, and as Angel is debating what to do with them the old couple, Angel\'s parents, arrive in camp and reveal great gobs of loot hidden in their burro\'s pack; Barbarosa tells Karl, "Well, I hope you\'re satisfied!" When the old couple tell their story, the enraged Angel shoots Barbarosa in the belly. He spares Karl\'s life for restraining Barbarosa from robbing his parents, but sets him to digging Barbarosa\'s grave. When Karl dumps Barbarosa\'s body in the shallow grave and starts throwing dirt in his face, he sneezes and whispers fiercely, "Stop that!"; it seems that the bullet was deflected by Barbarosa\'s big silver belt buckle, and he has been playing dead. Barbarosa scuttles off into the brush when no one is looking, and Karl quickly fills in the empty grave. Angel\'s gang capture the hapless Floyd and Otto, and Angel shoots them on a whim, again setting Karl to dig the graves. But in the morning, a stuporous Angel struggles awake to find himself buried to the neck in the desert sand, with the dead heads of Floyd and Otto surrounding him. Terrified, he screams fruitlessly for help and for the author of his demise, "Barbaroooooosaaaaaaa!" Even outlaws must have someplace to call home, it seems. Barbarosa has an ongoing love-hate relationship with the Zavala family. He brings his accumulated loot every few months when he visits his loyal wife, Josefina de Zavala , who lives at the hacienda of her father, Don Braulio Zavala . Intensely bitter, Don Braulio hates Barbarosa for crippling him and killing his son in a drunken fracas, and every few years he sends another young Zavala son, nephew, or cousin to kill Barbarosa; none has yet succeeded, and most have been themselves killed in the attempt. Don Braulio\'s tales, stylized and heavy with symbolism, spur the young Zavalas to their best efforts to be worthy of such an adversary, and the Zavalas have become rich and powerful thereby. The songs recounting Barbarosa\'s exploits become longer and more celebratory each year, and recent verses also recount the adventures of Barbarosa\'s new sidekick, the "Gringo Child." Yet the chorus between every verse exhorts "all you men of courage to grease up your guns and knives . . . this is the part where they kill Barbarosa." Barbarosa and Josefina have a nubile daughter, Juanita , who decides she likes the Gringo Child and hides Karl from searchers in her bed. Interrupted by her parents, Karl is kicked into the plaza by the enraged Barbarosa; the ruckus raises Don Braulio and the household, who rush to the plaza, guns blazing. Barbarosa twirls his Appaloosa horse in the gate, whooping, displaying his horsemanship and courage, and the banditos escape at the gallop amid a hail of bloodless gunplay. And when Karl too shows some backbone, telling Barbarosa that he liked Juanita and intends to visit her again, Barbarosa smiles and says that\'s fine with him. In the spring, Barbarosa and Karl decide to return to Texas. Climbing out of the Rio Grande canyon, Karl attempts to lend Barbarosa a hand up the final ledge. Karl is hampered by the saddlebags he is holding so Barbarosa says "Get rid of that!" To which Karl flings the saddlebags  back over the cliff. Terminally disgusted, Barbarosa yells at him, "I didn\'t say throw the MONEY down THERE! I\'ve BEEN down THERE!!!". Karl makes the aruous climb back down the cliff. He disturbs a rattlesnake and falls into the river. When Karl struggles back to the canyon rim that evening he finds Barbarosa waiting beside a campfire. He dumps the saddlebags of money at Barbarosa\'s feet, but Barbarosa is still peeved: "Bet you didn\'t bring an armadillo for my supper!" But Karl reveals his other hand from behind his back, tossing a dead armadillo into Barbarosa\'s lap. Both look at each other and laugh; Karl is learning, and starting to give as good as he gets. Barbarosa and Karl come to the Texas Hill Country and the German immigrant colony where Karl grew up, and ride into a stockmen\'s rendezvous. While enjoying eating barbecue and watching horse races, Karl mentions that horses are something he knows about and considers buying some broncos to take home to his father\'s farm. Suddenly a shot rings out—it is old Mr. Pahmeyer , still seeking to kill Karl for the death of his sons. In his rage, he misses. Karl covers him with his revolver and makes him stop trying to reload. "Go home, Mr. Pahmeyer, just go home!" he orders, and Mr. Pahmeyer has no choice but to obey. Karl buys his horses, but Barbarosa declines to accompany him back to lawful living. "To tell the truth, I\'m worn out keeping you amused," he grumbles. The two part ways as friends. Karl drives his herd to the farm, finding it very run down, his mother died, himself given up for dead, and his father Emile  and sister Hilda  despondent. He cheers them up, telling them that he "had a little luck down in Mexico -- me and another fellow." Next morning Emile steps outside to inspect "our horses." "OUR horses?" jokes Karl. "You\'d best break a few before it\'s \'OUR horses\'!", and Hilda laughs with them. But their laughter turns to screams as Mr. Pahmeyer takes another potshot from the woods, again missing Karl but killing his father. Karl goes alone to the Pahmeyer farmhouse, calling Mr. Pahmeyer to come out and end the feud. Mr. Pahmeyer calls back that he is sorry about killing Emile, that he never intended to do that. Karl calls back that he knows that, and again offers to end the feud. But despite the cries of his wife, Mr. Pahmeyer calls, "I don\'t think I can do it!" and charges out the door with his gun. Howling, "NOOOOO!", Karl is forced to kill him. Karl and Barbarosa reunite after some time . During a brief split, Karl aids Barbarosa in evading Eduardo Zavala , the most recent young would-be killer sent out by Don Braulio. Without Barbarosa\'s knowledge, he disarms Eduardo and strips him of his guns, his horse, and his boots. "WALK home! Git!" he orders Eduardo. But Eduardo is made of sterner stuff than his predecessors. He hones his silver crucifix down to a dagger point, wraps his feet in rawhide thongs, and stalks Barbarosa on foot. He leaps upon Barbarosa from ambush and stabs him in the belly, then flees to the south. As Karl sits with his dying friend, they discuss Barbarosa\'s life and death. "A man couldn\'t ask for better than what I had with the Zavalas," Barbarosa says. And then, "The little bastard\'s going back to tell everyone Barbarosa\'s dead. Barbarosa can\'t die!" Karl realizes, "He\'s afoot!" and may be caught before he gets back to the Zavala hacienda. Karl cremates Barbarosa\'s body, and pursues Eduardo at the gallop. But Eduardo has learned, and knocks Karl out by hitting him with a branch. Taking Karl\'s horse, Eduardo makes it back to the hacienda and is greeted as a hero. A fiesta is planned in his honor. Karl sits beside a campfire, defeated, nursing his headache. There is a rustle in the brush, and out comes Barbarosa\'s Appaloosa, with Barbarosa\'s saddle and enormous sombrero. Karl perks up. The fiesta at the Zavala hacienda is the most funereal party imaginable. Don Braulio Josephina and Jaunita look lost and bereft, the rest of the clan dance while contemplating directionless life without a Barbarosa to fight. Out of the night gallops a red-bearded man in an enormous sombrero on an Appaloosa, whooping and twirling and shooting up the sky. As Eduardo is about to be presented a black wreath of honor, Karl aims and shoots the reef just before it is place on his head. The Zavalas\'s shout, "Barbarosa! Barbarosa! Barbarosaaaa!" and scramble for their guns and knives.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Eugene  and his best friend Tucker  as kids. They sneak into the bedroom closet of Eugene\'s brother, as he recently acquired a valuable Michael Jordan rookie card. Upon opening the box the card was in, Tucker notices that Eugene\'s brother has an issue of Playboy. Tucker opens the magazine, instantly becoming obsessed with it. Three weeks later, Tucker\'s demeanor has changed to that of a hormone driven teenager, despite that he is only 8 years old. Fast forward ten years later, Eugene  and Tucker  are seniors in high school. Tucker is still a huge fan of the Playboy franchise, while Eugene and his girlfriend of two years, Cindi Whitehall  are public speakers on the subject of abstinence for younger teens. Despite this, in reality, Cindi has other plans, stating that since they have been together for two years, if she is not Eugene\'s first then they have big problems. They decide to go through with it at the after prom party that Tucker had invited them to. On the day of prom, Tucker tells Eugene that he has the limo booked, which when pulls up, has already picked up Tucker\'s high school drop-out friend, Phil, who now goes by the MC name of Horsedick.MPEG ([[Craig Robinson . At the After Prom party, Cindi goes upstairs to prepare, while Tucker takes Eugene into the kitchen and gives him several shots of hard alcohol. As Eugene leaves to go upstairs to meet Cindi, he walks through the wrong door, and falls down the steps into the basement. He is hurt so bad, that he falls into a coma for four years. After Tucker wakes Eugene with a baseball bat, he tells him that Cindi stuck around for a little while, but disappeared shortly thereafter because Eugene was "a vegetable." Tucker left Eugene to continue his recovery as Tucker went to work. He came back later to visit Eugene again with the newest edition of Playboy. While discussing where Cindi had vanished to, Tucker happened to stumble across a centerfold in his new issue of none other than Cindi. Tucker devises a plan to go cross country to the Playboy Mansion where there was a party to be held in 3 days for Playboy\'s annual Birthday bash, where Cindi was sure to be. Tucker left as he had a date with his "partner" of 13 months, Candace , who back in high school seemed to hate Tucker. Later that night, Tucker broke into the hospital while Eugene was asleep, stating they had to leave on their trip now, as opposed to 3 days later, as Tucker had an incident involving Candace and accidentally forgetting she has seizures caused by strobe lights as a side effect of her epilepsy. Starting out on the road trip, the two are attacked by Candace\'s brother, Rick , and his firemen crew, but manage to escape temporarily. Once in Chicago, they meet up with their old friend MPEG, who has become a famous rapper over the four years. They all hop on board his party bus and begin to trek across the country towards the Playboy Mansion. After an argument between Horsedick and Eugene, Tucker and Eugene were both thrown out of the bus in the middle of nowhere, and left to walk the rest of the way. Just as it seemed all hope was lost, a car pulled up with two lesbian women. They make a deal where the boys will drive while the girls are in the back with each other having sex. They make it all the way to the Mansion only to be stopped by bouncers at the door. Moments later, several fire trucks arrived, in search of Tucker. Tucker and Eugene manage to sneak into the mansion dressed in fireman outfits. The two go in separate directions while outside, Candace forces her way into the mansion, followed up by her brother, Rick. Tucker randomly hits on several Playboy models and meets PMOY 2007 Sara Jean Underwood and makes his way to the Grotto. Eugene, in search for Cindi, is suspected of being a stalker and is taken into a secure holding area, but not before being spotted by Cindi. Meanwhile, Tucker runs into Candace and darts back into the mansion, where he is spotted by the firemen. After avoiding the firemen, he tries to hide in the mansion and suddenly finds himself face to face with Hugh Hefner. Hugh and Tucker have a discussion about Tucker\'s issues, telling Tucker about the first woman he ever fell in love with . Hefner tells Tucker that "there is a bunny in every woman," and that if Tucker can only see the "bunny" in those women, that he\'s on to something. Back in the holding area, Cindi comes in to see Eugene. Eugene seems disgusted to see her, claiming that she left him behind and didn\'t care about him, and accusing her of sleeping with countless other men. Cindi argues that she did still love him and proves it by telling Eugene that the money she made modeling and being a Playboy Bunny was sent to help pay for Eugene\'s hospital bills, something Tucker never bothered to mention due to his absent minded nature. Just at that moment, Hef had called to have all stalkers removed from the mansion. Once tossed out on the streets, Candace finally caught up with Tucker. Tucker apologised for his faults and promised to look past hers and Candace decides to give him another chance. At the same token, Eugene runs into Horsedick.MPEG, who promised to "rip Eugene\'s face off." Eugene seems too distracted regardless to find Cindi. After Cindi comes out and reveals that MPEG was born without genitals, his crew pull down his pants, showing a straw sticking out where his genitals should be, confirming what Cindi said. MPEG leaves ashamed, and after Eugene and Cindi make up, Hef lets everyone back in. Eugene and Tucker find themselves in the Mansion\'s kitchen, and Eugene tells Tucker that Cindi is waiting upstairs for him, shades of the situation that started the whole mess in the first place. And just like 4 years previous, Tucker and Eugene take several shots together before Eugene goes upstairs, where he finally has sex with Cindi. In the unrated version, footage show Eugene and Cindi having sex. As going too fast he overexerts himself.'] ['A group of rogue Force Recon Marines led by disenchanted Brigadier General Frank Hummel  seize a stockpile of deadly VX gas–armed rockets from a heavily guarded military bunker, reluctantly leaving one of their men to die in the process, when a bead of the gas falls and breaks. The next day, Hummel and his men, along with more renegade Marines  seize control of Alcatraz during a guided tour and take 81 tourists hostage in the prison cells. Hummel threatens to launch the stolen rockets against the population of San Francisco unless the government pays ransom and reparations to the families of Recon Marines,  who died on illegal, clandestine missions under his command and whose deaths were not honored. The Pentagon and FBI develop a plan to retake the island with a Navy SEAL Team, enlisting the bureau\'s top chemical weapons specialist, Dr. Stanley Goodspeed , who initially thinks he\'s consulting the team, but soon learns that he has to accompany the SEALs due to his specialisation in chemical warfare. Goodspeed\'s confidence, already shaky as he received only minimal training in combat, is further tested when his fiancee Carla reveals that she is pregnant. Recognizing that any surface approach will be seen by Hummel\'s men, FBI Director James Womack ([[John Spencer  is forced to turn to federal prisoner John Mason , a former MI6 Agent and SAS Captain who has been illegally detained for decades by Womack and his predecessors. Mason is the only Alcatraz inmate ever to escape through the prison\'s uncharted tunnels, doing so in 1963, one year after imprisonment. Although Goodspeed manages to convince Mason to cooperate with the FBI in return for a pardon from the US Attorney General, Womack reneges on the deal. While in custody, Mason takes Womack hostage to escape, and takes a Hummer H1, while Goodspeed steals a Ferrari F355 and after the wild chase around the streets, Mason escapes. He leaves to see his estranged daughter Jade , who is the only proof that he exists. Goodspeed arrives and reveals to Jade that he is aiding the FBI. Womack initially only wants Mason to consult the SEALs, as he confides to Special Agent Ernest Paxton ([[William Forsythe  that he does not want Mason loose, but the FBI have no choice but to let Mason accompany the SEALs since he has committed the maps to memory. The team infiltrates Alcatraz, through the underground tunnels with Mason\'s guidance. The SEALs however are surrounded and gunned down by Hummel\'s marines in a shower room after SEAL Commander Anderson  refuses to surrender , leaving only Mason and Goodspeed alive when they remained in the tunnels while the SEALs confronted the marines. Paxton plans to abort the mission, but Womack agrees to let them continue saying that Mason and Goodspeed are their last hope. Mason attempts to leave the prison, but Goodspeed manages to convince him to help him defuse the rockets, since Mason\'s daughter is at risk from the rockets. Using Mason\'s knowledge of the prison, they quietly eliminate several small teams of marines and disable 12 of the 15 rockets, until Hummel threatens over the loudspeaker to execute a hostage if the remaining "Navy SEALs" do not surrender and return the guidance chips from the rockets. Only Mason surrenders to Hummel, trying to buy Goodspeed some time. Though Goodspeed manages to disable another rocket, the Marines capture him shortly thereafter. With the incursion team lost, the military readies a backup plan: an air strike by F/A-18\'s with Thermite plasma, which will neutralize the poison gas but kill everyone on the island including the hostages. As Mason uses his unique experience to escape from their cells, he reveals why he was held there for so many years — for stealing a microfilm of the United States\' most closely guarded secrets, including the Roswell UFO incident and the John F. Kennedy assassination . Mason states he didn\'t return it, because he knew the FBI would "suicide" him, if he did. While Goodspeed and Mason search for the final two rockets, Hummel fires one of them but changes the coordinates at the last second causing the rocket to crash harmlessly out to sea. Facing Captains Frye and Darrow\'s  frustration, Hummel explains that their bluff failed and that he refuses to harm innocent civilians. He orders them to exit Alcatraz with a few hostages and the remaining VX rockets to cover their retreat, while he\'ll stay, personally assuming blame. Realizing that they will not be paid their $1 million apiece, Frye and Darrow, along with Sergeant Crisp , decide mutiny against Hummel and his second-in-command, Major Tom Baxter ([[David Morse . With Mason and Goodspeed watching from afar, Crisp attempts to secure Hummel on Darrow\'s orders, but fails as the General is able to hold the SNCO at gunpoint. When Baxter is asked to take a side, he appears to side with Frye, Darrow and Crisp. The Major says what a privilege it was serving with Hummel, then fires at the three rogues. In the ensuing firefight, Crisp is killed by Hummel but Baxter is killed while Hummel is fatally wounded and pulled away by Mason. Darrow and Frye proceed with the plan to fire on San Francisco. With his last breath, Hummel tells Goodspeed the location of the last rocket. As the jets approach, Darrow is killed when Goodspeed fires the last disarmed rocket into him, launching the Marine outside where he falls and is impaled on a fencepost. Goodspeed stows the last gas pearls from the warhead and takes a loose one, but is then attacked by Frye who begins to strangle Goodspeed to death. Using the VX to defend himself, Goodspeed shoves the gas pearl into Frye\'s mouth and gives him an uppercut to the jaw, breaking the pearl and exposing both of them to the gas. Goodspeed injects himself in the heart with atropine as Frye dies from the VX gas. Goodspeed then lights green flares to signal that the threat is over, but only after one of the pilots fires, sending Goodspeed flying into the sea. The early detonation hits the back of the island and harms no one else. Mason reappears to pull the unconscious Goodspeed to shore. When he recovers, Goodspeed tells Mason that Womack tore up his pardon, which Mason expected. When radioed, Goodspeed states that Mason is dead. Goodspeed tells Mason to go to his hotel room, take a change of clothes and $200 he stashed and run. Mason thanks Goodspeed, and gives him a note that holds the location of where he had stashed the microfilm. When the FBI arrives, Goodspeed is asked about Mason and says the man was "vaporized." Paxton simply grins, suspecting otherwise as he, too, sympathizes with Mason. Goodspeed and his pregnant bride Carla  visit Fort Walton, Kansas, recovering the microfilm with a half-century of state secrets, including who actually killed John F. Kennedy.'] ['Flama  and Moko  are two 14-year-olds who have been friends since childhood. One Sunday afternoon, Flama invites Moko to play videogames while his mother is not home. There they have everything they need to survive such as videogames, pizza delivery, sodas, manga pornography and... no parents. But when the power goes out what seemed like a regular day becomes an adventure.'] ["The film is less concerned with plot than behavior as a friendship develops between Bill Denny  and Charlie Waters  over their mutual love of gambling. Charlie is a wisecracking joker and experienced gambler constantly looking for the next score. Initially, Bill isn’t as committed a gambler  but he’s well on his way. As the film progresses and the two men hang out more, Bill starts to become more addicted to the gambling lifestyle. He goes into debt to his bookie, Sparkie . Eventually, Bill hocks some of his possessions to fund a trip to Reno, where Bill and Charlie pool their money to stake Bill in a poker game . Bill wins $18,000, but doesn't quit; he is convinced he is on a hot streak. He plays blackjack, then roulette and finally craps, winning more and more money, eventually cashing out $82,000. But something happens at the craps table. When he finally stops, he is drained, almost apathetic. After they split their winnings, he tells Charlie he's quitting and going home. Charlie doesn't understand it, but sees that his friend means what he says, and they go their separate ways."] ['New Yorker Mitch Robbins  has just turned 39 years old, and is thick in the middle of a midlife crisis. His best friends are also having crises of their own. Phil Berquist ([[Daniel Stern  is stuck managing his father-in-law\'s grocery store, while trapped in a sexless marriage with his overbearing wife, Arlene. Ed Furillo  is a successful businessman and playboy, having recently married an underwear model, but is struggling with the idea of monogamous marriage and the pressure to have kids. Ed often invites his two best friends on his various adventures, which are not always appreciated by Mitch, as one year earlier he suffered a mortifying injury during a holiday in Pamplona, Spain during the running of the bulls. At Mitch\'s birthday party, Phil and Ed present their joint gift: a two-week Southwestern cattle drive for all three men. Mitch initially refuses, having promised to visit his wife Barbara\'s  parents in Florida. However, they are also visited by a young check-out girl from Phil\'s grocery store who inadvertently reveals an affair she has recently had with him. Heartbroken, Arlene informs her father and files for divorce, and Phil loses his job. After Barbara insists he go, Mitch and friends travel to New Mexico, where they meet ranch owner Clay Stone  and several other participants of the cattle drive. As they "learn the ropes" of moving a herd, the trio enter a tense encounter with the ranch\'s two professional cowboys, Jeff and T.R. , when they drunkenly proposition another participant, Bonnie Rayburn . The standoff is abruptly halted when Curly Washburn , the seasoned, tough-as-nails trail boss, lassos Jeff into a chokehold, and chastises both for being intoxicated on the job. Bonnie develops a crush on Mitch after this, but Mitch does not reciprocate. Curly, Jeff, T.R., and the ranch\'s guests begin the long drive to Colorado. Curly overhears Mitch insult him and later humiliates Mitch in retaliation. After a destructive stampede is Mitch\'s fault, as punishment Curly chooses a fearful Mitch to ride with him in the canyons to find some stray cows. They spend the night alone and slowly begin to bond. Mitch discovers that despite Curly\'s tough exterior, he is a very wise man. Curly advises him how to face his problems: by concentrating on the "one thing" that is most important in his life. The next morning, Curly and Mitch are forced to deliver a pregnant cow\'s calf, which Mitch names "Norman". After Curly is forced to euthanize its ailing mother by delivering a coup de grace, Mitch informally adopts the newborn. The drive runs into trouble when Curly unexpectedly suffers a fatal heart attack. As they proceed without him, Cookie the cook  gets drunk and breaks both his legs, requiring him to be taken to a hospital. Without Curly\'s presence, Jeff and T.R. become freely intoxicated, goading Mitch into challenging them. Ed intervenes and Phil soon disarms both, furiously ordering them to go to bed. Fearing reprisals from Clay Stone, Jeff and T.R. abandon the group in the wilderness, leaving them with no trail boss, food or map. The remaining participants decide to abandon the herd and seek civilization, except for Ed and Phil, who insist on driving the herd to Colorado despite Mitch\'s pleas. The others ride on ahead, but Mitch unexpectedly returns  to rejoin his fellow "city slickers" and finish the drive. The final test of the drive involves crossing a dangerous river. Despite a violent storm, the men successfully drive most of the herd across the river, except for Norman, who is caught up in the river\'s rapid current. Mitch impulsively chases after him, successfully lassoing the calf, but in turn gets caught in the rapids; seeing this, Phil and Ed race down the bank themselves and, working together, are able to save Mitch and Norman. As the men collapse on the river bank, they all have a long laugh, having at last overcome their respective crises. From there the three easily lead the herd back to the Colorado ranch, where they are warmly received by the other participants. Clay Stone, overwhelmed, rewards the entire group, and the trio in particular, for overcoming such adversity by fully refunding their fees. To their dismay, however, Stone has decided to sell the cows to a meat company for a fine price. Mitch returns to New York a happier man, having realized that his "one thing" is his family. Ed returns home to tell his newlywed wife he is fine with having children, and Phil starts a new relationship with Bonnie. Mitch has spared Norman from the slaughter by purchasing him and bringing the calf home as a pet, at least until he can find a "nice petting zoo".'] ["Richie Maxwell is down to his last quarter at a slot machine in Atlantic City, so he asks cousin Evan for two more coins for one more spin — a spin that wins a $400,000 jackpot. The joy of victory is quickly replaced by a fierce disagreement over who deserves what. Richie begins by offering Evan a very small percentage of his winnings. Evan didn't expect anything at first but now he is offended because he provided two-thirds of the money Richie sank into the machine. A bitter feud develops. Richie, a sneaker designer, hogs all the money and quits his job. Evan, a doctor, is so annoyed that, as a prank, he lets Richie believe he is dying. By the time he reveals the joke, Richie has done something drastic. The more rattled Evan gets, the more distracted he becomes at work. And even when the cousins come to a tentative truce, everything backfires on them in events that involve girlfriends, relatives and even the homeless."] ['Two friends and convicts, Joe  Terry , break out of Oregon State Penitentiary in a concrete mixing truck and start a bank robbing spree, hoping to fund a dream they share. They become known as the "Sleepover Bandits" because of their modus operandi: they kidnap the manager of a target bank the night before a planned robbery, then spend the night with the manager\'s family; early the next morning, they accompany the manager to the bank to get their money. Using dim-witted would-be stunt man Harvey Pollard  as their getaway driver and lookout, the three successfully pull off a series of robberies that gets them recognition on the FBI\'s Ten Most Wanted list. When a housewife with a failing marriage  decides to run away, she ends up in the hands of the criminals. Initially attracted to Joe, she also ends up in bed with Terry and a confused love triangle begins. The three of them go on the lam and manage to pull off a few more robberies, but after a while the two begin to fight over Kate, and she decides to leave them. The two criminals then decide to pull off one last job. The story is told in flashbacks, framed by the story of the pair\'s last robbery of the Alamo Bank, as told by Criminals at Large, a fictional reality television show. The show tells the story of the last job to be a failure when Kate tips off the police and the two are caught in the act. The two then begin to argue when Joe tells the police "You won\'t take us alive!" and the argument gets to the point where the two of them shoot each other dead. At the end of the film the real story behind the last job is revealed: Harvey used some of his special effects to make it seem as though Terry and Joe were shooting each other. Harvey and his girlfriend then ran in dressed as paramedics and placed the stolen money, Terry, and Joe in body bags. In the ambulance, Harvey uses electronics to blow out his tires which sends the ambulance into a junkyard. Under his jumpsuit, Harvey was wearing a fire suit. He lights himself on fire and rigs a bomb to go off. Kate, Harvey, Harvey\'s girlfriend, Terry, and Joe flee the scene, leading officials to believe the bodies were burned. Reunited, Joe, Terry, Harvey and Kate make it to Mexico to live out their dream. The last scene shows Harvey getting married in Mexico and Kate kissing Joe and Terry passionately.'] ['A blind man named Wally Karew  and a deaf man named Dave Lyons  meet when Wally applies for a job in Dave\'s New York City concession shop. After a brief period of confusion and antagonism, Wally and Dave become friends. Dave reads lips and guides Wally when they travel, and Wally tells Dave about invisible sounds and what people say behind his back. At a local bar, Wally defeats a belligerent man in a fistfight with assistance from Dave, who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is. Dave hires Wally. One morning, as Wally waits outside for the day\'s newspapers, a man walks into Dave\'s shop. When the man is approached by a beautiful woman named Eve , he surreptitiously removes a gold coin from a suitcase and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter. The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man in the stomach as Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information on a box of antacid pills. Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting, but he notices Eve\'s legs as she leaves the shop. Wally, who heard the gunshot, walks into the shop and falls over the man\'s dead body. Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun, which Eve left at the scene. When the police arrive, they find Dave and Wally huddled over the body with Dave holding the gun. Before they are arrested, Dave tells Wally to collect the coins from the box. At the police station, Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock , an experienced but callous detective who immediately becomes hostile to them and makes them his prime suspects. When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo  - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out by posing as solicitors, Wally recognizes Eve\'s perfume and Dave recognizes her legs, but Braddock ignores them when they insist that she is the killer. Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo when they are released, Dave and Wally escape from the police station, but the criminals soon find them. Eve takes the coin from Wally\'s pocket and telephones her boss Mr. Sutherland  for instructions, allowing Dave to learn the criminals\' plans by reading her lips. When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally, they use the fistfighting method they learned in the bar to knock him unconscious. They then steal an unattended police car and drive away with Eve, Kirgo, and Braddock chasing them. Working together to guide the patrol car, Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals, but they accidentally launch the car onto a waterborne garbage barge. After hiding the police car, the two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally\'s sister Adele  for help. The police follow Adele and search her motel room, but she, Wally, and Dave avoid detection, and they drive away after the police have left. Having incorrectly read Eve\'s lips, Dave believes they need to find a woman named "Grace George", but Adele realizes that Eve must have been referring to a resort called "Great Gorge". At the resort, Dave and Wally impersonate visiting professors and steal the coin from Eve while Adele distracts Kirgo by crashing her car into his. However, Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her to Sutherland\'s estate. After a discouraging mishap with the car, Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action, with the result that Adele escapes but the two men are captured. In his study, Sutherland reveals that the coin is a room-temperature superconductor, which is extremely valuable. Kirgo and Sutherland are killed during an argument over sharing the profits from the coin\'s theft, after which Dave and Wally slide down a wire and have a brief altercation with Eve and her helicopter pilot. When the police arrive, the remaining criminals are arrested, and Wally and Dave are released having been cleared of the charges. Shortly thereafter, the two men go to a local park and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other\'s head.'] ["Mike , a recent transplant to Los Angeles, has broken up with his long-time girlfriend of six years and is still having trouble letting go and moving on. His friend Trent  takes him on an overnight trip to Las Vegas in an attempt to get him back in the game. Trent picks up a cocktail waitress  and her actress friend , but Mike's obsession with his ex-girlfriend spoils the one-night stand. Back in Los Angeles, Mike attends various Hollywood and Los Feliz hot spots, including The Derby, The Dresden Room and the Hollywood Hills Coffee Shop, while his friends, Rob , Charles  and Sue  coach him on the rules of seduction. Mike makes several awkward attempts at speaking to women, but they all end disastrously. Along the way, the group discusses movies, video games, and their floundering careers in show business. When Mike learns to accept himself and eschew the pretenses and self-promotion involved in the Hollywood dating scene, he finally connects with a beautiful girl named Lorraine ([[Heather Graham . The next day, he gets a call from the ex-girlfriend he's been obsessed with but rejects her offer to get back together when Lorraine rings in on the other line. While discussing Mike's new situation at a diner, Trent interrupts to make a disastrous attempt at flirting with a woman nearby. As Trent tries to recover from the embarrassment, Mike smiles as the tables turn."] ['Stationed in Norfolk, Virginia, U.S. Navy sailors, Billy "Badass" Buddusky  and "Mule" Mulhall  are assigned shore patrol detail to escort young sailor Larry Meadows  to Portsmouth Naval Prison near Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Meadows has drawn a stiff eight-year sentence for a petty crime: trying to steal $40 from a mite box of the C.O.\'s wife\'s favorite charity. During their train trip up the northeast corridor, the oddly likeable Meadows begins to grow on the two Navy "lifers"; they know the grim reality of the Marine guards at Portsmouth, and feel sorry he\'ll miss his youth serving his sentence. They decide to show him a good time before delivering him to the brig. With several days to spare before they are due in Portsmouth, the trio detrains at the major cities along the route to provide bon-voyage adventures for Meadows. In Washington, they take him to a bar to have a beer, but are denied because Meadows is too young. Buddusky gets a few six packs and a hotel room, and the three get drunk. In Philadelphia, they seek out Meadows\'s mother, only to find her away for the day and the house cluttered with empty whiskey bottles. In New York, they take him ice skating at Rockefeller Center and then in Boston, to a brothel to lose his virginity. In between, they brawl with Marines in a public restroom, dine on "the world\'s finest" Italian sausage sandwich, chant with Nichiren Shōshū Buddhists and open intimate windows for each other in swaying train coaches. Meadows pronounces his several days with Badass and Mule to be the best of his whole life. When they finally arrive in frozen Portsmouth, Meadows has a final request – a picnic – so they buy some hot dogs and attempt a frigid picnic in the crunching snow. Docile Meadows walks along the park, seemingly ready to head to prison. He suddenly bolts, though, in a last-ditch effort to run away. Buddusky runs after him, catches him, and pistol-whips him fiercely. Mulhall and Buddusky then brusquely take Meadows to the prison, execute the Navy paperwork, and after being released from their detail, they stride away angrily, berating the marines they have encountered at the prison – and about how hopefully their orders will come through when they get back to Norfolk.'] ["Police Officer Alex Kearney  is a patrolman in a rich plush suburb of Philadelphia until he stops an important businessman and his story of the incident is not believed. He is sent to work Downtown, the most dangerous, crime filled precinct in the city. Everyone there is sure that this 'by the book' suburb pampered cop is going to get himself and whoever is assigned as his partner, killed. Sergeant Dennis Curren  draws the unfortunate 'babysitting' assignment but when Alex's best friend is killed investigating a stolen car, Alex throws the book out the window tracking down the killer."] ["The film follows the story of two women living in London, Shannon  and Frances , attempting to con a group of gangsters, led by Kerrigan  and Mason , into giving them £1,000,000 after they overhear a conversation between gang members during a local bank heist. The idea is that the money would later be used to fund the purchase of a large amount of expensive hospital equipment for the hospital where Shannon works as an overworked and underpaid nurse. Frances, a failing American actress who has resorted to doing voice acting for children's cartoons, wants the money so that she can get out of the rut she believes she is stuck in, and also because she wants a Mercedes to replace her aging Pontiac Firebird. Throughout the course of the film, the women threaten the mobsters in order to persuade them to give them a cut of the heist money. As the film progresses, the danger the women are in becomes more obvious, and just as it appears that they are out of their depth when Frances' car is blown up and Shannon is almost kidnapped, they successfully break into Mason's house and confront him and one of his gang. A mass shoot-out occurs after it becomes clear that the girls have stolen all of Mason's guns and have bagged all the money. They manage to get away in the gang members' Porsche Boxster with the bags of money. The hospital equipment is delivered to Shannon's hospital anonymously, as Shannon and Frances look on. They then drive off into London in the Mercedes CLK that they bought with some of the money, happy that they have done the right thing."] ['A group of childhood friends have a sleepover as a bachelorette party for Jamie, where the conversations evolve from the topic of their relationships with men to sex and related fantasies. The group includes two sisters, Rachel and Jill, between whom remains some emotional tension. The hostess for the evening, the bisexual Georgina, is pestered by her possessive live-in lover Chris who declines to join the party, staying in her bedroom.'] ['Growing up, friends Mitch Weaver  and Sam McKenna  are taught by Sam\'s hard-nosed dad Pops McKenna  not to "take crap from anyone". To that end, the pair plant a bunch of guns on a bully and have him arrested for gun possession and catch a kid-fondling crossing guard in the act with glue. As adults, after losing fourteen jobs in three months and being dumped by his girlfriend, Mitch moves in with Sam and Pops, who then has a heart attack. In the hospital, Pops confides that, because of their parents\' swinging lifestyle, he is also Mitch\'s father. Even though Pops\' heart is failing, Dr. Farthing , a hopeless gambler, will only raise his position on the transplant waiting list if he is paid $50,000, to save him from his bookie. Mitch and Sam get jobs in a cinema with an abusive manager  and exact their revenge by showing "Men In Black " to a packed house. The other workers congratulate them and suggest they go into business. Mitch and Sam open "Dirty Work", a revenge-for-hire business . Mitch falls for a woman named Kathy  who works for a shady used car dealer . After publicly embarrassing the dealer during a live TV commercial, the duo exacts increasingly lucrative reprisals for satisfied customers until they interfere with unscrupulous local property developer Travis Cole . Cole tricks them into destroying "his" apartment building , promising to pay them enough to save Pops. Afterwards, Cole reneges, revealing that he is not the owner and that he had them vandalize the building so that he could buy it cheaply, evict the tenants , and build a parking lot for his luxurious new opera house. Unknown to Cole, Mitch\'s "note to self"{{cite book}} \' mini-tape recorder captures this confession. Mitch and Sam plot their revenge on Cole, using the tape to set up an elaborate trap. Using skunks, an army of prostitutes, homeless men, a noseless friend , brownies with hallucinogenic additives, and Pops, they ruin the opening night of Don Giovanni, an opera sponsored prominently by Cole. With the media present, Mitch plays back Cole\'s confession over the theater\'s sound system. Cole sees that his public image is being tarnished and agrees to pay the $50,000. In the end, Cole is punched in the stomach, arrested and jailed, his dog is raped by a skunk, Pops gets his operation, and Mitch gets the girl. Dr. Farthing overcomes his gambling habit but is beaten to death by bookies in the end.'] ['Eddie Yang  is a Hong Kong police officer cooperating with Interpol in the capture of a crime lord named AJ "Snakehead" Staul . Snakehead procures an ancient book from a Chinese bookstore keeper, which tells the story of a boy being chosen every thousand years to bind the two halves of a legendary medallion. In Hong Kong, Eddie and Interpol agent Arthur Watson ([[Lee Evans  lead a raid to capture Snakehead and his men, who are about to kidnap the boy, named Jai . Eddie and the agents fight off Snakehead\'s men, infiltrating the temple containing Jai. Jai is saved but Snakehead eludes them. Two weeks later Snakehead captures Jai aboard a cargo boat in Hong Kong. Eddie and a team of Hong Kong police engage and defeat several of Snakehead\'s men, but Snakehead escapes with Jai to Dublin, Ireland. In Ireland, Eddie is assigned to help Interpol with the investigation, much to Watson\'s chagrin. Eddie is also reunited with his girlfriend, a British agent named Nicole James . By chance Eddie later encounters and apprehends one of Snakehead\'s top men, who confesses Jai is being held in the harbour. Eddie, Watson, and Nicole move to rescue Jai, defeating several Snakehead agents in the process. Eddie and Jai end up trapped inside a container, which is knocked into the water by one of Snakehead\'s men before they can be released. Eddie keeps Jai alive by an inflatable tent, but himself drowns. After being rescued, Jai uses his medallion on Eddie\'s body. In the morgue, Watson is grieving over Eddie\'s body when Eddie suddenly appears beside him. Eddie realizes Jai used the medallion to resurrect him, and his former body vanishes into nothingness. Jai splits the medallion into its two halves, giving one of them to Eddie. Snakehead\'s men appear in the hospital to recapture Jai and during the fight, Eddie discovers the medallion has also granted him superhuman strength and immortality. Nicole looks after Jai but he is captured again by Snakehead. At his castle hideout, Snakehead forces Jai to activate the medallion so he can gain its power, but with only one half of it, Snakehead only gains superhuman strength and remains mortal. To steal the other half, Snakehead and his men attack Watson\'s family. Watson\'s Chinese wife is revealed to be a police operative like him, much to Watson\'s surprise as he kept his job secret from his family. Together they fight off the attack from Snakehead\'s men. Eddie, Watson and Nicole learn the location of Snakehead\'s castle lair and go to finish him once and for all. The operation runs smoothly at first, but Snakehead kills Nicole and becomes immortal. He and Eddie engage in a vicious fight, until Eddie uses the medallion to take away the life it gave, destroying Snakehead. Jai allows Eddie to use the medallion to resurrect Nicole, who also gains super-strength and immortality. The two then run at superhuman speed into the distance as Jai enters another dimension through a portal, frightening Watson.'] ['Freebie and Bean are detectives with the San Francisco police. While distracted by his suspicions that his wife is having affair, Bean and his partner investigate racketeer Red Meyers, only to learn that a hit man is after Meyers as well.'] ['Molly Gunn  is a carefree and fun-spirited girl, living like a princess in a fairy tale. Her father was a popular rock-and-roll guitar player, who died in a plane crash with Molly\'s mother when she was a little girl. On her birthday in a nightclub, she meets Larraine "Ray" Schleine , a hypochondriac and uptight young girl in a bathroom. Ray turns out to be the daughter of Roma Schleine , a well-known record company owner. There she also meets an ambitious Australian singer Neal , who is trying to get Roma to sign him a record deal. Molly immediately falls for him and invites him to her apartment after the party. When at her apartment, Molly shows an amazed Neal the collection of guitars that her father left behind when he died. Bored by Molly\'s strange behavior, which includes owning a pet pig named Mu, eating Pez, speaking French, and various other oddities, he eventually leaves her for his career, but she does not give up on him. When Molly\'s accountant vanishes with her US$100,000,000 inheritance, she is left with nothing but debts, and she needs to find work in order to survive. But she has no previous experience or skills. She moves in with her best friend, Ingrid , who tells her that in order to stay with her, she must find a job. She is hired to be Ray\'s babysitter. Ray, as it turns out, lives in a fancy uptown apartment with her mother, who is too busy with work and clubbing to pay attention to her. Ray\'s father is in a coma, and under the care of a private nurse in the apartment. Ray doesn\'t seem fazed by her father\'s state at all. When they first meet, Ray is extremely rude towards Molly and disapproves of her carefree attitude and tardiness. The two get in a fight while they wash the dishes, which leads to Molly attempting to leave the apartment. She is stopped by Ray, who says "When you work for me, you leave when I say you can leave". Molly informs her that she in fact doesn\'t work for her; that she is employed by her mother. Ray responds by saying that because of Roma\'s work schedule and Molly\'s status, she is technically working for her. Molly yells that she quits, and angrily storms out of the apartment, giving herself a bloody nose as she slams a swinging door. Ray attempts to maintain order in her life by stifling her emotions - she often quotes Mikhail Baryshnikov: "Fundamentals are the building blocks of fun." She even feels this way about ballet, her beloved passion, leaving practice early when the class begins dancing freestyle. The day after the dish washing confrontation, Molly meets Ray at one of her ballet classes, apologises for her behaviour and asks for her job back. Molly gives Ray her pet pig Mu as a gift. Molly attempts to show Ray how to have fun, which at first causes them to fight. The two go to the amusement park Coney Island, only to find out that it is closed for the season. That night, as they ride back home on the subway, Molly tells Ray about the night her parents died. As Ray goes to bed, the two get into a conversation about Molly, in which Ray accuses her of being scared of growing up. Molly begins to talk about an incident in her childhood shortly after her parents\' death in which she ran away to Coney Island and sat down in the Spinning Teacup ride, spinning round and round over and over again. Molly begins crying and tells Ray that she had hoped they could go to Coney Island together. Ray holds Molly as she cries, and the two fall asleep in Ray\'s bed. The next morning, Molly wakes up to find Ray gone. When she looks for her in the kitchen, she sees Neal there, and she finds out that he is sleeping with Roma in order to get a record deal. Later, Molly learns that Ray was in her father\'s room reading. She advises Ray to share her life with her father for his better recovery, telling her about a show she once saw about comatose people who recovered because their friends and relatives talked to them while they were still comatose. Ray does this, telling her comatose father all about Molly, ballet, and Mu. The next day, Molly arrives at Ray\'s house to find that Ray\'s father is gone from his room. She learns from the nurse that he had died that afternoon. Devastated, Molly rushes to Ray to offer her condolences. Ray is disturbingly emotionless, and calmly orders Molly to leave. Later that night, Molly is called to Roma\'s office, where she is informed that she is fired. Molly begins to criticize Roma on her relationship with her daughter, saying she doesn\'t "...give her respect, you give her whatever she asks so that you don\'t have to deal with her." She then asks Roma if she knows certain things about Ray, such as what stage she is at in ballet, or how she likes to drink her tea. Molly tears up the payment Roma had given her, and angrily leaves her office. Neal tries to get back together with Molly; since leaving her, he hasn\'t written a single song. But Molly refuses to be with him, as she now sees how selfish he is. She auctions her father\'s legendary guitar collection for financial support, and the whole collection is bought by a stranger on the phone. Days later, Molly gets a call from Roma, who tells her that Ray is missing and asks her for help. Molly searches desperately for Ray and eventually finds her in an amusement park sitting in the Teacup ride. The two ride the teacups for a bit, and afterward, as Ray vomits into a garbage can, Molly tries to comfort her. Ray at first reacts angrily and violently, but the two end up in a tearful embrace. Later, Molly attends Ray\'s father\'s funeral, where she reconciles with Ingrid, and sees that Roma is taking more of a part in Ray\'s life. Before Ray comes out to meet the rest of the guests at the funeral, she requests to speak to Molly alone. After they talk, Molly tells Ray that they are going to be best friends. Ray says that grown-ups are never friends with kids, to which Molly responds "I don\'t see any grown-ups around here." Molly applies for Fashion Institute of Technology and gets positive reactions from them. She attends Ray\'s ballet recital. In the recital, Ray wears the tutu Molly made for her, and Neal makes an appearance as the lead singer, singing "Molly Smiles", a song Molly\'s father wrote for Molly. As he sings, he plays on one of her father\'s guitars, and some of the ballerinas hold his other guitars as they dance, proving that Neal was the one who bought the entire collection. Near the end of the recital, Ray does a freestyle dance, much to Molly\'s amusement. The scene fades with a shot of Molly smiling in the audience, and the credits roll as a voice of Ray is heard: "Every story has an end. But in life, every ending is just a new beginning."'] ['Beck  is a "retrieval expert", a bounty hunter, and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business. He tells his boss, Walker  that he wants out, and his boss gives him one last job, head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado  he meets Travis in the local bar. Travis doesn\'t want to go home, as he is close to discovering the "El Gato de Diablo" . Beck doesn\'t care, handcuffs him and begins to leave. They run into Hatcher  while leaving. Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist, forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area. Hatcher wants the Gato, as it could be worth a lot of money, and tries to take Travis. Beck easily defeats Hatcher\'s goons and begins to head back to the airfield. Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain. Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented, but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield. After an encounter with some local animals, the two run into the local resistance. At the resistance encampment, Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all. After a prolonged fight, with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand, the rebel leader Mariana  ends the fight. She wants Travis, as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher. Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp, killing many rebels. Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato, in exchange for taking Travis home. After some searching, Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall. The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in. The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave. As the three are celebrating finding the Gato, Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact, Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum. Mariana gives the two men Konlobos, a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater. As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is, she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away. After waking up able to move, Beck hauls Travis to the airfield. The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher, and will probably be killed. Travis pleads Beck to help, and the two head into town to rescue her. Using a cow stampede for cover, the two begin their assault on Hatcher\'s goons. Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus, leading to Beck resorting to firearms, something he had previously said he is against, revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men. Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee, but they are stopped by Travis, who takes the Gato and leaves. Hatcher confronts Beck, but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher\'s from his hand. Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople, and is shot and killed as he tries to leave. Travis reveals he didn\'t leave, gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate. Back in the U.S., Travis is delivered to his dad, who begins to verbally and physically abuse him. Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos. As they are paralyzed, Beck and Travis leave, with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck.'] ['A man named Johnny , who becomes the fall guy for a bank robbery is released from prison on a 36 hour parole. He takes a taxi, driven by Michel . During the road trip, Johnny has second thoughts and eventually Michel finds himself in the middle.'] ['Taxi driver Hartmut Mackowiak  is a seasoned man who has grown fond of firm habits and attitudes as it is not unusual for a man of his age. He shows no other ambitions than to do his job properly and to speak his mind. Mackowiak is no family man because his wife Christa  abandoned him and now he lives alone. One day a Turkish business woman becomes his passenger when she visits her mother in Nuremberg. She has her six-year-old daughter Hayat  with her because the child is supposed to get to know her grandmother  who lives in Germany. Mackowiak makes an impression on Hayat who is soon after left in grandmother\'s care while Hayat\'s mother goes abroad. Unfortunately grandmother is no longer up to the task of caring for a little child. Hayat feels that she is on her own when her grandmother suffers a stroke. Wondering to whom she could turn, the grumpy taxi driver comes to her mind. Mackowiak is downright flabbergasted when he realises that she seems to consider his taxi her refuge and that she\'s thinking "Nazi" was his name because she overheard her mother calling him that. However, he then also realises little by little he is neither too old to make new friends nor unable to learn to look at his world from a hitherto unknown point of view. Thus he even finds a new approach to his wife.'] ['The film portrays friends Marvin \'Shake\' Tiller and Billy Clyde Puckett as two football buddies who play for a team owned by Big Ed Bookman called the "Miami Bucks".{{cite book}} She initially has romantic feelings for Kristofferson\'s character, who has become more self-confident after taking self-improvement training from seminar leader Friedrich Bismark.<ref name Staff | title  Allmovie | publisher  | url avg&sql 2007-10-24}} Barbara Jane is determined to make it work with Shake, so she attends B.E.A.T. in an effort to "get it". Barbara Jane also feels guilty that she did not "get it". Shake is insistent that the training has had proven results for him, noting that he has not missed a football pass since completing B.E.A.T. While participating in the training, Billy Clyde is shown coping with the seminar rules forbidding going to the bathroom during the training.{{cite book}} For a time Puckett pretends he underwent a conversion to Bismark\'s way of thinking. While Barbara Jane and Shake are at the altar about to be married, the minister turns to Friedrich Bismark and gives him some advice on how he can avoid capital gains tax in his business.{{cite book}}'] ['An encounter in the bar of the Mexico City branch of the Camino Real Hotels, between tired businessman Danny Wright , hoping to land a life-saving contract in Mexico, and jaded, falling-apart-at-the-seams assassin Julian Noble , leads both men into an awkward friendship. Julian is confronting the immorality of his profession and experiencing a mid-life crisis that causes him to freeze on a job; Danny is fearing that a vitally-important deal will fall through and cost him his job. After an uncomfortable-at-times conversation, Danny leaves the bar. Julian apologizes and invites him to see a bullfight. During the spectacle, Julian reveals the kind of work he truly does, and when Danny is skeptical, takes Danny through the steps of murdering a portly spectator in the arena bathroom. Danny is shocked at how easily Julian can get within inches of the man, even though Julian ends the "tutorial" without going through with the murder. Later, while at an out-door cafe, Julian asks Danny to assist him in "facilitating a fatality;" Danny flatly refuses and Julian leaves. On leaving the idea seems to be that Julian has had enough of Danny and their friendship has just ended. That evening Julian appears at Danny\'s hotel room, knocking on the door, pleading to be let in; Julian wants to apologize for attempting to involve Danny in his work. Danny sits within looking undecided, and the scene fades to black without revealing what happened next. There is the sound of glass breaking once the screen goes dark. The film picks up again later, during the Christmas season. Danny and his wife are relaxing at their home when Julian visits Danny at his home at Christmas, looking for a place to stay. Danny and his wife have reservations about the situation, but decide to let him in. The grateful Julian notices that Danny has framed the ticket from the bullfight, an act that affects Julian profoundly. That night, he shares the real reason for his visit: he needs help with one last job. Julian convinces Danny to go along with the plan because Danny "owes" Julian. After much internal struggle and with Danny talking him through it, Julian completes the task at a Tucson horse race track. On the plane back, Julian reveals that the target was his old boss . Danny is surprised, then amused at Julian\'s craftiness, but is given a wake-up call when he lightly punches Julian in the shoulder and is warned by Julian "Don\'t ever do that again." Danny remembers his friend is still a killer and immediately apologizes. A split flashback sequence during the flight home , shows what took place a year prior when Danny let Julian into his hotel room: Julian talked Danny out of commissioning the hit. Later, Danny and his wife are shown at the grave of their son, something they do together every year. Julian watches respectfully from a distance, places a brochure for Greece  on their car windshield, then slips away.'] ['The film tells the story of three young friends whose passion in life is surfing. The friends include: Matt , a self-destructive type who has a devil-may-care attitude; Jack Barlowe , the calm and responsible one of the bunch; and Leroy "The Masochist" Smith , whose nickname tells a lot about his personality. Their surfing lives are traced from the summer of 1962 to their attempts of dodging the Vietnam War draft in 1965 , and to the end of their innocence in 1968 when one of their friends is killed in Vietnam. The three make the difficult transition to adulthood with parties, surf trips, marriage, and the war. The friends reunite years later, after Barlowe has served time in Vietnam, for the "Great Swell of \'74." With this reunion, the transitions in their lives becomes the end point of what the 1960s meant to so many as they see that the times have changed, and what was once a time of innocence is forever gone.'] ['Marcus Burnett  and Mike Lowrey  are best friends and detectives in the narcotics division of the Miami-Dade Police Department. One night, $100 million of seized heroin is stolen from a secure police vault. This is a major blow to Burnett and Lowrey, because it was the biggest drug bust of their careers. Internal Affairs thinks that it was an inside job and warns Miami PD that if they do not recover the drugs in five days, the narcotics division will be shut down. One thief, a former cop named Eddie Domínguez, is found dead at a suite at the Biltmore Hotel, shot to death by his boss, French drug kingpin Fouchet. Fouchet also kills an escort, Maxine "Max" Logan, who was hired by Eddie. It is revealed that she is also one of Lowrey\'s ex-girlfriends and one of his major informants. The only witness to the crime is Max\'s best friend Julie Mott , who watched the crime from the upper balcony of the suite. Although she has not met Mike, because of Max\'s relationship with him Julie will only trust and deal with Lowrey. However, he is away when she contacts the police about the murders, threatening to run if she does not speak to Mike. Captain Conrad Howard  forces Burnett to impersonate Lowrey to get Julie to cooperate. In order to continue the deception, Burnett and Lowrey switch lives. Burnett tells his family he is going to Cleveland for a case, leaving Mike to stay with them. Burnett then moves into Lowrey\'s apartment with Julie and her dogs. In Julie\'s presence, Burnett poses as Lowrey while Mike poses as Burnett. The investigation proceeds with Lowrey and Burnett calling in on their old informants, including Jojo , a former chemist who now works at a tire store. Later, Julie identifies one of Max\'s killers, Noah Trafficante, while looking through mug shots. The two cops then head off to Club Hell, one of his known hangouts. Unbeknownst to them, Julie has followed, eager to dish out revenge on Max\'s killers. Her presence alerts the criminals, resulting in Noah fleeing. After a brief fight and car chase, Noah is killed. The incident is caught on camera by a news helicopter. The subsequent report is later seen by Burnett\'s family. Lowrey and Burnett decide to visit Jojo again. After an aggressive and convincing good cop-bad cop act from Lowrey and Burnett, Jojo tells them the location of the chemist who is cutting the stolen drugs. After staking out his house, they follow him to where Fouchet is hiding the drugs. They return to Mike\'s apartment with Julie, where they are confronted by Marcus\' wife who blows their cover, causing Julie to try to run. Fouchet and his gang arrive at Lowrey\'s apartment and kidnap Julie. Because of this, Internal Affairs reassigns all members of the narcotics division, effectively shutting them down, but Captain Howard delays the order to give Lowrey and Burnett a chance to get Julie and the drugs back. Burnett, Lowrey and two other members of the Miami P.D.  organize a plan to stop the criminals from killing Julie and selling the drugs. A final shoot-out erupts between the group of cops and the drug dealers at an abandoned air field. Burnett is shot in the leg after saving Julie from Fouchet. Fouchet also shoots Lowrey while escaping the building, which is now on fire, but he is rescued by Burnett and Julie who left to get Lowrey\'s car. The cops and Julie chase Fouchet\'s Shelby Cobra AC 427 in Mike\'s Porsche 911 Turbo. After Burnett bumps him off the road, Fouchet crashes but manages to escape the wreckage. Attempting to run, Fouchet is shot in the leg by Lowrey. Fouchet, knowing he is beaten, tries to goad Lowrey into killing him, which he almost does as revenge for Max\'s murder, until Burnett prevents it. While on the ground Fouchet then pulls out a concealed weapon and aims at Burnett, but seeing the reflection on his partner\'s forehead, Lowrey spins and shoots Fouchet numerous times, killing him. Later, after Marcus and Mike profess their mutual platonic love for one another and their relief in surviving the gun fight, Marcus handcuffs Julie and Mike\'s hands together and hobbles away hoping for some much needed "quality time" with his wife. Julie and Mike wonder if he has the keys to the handcuffs.'] ['On April 10, 1993, Dante Hicks , 22, a retail clerk at a local Quick Stop Market convenience store in Leonardo, New Jersey, is called into work on his day off by his boss to cover a few hours for another employee who is sick. Arriving at the store, he finds that the locks to the security shutters are jammed closed with chewing gum, so he hangs a sheet over them with a message written in shoe polish: "I ASSURE YOU; WE\'RE OPEN." Dante\'s day is spent in the purgatory of serving a succession of customers while bemoaning the fact that he\'s "not even supposed to be here today." Interspersed with the demands of his job, Dante passes time in wide-ranging conversations with his friend, Randal Graves . Randal works at the neighboring video store, although he spends almost the entire day at the Quick Stop. They converse about many things to pass time, such as whether the contractors working on the second Death Star when it was destroyed at the end of Return of the Jedi were innocent victims or not. Dante\'s current girlfriend, Veronica Loughran , also stops in and the two talk about Dante\'s current disposition—in a rut with no motivation to change. Further contributing to Dante\'s misery is an announcement in the local newspaper that his unfaithful ex-girlfriend Caitlin Bree is engaged to be married. Learning that he is stuck working the store all day, Dante convinces his friends to play hockey on the store roof. The game is short. 12 minutes in, an irate customer shoots their only ball off the roof and into a sewer. Reopening the store, Dante finds out one of his ex-girlfriends has died and her memorial service is today. Randal talks him into closing the store again and going to the wake. The visit is disastrous, with Randal and Dante running out to escape in their car. The audience does not see what transpires during the memorial service. However, a later conversation between the two reveals that Randal accidentally knocked over the casket by leaning on it. That night Caitlin Bree  surprises Dante with a visit. After she assures Dante that the engagement announcement was premature and arranged by her mother, the two trade banter and Dante becomes torn between her and Veronica. He finally decides to take Caitlin on a date and slips home to change. He returns to discover that Caitlin had sex with a dead man in the unlit bathroom, having mistaken the man for Dante . An ambulance takes Caitlin away in shock along with the corpse. Jay and Silent Bob , a pair of stoners who have spent all day hanging out  outside the Quick Stop, enter the store to shoplift. Dante turns down Jay’s offer to party with them. Knowing Dante\'s predicament, Silent Bob pauses before following Jay outside and offers the following wisdom: "You know, there\'s a million fine-looking women in the world, dude. But they don\'t all bring you lasagna at work. Most of \'em just cheat on you." Dante then realizes that he loves Veronica. When she returns to the Quick Stop, though, Randal complicates things by revealing that Dante asked Caitlin out. Veronica angrily breaks up with Dante, telling him that Randal informed her of the planned date with Caitlin. When Randal enters the Quick Stop after closing the RST video, Dante loses his temper and fights with him. After the fight, they lie on the floor worn out. Dante claims that Randal does nothing for him but make his life miserable by getting him fined, offending his customers, and ruining his relationship. Randal explodes, saying that Dante deserves the blame: Dante, not Randal, closed the store to play hockey, closed it again to go to the wake, and closed it yet again to try to hook up with his ex-girlfriend, cheating on his current one in the process. He then says that Dante came to work of his own volition and overcompensates for having a monkey\'s job. He claims Dante thinks he is more advanced than the customers and Randal storms off with "if we\'re so fucking advanced, what are we doing working here?" leaving Dante speechless on the floor. They reconcile and Dante says he will try to talk to Veronica and visit Caitlin and possibly get some direction in his life. The film ends with Randal walking out of the store, popping back in briefly to toss Dante\'s sign at him stating, "You\'re closed!"Kevin Smith. Clerks and Chasing Amy : Two Screenplays. Miramax Books. 1997.'] ['In the town of Rio Bravo, Texas, sheriff\'s deputy Dude , who has acquired the contemptuous nickname "Borrachón", enters a saloon to get a drink. Joe Burdette , brother of rancher Nathan Burdette, tosses a silver dollar into a spittoon at Dude\'s feet. As Dude reaches for the spittoon, Presidio County, Texas Sheriff John T. Chance  appears and kicks the spittoon away, looking at Dude with pity. Dude whacks Chance with a piece of wood, knocking the sheriff out cold. With two men holding Dude upright, Joe begins punching him, then shoots and kills an unarmed bystander who tries to intervene.  Joe leaves the saloon and heads to his brother\'s saloon, where a bloody Chance arrests Joe for the murder of the bystander. When another patron draws his gun on Chance, causing a stalemate, Dude shoots the gun out of the patron\'s hand, Chance slugs Joe with his rifle, and the sheriff and his deputy drag Joe off to jail. While the funeral for the unarmed man is being held, Chance\'s friend Pat Wheeler  and his supply train stop in town, with a young gunslinger, Colorado Ryan , riding guard. Wheeler informs Chance that Nathan Burdette\'s men stopped him outside of the town, meaning that the town is "bottled up" to prevent Chance from getting Joe to Presidio or any assistance in. Inside the jail, Stumpy , Chance\'s other deputy, keeps watch over the jail and Joe. Chance takes a delivered package to the proprietor of the hotel, Carlos Robante (red lingerie for his wife, Consuela . A mysterious woman, Feathers , arrives for a night. She arrived on a stage coach whose wheel has broken , which delays its departure. Dude and Chance patrol the town, when Carlos stops the sheriff, saying Wheeler was talking too much about Chance needing help. Chance implores Wheeler to stop, as it will draw attention from the wrong people. Wheeler and Chance also discuss Dude; about three years earlier Dude was a top-notch gunman until he "met a girl on the stage" who was no good and they left together. Six months later Dude came back without her, drunk , but Dude has stopped drinking due to the crisis. Wheeler suggests that Colorado could be of assistance but Colorado politely declines, saying he wants to "mind his own business." Feathers leaves a poker game a winner, Chance follows her up to her room and confronts her as a card cheat, with his evidence four missing aces from the deck of cards being used in the game, and a handbill indicating she was wanted for card cheating. Feathers confesses she is the girl in the poster but denies cheating, and challenges Chance to search her for the missing cards. Colorado arrives saying another participant in the game is the real cheat and plans to confront him with Chance\'s acquiescence. Colorado is proven right, and the real card cheat is sent out on the next stage. Chance admits he was wrong but refuses to apologize. As Wheeler is walking back to the hotel, he is shot dead by a Burdette man hiding in the stable. Colorado offers to help but is angrily turned away by Chance who says "you had a chance to get in this and you didn\'t want it." Chance and Dude flush out the shooter, who escapes into Nathan\'s saloon. Dude believes the man had muddy boots, but everyone in the bar has clean boots. To suggest Dude is a drunk who needs a drink, one patron throws a silver dollar into a spittoon. Dude notices blood dripping into a drink on the bar and takes one shot into the loft, killing Wheeler\'s murderer. Dude then gets retribution on the patron who threw the dollar coin in the spittoon by making him go get it. Chance goes back to the hotel to sleep, and unbeknownst to him, Feathers stands guard at the door to keep him safe, then returns to her room when he awakens. Chance asks Feathers why she did that but she does not say. Chance insists that she should leave on the stage coach. Nathan ([[John Russell  later arrives in town with his men, intent on seeing his brother Joe. Dude is standing guard and confiscating all guns before entering town, and Nathan agrees to turn in their guns until they leave. Nathan sees Joe, and after a few angry words between the land baron and Chance, is told in no uncertain terms if he attempts to overrun the jail his brother would be "accidentally" shot before they reached him. Nathan then leaves to visit his saloon, instructing the band there to play the Deguello  non-stop. Carlos says Feathers will not get on the stage coach, and when Chance goes to see her she tells the sheriff that she does not want to leave, then gives Chance a kiss. After Colorado visits the jail to tell Chance the meaning of the song Nathan is playing, Chance gives Dude his guns back  as well as some clothes he left behind. Dude changes clothes and gets a shave, then returns to the jail while Chance and Feathers get better acquainted. Suddenly a shot rings out and Chance races to the jail, only to find Stumpy had shot at a shadow  in front of the jail. Dude and Stumpy exchange angry words, then Chance tells Dude they\'ve been "pampering him too much" and to get some sleep. The next morning, while Dude is standing guard at the town entryway, four Burdette men attack him from behind and tie him up in a stable. Approaching Chance on the street in front of the hotel with a fake injury, they draw guns and corner him , and demand that he release Joe. Inside the hotel, acting on Colorado\'s instructions, Feathers throws a flowerpot through a window a moment after Colorado steps out on the porch, distracting the Burdette men. Colorado throws Chance\'s rifle to him and the two men shoot the four Burdette hands. Chance races down the street, finds Dude tied up in the stable and frees him. Dude, frustrated by his performance and recovering from his extended drunkenness, resigns as deputy. Colorado agrees to join Chance as deputy and then Dude reconsiders quitting after hearing the Deguello song, reminding him why he was there. The group decides to hole up in the jail, as it will take several more days for the United States Marshal to arrive to take Joe to Presidio. Dude and Chance go to the hotel to round up additional supplies, but Carlos and Consuela are captured by Burdette men, and trick Chance into charging down the stairs, falling over a trip-wire. Dude and Feathers also are captured. Chance is given a choice--take the men to the jail to let Joe out, or the men will arrange a trade with Stumpy for Dude and Chance. Dude implores Chance to let Joe out, saying that Stumpy has no food or water to hold out very long. Chance agrees, and three men go to the jail. Dude\'s story was a ruse, as Colorado is with Stumpy and the three of them shoot the three Burdette men. The remaining Burdette men at the hotel take Dude and offer to trade him for Joe. Chance agrees, and the trade is made at a warehouse. But Dude bum-rushes Joe and they scuffle while a gunfight erupts. Dude knocks Joe out and Stumpy  finds some dynamite in one of Wheeler\'s wagons, and throws it at the building Burdette\'s men are in. The exploding dynamite in front of the building causes Burdette to surrender. With the Burdette men in jail, Chance goes to see Feathers who is wearing black tights to work at the hotel. Chance threatens to arrest Feathers, saying that only he should see her in those tights. Feathers takes this as an admission that Chance loves her, and they kiss.'] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ["Mrs.  Daisy Werthan , a 72-year-old wealthy Jewish widow, lives in Atlanta, Georgia, alone except for an African American housemaid named Idella . In 1948, after a driving mishap where her automobile is wrecked, Miss Daisy’s son, Boolie , tells her she will have to get a chauffeur because no insurance company will cover her. She refuses, but Boolie is determined to find her a driver. Meanwhile, she is stuck at home and unable to run errands. Boolie finds Hoke Colburn , who had chauffeured for a local judge until he died and decided to remain in the area rather than accompany the judge's widow when she moved away. Miss Daisy at first refuses to let Hoke drive her, going so far as to walk to the local Piggly Wiggly with Hoke following her by automobile, much to her chagrin. It is revealed that her reluctance to be driven around is because she is embarrassed that people might think she is either too elderly to drive, or so well off that she can pay for a driver. Out of necessity, Miss Daisy gradually starts to accept Hoke and the fact that she needs him to drive her around. She eventually comes to respect him. Later, Miss Daisy, a retired schoolteacher, finds out that Hoke is illiterate and teaches him how to read. Miss Daisy has Hoke drive her to her brother's 90th birthday party in Mobile, Alabama. During the trip, Hoke reveals that it is the first time he has left his home state of Georgia. Miss Daisy realizes that Hoke's race affects how others treat him in this society and she is further opened to the social aspects of discrimination. As Miss Daisy and Hoke spend time together, she gains appreciation for his many skills and the two become friends. The racism and prejudice that permeated American society during the time period in which the story takes place is explored in the film, especially when Hoke is questioned by a pair of Alabama highway patrolmen who make out-of-earshot racist comments about Miss Daisy being Jewish and Hoke being black. Idella, who had served Miss Daisy for many years and whom Miss Daisy was very close to emotionally, suddenly dies in 1963. Miss Daisy, Boolie, his wife Florine , and Hoke attend the funeral. Rather than hire a new maid, Miss Daisy takes it upon herself to care for her house and cook her meals. After her synagogue is bombed, Miss Daisy realizes that she is subject to many of the same prejudices as Hoke. But in the course of the movie, American society undergoes radical changes, and Miss Daisy soon attends a dinner at which Dr. Martin Luther King gives a speech. She initially invites Boolie to the dinner, but he declines, and suggests that Miss Daisy invite Hoke. However, Miss Daisy only asks him to be her guest during the car ride to the event and ends up attending the dinner alone, with Hoke insulted by the manner of the invitation, listening to the speech on the car radio outside. One morning in 1971, Hoke arrives at the house and finds Miss Daisy in a confused state, with signs of dementia. Hoke manages to calm her down and Miss Daisy confesses to Hoke that he is her best friend. After a discussion with Hoke, Boolie arranges for Miss Daisy to enter a retirement home since she is no longer able to live on her own. In 1973, the family home is sold, and Hoke, now 81, retires. Hoke is driven to Miss Daisy's house by his adult granddaughter where he meets Boolie. Boolie and Hoke meet at Miss Daisy's house one final time before the new owner takes possession, and then drive to the retirement home to visit Miss Daisy, who is now 97. Boolie leaves Hoke and Miss Daisy alone so they can spend time together. Hoke shows Miss Daisy her uneaten pumpkin pie. She has difficulty moving her fork and Hoke feeds her instead. As Hoke feeds Miss Daisy, he reminisces upon all the years he spent driving her, and the image of a car drives off into the distance."] ["A couple of 1930s Great Depression-era convicts, Ned and Jim, jailed on never-specified charges and abused by a ruthless warden, are dragged along when a vicious killer named Bobby escapes the electric chair. The two end up in a town near the Canadian border, where they are mistaken for a pair of priests expected at the local monastery. They want to flee but cannot, since misunderstandings and the warden's search party looking for Bobby make a trip across the bridge to Canada almost impossible. Ned and Jim continue to masquerade as priests, trusted and welcomed by Father Levesque. An opportunity presents itself in the form of a procession/pilgrimage to the church's sister church across the border. Each priest participating has to bring along someone who needs help, so they decide on the deaf-mute daughter of Molly, a local laundress and prostitute.Amazon.com Bobby is killed by police during the procession. Ned saves Molly's daughter from drowning, after this event she is able to speak. Jim is befriended by a young monk and decides to stay in the monastery to actually become a priest. Ned takes Molly and her daughter to Canada."] ['The film is told in flashback as Diane  explains to American Intelligence how transmissions from passengers picked up from a missile to the moon are by Americans rather than Russians. Harry and Chester are defrauding people in Calcutta by selling a "Do it yourself interplanetary flight kit" that injures Chester giving him amnesia. An Indian doctor  says the only way for Chester\'s amnesia to be cured is through help from monks in a lamasery in Tibet. At the airport Chester mistakenly picks up a suitcase featuring a marking designed to be a point of contact between agents of a SPECTRE type organisation called "The Third Echelon". Diane, a Third Echelon secret agent, is supposed to give plans of a Russian rocket fuel stolen by the Third Echelon to the man with the suitcase who is taking them to their headquarters in Hong Kong but she mistakenly thinks Chester is the contact and gives them to him. Arriving in Tibet, the two make their way to the lamasary in Lost Horizon fashion. In the lamasary not only do the lamas cure Chester, but they have a Tibetan tea leaf that gives super memory powers to those who consume it. Chester and Harry view the results with lamas memorising great works of Western literature in the manner of Fahrenheit 451; one giggling lama  memorising Lady Chatterly\'s Lover. The scheming Harry decides to steal a bottle to give Chester the power of photographic memory for lucrative nefarious purposes. Returning to Calcutta where they are followed by Diane, Harry has Chester test the results of the memory herb by memorising the rocket formula that Diane placed in Chester\'s coat. Not knowing what it is, Harry destroys it after Chester has successfully memorised it. Diane arrives too late, but after seeing the results of Chester\'s reciting the formula she offers them $25,000 to meet her in Hong Kong. At the airport on the way to Hong Kong an agent of the High Lama replaces the stolen Tibetan herbs with a similar bottle containing ordinary tea leaves. The Third Echelon is seeking the fuel for their own spacecraft with an underwater launching pad in Hong Kong. Their eventual goal is to be the first on the moon where they will establish a base to launch nuclear weapons against Earth to bring the survivors of a docile Earth under their control. With a Russian launch to the moon carrying two apes imminent, the Third Echelon, who were going to emulate the Soviet achievement, decides to gain respect at the United Nations by launching two human astronauts instead of the apes; Chester and Harry. The two are launched to the moon to test the capabilities of their spacecraft and the effects of spaceflight upon humans before beginning their scheme. The mission is successful with moonlight bringing back Chester\'s photographic memory. Diane decides to leave the Third Echelon when she discovers that once they have extracted the final formula from Chester they plan to dissect Chester and Harry to see the effects of space travel. Diane helps Chester and Harry escape where they are pursued through Hong Kong leading Diane to the authorities and Chester and Harry to meet Dorothy Lamour at a night club where they are recaptured by the Third Echelon. Hope, Crosby and Collins end up in a rocket bound for another planet. There they meet a new comedy team – "The Italians!" as Hope calls them, Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin.'] ["The three men -- Jack, Michael, and Peter -- are living with Mary, who is now five, and her mother Sylvia. The group is split up when Sylvia announces that she is getting married to an Englishman and that she and her future husband intend to move to England after the wedding, taking Mary with them. Peter and Michael  travel to the wedding, where Peter realizes that Sylvia's fiancé, Edward, intends to pack Mary off to a boarding school  as he has no real interest in her. Edward denies everything and Sylvia refuses to believe Peter, knowing he has disliked Edward from the beginning. An attraction between Peter and Sylvia is nevertheless growing, something he refuses to acknowledge. Peter breaks into Pileforth in an attempt to get proof of Edward's scheme to send Mary there. He is discovered by the headmistress, Miss Elspeth Lomax, who says she has been told by Edward that Peter is in love with her. She begins to take her clothes off and tries to have sex with him, but Peter manages to get away and later explains to her that Edward made up the fact that he had feelings for her, but apologizes for the misunderstanding. Peter, with help from Miss Lomax, heads off to stop the wedding. To cause a delay, Michael has kidnapped the vicar and Jack disguises himself as an elderly replacement vicar. Peter and Miss Lomax arrive at the church after numerous delays. He confronts Sylvia with the truth, Miss Lomax herself confirming that Edward has been lying. Sylvia confronts the groom and Edward admits the truth but it is too late -- they are already married. Or so it would seem.... until Jack reveals himself to everyone. Not only has Jack finally proved his acting skills, but the marriage is null and void. Sylvia declares her intention to go home, but Peter stops her and declares his love. The two marry with Mary as their bridesmaid."] ['Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main theme of Amici miei is friendship, seen from a rather bitter point of view. It tells the story of four middle-aged friends in Florence who organize together idle pranks  in a continuous attempt to prolong childhood during their adult life.  Count Mascetti  is an impoverished noble who has no means to support his family, but does not renounce high living pleasures anyway, and has an underage mistress, Titti . Perozzi  is an easy-living journalist harassed by the unceasing disapproval of his wife and his son. Melandri  is a communal architect whose main goal is to find the ideal woman. Necchi  is the owner of a café and pool hall where the friends usually plan their zingarate. During the movie they are joined by a renowned, military-like surgeon, Sassaroli , in whose clinic they recover after being hospitalized, injured after a mismanaged zingarata. Melandri falls in love with Sassaroli\'s wife, exclaiming "I\'ve seen the Madonna!", only to discover she has psychological problems. The plot is mostly composed of elaborate practical jokes organized by the friends, including the creation of a fake mafia mob in whose "criminal acts" they involve a pensioner, Righi , who used to snatch croissants from the cake tray in Necchi\'s café, and Mascetti\'s attempts to save his marriage despite his relationship with Titti. The film ends with Perozzi\'s death, which still does not deprive the friends of their desecrating hijinks, not even in face of their own mortality; perozzi himself makes a last joke to the priest. When Perozzi\'s wife, criticized by Melandri for her lack of tears, comments: "One can weep if somebody dies. But here nobody has died", Mascetti replies: "Well, in reality he had never been so much, but I liked him." During the funeral procession they "homage" their dead friend by telling the wide-eyed Righi that Perozzi was killed for being a traitor to the mafia.'] ['In 1930 Marseille two small-time crooks, Capella and Siffredi join forces when they meet brawling over a woman. Starting with fixed horse races and fights, they end up doing jobs for the local gangster bosses. When they decide to go into the business for themselves, their easy-going approach to crime starts to change. The first half of the film resembles more or less a comedy, while in the second one firearms are used. In the end Capella is killed and before his death pronounces the phrase: "La chance n\'existe pas !"  The film\'s story continues in the 1974 sequel Borsalino & Co.'] ['{{plot}} After the credits we see Sal and Chester Hooton,  an old married couple. They are visited by an equally old Duke Johnson  and the three reminisce about their previous adventure in the Klondike. The film flashes back to the turn of the century. A man is murdered and two thugs, McGurk  and Sperry , steal a map to a gold mine. The map and mine belonged to a man named Van Hoyden and the dying man tells Sal  the mine is in Alaska and to find a man named Ace Larson. Sal manages to get on the last boat to Alaska before McGurk and Sperry. To evade the police, the thugs duck into a theater, where Duke and Chester are performing vaudeville. They proceed to work the crowd with a "ghost scam" into "gambling" their money in hope of doubling it. As the police find the thugs, they escape onstage and reveal Chester hiding under the table with the crowd\'s money. Duke and Chester are forced to flee the angry mob. As Duke divides their money, Chester is fed up with having to jump from town to town. Duke convinces him to head north to Alaska to prospect for gold. Chester refuses on the grounds that every time Duke gets a "great idea", Chester is the one that gets the runaround. He even pulls out a black book with a list of every time Duke has taken advantage of him. Chester then takes all the money and tells Duke to go on without him. As McGurk and Sperry get on the boat bound for Alaska, Duke and Chester prepare to part ways. As they bid a solemn goodbye, and picking each others pocket, Duke steals the money. Chester waves goodbye until he sees Duke counting the money and changes boats at the last moment. He\'s about to throttle Duke when he realizes the boat has left the dock, for Alaska. In Duke\'s cabin, Chester takes the money back and goes to put it in a safe, which turns out to be a porthole. With no money to pay for passage, they are forced to scrub the deck and shovel coal. Sal arrives in Alaska and meets with Ace Larson , a saloon owner and friend of her father. Instead of going to the police, Larson assures Sal that he\'ll take care of things. He gives her a job performing in his saloon, an act which infuriates Larson\'s girlfriend, Kate . Larson tells Kate how he really plans to take Sal\'s gold mine for the two of them and passionately kisses her. While doing housekeeping duties in a cabin, Chester finds the map to the gold mine. As the thugs enter behind them, Duke and Chester realize they\'ve found the Van Hoyden map and the occupants are the killers. They overpower the thugs and take their place to get off the boat, only to find the entire town is terrified of the real thugs. Thinking they can get anything they want, Duke and Chester adopt the tough persona and head to the saloon. They argue over who gets to hold the map and decide to tear it in half and each man keep his for safe keeping. While enjoying "free" champagne and lots of dancing girls, they see Sal\'s singing routine and are both instantly smitten. Thinking they are McGurk and Sperry, Sal plays up to both of them and sends a note to Chester. She doubts they are the real killers, but Ace\'s lackey, Lebec, reminds her that the map is the most important thing and to get it at all costs. Chester  falls head over heels for Sal and confides in her about the map, even telling her how Duke hid his half in his hat. Sal sends him away but tells him to return at midnight. Meanwhile, Duke receives a note from Sal, and thinking he\'s McGurk, Sal plays up to him, allowing Lebec to take his hat and the map. She also sends him away telling him to return at midnight. Duke and Chester are at first shocked to be on a date with the same woman, but the night is cut short when the real McGurk and Sperry burst into the hotel. As they make a hasty exit, Sal learns she only gave half of the map to Ace. Duke and Chester manage to escape by dog sled. Meanwhile, Ace is furious to only have half a map, and sends Kate to the get the other half, with Lebec as a backup plan. Kate tries to pull the "stranded girl in the snow" routine to attract Duke and Chester, but is interrupted by Sal\'s arrival. The four of them head to a nearby cabin. Kate tells Sal that they need to get the other half or the men will be killed.  After a failed attempt to get the map, Sal gets "McGurk"  to reveal "Sperry"  has hidden his half in his undershirt. She plays to "McGurk" and tells him that "Sperry" wants to steal his half and they should run away together. Duke then reveals his true identity and says he\'ll take care of "Sperry" as Kate walks in. Sal, now realizes how much she loves Duke, refuses to go along with the plan. But Kate warns her that only Ace can keep them from being killed and the only way to get to him is to give up the map. Sal reluctantly agrees to steal the map while the men sleep, and the two girls leave the next morning with Lebec. Duke and Chester are confronted by the real McGurk and Sperry and they realize the girls had stolen the map. They still manage to escape and the after a merry chase through the mountains head back to town. Sal tells Ace she\'ll only give up the map if he refuses to kill Duke and Chester, but instead he forms a posse to dispose of them. Somehow they managed to steal the map back, rescue Sal, scare away the mob and get rid of McGurk and Sperry. They escape by dog sled with the mob after them but the sled overturns. The ice splits, leaving Sal and Chester on one side, and Duke on the side of the mob. He throws them map, wishes them well and turns to face the mob. The movie flashes back into the present with aged Duke telling Sal and Chester how he escaped the mob. He is then surprised to hear Chester and Sal have a son. They call for him, and ironically he bears a striking resemblance to Duke. Chester looks into the camera and says, "We adopted him."'] ["In Los Angeles, Billie York  is murdered by Mr. Jigsaw  because she possesses a microfilm with the recipe to turn cocaine into Wilderness Girls cookies and she won't hand it over to the ones that seek it. Her former partner, Wes Luger , takes the case in an attempt to avenge her death. As part of the terms for letting Luger taking the case, the psychotic burned-out narcotics agent, Jack Colt , is assigned to the case with Luger. Under the advice of their captain, they meet Dr. Harold Leacher  who informs Jack that the case has something to do with General Mortars under whom Jack had worked during his days in Vietnam. Following Leacher's advice they pursue the villains, however, before the villains are apprehended, Luger must journey into his past to realize the right thing to do. In the end, the Cookie Factory is destroyed in an explosion due to a cigarette and a gasoline spill."] ["Drug baron Peter Loomis  has his $400 million dollar drug fortune stolen in South America. Loomis sends Armor O'Malley , a ruthless killer to find his money. Cole Parker , a DEA Agent is on a South American mission of justice and revenge. He is sent to find his father's killer. Cole busts an eccentric smuggler, Dani Servigo  to help Cole to find the smuggler's brother's money that he has stolen from Loomis. But O'Malley wants to find the fortune for himself. In a Cat and Mouse game, Cole and Dani are forced to help each other to find the missing fortune while trying to avoid O'Malley and his men. Together, Servigo and Parker search for the boat."] ['As a young ne\'er-do-well named Lightfoot  steals a car, an assassin attempts to shoot a minister delivering a sermon at his pulpit. The preacher escapes on foot. Lightfoot, who happens to be driving by, inadvertently rescues him by running over his pursuer and giving the preacher a lift. Lightfoot eventually learns that the "minister" is really a notorious bank robber known as "The Thunderbolt"  for his use of a 20 millimeter cannon to break into a safe. Hiding out in the guise of a clergyman following the robbery of a Montana bank, Thunderbolt is the only member of his old gang who knows where the loot is hidden. After escaping another attempt on his life by two other men, Thunderbolt tells Lightfoot that the ones trying to kill him are members of his gang who mistakenly thought Thunderbolt had double-crossed them. He and Lightfoot journey to Warsaw, Montana to retrieve the money hidden in an old one-room schoolhouse. They discover the schoolhouse has been replaced by a brand-new school standing in its place. Thunderbolt and Lightfoot are abducted by the men who were shooting at them -- the vicious Red Leary  and the gentle Eddie Goody ([[Geoffrey Lewis  -- and driven to a remote location where Thunderbolt and Red fight each other, after which Thunderbolt explains how he never betrayed the gang. Lightfoot proposes another heist — robbing the same company as before — with a variation on the original plan, since Lightfoot inadvertently killed their electronics expert, Dunlap, in his rescue of the fleeing preacher. In the city where the bank is located, the men find jobs to raise money for needed equipment while they plan the heist. The robbery begins as Thunderbolt and Red gain access to the building. Lightfoot, dressed as a woman, distracts the Western Union office\'s security guard, deactivates the ensuing alarm, and is picked up by Goody. Using an anti-tank cannon to breach the vault\'s wall, as they did in the first heist, the gang escapes with the loot. They flee in the car, with Red and Goody in the trunk, to a nearby drive-in movie in progress. Upon seeing a shirt tail protruding from the car\'s trunk lid, the suspicious theater manager calls the police and a chase ensues. Goody is shot and Red throws him out of the trunk onto a dirt road, where he dies. Red then forces Thunderbolt and Lightfoot to stop the car. He pistol-whips them both, knocking them unconscious, and kicks Lightfoot violently in the head. Red takes off with the loot in the getaway car but is again pursued by police, who shoot Red several times, causing him to lose control of the car and crash through the window of a department store, where he is attacked and killed by the store\'s vicious watchdog. Escaping on foot, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot hitch a ride the next morning and are dropped off near Warsaw, Montana, where they stumble upon the one-room schoolhouse - now an historical monument on the side of a highway - moved there from its original location in Warsaw after the first heist. As the two men retrieve the stolen money, Lightfoot\'s behavior becomes erratic as a result of the beating. Thunderbolt buys a new Cadillac convertible with cash, something Lightfoot said he had always wanted to do, and picks up his waiting partner, who is gradually losing control of the left side of his body. As they drive away celebrating their success with cigars, Lightfoot, in obvious distress, tells Thunderbolt in a slurred voice how proud he is of their \'accomplishments\', and slumps over dead. Thunderbolt snaps Lightfoot\'s cigar in half, and with his dead partner beside him, he drives off down the highway into the distance.'] ["Buster McHenry works as an undercover agent for the local police. Currently he investigates on police corruption and is in big trouble. His task makes him break the law, he participates in a robbery. Things really screw up as not only two men are shot, but also an ancient indian spear is stolen and Buster is wounded. Hank Storm, a young indian, is now after the spear and Buster is after his criminal 'comrades'. Both of them are outsiders in their way, but now they have the same target. The film ends with Buster and Hank infiltrating and destroying Marino's hideout. They start killing many of Marino's men. Buster kills Marino by throwing the spear right into his chest when he was about to kill Hank. A month later, Hank gets a job as a tour guide in Texas, while Buster visits him and tells him he has his job back as a policeman. They shakes hands as both men realize they have better futures Buster drives off as Hank waves good-bye."] ['{{plot}} Julius and Vincent Benedict are fraternal twins; the results of a secret experiment carried out at a genetics laboratory to produce the perfect child, using sperm donated by six different fathers. The mother, Mary Ann Benedict, was told that Julius died at birth, and was not even aware that Vincent ever existed. Julius was informed that his mother died in childbirth. Vincent was raised in an orphanage, and learned from a letter in his file that his mother had abandoned him. Mary Ann had gone on to become a successful artist. While successful, the genetics program was considered a failure and shut down because of the conception of the twins, one inheriting the "desirable traits," and the other getting the "genetic trash." Vincent  was placed in an orphanage run by nuns in Los Angeles, California while Julius  was taken to an unnamed South Pacific island and raised by Professor Werner  like a modern Doc Savage to become highly intelligent, physically very strong and spiritually pure. He learned to speak twelve languages, and excelled in mathematics, history, science and literature. He was not told about his younger brother until his 35th birthday.Twins Script - Dialogue Transcript In Los Angeles, with no one but himself to rely on, Vincent escaped from the orphanage as soon as he was old enough and developed into a small-time criminal, involved in shady business deals and car theft and with a $20,000 debt to notorious loan sharks the Klane Brothers. He is also a womanizer and a smart aleck with a lust for money. Eventually, his debts catch up with him and he is arrested for unpaid parking fines. Julius is told about his unknown brother by Werner, and comes to Los Angeles to look for him. Highly intelligent, but extremely naïve about the real world his more worldly brother inhabits, he bails Vincent out of jail and pays to get Vincent\'s car out of impound, but is afterward snubbed by Vincent, who leaves him at the impound lot. Julius, however, tracks Vincent to his workplace, where he is being beaten by one of the Klane brothers, Morris, for the unpaid debt. Julius easily bests Morris and earns Vincent\'s respect and trust. He eventually meets Vincent\'s on-again-off-again girlfriend, Linda Mason. Knowing little about women, Julius doesn\'t understand the flirtatious advances of her blond sister Marnie , but eventually falls in love with her. Vincent soon reveals to Julius a document he stole from the orphanage when he ran away that proves that their mother is in fact still alive, yet Vincent, under the belief that his mother abandoned him at birth, shows no interest in tracking her down. Julius, however, finds their mother\'s address on the document and pays the place a visit. While their mother is not there, Julius meets one of his six fathers, who fills him in on the experiment and informs him of the other scientist, Mitchell Traven, who might know where their mother is. While driving a stolen Cadillac he plans to sell to his chop-shop contact, Vincent discovers via a cassette that in the trunk is a secret prototype fuel injector for jet, which is to be delivered to a rival industrialist in Houston, Texas in exchange for five million dollars. Posing as the contract delivery man, Mr. Webster, Vincent intends to use the money to pay what he owes to the Klane brothers. At Julius\' insistence, the two couples go on a cross-country journey to track Traven down. They eventually find Traven in Los Alamos, New Mexico, who tells them that their mother is living in an art colony near Santa Fe. On the way to the colony, they\'re found at a bar by the Klane brothers, with the intent of killing Vincent, but Julius and Vincent beat them back and fight them off for the last time. Reaching the colony, they\'re informed their mother died and leave. In reality, the woman who told them of the passing is in fact their mother, but she didn\'t believe the story, not knowing that she had given birth to twins, and fearing they were land speculators. Little does Vincent know is that Webster himself is tracking them. This man has already killed his contractors because they saw his face, in order to preserve his identity. At one point earlier on in the film, Webster breaks into Vincent\'s house to intercept him, crossing paths with the Klane brothers. In a skirmish, he shoots two of them in the legs but does not kill them. While Julius seems to accept their mother\'s death, Vincent becomes more bitter, taking it out on Linda and Julius. Vincent storms off, leaving Julius and the girls stranded in New Mexico, to deliver the engine to the industrialist, Beetroot McKinley. Linda informs Julius of the engine , and Julius embarks on another journey to track his brother down. Vincent eventually delivers the stolen property to Beetroot, but as Vincent is about to return home with the money, Beetroot and his assistant are shot and killed by Webster, who then turns his attention to Vincent just as Julius arrives. A cat-and-mouse chase ensues and Julius intercepts Webster as Vincent flees, but Vincent, feeling his brother\'s presence, reluctantly goes back and gives up the money to Webster. But as Webster prepares to kill them both for seeing his face, Julius stalls Webster long enough for Vincent to release a heavy chain onto Webster, killing him and burying him in a mountain of chains. Julius and Vincent make amends, and Vincent reluctantly agrees to return the money and the stolen engine to the authorities, but Vincent secretly skims off one million. Meanwhile, the twins\' publicity reaches the art colony, and their mother realizes that the two "comedians" who visited her were in fact her long-lost sons. She pays Traven a visit and punches him right in the nose for "stealing her family." Julius and Vincent marry the Masons, and use the $50,000 reward money to start up a legitimate consulting business, using Julius\' knowledge and Vincent\'s questionable business savvy. Mary Ann eventually tracks them down to their office and they share a tearful reunion. In the end, both brothers end up having pairs of twins with their respective wives, with their mother and Professor Werner completing the big, happy family.'] ['George Henderson  is returning home with his family from a camping trip when they hit something with the family station wagon. George investigates, and discovers to his horror and awe, that they ran over a "Big Foot". Deciding to take the creature home, George does so, strapping it to the roof of the car. Meanwhile, a mysterious hunter has been tracking the creature and discovers the Hendersons license plate, which fell off when they hit the creature. At home, curiosity gets the best of George, and he goes out to the garage to examine the creature. Much to his shock, the creature was not dead and has since disappeared. He hears noises from his kitchen and sees the creature, it has knocked over the fridge in its attempt to find food. After waking the whole house, the family realizes that the creature is friendly and kind. George has a change of heart, at first he wished to make money from the creature, but now decides to take him back to the wild. Naming the creature "Harry", George tries to lure him into the station wagon, but Harry realizes that the Hendersons mean him no harm and instead he disappears. Saddened, the family resume their normal lives, but as the sightings of Harry become more frequent and the media fervor heightens, George decides he needs to find Harry in order to keep him safe. George visits the "North American Museum of Anthropology" to speak with Dr. Wallace Wrightwood an expert on Big Foot, but is disheartened when he realizes its ramshackle state. Giving his number to the clerk inside the Museum , George resumes his search of Harry. The hunter from the woods is revealed to be Jacques LaFleur , once a legendary hunter, he became obsessed with big foot and has hunted for one ever since becoming a laughing stock. LaFleur tracks down the Hendersons, and begins to get closer to finding Harry. After a local sighting, George goes into the city and searches for Harry. As the police, local crazies caught up in "Big Foot Mania" and LaFleur get closer and closer to Harry, George find him and saves him while LaFleur is arrested. George calls Dr. Wallace Wrightwood from the museum and asks to have dinner to speak about big foot. At the Henderson house, George is met by the same museum clerk who is revealed to be Dr. Wrightwood himself, having also become a laughing stock. Dr. Wrightwood tried to tell George and the rest of the family to give up on "Big Foot" as it has destroyed his life and will do so to theirs. His faith is rejuvenated when he meets Harry, and instantly he agrees to take him to safety away from the city. By this time LaFleur has gotten out of jail and heads to the Henderson house. George and co escape the house with Dr. Wrightwood and his old truck. LaFleur gives chase when his truck is disabled, and eventually catches up with the Henderson family. Fleeing to the mountains of Washington state, George tried to make Harry leave, going so far to hit him. But LaFleur catches them and tried to hunt Harry. Through Georges faith and Harrys kindness, LaFleur changes his mind and decides that Harry deserves to live peacefully. As the family says goodbye, George tells him to be safe, to which Harry replies, "Okay," . As Harry leaves, several other Big Feet appear and also disappear in the wilderness with him, much to the amazement of the Hendersons.'] ['Charlie drifts through life as he and his friends enjoy a lifestyle of house parties, casual sex and drugs. However, after breaking into a house to rob it, they find a gun . During the robbery, three of the friends  accidentally awaken the owner, a hefty Jamaican man who promptly chases them into the street with a golf club. The trio escape, much to the amusement of Justin and Damien. However, despite Charlie promising to tell Justin everything, he decides to keep the gun a secret. Sometime later the story picks up Charlie and Justin as they walk through a disused car park. After looking in the window of a BMW it becomes clear that Julie, the girlfriend of Francis , another member of \'The Firm\', is having sex with "local nutter" Eddie , who is some 20 years older. By this time in the story it has become clear that Charlie is discontented with his lifestyle and would prefer to try to make something of his life, unlike Justin, who would clearly prefer things to remain the same. This point is highlighted when the two attend a party being thrown by Charlie\'s cousin Hector Moriati , with Charlie being offered a job as an estate agent. Hector eventually throws Justin out, and Hector in turn asks Charlie to stay . On the way back home from the estate, the pair begin to fight, Charlie clearly annoyed that Justin has ruined an opportunity for him to turn his life around. Charlie, as the narrator, informs the audience that from that point on \'Things could never be the same\'. The following day Fatty approaches Charlie in the street and the pair head off to a boxing gym where Francis announces his intention to propose to Julie. Charlie tells Francis about Julie\'s affair with Eddie. Francis, in a tearful rage, walks out of the room and goes on the hunt for Eddie, baseball bat in hand. When Francis eventually finds Eddie he smashes the window of his BMW, provoking Eddie to run him down. Charlie then arrives as Francis lies unconscious on the road. As Charlie waits in hospital he is visibly moved by an upset woman, presumably Francis\'s mother, and decides to take revenge on Eddie with the stolen pistol. After finding Eddie he loses his nerve, prompting Eddie to tell him to \'Fuck of out my house before you and I fall out\'. After leaving, Charlie eventually shows the gun to Justin, who becomes very attached to it and suggests that they should kill Eddie. Justin is later insulted by a child in the park and threatens him with the gun, going as far as pushing the barrel into the terrified boy\'s mouth. Disgusted, Charlie snatches the gun from Justin and tells him he no longer wishes to be associated with him. A distraught Justin tries to make amends but Charlie refuses, instead giving him the gun as a farewell gift. Instantly Justin runs off, pursued by Charlie who has realised that Justin intends to use the weapon. Charlie catches up to Justin but only watches as Justin shoots Eddie in the leg  and the pair make their way to the top of a high rise building. The police arrive and Justin tells Charlie to leave or risk being arrested. Charlie seemingly forgives Justin and the two hug. The final scene shows the pair going down different paths: Justin turning himself in to the police with a smile on his face and with a crowd cheering for him, and Charlie as he packs his bags and leaves. A child  asks Charlie where he\'s going as he leaves; he simply replies "Somewhere".'] ["Three men, previously unknown to each other, are arrested in New Orleans and placed in the same cell. Both Zack , a disc jockey, and Jack , a pimp, have been set up, neither having committed the crime for which they have been arrested. Their cellmate Bob , an Italian tourist who understands minimal English, was imprisoned for manslaughter. Zack and Jack soon come to blows and thereafter avoid speaking to each other. Bob has an irrepressible need for conversation. He hatches a plan to escape, and before long the three are on the run through the swamp surrounding the prison. Hopelessly lost and with a simmering hatred between Jack and Zack almost causing the party to split up, they are brought together by Bob's ability to provide food. The trio eventually chance across a house in the forest, the residence of Nicoletta . Bob and Nicoletta instantly fall in love, and Bob decides to stay with her in the forest. Zack and Jack go their separate ways—an unspoken, begrudging friendship hanging between them as they part."] ['On June 15, 1904, the ship General Slocum catches fire and sinks in New York\'s East River. Two boys, Blackie Gallagher  and Jim Wade , are rescued by priest Father Joe , but are orphaned by the disaster. They are taken in by another survivor, Poppa Rosen , who has lost his young son in the sinking. The boys live with Poppa Rosen for a short while; then Rosen, a Russian Jew, is trampled to death by a policeman\'s horse after he heckles Leon Trotsky at a Communist rally and a melee breaks out. The boys remain close friends, though their lives diverge. Studious from the very beginning, Jim  gets his law degree and eventually becomes the assistant district attorney. Blackie is a cheerful, happy-go-lucky kid who loves to throw dice and trick other kids out of their money; he  becomes the owner of a fancy, if illegal, casino. Though his casino is regularly "raided", the cops have been paid off and business resumes immediately after they leave. Blackie\'s girlfriend Eleanor  loves him, but pleads with him in vain to marry her and give up his dangerous life. Jim is appointed district attorney. Blackie arranges to meet him for a celebration, but something comes up, and he sends Eleanor to keep Jim company at the Cotton Club until he can join them. Jim and Eleanor talk the night away. Afterward, she gives Blackie one last chance to marry her and settle down. When Blackie refuses, she leaves him. Months later, Blackie kills Manny Arnold  for not paying his gambling debts. Jim summons him to his office, where he tells him that he and Eleanor are going to get married. Blackie is sincerely happy for both of them. Jim also informs his friend that he is a suspect in the Arnold murder. However, there is no real evidence, so the crime goes unsolved. Though Jim invites him to be the best man at his wedding, Blackie discreetly turns him down. After returning from his honeymoon, Jim runs for governor of New York. Snow , who had had been his chief assistant until Jim fired him for corruption, threatens to tell reporters that Jim covered up for Blackie in the Arnold case. Though untrue, this would lose Jim a close race for the governorship. By chance, Blackie and Eleanor meet at the horse track. Eleanor tells Blackie about Snow. Blackie murders Snow in a washroom of Madison Square Garden during a hockey game. A beggar who pretends to be blind sees him leave the scene of the crime. Jim has no choice but to prosecute Blackie. Blackie is convicted and sentenced to death. Jim wins the election, partly because the public knows that Jim is so honest he prosecuted his childhood friend. Eleanor tries to get him to commute the sentence to life imprisonment, revealing Blackie\'s selfless motive for killing Snow, but that only makes things worse. When Jim remains steadfast, Eleanor leaves him. At the last moment, Jim hurries to Sing Sing Prison and meets Blackie, together with Father Joe, who is now the prison\'s chaplain. Jim finally offers to commute the death sentence, but Blackie turns him down. Father Joe leads Blackie to the electric chair while saying last rites. A few days later Jim calls a special joint session of the New York Legislature. He reveals how the murder helped him win the election and how at the end he compromised his principles and was willing to commute his friend\'s sentence. He then tenders his resignation. When he leaves, Eleanor is waiting for him. She tells him that she was wrong about him, and they leave together to start a new life.'] ['When teenagers Josh  and Ling  join their respective parents, Chris  and Dr. Li  on an archaeological dig in China they encounter something trapped beneath a temple beyond their wildest imagination. A real live Chinese dragon. With the Dragon Pearl buried on the excavation site, Josh and Ling implore their parents for help, but met with disbelief the children realize they must ﬁnd the pearl on their own. However thereʼs one who does believe them: archaeologist Philip Dukas , who wants to seize the pearlʼs awesome power for his own sinister ambitions. The only way to stop him is for Josh and Ling to get to it ﬁrst and return it to its rightful owner.'] ["Angèle is a 40 year old beautician who works at the title establishment in Paris. She has been an orphan from the age of eight, her father having killed her mother for suspected infidelity, and then killed himself when her infidelity was proved untrue. She picks up men to have short sex flings, but no longer believes in love, having hurt her former boyfriend, Jacques, whom she occasionally contacts out of loneliness, but who is never available at the same time as her. An unkempt younger man, Antoine, sees her at a cafe as she is being dumped by her latest fling, and falls in love with her. He stands outside the beauty shop to watch for Angèle, follows her to a café and declares his love for her, but she for once is lost for words and does not immediately return his feelings. Antoine also reveals that despite his feelings for her, he is engaged, but feels he is drifting away from his fiancée. However, despite her refusal to believe in love, Angèle gradually falls for Antoine. Venus Beauty Institute is run by Nadine, and Angèle's co-workers include Samantha, who has a string of dates and gives Angèle their descriptions, and Marie, the youngest who is still learning the ropes. The co-workers' love lives contrast with Angèle's. Marie has as her client an aging pilot, who had been burnt and had his face reconstructed from his late wife's skin. The pilot wants Marie to come to his house, which she eventually does, watched by Angèle and Antoine. Angèle is concerned that Marie is too naïve and that the pilot invited her to his house to seduce her. As Marie and the pilot begin to make love, Angèle and Antoine start kissing. Christmas is approaching, and Angèle goes to her aunts in Poitiers. Antoine had revealed that he is a sculptor, and had been commissioned to do an altarpiece for the cathedral there. She goes the cathedral to see the artwork, but changes her mind when an old friend recognizes her. Returning to Paris, Angèle goes to the hospital to visit Samantha, who tried to commit suicide out of loneliness over Christmas. Samantha reveals that Nadine is starting a new store, and that she found a new girl to temporarily replace Samantha. However, the new girl, Evelyne, turns out to be a disaster, wanting to arrange the products by colour rather than function, and eventually quits. Meanwhile, Antoine's fiancée had followed him and seen him leave the store with Angèle. She goes to the store as a client, and confides to Angèle that her fiancé is seeing someone else, but she thinks he still loves her. Later, when Antoine takes Angèle shopping, Antoine's fiancée comes into the store; Angèle sees them together and thinks Antoine has betrayed her. She phones Antoine to tell her call their relationship off. To make amends, as Angèle is left to close the store on New Year's Eve, Antoine comes to the store with a present. It is a new dress. Antoine's fiancée sees this and comes into the store with a gun, but when she fires all she succeeds in hitting is the lights. As the sparks fly, Antoine and Angèle kiss each other."] ['The lifelong feud between Max  and John  has cooled; they continue to call each other "moron" and "putz", only now with affection. Their children, Melanie  and Jacob , have become engaged after a brief relationship. Meanwhile, John is enjoying his marriage to wife Ariel , which occurred at the end of the first film. The spring and summer fishing season is also in full swing in Wabasha, Minnesota, with the annual quest to catch "Catfish Hunter", the lake\'s largest catfish, consuming the fishing community. However, the local bait shop closed after the death of its proprietor Chuck in the first film. New arrival to Wabasha, Maria Ragetti , has purchased the building with the intent of converting it into a fancy Italian restaurant. Max and John join forces to try to sabotage the restaurant and succeed to a point, enough to make Ariel force John to go over to the restaurant and apologize to Maria for what he\'s done. Originally, John doesn\'t want to do it, and is encouraged by Max to tell Ariel so, which results in John moving in with Max as Ariel throws him out of the house. John eventually breaks down, and goes to apologize to Maria after realizing that Max lives a slovenly  lifestyle at his home. Things go awry, however, when John and Maria trade shots of grappa over the conversation. He tells her that he\'s happily married with Ariel for six months. Maria mentions that her marriage with Antonio ended badly before it began. Eventually, John drinks too much and passes out, waking up the next morning in the restaurant, leading Ariel and Max to believe that the two slept together. However, Maria\'s mother Francesca  stops the confrontation by revealing three things; the first is that she and John\'s father are in a relationship, Maria has no interest in John and is in fact infatuated with Max, to everyone\'s surprise. While out in his boat one day Max finds Maria on the lake fishing, and the shared interest helps to begin a romance between the two. However, Maria calls it off, thanks to Francesca reminding her of five failed marriages in the past, and Max is bewildered and disappointed. To complicate things further, Jacob and Melanie\'s wedding plans are causing the couple stress because of their fathers\' apparent inability to plan a proper wedding. After John decides to book "Handsome Hans", Wabasha\'s "polka king" for the wedding, Melanie finally snaps and she and Jacob get into a huge argument, which results in the wedding being called off and the two to live separately. Upon hearing the news, John and Max call off their truce and reignite their feud. Once again, Max and John resort to childish pranks to get back at each other, which include: Max broadcasting a video of John sitting still, naked, for a statue Ariel was making of him, Max disconnecting John\'s outboard motor, John cutting Max\'s fishing net and boat anchor line, and John\'s cat Slick spending the night inside Max\'s truck clawing the "authentic imitation leather" on the seats. This leads to the climax of the feud. Max adopts a one-eyed bulldog named Lucky, who chases Slick into John\'s house, messing up the house, and causing the statue of John to break. Seeing the destruction of the statue, Ariel moves out, telling John she isn\'t coming back until the two are done fighting. In addition, Max had another date scheduled for Maria, but her mother will not let her go because Maria has been heartbroken five times in her past marriages and she fears that Max will make it six. Maria does not show up for their date and Max tries in vain to get in contact with her. Saddened over Ariel leaving and moving in with Melanie, John goes to the lake to fish with his father  and get some advice of what to do about what had just happened. However, Grandpa has died on the couch he used to fish on. At his funeral, his ashes are scattered in the lake, in front of everyone. Max and John call off their feud again when they bond over John\'s father. The two also help Jacob and Melanie reunite after their brief estrangement and the wedding is apparently back on. Before leaving to reconcile with Ariel, John convinces Max to try again with Maria, telling him to "park that stupid pride of his" and tell her how he really feels. Max decides to visit Maria at Ragetti\'s. Max stops to see Maria, but her mother refuses to let him in. He doesn\'t give up and comes in anyway by telling Francesca that he refuses to leave until he sees her. Maria doesn\'t want to see him, but she eventually comes out. She comes clean by telling Max the truth on how many times she\'s actually been married. He was only aware of one marriage, to a man named Antonio and could be implied that John told him about it. Max decides then to explain to Maria he\'s not like the other 5 men she was with and that he knows how to treat a lady. In telling her how he truly feels, the two rekindle their romance. Much like the first film, a wedding is to take place at the end. On the way to the wedding, however, Max and John see a fellow fisherman named Sven, who has come in contact with Catfish Hunter and is staggering around bewildered after being unable to catch him. Max convinces John that they should take one more try at catching the fish, considering his boat is nearby. John agrees, and the two set out to catch Catfish Hunter in spite of all the damage John did to Max\'s boat earlier in the film. The two manage to reel in the large catfish and have him in the boat, but John says that they should throw him back. Max thinks he\'s nuts, but John reminds him that his father had been trying to catch Catfish Hunter for twenty years, and the two should be in the lake together. Therefore, Catfish Hunter is returned to the lake and the duo rushes to the church for the wedding, which turns out to be Max\'s wedding to Maria . Max and Maria are wed and drive away in the limousine to their reception to be held at Maria\'s restaurant, which will also serve as the town\'s bait shop again. As in the first film, a trick is played on the newlyweds in the limo on the way to the reception. Max and Maria were kissing and looked up to see Lucky looking back. They are startled at first, but realized that they\'re smelling Lucky. John had put the dog in the front seat to stink up the limo as revenge for the prank Max pulled on him with a dead fish.'] ['The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin and Marcus Copeland , posing as Afro-Cuban clerks, try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes. Unfortunately, the first arrival turns out to be a genuine ice cream delivery, and the actual drug dealers manage to get away. The situation is worsened by the fact that Kevin and Marcus have decided to resolve this bust by themselves. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon , gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses and socialites Brittany and Tiffany Wilson , who are arriving in town for the last social event of the summer in the Hamptons, from a kidnapping plot . When the Wilson sisters get minor facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. Kevin and Marcus then disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany\'s three best friends: soap heiress Karen ; diminutive Tori ; and insecure Lisa , and their rivals, the catty Vandergeld sisters Megan  and Heather . In addition, basketball player Latrell Spencer  takes an interest in Marcus/Tiffany, thinking that he is Tiffany, while Kevin shows interest in reporter Denise Porter . During a charity date auction being hosted by the Vandergelds, a date with Marcus/Tiffany is sold to Latrell for $50,000. The next day, Brittany, Tiffany, Karen, Tori and Lisa go to the beach where Latrell appears at the beach to flirt with Marcus/Tiffany, and Kevin/Brittany takes advantage of the situation and goes to Latrell\'s beach room to change into Latrell\'s clothes and pretends to be Latrell  and asks Denise out because Denise has a history of dating rich men. When Marcus/Tiffany goes on his charity auction date with Latrell, Kevin steals the keys to Latrell\'s car and house and takes Denise to Latrell\'s house where he ends up getting mauled by Latrell\'s dog. Marcus/Tiffany and Latrell end up at a club and meet up with the rest of the girls and Kevin/Brittany who end up in a dance off with the Vandergeld sisters. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany win the dance off by break-dancing. However, Karen, who has been seeing Heather\'s boyfriend Heath, an unemployed, poor actor, behind her back but is constantly mistreated by him, drinks heavily and runs to the bathroom with Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany to throw up and lets it slip that Mr. Vandergeld is broke and has had to borrow money from Karen\'s own father. The next day, the real Brittany and Tiffany see their faces on Page Six of the New York Post and think they have been cloned. They go to the Hamptons where their "clones" were seen, and two FBI agents, Agents Harper and Gomez, believing that they are Kevin and Marcus, strip them. This leads to the chief finding out that Marcus and Kevin have been impersonating Brittany and Tiffany and fires them. Later on, Kevin and Marcus figure out that Mr. Vandergeld, along with Heath, has been behind The Socialite kidnappings. Kevin and Marcus decide that even though they are fired, they are going to the fashion show. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany arrive at the fashion show and are informed that they will be walking the catwalk. Also, the real Tiffany and Brittany arrive and hear the same news. Right before taking the runway, Heath tells Karen that he admired her at the dance club and tells her that Heather is leaving that night and Karen should come over for a booty call. Karen tells him that she is better than a booty call and is not his doormat. Heath then says that she should not think herself that special. Marcus/Tiffany than hits Heath in the face, where Heath tells Marcus/Tiffany that she will regret that. During the fashion show, chaos ensues when Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany have been tricked by Megan and Heather to wear Björk-like swan dresses on the runway fashion show. Heather and Megan fall from the rafters and the red paint they were going to use to spill on Tiffany and Brittany falls on them instead. Then the real Brittany and Tiffany come out on the runway. Mr. Vandergeld instructs Heath to turn off the lights and kidnap the Wilson sisters, so Heath comes to the stage under a large Chinese dragon costume and kidnaps Marcus/Tiffany and Brittany. Kevin/Brittany sees Marcus/Tiffany\'s shoes under the dragon, runs after it and tackles the entire costume, which releases the captives. Heath is with Marcus/Tiffany and tells him that he said he would get her back and hits on her. Marcus/Tiffany responds back and knocks him out cold. Meanwhile, Mr. Vandergeld takes the real Tiffany and Brittany and tries to run off with them. He is caught up to and confronted whereupon he admits he is bankrupt and has been funneling money from the charity because he is "MC Hammer broke". Denise and her cameraman have been filming the entire time and Mr. Vandergeld shoots at her, but Kevin/Brittany jumps in between and pushes Denise to the ground and out of the way. Mr. Vandergeld then shoots at Marcus/Tiffany, but Latrell jumps in front of the bullet and takes the hit, and is shocked and enraged to discover that Marcus/Tiffany, after unmasking himself, is black . Kevin/Brittany also unmasks himself after Marcus\' wife, Gina, attacks him because she believed that Kevin/Brittany was having an affair with Marcus. The chief then appears to tell Marcus, Kevin and Agents Gomez and Harper that they all disobeyed him, but they did the right thing and the chief expects them all back at the office the next morning. Marcus apologizes to Gina after realizing that being a female is a hard task and because he had been ignoring Gina for his job. Kevin asks Denise out and she replies that she would of course date the man willing to take a bullet for her. The movie ends with Tori, Lisa, Karen, Kevin and Marcus making a pact to stay together and go shopping.'] ['Somewhere on the Mexican Riviera, a beautiful, rich heiress  has gone missing after a purse snatching results in her hitting her head and getting amnesia. Only one man can find her. Unfortunately, they sent two. One is a detective  searching for the missing heiress. The other is an accident waiting to happen. The daughter of a wealthy businessman has disappeared in Mexico, and all the efforts to find her have been unsuccessful. A psychologist , knowing that the girl has ultra bad luck, persuades her father  to send to Mexico one of his employees , an accountant with super bad luck, to find her. Perhaps he will be lucky, and his bad luck could help to find the unlucky girl.'] ['James "Jimmy" Monroe and Paul Hodges  are cops working for the NYPD who celebrated their ninth year together as partners. After failing to capture suspect Juan Diaz  and for causing a disastrous neighborhood shootout and beating up a child, Jimmy and Paul are suspended without pay. Jimmy\'s daughter Ava  is getting married, and the price for the wedding is close to fifty thousand dollars. Though his ex-wife Pam\'s second husband Roy ([[Jason Lee  offers to pay for the wedding, Jimmy is determined to find a way to come up with the money so that Roy will not humiliate him. Paul is worried that his wife Debbie  is cheating on him, so he sets up a secret video camera in a teddy bear. While Jimmy is selling a 1952 Andy Pafko baseball card to pay for the wedding, he is robbed by Dave , who steals his card and Paul\'s favorite gun. They find out that Dave is going to rob a house that night so they stake out the house to retrieve the card and gun. Jimmy and Paul arrest Dave and discover he has sold the card and gun for drugs. Jimmy and Paul go to the dealer, Poh Boy ([[Guillermo Díaz , who tells them they may have the card if they retrieve a stolen car. When they find the car, they discover a distressed woman named Gabriela  in the trunk. Gabriela reveals that she is the mistress of a murdered drug lord who was kidnapped by Poh Boy\'s gang. Jimmy previews the tape from Paul\'s hidden camera and finds what looks to be Debbie and another man, but tells Paul there is nothing on it. Paul then sees the tape from his hidden camera and is heartbroken when he sees that Jimmy has lied: Debbie is with another man in their bedroom. Gabriela does not want to get Jimmy and Paul hurt, so she flees, leaving them a flashdrive concealed in a cross, which contains information about dealer\'s contact numbers. Jimmy and Paul pay Dave\'s bail so that he may retrieve the card and gun but he falls out of a tree and dies. Jimmy goes in to retrieve the card, but is surrounded by the gang. At the same time, Paul learns that Debbie is not cheating on him after all: she has played a trick on him for hiding the camera in their bedroom. After killing most of the gang, Jimmy and Paul find Poh Boy holding Gabriela at gunpoint. They shoot him dead, but Paul\'s bullet goes through the head of the baseball player on Jimmy\'s card, which is hidden in Poh Boy\'s shirt pocket. Pleased with the duo\'s investigation and assisting two colleagues  who were caught in the shootout, the precinct chief  restores Jimmy and Paul to active duty and gives them commendations. Dejected at the destruction of his prized card, Jimmy lets Roy pay for the wedding. Pam asks a favor of Jimmy that he and Roy give away Ava together. Jimmy says nothing about it. Paul discreetly points his pistol at Roy and orders him to sit down at the moment the priest calls out the father who would give away Ava. During the closing credits, bonus scenes finds Dave did not die in the fall when he pulls a prank on the coroner opening the body bag by doing one of his knock-knock jokes resulting in her fleeing in horror while Dave exits the body bag in laughter.'] ['Devon Butler  is an eight-year-old in Tampa who dreams of being a cop. He watches police TV shows, knows police procedures and plays cops and burglars with his friend Ray. One day, while snooping around in a warehouse, he witnesses a murder. He goes to the police, who want the information, but refuses to give it unless they make Devon a cop. The police then team him with veteran cop  Nick McKenna , and the two team up in a comic series of events to find the killer. The two eventually come to a mutual understanding in order to bring the killer to justice.'] ['Irish brothers Connor and Murphy McManus attend Mass at a Catholic Church, where the priest mentions the fate of Kitty Genovese. Later, while celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day with friends, the two get into a bar brawl with three Russian mobsters who want to close the pub and take over the land it is built on. The two brothers try to reason with the mobsters, but the latter respond with violence. The next morning, two of the Russians seek revenge on Connor and Murphy, who kill the mobsters in an act of self-defense. FBI Special Agent Paul Smecker is assigned to the case, and finds that the Police and local news reporters see them as heroes. During an interview with Smecker, they reveal that their mother insisted they be fluent in several languages , something they demonstrate as an explanation of how they communicated with the mobsters. Connor and Murphy retell their incident to Smecker and to avoid attention from the media Smecker allows the brothers to spend the night in a holding cell, where they receive what appears to be a "calling" from God telling them to hunt down wicked men so that the innocent will flourish. Connor and Murphy resolve to rid Boston of evil men, with their friend and former mob errand boy Rocco eventually joining them to help. Connor learns of a meeting of Russian syndicate bosses at a hotel from a pager taken from one of the dead Russian mobsters. Having equipped themselves with weaponry from a local underground gun dealer, the brothers quickly kill eight of the nine bosses and underbosses, and they save the leader, Yuri Petrov. The brothers recite their family prayer and kill Petrov with two gunshots to the back of the head—the bullets cross and go out his eye sockets. They place coins on the eyes of all nine bodies, as if to pay the toll to cross the River Styx. During the investigation, Smecker believes that the killings of the Russian mobsters are the result of the beginning of a mob war. The next day, Rocco learns that he was set up and sold out by his boss, Giuseppe "Papa Joe" Yakavetta, as he confirms that Papa Joe attempted to send Rocco to the hotel to solely confront the Russian mobsters at the hotel with only a revolver . Rocco kills three of the mob members who were in on the setup, and decides to officially join the McManus brothers in their mission. That night, the McManus brothers and Rocco hunt down an underboss of the Yakavetta crime family, Vincenzo Lapazzi, at a live peep show and kill him. A few other criminals are killed as well. These incidents lead Smecker to dismiss the gang war theory he earlier brought up. In response to the growing threat from the three vigilantes, Papa Joe contracts the feared hitman, Il Duce  to deal with them. After killing a criminal that Rocco had a personal hatred for at the former\'s house, the three men are ambushed by Il Duce as they are exiting the house. Although they manage to chase Il Duce away, the three men suffer from wounds, the most serious being the loss of Rocco\'s finger. Rather than risk going to a hospital and having to explain the bullet wounds, the three cauterize the wounds with an iron. Hours later as the Police conduct an investigation on the spot of where the firefight took place, the investigation seems futile since the brothers covered their tracks by spraying any blood left behind with ammonia. However, during his frustrated rant, Smecker happens upon the part of the finger lost by Rocco. Smecker decides to do an independent investigation to see who was behind the gun battle and is able to track the evidence down to Rocco and his two allies. This leaves Smecker in a difficult scenario, and struggles with the choice of whether to prosecute the three men, or join them in their cause, as Smecker had become sympathetic towards the brothers\' actions. After getting severely drunk at a gay bar and insulting several people, Smecker wanders into a Catholic church confessional. Smecker decides to help the three men, all of whom are listening in on his conversation with the reluctant priest. He later questions the retired mob boss who had helped Papa Joe recruit "Il Duce" and finds out that the brothers are walking into a trap. Later, the brothers and Rocco infiltrate the Yakavetta headquarters to finish off the family, followed by Smecker who dresses in drag to gain admittance. The brothers are captured, and Rocco is shot and killed by Papa Joe. Meanwhile, Smecker kills two men before being knocked unconscious by Il Duce, in accordance with one of his two rules: no women, no children. As Papa Joe leaves his house, the brothers manage to escape and subdue their captors. As the brothers say their family prayer over Rocco, Il Duce enters the room and is prepared to open fire. However, it is revealed that Il Duce is the brothers\' father, Noah. He finishes the prayer and decides to join his two sons in their mission to destroy all evil. Three months later, Papa Joe is sent to trial. However, the reporters on-scene anticipate his acquittal. The brothers and Noah, aided by Agent Smecker and three detectives, infiltrate the trial, after sliding their weapons over the metal detector, unmasked, and make a speech stating that they intend to eradicate evil wherever they find it before the three men recite their family prayer and kill Papa Joe in front of the audience. The media dubs the three as "the Saints", and the movie ends with various candid interviews with the public, reflecting on the question "Are the Saints ultimately good...or evil?"'] ['In the tranquil town of Timberline, 900-pound  grizzly bear Boog enjoys a captive, but happy existence and spends his day as the star attraction of the town\'s nature show with nights living the life of luxury in the garage of park ranger Beth, who raised him since he was a cub. One day, the hunting fanatic Shaw drives into town with the one-antlered mule deer Elliot strapped to the hood of his truck. Boog wakes and frees Elliot at the last minute and against his better judgment, before Shaw can go after him. Boog never expects to see his "buddy" again. Elliot follows Boog home and finds him sleeping in the garage and starts to throw rabbits at the window. He tells him to be "free" from his garage captivity. Elliot introduces Boog to a world of sweet temptations outside of the garage that he has unknown. When Boog becomes intoxicated with sugar, events quickly spiral out of control as the two ransack the town\'s grocery store. Elliot escapes before Boog is caught by a friend of Beth, police officer Gordy. At the nature show, Elliot who is being chased by Shaw, meets Boog who attacks him, causing the whole audience in the show to panic before Boog threatens to kill Elliot. Shaw prepares to shoot Boog but Gordy stops him and Beth shoots him and Elliot with a tranquilizer gun. Shaw flees before Gordy can arrest him for shooting a gun in the town. The two trouble-makers are released into the Timberline National Forest, only three days before open season starts. However, they are set over the falls, where they will be safe. Since he lacks any outdoor skills, Boog takes Elliot as his hapless guide to get him back home to Timberline to reunite with Beth. But in the woods, they quickly learn that it is every animal for itself. The two run into their share of the forest animals including skunks Maria and Rosie, ducks Serge and Deni, panic-stricken rabbits, the Scottish-accented squirrel, McSquizzy and his rogue gang, Reilly and his beaver construction worker team, a porcupine named Buddy who is in search of a friend and the herd of deers led by Ian and Giselle  With each adverse encounter, Boog learns a little about self-reliance and Elliot gains self-respect and they start to become friends. Day by day Elliot still attempts to lead Boog out of the forest, but it becomes evident that he has no clue where they are going. After winding up at Reilly\'s dam, Boog and Elliot are confronted by Shaw, they ended up in a waterfall with the flood washes everyone in the forest before the water recedes. At first everyone blames Boog who accuses Elliot of lying to him about leading him home. Elliot admits he thought that if Boog spent time with him, he would befriend him. Boog leaves to unwittingly find Shaw\'s log cabin. Shaw discovers him and pursues him to the city road where Boog happens upon the glowing lights of Timberline. Instead of deserting his companions, Boog helps the other animals defend themselves using supplies taken from Bob and Bobbie\'s  RV while their pet dachshund Mr. Weenie joins the wilds. The next day, Boog leads a rampage against the hunters, sending them running after McSquizzy blows up their trucks. Shaw returns for a final battle and shoots Elliot which enrages Boog to tie up Shaw with his own gun. Boog finds that Elliot survived the shot, only losing his second antler in the fight. Beth returns to take Boog back home where he will be safe, but instead he stays with his friends. They both realize that the bear is at home in the forest.'] ['The film begins as Ray Tango drives a late-model Cadillac convertible in pursuit of a tanker truck. He cleverly stops the truck but the LA County authorities find only gasoline in the tank. Tango shoots the tank and cocaine pours out of the bullet hole. Meanwhile, Gabriel Cash arrives at his apartment driving an old Corvette. He is shot by an intruder, but is protected by a bullet-proof vest and captures the shooter in a parking garage after a car chase. At the police station, Cash forces the shooter to tell him about a deal scheduled to take place that night. However, the "deal" is really a plan by Yves Perret to frame Tango and Cash for murder. Tango and Cash separately go to an empty building, preceded by a man named Requin, Perret\'s lead henchman. After surprising each other, the two detectives find a dead man with audio equipment hidden under his clothing and a team of FBI agents swarms in. Agent Wyler finds Cash\'s pistol on the floor and arrests both Cash and Tango. At their murder trial, the detectives are incriminated by an audio tape, secretly given to Wyler by Requin and verified in court by an audio expert, which appears to reveal them shooting the FBI agent after discussing a drug purchase. They plead no contest to a lesser charge in exchange for reduced sentences in a minimum-security prison, but are transported to a maximum-security prison to be housed with many of the criminals they arrested in the past. Once in prison, Tango and Cash are rousted from their bunks and tortured by Requin and a gang of prisoners until Matt Sokowski, the assistant warden and Cash\'s former commanding officer, rescues them. Sokowski recommends that they escape and provides them with a plan, but Tango refuses to go along with it. When Cash tries to escape, he finds Sokowski murdered and is attacked by prisoners. Tango rescues him and the two of them escape. Once outside the prison walls, Tango tells Cash if he needs to contact him, to go to a dance club called Cleopatra\'s and ask for a woman named Katherine. They then go separate ways. The detectives then visit the witnesses who framed them in court. Wyler admits to Tango that Requin was in charge of the setup, and Cash discovers that the audio expert made the incriminating tape himself. Cash finds Katherine at Cleopatra\'s. Katherine helps Cash escape the night club as police move in on him. Later that night, Cash learns that Katherine is Tango\'s sister. As Tango arrives and finds them in a compromising position . Tango and Cash are met at Katherine\'s house by Tango\'s commanding officer, Schroeder, who gives them Requin\'s address and tells them they have 24 hours to find out who Requin works for. Tango and Cash apprehend Requin and trick him into telling them Perret\'s name. Armed with a high-tech assault vehicle, loaned to them by Cash\'s weapons expert friend Owen, they drive to Perret\'s headquarters, crash through the outer fence, destroy a fleet of armed trucks, hijack two heavy vehicles, crash into the main building and kill several guards. At this point, Perret, who has kidnapped Katherine, starts a timer that will trigger the building\'s automatic self-destruct procedure. After killing Perret\'s core security personnel, Tango and Cash are confronted by Requin, who is holding Katherine at knifepoint but throws her aside to fight the detectives hand-to-hand with the help of another henchman. The detectives defeat the two henchmen and when Perret appears, holding a gun to Katherine\'s head, they kill him and leave with Katherine just before the building explodes. Afterward, they joke half-seriously about Cash\'s desire to date Katherine. The film ends with a newspaper headline celebrating their vindication.'] ['The film opens in the trenches of World War I where Ollie, Stan and the rest of their army company are ready to go \'over the top\', but Stan is ordered to stay behind to guard the trench. Stock scenes of fighting are then seen followed by the caption \'Armistice\'. Twenty years pass, and Stan is still guarding the post, as shown by the huge pile of bean cans he has accumulated, and the path he has worn pacing back and forth on guard. He is found by accident  and is brought home, feted as a hero. Ollie, who has been married for a year to the formidable Mrs Hardy , sees him in a newspaper and visits him in the veterans\' home. He finds Stan in a wheelchair, having apparently lost a leg, and invites him home. However, Stan is in fact just resting in another veteran\'s wheelchair and Ollie only finds out he still has both legs after pushing him around in the chair and then carrying him. Ollie, angrily: "Why didn\'t you tell me you had two legs?" Stan: "Well, you didn\'t ask me." They reach Ollie\'s automobile, which he says belongs to his wife and is \'practically new\', but it is boxed in by a dump truck. Stan climbs into the cab to move it and inadvertently operates the dump mechanism, burying the car in sand and leaving only Ollie\'s head exposed. It is then completely wrecked when Ollie demonstrates the automatic garage door at his home and allows Stan to drive the car in to test it. There is then a lengthy scene of the pair attempting to climb thirteen flights of stairs to Ollie\'s apartment because they think the elevator is out of order. They are resting near the top when a top hat-wearing man with a cane  insults Ollie, leading him to challenge him to a fight outside. They return down the stairs, picking up spectators along the way. After settling the disagreement, the pair finally reach the top of the stairs, where they run into a brattish kid  with a football. Ollie kicks his ball down the stairwell, where it hits the face of a man speaking on a telephone at reception. The kid\'s burly father emerges and orders Ollie back down the stairs to fetch it. After a \'tit-for-tat\' fight with the father, the ball is kicked down the stairwell again and hits the man in the face a second time. When they finally reach the apartment, Ollie\'s wife wants Stan to leave immediately, as she is disgusted with the bums he brings home. When food is demanded she walks out, leaving Ollie to prepare a meal for Stan, but the pair only succeed in blowing up the kitchen. Across the hall, Ollie\'s attractive neighbour, Mrs Gilbert , offers to help clear up the mess. She is then soaked by a bowl of punch and the only dry clothing Ollie can find is a pair of his enormous pajamas. Mrs Hardy then returns, because her car is wrecked, and Ollie tries to conceal Mrs Gilbert by covering her with a cloth to make her resemble a chair. After Stan unwittingly sits on her, Ollie hides her inside a trunk. Big-game hunter Mr Gilbert  then arrives and the wife reveals herself after he boasts about his extra-marital conquests. He then chases Stan and Ollie back down the stairs, blasting at them with a shotgun, missing the duo, but hitting everything else!'] ["Eddie Miller  is a traveling salesman, servicing towns in Pennsylvania. He sells diamonds and jewelry to 'Mom & Pop' one of a kind stores. In the business for thirty years, he is weary of the grind after recovering from a heart attack, the recent death of his wife, and the corporate take-over that he senses will eliminate his employment. He is a 'liability', a dinosaur. A last task: train his replacement, Bobby Walker . This is a 'road' film, 'buddy' film, and 'coming-of-age' film as the plot unfolds. Eddie eases up on the brash, uncouth Bobby, and they eventually develop a mutual respect; learning from each other. Tina , a Madam with a heart of gold, and Katie  as a reluctant prostitute complete the unique cast of characters."] ['Darly Peters  is a brassy waitress and former stripper who used to use the stage name Pillow Talk. Darly is on her way to Alaska to claim a home being built for her and return to the family she abandoned eighteen years earlier. She meets Marianne Johnson , a quiet waif who just walked out on her abusive husband. Darly allows Marianne to tag along as they journey across country to Alaska. Along the way, they meet a collection of colorful characters, including a strange-talking waitress named 66 , and Walt , a road guy who recognizes Darly as the former Pillow Talk and wants to pay her big money for sex. The women finally make it to Alaska, where Darly finds that the house she was expecting to find has never been built. The two set up in a house trailer and, with the Alaskan wilderness as a backdrop, they begin to reevaluate their lives.'] ["Lawrence Bourne III  is a spoiled rich kid with a large gambling debt in the 1960s. After his father, Lawrence Bourne Jr. , refuses to pay his son's debt, Lawrence escapes his angry debtors by trading places with his college roommate Kent  and jumping on a Peace Corps flight to Southeast Asia. There he is assigned to build a bridge for the local villagers with Washington State University graduate Tom Tuttle  and the beautiful, down-to earth Beth Wexler . What they do not realize is that the bridge is coveted by the United States Army, a local communist force, and the powerful drug lord Chung Mee ."] ['Phil Deedle  and Stew Deedle  are two fraternal twin brothers who are complete surf bums living in Hawaii off of their wealthy father. After the two decide to skip out on school to go on a special surfing expedition with friends for their birthday, the twins are expelled from their high school for truancy. Their father Elton Deedle  has become tired of their insolence and lazy lifestyle and thus decides to ship them to a boot camp to straighten them out. The boys are horrified that they’re going to have to fly state-side in order for this to happen, as the camp is located in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The boys arrive in Wyoming ill prepared for the far-cooler weather, disembarking from their plane dressed in shorts, flip-flops and hula shirts. They attract the attention of a small crowd when they summon a remote controlled crate containing a mini-bar that they use to create hula drinks. Afterwards they leave the terminal, noticing a gruff looking mountain man whom they make fun of, to their shock the man reveals a sign with their last names written on it, indicating he’s their ride. Major Flowers  is already disgusted with their behavior, on the drive back to Yellowstone from the airport, Flowers reveals that his once successful camp was shut down by the children’s parents and their lawyers but the camp wasn’t necessary anymore because he intended for the Deedles to undergo survival training. Flowers becomes distracted in describing his plan and fails to pay attention to the road, eventually driving over the edge of a hillside and crashing into a river. Thinking he had killed the Deedles, he runs off thinking he’ll hide from the authorities. The Deedles awaken from their crash and find some women’s clothing that had caught onto Flower’s truck before it crashed, since it was their only option for dry clothes they opted to wear them. After, they begin to hike towards the parks main entrance, they find some of their gear and decide to land-luge down a long hill with their hula crate remotely in tow. They bypass a long line of traffic awaiting entry into Yellowstone but unable to slow down or gain enough control of their boards they crash into the park’s sign and are then collided into by the hula machine—cracking their helmets off. When the Park Rangers arrived, the only identity the boys had on them were the names “Mel” written on Phil’s sweatshirt tag and “Mo” written on Stew’s. After the incident the boys are carted off to the Ranger medical center and nursed back to health and decide to assume the false identities as it appears to be a one-way ticket to success and approval of their father. The boys find it difficult to live in their new identities, as the park rangers have already learned that the “real” Mel and Mo are vegetarians, thus the boys are forced to become such as well in order to maintain their cover. Because of their dimwitted surfer nature, the boys do not click well with the commanding park ranger, Captain Pine, although Phil falls for his stepdaughter Lt. Jesse Ryan whom the Captain is very protective of. This leads to a series of accidents all of which the Deedles are to blame for and land them in disfavor with Captain Pine. Through their trials, the Deedles inadvertently discover that an ex-park ranger named Slater  feels he’s been betrayed by the park, the Rangers and mainly Captain Pine and so he has created a secret bunker underground near Old Faithful and has devised a plan to divert Old Faithful’s waterflow into a new geyser he’s created on his own land which he is christened “New Faithful”. Unable to win any support for investigation from their fellow rangers, the Deedles take matters into their own hands and attempt to thwart Slater’s plan. However, the real Mel and Mo arrive at the Ranger’s base at a very untimely moment to reveal that Phil and Stew are not who they say they are. Pine, Jesse and the other rangers are disgusted with their dishonesty and banish them from Yellowstone. As the Deedles are walking down the highway attempting to hitch-hike, the big picture dawns on Phil and they devise a plan to get back into Yellowstone in order to stop Slater once-and-for-all. They rig a grappling hook into a grate in the roadway, and as an unsuspecting car passes it would catch the undercarriage and tow the Deedles , essentially a land version of parasailing. From a few hundred feet up in the air, they both notice a familiar stench and discover the person towing them is none other than Major Flowers—who becomes distracted by his stowaways and subsequently drives over a cliff  landing himself in a river. The boys parachute to the entrance for Slaters underground tunnel network and go underground, where they locate and subdue Slater’s two cronies Mr. Crabbe  and Mr. Nemo . They devise a plan to re-divert the water from New Faithful back to Old Faithful, and to escape by donning heat-resistance suits and escaping through the plumbing and through Old Faithful’s spout. The plan succeeds, Slater is exposed and the Deedles become heroes for saving Old Faithful. In a fortunate turn of events, the force of the explosion of water was so great it created a small lake which naturally created waves large enough to surf on, and the boys were able to create a park out of it. Earning the respect of their father for their success, from Captain Pine for their help in saving Yellowstone, and for Phil the love of Jesse.'] ['Former actor Bill Williams ([[Tom Arnold  is about to commit suicide over his ruined career. He throws out all his stuff and gives his clothes to a poor alcoholic. The man drinks Bill\'s vodka and takes half of his pills messing up his suicide plan and takes off. Bill drinks his alcohol and then takes the pills not knowing he won\'t die. He then lies down in the bathtub and closes his eyes. Three days later a demented film agent named Johnny Bernstein  shows up at the apartment with a business offer for him. He says a billionaire, Davis Roman  will hire Bill to write and co-star in a movie exactly like True Lies so that his son, Aaron Roman , whose favorite film is True Lies, can live out his dream of being an actor and star of an action movie. Not knowing much about the boy or the billionaire, Bill agrees to do the project since he would make thousands by the end of the movie. Later at the park, Bill meets the drunk who took his drugs and alcohol. His name is Guy Prince , a broke loser who hasn\'t had a job in almost 13 years. Bill finds he has a lot in common with Guy and asks him if he wants to be an actor. Guy agrees and he becomes Bill\'s unconventional "best" friend. Johnny, Bill and Guy later show up at the lavish Roman mansion, meeting with Davis and his wife, Shelby . They are a nice couple which makes Bill think they have a nice normal son. However, when Aaron shows up Bill becomes uncomfortable and assumes he will be making a bad film with a mentally impaired person. He attempts to back out of the offer when his ex-wife, producer Susan Mandeville , comes in with a film crew and tells everybody she will be producing the movie. Shortly after she shows up, Davis tells Bill about how normal Aaron is despite having cerebral palsy. Bill, remembering the money he will receive, agrees again to make the movie. Aaron is tenacious and happy to see Bill in person. He excitedly tells Bill about his interesting movie ideas as they begin to write the script. Though some of Aaron\'s ideas were unrealistic Bill becomes confident they will be able to shoot the movie. Aaron decides to call the movie Two Spies. Guy is enjoying himself as well as he flirts with the local women and spends time drinking all the Roman family\'s beer and wine. Aaron tells Bill he wants to kiss a beautiful women at the end while in a hot tub. He has his actress/model crush, Arielle Kebbel in mind. Bill agrees to the idea. Susan helps keep the movie on track by taking the production to a big movie studio in California. The actors show up, including Arielle Kebbel, which pleases a lovestruck Aaron. A pushy, overweight police woman becomes Bill\'s movie girlfriend. Guy plays a character named Lester Loser who gets blown up by a terrorist\'s bomb. Aaron\'s character rescues a dog and delivers it to the government officials it belongs to. Bill is happy with the movie\'s progress until he discovers it will only be shown at Aaron\'s birthday party. He quickly becomes depressed and angry with himself again. To make matters worse, Aaron forgot his dog allergies and has a bad reaction. His overprotective mother Bonnie is furious when she finds out his attack and arrives to take Aaron home for the summer. She convinces Aaron that Bill is bad and the boy begins to believe it. He leaves to be with his mother for the rest of the year. Davis still offers to pay Bill for the incomplete movie but Bill refuses. Guy and Bill go home, where Guy begins to throw all his money away on beer. He is soon broke again, living in a trailer attached to a car. Distraught, Bill avoids any contact with Susan and plans his next suicide attempt. Bill watches some of the film\'s footage and starts to see not everything is lost for him and Aaron. He flies out to where Aaron and Bonnie  live. He then convinces Bonnie that finishing the film will be a positive experience. Bonnie agrees and a very happy Aaron flies back to California to shoot the long awaited hot tub scene with Arielle. On the night of Aaron\'s birthday hundreds of people show up at the local movie theater where Two Spies is booked. Susan gets a lot of attention from reporters and tells everybody she believes in Aaron. Davis, Shelby and a surprising Bonnie all like the movie. Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Jamie Lee Curtis  show up at the screening to surprise Bill and wish Aaron a happy birthday. Guy tells Bill he\'ll drink less and wants a career in show business. Johnny even considers distributing the movie worldwide because the screening went so well. Bill is happy again and tells Aaron he wants to continue working with him. The closing scene has Aaron in the hot tub with Arielle as they give each other a tender and romantic kiss.'] ['Seth  and Evan  are two high school seniors who lament their virginity and poor social standing. Best friends since childhood, the two are about to go off to different colleges, as Seth did not get accepted into Dartmouth. After Seth is paired with Jules  during Home-Ec class, she invites him to a party at her house later that night. Later, Fogell  comes up to the two and reveals his plans to obtain a fake ID during lunch. Seth uses this to his advantage and promises to bring alcohol to Jules\' party. Fogell\'s fake ID is met with disgust by Seth and Evan, as it states that Fogell\'s name is simply "McLovin". After contemplating the options, Seth decides they have no choice but to have Fogell buy the alcohol with his fake ID. Fogell goes in and successfully buys the alcohol, but is interrupted when a robber enters the store, punches him in the face, and takes money from the cash register. When police officers Slater  and Michaels  arrive to investigate the robbery, Seth and Evan  believe that Fogell has been busted for the fake ID. Inside the store, Slater and Michaels are apparently fooled by Fogell\'s ID and give him a ride to the party. While arguing over what to do, Seth is hit by a car being driven by Francis , who promises to take them to a party he is attending in exchange for them not telling the police. During Fogell\'s time with the police, they exhibit very irresponsible behavior such as drinking, shooting their firearms at a stop sign, and improper use of their sirens to run red lights. All the while, the three develop a strong friendship. When Seth and Evan arrive at the party, they quickly discover that Francis is not welcome there. Francis is brutally beaten by Mark , the party host, while Seth fills detergent bottles from the basement with alcohol he finds in the fridge. After running away from the party, which soon devolves into a fistfight, Evan angrily asserts that Seth has been holding him back from all these years and preventing him from becoming socially active. In the midst of this argument, Seth is hit by the police cruiser when Michaels distracts Slater while he is driving. Afraid of losing their jobs, the cops decide to frame the accident on Seth and Evan and begin to arrest them. While being arrested, Seth and Evan see Fogell coming out of the car and decide to run for it, Fogell and the alcohol in tow. Arriving at the party, Seth successfully delivers the alcohol while Evan meets up with his crush Becca . Becca is already drunk and initiates sex with Evan, but ultimately ends up throwing up on Jules\' bed before anything can happen. Fogell impresses Nicola ([[Aviva  with his fake ID and goes upstairs to have sex with her. Seth tries to get with Jules, but learns that she does not want to do anything with him while he is drunk. In the midst of the conversation, Seth passes out, headbutting Jules in the eye. Slater and Michaels arrive to break up the party, prompting Seth to carry Evan out of the party to save him. Slater goes upstairs to find Fogell having sex with Nicola, scaring away the latter. The two officers sit down with Fogell and reveal that they knew his ID was fake and merely wanted to show him that cops can have a good time. As repayment, the officers pretend to arrest Fogell to boost his popularity. Removing the last piece of evidence of their wildly irresponsible night, the three torch the police cruiser with molotov cocktails while Fogell signs an affidavit saying that the car was stolen by a drug addict. Seth and Evan go to Evan\'s house, where the two reconcile and declare their brotherly love for one another. Going to the mall the next day, they meet Jules and Becca, who are shopping for cover-up and new comforters respectively. After an awkward exchange, Seth goes to help Jules while Evan helps Becca and the two best friends part ways.'] ["It's been 17 years since Oscar Madison and Felix Unger have seen one another. Oscar is still a compulsive gambler and an untidy slob, now living in Sarasota, Florida, but still a sportswriter. One day, he is called by his son Brucey with an invitation to California for his wedding the following Sunday. A second shock for Oscar—the woman his son is marrying is Felix's daughter, Hannah. On the flight from New York to Los Angeles, it becomes clear that Felix hasn't changed his ways—he's still a fussy, allergy-suffering nuisance. Oscar and Felix are reunited at the airport and very happy to be together again—at least for a few minutes. They take a rental car to San Malina for the wedding. But the trip begins with Oscar forgetting Felix's suitcase at the Budget car rental, including the wedding gifts and wardrobe inside. Oscar also loses the directions to San Malina when his cigar ash burns them. He and Felix become hopelessly lost on their way, unable to even remember the name of the town where they are headed. They end up in the desert, where the car rolls off a cliff and catches fire. If that were not enough, they get arrested several times by the local police, first for driving a truck carrying illegal Mexican immigrants, and then for being inside a $150,000 vintage Rolls Royce Silver Wraith with a dead man. Irritated, exhausted and convinced that they'll never get to the wedding, they get arrested yet again for consorting with armed Rednecks who believe Oscar and Felix were flirting with their wild women Thelma and Holly. The boys are freed and driven to the local airport by the police, who are only too pleased to be rid of them. Felix and Oscar make it to the wedding, but not before Felix falls for a woman on the airplane. Her name is Felice Adams, the sister of Oscar's ex-wife, Blanche.  They arrive to find that Brucey is having second thoughts about the wedding due to his parents' bad history with marriage. Felix and Oscar argue with their ex-spouses, after which Oscar persuades his son to go through with it. Felix's suitcase is returned and the wedding goes off without a hitch. The next morning, Felix and Felice leave on one flight and part ways with Oscar, who returns to Florida. Oscar is telling his poker friends about the wedding when the door bell rings. It is Felix, who says things with Felice didn't work out. Felix wonders if he could move in with Oscar until he finds his own place. Oscar says no, but eventually he relents. Before long Felix is cleaning up the apartment and Oscar is overcome with a sense of having been through all this before after thirty years."] ["The story is of three orphans  and their two father figures . They are taken in by both a wealthy crime boss  which leads to their close friendship, and a kind police officer . Nevertheless, the trio grows up learning high-tech methods of theft and specialize in stealing treasured paintings. After a heist in France goes awry, Chow's character is thought to be dead and Leslie takes Chow's place as Cherie's lover. However, Chow returns in a wheelchair and the group begins planning their next heist for themselves, fall out of favor with Tsang, and various complications and gun battles ensue."] ['In a scenario set approximately two years after the original film, Captain  Andrew Bogomil , Detective Billy Rosewood , and Sergeant John Taggart ([[John Ashton  are trying to figure out who is behind the "Alphabet Crimes," a series of mostly high end store robberies distinguished by their monogrammed envelopes with an alphabetical sequence the assailants leave behind. Complicating matters is the new "political" state of the Beverly Hills Police Department, headed by an incompetent and verbally abusive new police chief Harold Lutz , who is doing everything he can to stay on Mayor Ted Egan\'s  good side. Unimpressed when Rosewood calls the FBI to help solve the case, Lutz holds Bogomil responsible as commanding officer and suspends him, despite Bogomil\'s efforts to convince him that Rosewood was only following a hunch, a traditional aspect of police work. Lutz also punishes Taggart and Rosewood by placing them on traffic duty. On the way home, Bogomil is shot and injured by Karla Fry , the chief hench-woman of Maxwell Dent . Finding out about the shooting by a news report, Axel Foley  immediately flies out to Beverly Hills (covering his absence from his actual job in Detroit by telling his commanding officer Inspector Todd  to help find out who shot Bogomil, to repay the favor he owes Bogomil for saving his job two years ago. Taggart and Rosewood agree to assist Foley because of Lutz\'s apparent attempts to find an excuse to get them fired. Posing as an undercover FBI agent to get past Lutz , Foley soon starts making the connection between the robberies and Dent. Foley has Bogomil\'s daughter Jan use her connections as an insurance agent to find out about Dent\'s financial dealings: Dent is robbing his own businesses on purpose in order to finance firearms deals and is discreetly using his henchman Charles Cain  as the front man for his operations. Bogomil was shot because his investigation was on the correct track into the case. Having foiled a robbery attempt at a bank depot, Foley is able to trick Dent\'s accountant  into using his computer and discovers that Dent and Karla are planning to leave the country. Foley also learns from Jan that all of Dent\'s businesses have had their insurance coverage canceled and are about to go bankrupt except his race track, which he is convinced is the next target. On the way to the race track, Foley solves the latest riddle sent to the police, and is convinced that this riddle was made easily solvable in order to implicate Cain as the Alphabet Bandit, although Foley, after meeting him earlier, knows Cain is a patsy designed to throw the authorities off of Dent\'s trail. The three arrive too late to stop the robbery and find Cain\'s body  among those killed. While Lutz announces publicly that the Alphabet Crimes have been solved, Foley notices some red mud at the stables, which leads him, Taggart and Rosewood to Dent\'s oil field, where Dent is making his final arms deal. The three get into a shootout with everyone involved in the deal. Dent confronts Foley in the warehouse, but Foley gets distracted by one of Dent\'s henchmen on the roof above him and Dent gets away. Dent then crashes through the wall in his car and Foley shoots Dent through the windshield, sending his car down a hill and erupting in flames, after running Foley over. Karla appears and is about to kill Foley, but is shot dead by Taggart. Just as the last thugs are about to flee, the police arrive upon the scene, along with Lutz and Mayor Egan. Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart for their insubordination, and also tries to arrest Foley. However, both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit. They are also able to convince Mayor Egan of Lutz\'s incompetence, and the Mayor personally fires Lutz because he is tired of his abusive attitude towards his own men. At the end of the film, Bogomil is chosen by Mayor Egan to replace Lutz as the new Chief of Police, and Foley returns to Detroit, but not before he gets chewed out by Inspector Todd over the phone, right after Egan called Todd to congratulate him on allowing Foley to assist them on this case.'] ['A young Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid are wannabe outlaws who find that breaking the law is not as easy as it seems.'] ['Adam West and Burt Ward go in search of the Batmobile after it is stolen, and along the way find themselves forced to consult their memories to decipher clues left by the criminals, evidently people they had known from filming the Batman television series. Memories include affairs, one of which led to Burt being chased by a knife-bearing lover, medicine Burt was forced to take so his genitals would not be so visible in his tights, and Adam meeting the actress who played Batgirl  and accidentally placing a hand on her breast during filming. As it turns out, the villains who stole the Batmobile were the actors who once played the Riddler  and Catwoman .'] ['The film continues the misadventures of two young executives, Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker , and their deceased boss, Bernie Lomax . In the first film, Larry and Richard were forced to create the illusion that Bernie was still alive in order to avoid being killed themselves. In the sequel, Larry and Richard plot to use Bernie to find the embezzled $2 million he had buried at the U.S. Virgin Islands. Before stuffing the body into a suitcase and heading for fortune, however, Bernie is partially revived in a botched voodoo ceremony and made to walk toward the hidden treasure whenever he hears music. Larry and Richard are also on the run from the mob, as well as two flunkies of the voodoo lady, and a representative from the insurance company sent to recover the embezzled $2 million, who usually ends up questioning his sanity whenever he sees a walking Bernie, convinced Bernie has died. Richard is administered poison by the "mobu", and must find the treasure by sundown to get the antidote. Larry befriends a lovely native girl named Claudia , whose father is a medical doctor who can cure Richard if he can get the blood of a virgin . The mobsters and voodoo lady are arrested, and Bernie is last seen leading the flunkies in a carnival parade, who have been transformed into goats by voodoo. Larry returns the $2 million to the insurance company, but not before learning Bernie actually stole $3 million. Larry and Richard use the remaining million to purchase a yacht with a crew of attractive women. After the credits roll, one last shot is seen of Bernie wearing numerous gold chains and riding a shark into the sunset.'] ["Raju Pardesi ([[Govinda  is a fairly poor guy who wants to marry a rich guy's daughter, Chinii . However, the rich father is not impressed and demands that Pardesi must earn {{INR}}1,00,00,000 rupees within a year, and only then will he let him marry his daughter. A chance encounter ends up with the overly honest main character accidentally picking up the wrong suitcase on his way home, and suddenly he is blessed with {{INR}}10,00,000 rupees. His honesty makes him go to the police station to hand it in, but there he is faced by dishonest policemen who only want to take the money for themselves. He and his friend, Happy Singh,  start to think about how they could make 10 million rupees from just 1 million. They enlist a scientist who has a secret recipe for tea.. and start to sell their own brand of tea. After the first week, however, they have only sold two packets because their tea is too expensive. Happy Singh suggests that they start their own tea company and leases a house, a large field of tea, and some workers.. on the main character's behalf. The rest of the story revolves around the activities of the main character, Happy Singh, the workers and the house maid known as 'Ms. Break-All'."] ['A young adult from New York is on his way to California for a business meeting when he runs into trouble with some local hoodlums in Kingman who shoot at his car and tried to run him off the road. He hooks up with a hitchhiker who is also passing through town, who turns out to be a former rock and roll musician, and the two attempt to set things right in the town, culminating in their entry in an automobile race from Kingman to Oatman and back.'] [' The story concerns three young people: British Sergeant Peter Gibbs , US Army Sergeant Bob Johnson (played by real-life Sergeant [[John Sweet , and a \'Land Girl\', Miss Alison Smith . The group arrive at the railway station in the fictitious small Kent town of Chillingbourne , near Canterbury, late on Friday night, 27 August 1943. Peter has been stationed at a nearby Army camp, Alison is due to start working on a farm in the area, and Bob left the train by mistake, hearing the announcement "next stop Canterbury" and thinking he was in Canterbury. As they leave the station together Alison is attacked by a mysterious assailant in uniform who pours glue on her hair, before escaping. It transpires that this has happened quite a few times before. Alison asks Bob if he could spend the weekend in Chillingbourne to help her solve the mystery. The next day, while riding a farm cart in the countryside, Alison meets Peter, who surrounds her cart with his platoon of three Bren Gun Carriers. Alison agrees to meet Peter again. The three decide to investigate the attack, enlisting the help of the locals, including several young boys who play large-scale war games. The three use their detective skills to identify the culprit as a local magistrate, Mr Thomas Colpeper , a gentleman farmer and pillar of the community, who also gives local history lectures to soldiers stationed in the district. Alison interviews all the glue man\'s victims to identify the dates and times of their attacks. Gibbs visits Colpeper at his home and borrows the fire watch roster listing the nights Colpeper was on duty in the town hall, whilst Johnson\'s boy commandos, under the cover of a paper drive for salvage lets Johnson discover receipts for gum used to make glue sold to Colpeper. The dates of the attacks correspond with Colpeper\'s night watches where he wore a Home Guard uniform kept in the town hall to carry out his attacks. On a train journey to Canterbury on the Monday morning, Colpeper joins them in their compartment. They confront him with their suspicions, which he doesn\'t deny, and they discover that his motive is to prevent the soldiers from being distracted away from his lectures by female company and to help keep the local women faithful to their absent British boyfriends. In Colpeper\'s words, Chaucer\'s pilgrims travelled to Canterbury to "receive a blessing, or to do penance". On arriving in the city of Canterbury, devastated by wartime bombing, all three young people receive blessings of their own. Alison discovers that her boyfriend, believed killed in the war, has survived after all; his father, who had blocked their marriage because he thought his son could do better than a shopgirl, finally relents. Bob receives long-delayed letters from his sweetheart, who is now a WAC in Australia. Peter, a cinema organist before the war, gets to play the music of J.S. Bach on the large organ at Canterbury Cathedral, before leaving with his unit. He decides not to report Mr Colpeper to the Canterbury police, as he had planned to do – in its way a blessing for Colpeper, when he had expected instead to do penance.'] ["Archie Moses  is a small time crook and a thief who lives in Los Angeles, and he is working for a local drug lord Frank Colton ([[James Caan . He is unaware that his best friend Rock Keats  is actually an LAPD undercover cop, with a real name being Jack Carter, who is seeking evidence against Colton, and he is only using Moses to infiltrate Colton's gang. One night, Jack goes out with Moses and gets him drunk, and manages to get info from Moses, and he finds an address for one of Colton's fronts. During a raid on Colton's warehouse, Archie realizes that Jack is a cop, and he tries to escape the warehouse during the police raid, during which an out of control crane hits Moses in the back and he accidentally shoots Jack in the head, but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery with the aid of his physical therapist Dr. Traci Flynn . Moses then flees the state, and is subsequently found and arrested later on. Moses is brought into custody, and he agrees to testify against Colton, but the trial is at the other side of the country. After Jack's recovery, his superior officer Jensen  orders him to get Moses to transfer him personally to the courtroom. Having been bitter about the accident, Carter harbors resentment against Moses, and problems get escalated since a simple transfer has gone awry when Colton learns through bribed federal agents and Los Angeles Police Department officers of Moses's attempt to testify against Colton. Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship and are successful in returning back to their local police department. However, Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage, and blackmails Carter into turning Moses over in order to save Flynn. Carter and Moses pretend to comply with Colton and shoot their way through Colton's guards. It is later revealed that Flynn was responsible for leaking Carter and Moses' whereabouts to Colton and was actually on Colton's payroll. Carter manages to distract Colton after Moses gets shot in the shoulder by Colton and after apprehending Flynn and Moses manages to kill Colton. Moses gives the incriminating documents on Colton to Carter, and he heads to Mexico, where he becomes a bullfighter, with Carter and Moses's mother later accompanying him."] ["In 1748, England is infested with highwaymen, such as Will Plunkett, a London-based criminal working with a partner. However, very soon into the film his partner is killed by Thief Taker General Chance, and Plunkett finds himself on the run from the local constabulary. This incident was witnessed by Captain James Macleane, who was being taken to a debtor's prison. He also sees Plunkett's partner swallow a ruby, which he sees as his ticket out of debt, and, after narrowly escaping discovery by Chance, he goes to the cemetery and tries to exhume the body and retrieve the ruby. Unknown to him, Plunkett is also waiting there, and he forces Macleane to give the ruby to him. He then also swallows it, as they are both found by Chance's men. They go together to Newgate Prison, and Plunkett realises that, because of Macleane's social rank , he can give the ruby to Macleane and he can use his influence to buy them both out of prison. This, despite protests from Macleane, starts a partnership which could be very successful, where they use Macleane's title to get to know the rich, and Plunkett's brains and planning to rob them later on. However, this all goes haywire when Macleane falls for the beautiful Lady Rebecca and lets their secret slip. Eventually, Plunkett's plans to escape the country to America are spoiled by Macleane's uncontrollable spending, and Plunkett leaves him to the gallows. However, Plunkett comes back at the very last minute to save his friend, and all three leave for America. At the very end Plunkett gets his own back on Chance as he shoots him in the head in the sewer."] ['"Big John" McMasters  and "Square John" Sand  are two down-on-their-luck oil wildcatters who join forces. Without enough money, they steal drilling equipment from a skeptical Luther Aldrich . Their well proves a bust and they have to hastily depart when Aldrich shows up with the sheriff to take back his property. The two oilmen team up and make enough money to partially pay Aldrich. To get him to back them for a second try, they cut him in for a percentage of the well. This time, they strike it rich. When Elizabeth \'Betsy\' Bartlett  shows up, McMasters sweeps her off her feet  and marries her. Sand accepts the situation, wanting Betsy to be happy. However, on their first anniversary, she catches her husband dancing with a barroom floozy. As a result, Sand quarrels with McMasters and they flip a coin for the entire oilfield. Betsy leaves too, but returns when she learns that her husband has lost almost everything to Sand and needs her. Each man goes through booms and busts. Building on his renewed success as a wildcatter, McMasters moves to New York to expand into refineries and distribution, competing against former customer Harry Compton . Seeking inside information about his rivals, he hires away Compton\'s adviser Karen Vanmeer , who uses her social contacts and womanly charms to gather industry information. Meanwhile, Sand loses everything he has built up in South America to a revolution. When he meets McMasters at an oilmen\'s convention, the two finally reconcile, and Sand goes to work for his old friend. When he suspects that McMasters is carrying on an affair with Karen, he tries to save Betsy\'s marriage by offering to marry Karen. However, she deduces his motives and declines. When a miserable Betsy tries to commit suicide by taking sleeping pills, Sand decides that the only way to help her is to bankrupt McMasters. Sand loses his costly battle with his former friend and goes broke. It is only when he asks McMasters to give his wife a divorce that the married man finally comes to his senses. Later, McMasters is prosecuted by the government for violating the Sherman Antitrust Act and loses his business. In the end, poor, but happier, Sand and McMasters team up again, with the blissful Betsy looking on. Aldrich supplies them with equipment and the whole cycle begins again.'] ['One night in Detroit during a shoot-out at a chop shop, Detroit police officer Axel Foley  sees his boss Inspector Douglas Todd  fatally shot by a well-dressed man. Axel learns that the killer\'s vehicle was rented using a credit card reported stolen from a man on vacation at Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California. In Beverly Hills, Axel is reunited with his friend Billy Rosewood  who tells Axel that John Taggart ([[John Ashton  is now retired and living in Arizona. Billy has been promoted to "Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command"  and has a new partner named Jon Flint . Axel checks out Wonder World, which is owned by "Uncle" Dave Thornton . After being spotted by security, Axel is shot at and taken to see the park\'s head of security, Ellis DeWald , whom Axel immediately recognizes as Inspector Todd\'s killer. Rosewood and Flint refuse to believe that DeWald is a killer because he works closely with the LAPD and is a close friend of Flint\'s. DeWald runs a counterfeiting ring that uses Wonder World as a front and was at the chop shop in Detroit to meet with associates to purchase blank printing paper. Uncle Dave is shot by DeWald and Axel is framed for his shooting. With the help of Rosewood and Flint, Axel sets out to prove his innocence by storming the park. The resulting shootout kills DeWald and his henchmen. Uncle Dave makes a full recovery and he thanks Axel for his assistance by creating a new character for Wonder World in his name—Axel Fox.'] 