['When Batman  and Robin  get a tip that Commodore Schmidlapp (the final role of actor [[Reginald Denny  is in danger aboard his yacht, they launch a rescue mission using the Batcopter. After a tangle with an exploding shark which seizes Batman\'s leg but is repelled by Shark Repellent Bat-Spray after the Yacht disappears, Batman and Robin head back to Commissioner Gordon\'s office where, through deduction and wisdom, they figure out that the tip was a set-up by The United Underworld, a gathering of four of the most powerful villains in Gotham City , who plan to defeat The Dynamic Duo once and for all, and take over the entire world. The United Underworld equip themselves with a dehydrator that can turn humans into dust , a World War II "Pre-Atomic" Submarine made to resemble a penguin, and their three pirate henchmen , and Batman and Robin must stop them. It is revealed the ship was really a projection. When The Dynamic Duo return to the buoy via The Batboat with the projector on it, they are trapped on it by a magnet and torpedoes are launched at them, but they escape using a radio-detonator to destroy two of the missiles, and a porpoise is hit by the last one. Catwoman, disguised as the Soviet journalist "Miss KITKA" , lures Bruce Wayne into a trap as part of a plot to destroy Batman, little suspecting that Wayne is Batman\'s alter-ego. And Penguin, disguised as the Commodore even schemes his way into the Batcave along with five dehydrated henchmen; this plan fails when the henchmen unexpectedly disappear into Antimatter when Penguin mistakenly rehydrates them with heavy water contaminated with radioactive waste, regularly used to recharge the Batcave\'s atomic pile. Ultimately the Duo are unable to prevent the kidnapping of the dehydrated United World Organization\'s Security Council. After giving chase in the Batboat, the Caped Crusader and Boy Wonder use a sonic charge weapon called "Bat-Charges" to disable Penguin\'s submarine and bring it to the surface, where a grand fist fight ensues. Although Batman and Robin win the fight, Batman is heartbroken to find out that his "true love" Miss Kitka is actually Catwoman when she trips and her mask falls off. Although Commodore Schmidlapp sneezes on and scatters the powdered members of the dehydrated Council, mixing them together &ndash; which would normally spell their doom &ndash; Batman constructs an elaborate filter to separate the mingled dust. Robin poses the question whether it might not be in the world\'s best interests for them to alter the dust samples so that humans can no longer harm one another. In response, Batman says that they cannot do so—in reminder of the fate of Penguin\'s five henchmen\'s tainted rehydration—and can only hope for people, in general, to learn to live together peacefully on their own. However, in the final scene, Robin\'s wishes are ironically fulfilled when the Security Council is improperly re-hydrated. All of the members are alive and well, continuing to squabble among themselves and totally oblivious of their surroundings. But each of them now speaks the language - and displays the stereotypical mannerisms - of a nation other than their own. As the world looks on in disbelief at this development, Batman and Robin quietly climb out of the United World Headquarters to an uncertain future. Batman\'s final words express his sincere hope that this "mixing of minds" does more good than it does harm. The Fins shows "The Living{?} End"'] ['Emperor Ming the Merciless  declares that he will first play with and then destroy, the Earth, using natural disasters. On Earth, New York Jets football star "Flash" Gordon  boards a small plane, where he meets travel journalist Dale Arden . Mid-flight, the cockpit is hit by a meteorite and the pilots mysteriously vanish. Flash takes control and manages to crash land into a greenhouse owned by Dr. Hans Zarkov . Zarkov, who believes the disasters are being caused because an unknown source is pushing the moon towards Earth, has secretly constructed a spacecraft which he plans to use to investigate. Zarkov\'s assistant refuses to go, so he lures Flash and Dale aboard. The rocket launches, taking them to the planet Mongo, where they are captured by Ming\'s troops. The three are brought before Ming. He orders Dale be prepared for his pleasure. Flash tries to resist but is overpowered. Ming orders Zarkov be reprogrammed and Flash executed. Ming\'s daughter, Princess Aura , forces Ming’s surgeon into saving Flash, to whom she is attracted. As they escape, Flash sees Zarkov being brainwashed by Klytus, the head of the secret police. Aura and Flash flee to Arboria, kingdom of Prince Barin , Aura\'s lover. En route, Aura teaches Flash to use a telepathic communicator to contact Dale. He lets her know he is alive. Dale is locked in Ming\'s bedchamber, but encouraged by Flash, she escapes. Klytus sends Zarkov to intercept Dale, who tells him and Klytus that Flash is alive. They then escape, as Zarkov reveals he resisted the brainwashing. They are captured by Prince Vultan\'s  Hawkmen and taken to Sky City. Aura and Flash arrive at Arboria. Aura asks the Prince to keep Flash safe. A distrustful Barin, in love with Aura, agrees not to kill Flash, but then forces him to perform a deadly ritual. Barin and Flash take turns sticking their hands into a hollow stump with a giant scorpion inside. When Flash has to take an extra turn, he pretends to be stung and begs for death before escaping. Barin follows, but they are both captured by the Hawkmen. Klytus informs Ming that Flash is alive and is given authority to find out who is responsible. Aura returns and is taken prisoner and tortured by Klytus and General Kala . They force her to confess and Ming banishes her to the ice moon Frigia after his wedding. Meanwhile, Flash and Barin are taken to Sky City, where Flash and Dale are briefly reunited. Flash is forced to fight Barin to the death, but Barin joins him when Flash saves his life. Klytus arrives and Flash and Barin kill him. Knowing that this will bring retribution, Vultan orders the Hawkmen to evacuate, leaving Barin, Flash, Dale and Zarkov behind. Ming’s ship arrives and he orders Barin, Zarkov and Dale to be taken aboard. Ming is impressed with Flash, and offers him lordship over Earth in exchange for loyalty, which Flash refuses. Ming gives the order to destroy Vultan’s kingdom along with Flash. Flash finds a rocket cycle and escapes before Sky City is destroyed. Flash contacts Vultan, who is hiding on Arboria and they plot an attack on Mingo City. Flash pretends to attack Mingo City alone on his rocket cycle. General Kala dispatches the war rocket Ajax to bring back Flash\'s body but the Hawkmen intercepts and they seize the rocket. Meanwhile, Princess Aura overpowers her guard and frees Barin and Zarkov from the execution chamber. Flash and the Hawkmen attack Mingo City in Ajax and Kala activates the defenses, as Ming and Dale’s wedding begins. Mingo City\'s lightning field can only be penetrated by flying Ajax into it at a suicidal speed. Flash volunteers to stay at the helm to ensure success and allow the Hawkmen to invade the city. Just before the rocket hits, Barin sabotages the field generators and Ajax plummets into the city\'s wedding hall and the ship\'s bow impales Ming. He falls off the rocket nose, seriously wounded and Flash offers to spare his life if he will stop the attack on Earth but Ming refuses. Ming attempts to use his power ring on Flash but his power falters and nothing happens. He then aims the ring at himself and is seemingly vaporized by its remaining power seconds before the counter to the destruction of the Earth reaches zero. A huge victory celebration ensues.'] ['Daniel, a young man from the provinces come to the city and moves from one gay subculture to the next. His adventures begin on the streets of Berlin, where the shy brunette Daniel meets the blonde Clemens, who invites him home for coffee and offers him a place to stay. Soon Daniel is living with Clemens and believes he has found the love of his life. The two try to imitate a bourgeois marriage and its lifestyle. But after four months of tedium, Daniel is cruised by a rich older man who entices him to move into his villa, where he encounters a group of older gays, pretentious in their appreciations of fine art and classical music, who fawn over him. Progressively disenchanted, Daniel realizes that his rich friend is only using him as a plaything. He leaves to work in a gay café and learns to dress fashionably with ostentatious outfits. He spends his free time at a swimming pool. Two years later Daniel is no longer content with meeting men in elegant cafés, boutiques, and beaches; but, now seeks out pickups at the bars for quick sex. He moves on to dark lit parks where older leather-men congregate. He finally descends to the public toilets where hustlers hang out as well as frustrated, closeted types and aging gays who are no longer attractive; the latter only end up being beaten by punks. At a bar frequented by transvestites, Daniel meets Paul who takes him to his commune where a group of men, lying around naked, openly criticize their superficial, closeted lifestyles, sexual hangups, fashion, and conformity. Calling for gay emancipation, they advocate social engagement and collective organization against discrimination.'] 