["Duffy is a cunning aristocrat of criminals who is hired by Stefane, a young playboy, to hijack a boat carrying several million dollars of his father's fortune. The plot succeeds, with a little help from Segolene, Stefane's girlfriend - but also with an unexpected, sudden turn of events."] ['Cosimo  and Toto  attempt to steal a car and Cosimo gets caught. In jail, he meets an old man who tells him about a Bellini - a perfect heist -- which he cannot pull off because of his jail sentence. Cosimo wants his girlfriend/fiancée, Rosalind , to find a "Mullinski"  so that he can get out of jail and pull off this Bellini. After talking to Toto, Basil , Leon , and Pero  - and telling them the basics of the "Bellini" in the process - Pero is paid $16,000 to confess to Cosimo\'s crime. In jail, he gets Cosimo to tell him what the Bellini is, and then lets him know that his sentence was suspended so that he walks out a free man, leaving Cosimo to rot in jail. When he gets home, Pero is confronted by Cosimo\'s girlfriend, Rosalind, and some of the other people she asked to take the fall for Cosimo, including: Riley, whose wife is in jail and he to take care of his baby , Leon, and Toto. Pero tells them he used the money to pay off his debts, but reveals the Bellini. A brick building on Chester used to be a flour factory. Later it was converted, half into apartments and half into a jewelry store. The old man in jail was hired to work on the renovation. He created a small false wall between one of the apartments and the room with the jewelry store safe. Pero, Riley, Leon, Toto, and Rosalind all agree to go in on the heist together. Riley sold all of his camera equipment to buy baby supplies, but goes to a street market and steals a video camera so that they can record the owner opening the safe and get the combination. After many failed attempts to record the combination, they hire a safe cracker, Jerzy, to teach them how to crack the safe. The gang have to watch out for Sgt. Babitch, who is keeping a close eye on them. They are shocked to find that a pair of maiden aunts and a young woman named Carmela have moved into the vacant apartment. Leon and Basil pretend to accost Carmela and Pero comes to her "rescue." He gets a date with her and takes her to the street carnival. In the meantime, a guard watching over Cosimo suddenly falls down dead. Cosimo takes the guard\'s uniform and uses it to escape from jail. He confronts Pero in the funhouse at the carnival, and then the gang and a fight breaks out. Cosimo doesn\'t want to share the Bellini, and hits Rosalind for betraying him. They try to convince him that they can split the take equally, but Cosimo threatens to kill anyone who tries to pull off his heist. Rosalind leaves the group, no longer interested in the heist. Pero finds that he is falling for Carmela. She reveals that the aunts will be out of town for several days. That same night Cosimo dies in a bus accident. Basil meets Leon\'s sister, Michelle, and they begin dating even though she\'s engaged; Michelle tells Basil that she wants an "honest man". Pero, having lied about the $16,000, gives it to Babitch to let them do the job. The night of the heist, Riley leaves his baby with Rosalind, but on his way to meet up at Pero\'s apartment he gets his arm broken by the men he stole the video camera from. His arm is in a cast and he\'s taken almost a bottleful of Vicodin . Leon, having found out about Michelle and Basil, confronts him. Basil admits that he can\'t pull the heist because he got an honest job in order to be worthy of Michelle. He leaves. During the heist, everything that can go wrong, does. Riley is completely drugged, Toto loses his pants, Pero bites off the tip of his tongue, the janitor comes in to check on the apartment while the guys are there, and they realize that the floor plans they got were incorrect. They break through the wrong wall  at 3am and realize there is not enough time to get it right and crack open the safe. Toto finds $1,000 in the cookie jar. While reheating dinner on the stove in the aunts\' apartment, they accidentally blow up the stove. The end scene is the group after the explosion standing at the bus stop. Riley suggests that they shouldn\'t see one another again. As he is getting on the bus, Pero looks at Leon and Toto, and all agree to give Riley the $1000 to get his wife out of jail. Leon heads home to apologize to his sister and tells Pero to let him know when he gets another Bellini. As Pero leaves, Toto asks him about Carmela, and tells him that it\'s important to have someone to walk with, more so than money.'] ['Tony "le Stéphanois" has served a five-year prison term for a jewel heist, and is now out on the street and down on his luck. His friend Jo approaches Tony about another jewel heist in which they and Mario would stealthily cut the glass on a Parisian jeweler\'s front window and grab some gems. Tony opts not to participate. Tony learns that his old girlfriend, Mado, has now aligned herself with Pierre Grutter. Finding Mado at Grutter\'s nightclub, he invites her back to his rundown flat. Mado has been well-kept, and Tony savagely beats her for being so deeply involved with Grutter. Tony changes his mind about the heist; he now accepts on the condition that they hit the jeweler\'s safe, not the window. Mario, an Italian, suggests they employ the services of his compatriot César, a safecracker. The four team up and plan a way to work around the ingenious alarm system guarding the jewelry shop. Casing the store, the group decides to drill through the ceiling from an upstairs flat which will be vacant on a Sunday night extending into Monday morning before the jeweler returns. The suspenseful break-in completed, the criminals seem to have triumphed. Without the others\' knowledge, César has pocketed a diamond ring as a gift for his mistress Viviane, a chanteuse at Grutter\'s club. The four men arrange to fence the loot with a London contact. Meanwhile, Grutter has seen Mado and her injuries; Mado breaks off their relationship. From this, Grutter infers that Tony is at the root of Mado\'s decision; he then gives drugs to his heroin-addicted brother and tells him to murder Tony. Grutter sees the diamond César gave to Viviane and realizes that César and Tony were responsible for the jewel theft. Grutter forces César to confess. Seeking revenge and money, Grutter\'s gang brutally murders Mario and his wife Ida. Tony retrieves Mario\'s share of the jewels and pays for a splendid funeral for him. Tony goes looking for Grutter and finds the captive César, who confesses to ratting him out to Grutter. With regret, Tony kills César. Meanwhile, Grutter\'s thugs have kidnapped Jo\'s five-year-old son Tonio, demanding that Tony give over the loot or young Tonio will be killed. The London fence arrives with the cash, which now seems pointless to Jo, who along with his wife, is tormented with worry for their son. Seeking the boy, Tony tracks him down at Grutter\'s country house and kills Grutter\'s brothers Rémi and Louis to save him. On the way back to Paris, Tony is told that Jo has cracked under the pressure and has taken the money to the house for Grutter. Grutter kills Jo, and then is killed by Tony, who is mortally wounded. Bleeding profusely, Tony drives maniacally back to Paris and delivers Tonio home safely. Tony dies in his car as police and bystanders close in on him and his remaining loot.'] ['Small-time Boston crook Tony Pino  tries to make a name for himself. He and his five associates attempt to pull off a large-scale robbery whenever they could. After Tony and his gang easily rob over $100,000 in cash from a Brinks Armored Car, Tony disguises himself as a sparkplug salesman and is able to get inside Brinks\' large and so-called "impregnable fortress" headquarters in the city\'s North End, a company renowned for unbreachable security as a private "bank" throughout the East Coast. Once inside, Tony realizes that Brinks is anything but a fortress and the employees treat the money "like garbage". Still wary of Brinks\' image, Tony breaks in one night after casing the building, to find that only two doors in the building are locked, and one is easily bypassed by leaping a gate. The only thing locked in the building is the vault. Also, Tony realizes that unlike what Brinks claims, there is only a 10-cent alarm in the vault room itself, and is almost impossible to set off. It appears that Brinks had relied so much on their reputation for strong security that they had not locked the doors. Pino then begins to plan out the robbery, using the rooftop of a neighboring building as a watch tower. After realizing that Brinks is his for the taking, Tony and his dim brother-in-law Vinnie  put together a motley gang of thieves to rob Brinks. They include the debonair Jazz Maffie  and the slightly deranged Iwo Jima veteran, Specs O\'Keefe , who proposes to blow open the Brink\'s safe with a bazooka. Over the crew\'s objections, Pino also invites the arrogant fence Joe McGinnis  to be in on the job. Together, the robbers, led by Pino, on the night of Jan. 17th, 1950, make off with more than a million dollars in cash, along with another million-plus in securities and checks. Brink\'s, a company that prides itself in the safekeeping of money, is nationally embarrassed by what the press is calling "the crime of the century." Even FBI director J. Edgar Hoover  takes a personal interest in finding the culprits, even so much as creating a makeshift FBI Office in Boston. Law enforcement agents begin rounding up suspects. They come to the home of Tony and Mary Pino, as they often do for crimes in the area. Mary is so familiar with them by now, she makes the cops dinner. Tony is brought in for questioning, but reacts with indignation at being accused. The crooks begin to crack, however. McGinnis infuriates them by destroying a large sum of the hold-up money, claiming the bills could be traced. He also hangs onto the rest, defying threats by Pino and his cohorts to hand over their shares. Specs and another of the gang, Stanley Gusciora, go on the road to meet his "sugar doughnut" in Pittsburgh, where they are picked up by Pennsylvania State Police on a burglary charge enroute at Bradford, Pennsylvania and are each handed a long jail sentence, Gusciora at the Western Penitentiary-Pittsburgh . Specs grows more and more disturbed behind bars, demanding that money from his cut be sent to his ill sister. In interrogation, Specs and Stanley are pressured more each day to reveal whatever they might know about the Brink\'s job. Specs ultimately confesses. One by one, the rest of the gang is apprehended, mainly by the Boston Police Department. Tony is on his way to jail in Boston and so is Vinnie, but they unexpectedly find themselves hailed as heroes by people on the street for having pulled off one of the great crimes of all time. One teen remarks to Pino, "You\'re the greatest thief who ever lived! Nobody will ever do what you did Tony!"'] ['A Milanese gangster contacts Peppe ; he has identified him and his accomplices as the perpetrators of the bungled attempt at the Madonna street pawn shop. His offer is to reunite the same men for a daring robbery in Milan, where the local offices of football betting pool Totocalcio shift the weekly revenue on Sunday afternoon via a common car with just an accountant and a driver in it. The gang would have to travel north from Rome disguised among the supporters of A.S. Roma going to Milan for a football match, commit the robbery and then flee to Bologna via a souped-up car there to rejoin the returning sport fans. The Milanese seems tough and smart and his proposal sounds very inviting for the small-time crooks who all have their problems trying to lead an "honest" life, but things will go differently.'] ["After Dortmunder  is released from his latest stint in prison, he is approached by his brother-in-law, Andy Kelp , about another job. Dr. Amusa  seeks a valuable gem in a Brooklyn museum that is of great significance to his people in his country in Africa, stolen during colonial times and then re-stolen by various African nations on multiple occasions since. Kelp and Dortmunder are joined by driver Stan Murch  and explosives expert Allan Greenberg  and concoct an elaborate plan for stealing the gem from a museum in Brooklyn. Although the plan  basically works, something always seems to go awry, and the quartet has to steal the diamond again and again. First off, the diamond is swallowed by Greenberg when he alone gets caught by the police during the initial heist. After Greenberg tells his partners where he hid the rock in the police precinct jail , the quartet attempt another heist on the precinct. Although the plan works, the rock is nowhere to be found. It is later discovered that Greenberg's father Abe , a dishonest lawyer who bailed his son out of jail, was the only other person who knew where it was. After a series of bluffs, Abe Greenberg reveals that he put the diamond in his safe deposit box and has made his own deal to sell the gem to Dr. Amusa, which will leave Dortmunder's quartet with nothing. Dr. Amusa fires Dortmunder for his incompetence. However, with the help of a hypnotist, Dortmunder is able to gain access to Abe's safe deposit box and retrieve the gem just after the bank opens in the morning. As Dortmunder exits the bank, Abe and Dr. Amusa arrive at the bank but do not see him in the crowd. Dortmunder climbs into a car where the others are waiting and a rousing cheer erupts as they drive off."] ['Reuben Tishkoff , in an attempt to legitimize himself in his later years, is conned by Willy Bank , his former business partner. When Bank forces Tishkoff to sign over the ownership rights of the new hotel/casino they were building together, Reuben suffers a heart attack and becomes bed-ridden. Daniel Ocean , after attempting to negotiate with Bank, gathers up his partners-in-crime and plans to ruin Bank on the opening night of his hotel-casino, "The Bank", to get revenge for Reuben. The first of two plans is to prevent "The Bank" from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award, which Bank has previously won with all of his previous hotels. Saul Bloom  poses as the reviewer of the board, while the real reviewer , is treated horribly during his stay through Ocean\'s associates and the staff on their payroll. The second plan is to rig the casino\'s slot machines and other games to force a pay out more than $500&nbsp;million in winnings across the casino; this will force Bank to cede control of the casino to his board. Rigging of the games would require them to defeat "The Greco Player Tracker", a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence system that monitors the games and ensures that all winnings are legitimate, by measuring the players\' biometric responses for authenticity. They plan to trick Bank into carrying a cell phone with a magnetron, created by technical expert Roman Nagel , to disrupt the Greco. To assure that players cash out, Ocean\'s team acquires one of the giant drills used to bore the Channel Tunnel, to simulate an earthquake under the hotel on opening night. While the group prepares the rigged games, the drill breaks, forcing them to approach Terry Benedict , one of the previous people they stole from, to fund the purchase of the second drill. While Benedict has a grudge against Bank and is willing to help, he only offers Ocean the funds if they also steal the 4 Five Diamond Awards, now on display in a secured case at the top level of the hotel. Ocean plans for Linus Caldwell  to seduce Bank\'s assistant, Abigail Sponder , to gain access to the display and switch the diamonds with fakes. As Ocean\'s plan proceeds on opening night, agents from the FBI have been tipped off that machines have been rigged by Livingston Dell   and have identified him, which may reveal the rest of Ocean\'s gang to Bank. Basher  distracts Bank long enough to allow Virgil  and Turk Malloy  to change the group\'s FBI records, including their names and appearances. Linus, in the process of seducing Sponder in the secure room with the diamonds, is interrupted by the lead FBI agent. He explains the diamond-theft plan to Sponder, and Linus is arrested, but as they exit in the elevator, the lead agent is revealed to be his father, Bobby , who is in on Ocean\'s plan and there to help Linus swap the diamonds. As they exit to the roof of the hotel for extraction via helicopter, they are caught by François "The Night Fox" Toulour , whom Benedict had ordered to intercept the diamonds. Linus gives the diamonds to Toulour, who leaves, but discovers he only holds the fakes after departing; Ocean had been aware of Toulour\'s presence, and arranged to extract the entire display case from the hotel with a helicopter. The remainder of Ocean\'s plan continues as expected, with "The Greco" disrupted, and guests leaving the hotel with their huge winnings. As Bank realizes his ruin, Ocean lets him know that they did everything for Reuben, taunting him about the fact that Bank cannot even arrange for revenge as he cannot prove that Ocean did anything illegal. The group uses the money they made off with to buy property north of the Las Vegas Strip for Reuben to build his own casino. As punishment for Benedict\'s treachery, Ocean donates his portion of the take to charity, all $72 Million; forcing Benedict to publicly admit his philanthropy via TV appearances. As the group disperses on their own and considers settling down, Rusty ensures that the real Five Diamond reviewer is compensated by allowing him to win an $11&nbsp;million jackpot at a rigged slot machine at the airport.'] ['After the Sunset begins with master thief Max Burdett  and his beautiful accomplice, Lola Cirillo , stealing the second of three famous diamonds known as the Napoleon diamonds from FBI Agent Stanley P Lloyd . Max however is shot by Lloyd before he passes out from being gassed by them. Max survives and tells Lola to get the diamond. She does and leaves a one dollar bill in its place. They then retire to Paradise Island in the Bahamas. Their financial future is set, their career in crime a thing of the past. However, Agent Lloyd refuses to believe their retreat into domesticity. After six months, Lloyd shows up, breaks into Max\'s house, and starts searching for evidence: taking the bullet he shot Max with. Max arrives and points a gun at him while he is relaxing, prompting Lloyd to draw his. They lower their guns and Lloyd accuses Burdett of hiding out in the same place where a cruise ship is displaying the final Napoleon diamond and the only one he hadn\'t stolen. He thinks the two are planning to lift the third Napoleon diamond, and complete the set. Max denies this and Lloyd leaves with a movie Max thinks he will learn something from. Lola at first suspects Max is getting ready for another job, but he convinces her he isn\'t because she chose that island. When she discovers the bullet is gone, she tells Max who panics. She tells him she\'ll get it back. She hires two masseuse to get it back and they succeed. She then tells Max to get rid of it. Burdett unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the frustrated detective Lloyd, showing him the pleasures that Paradise Island has to offer, even paying for the most expensive suite, the bridge suite, for as long as Lloyd was there. Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle. Despite his pleas of innocence, Burdett\'s curiosity gets the better of him and he starts casing the ship. However, not only does Lloyd suspect that he\'s ready for ‘one more’ job, so does the local thug, Henri Mooré  whose bodyguard threatens Burdett to give him a ride to his boss\' where he tries to get him to steal the diamond for him so he can extend his humanitarian business. Burdett, still wanting the diamond for himself, pretends to work with Mooré, and gives him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond . Stan however has teamed up with local police constible Sophie  to catch Burdett, and tails him to Junkanoo, a local parade, where Max loses him, warning that he shouldn\'t tail so closely before he is hit in the face by a tuba player swinging his tuba by Max\'s request. Lola kicks Max out after he breaks his promise to spend their first sunset on her new deck she had been working on and after she finds out he lied about writing his vows to her. Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their thoughts about each other\'s lives. The next morning, the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan\'s FBI license is suspended. Later, while eating breakfast, the two come up with a plan to get Sophie and Lola back, involving a scuba diving trip. Mooré\'s man prepares to attempt to steal the Napoleon diamond, providing a diversion for Burdett to steal it himself. He switches place with an accomplice. Lola later discovers this and cuts off Stan\'s air supply to keep him from learning it. Meanwhile Henri\'s man is caught and arrested and Max steals the diamond. He then returns and saves Stan before he dies. On land, Sophie gets the call about the diamond being stolen. Sophie searches Max, but finds nothing. Stan and she angrily leave, while Lola prepares to leave Max. However, she is stopped by Mooré, who threatens to kill her if Max doesn\'t tell him where the diamond is. Fortunately, Stan arrives and shoots him twice, killing him. Lola is nevertheless unfazed, and leaves Max anyway. After spending the night alone in their home, he realizes he wants her back, and catches her just before she leaves, promising her she is his only jewel from then on. He then proposes with "the first diamond I ever bought" in his words. She accepts on the condition that she get the receipt. The next day, Max is met by Stan while celebrating, who tells him he was never drunk the night Burdett had to bunk with him, and entails how he let Max do all the work while he later recovered the diamond. Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his life with and watch sunsets with Lola. However, he has fun with Stan when he tries to leave by remote controlling his car again, promising Lola it is the last time.'] ["Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling indiscretions and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He must now reassimilate into the town, renew his relationships with his family and friends  and, most of all, seek out his ex-wife to woo her again. Michael obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver. He almost seems the perfect prodigal son as he finds his niche back in the community and his way back into his ex-wife's heart. His troubles increase when he and Rachel are caught in the act by her hoodlum boyfriend Dundee. To get out of this predicament, Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Elizabeth Lipp  visiting Istanbul, where she sees a traveling fair featuring replicas of treasures from the Topkapı Palace. Next she cases the Topkapı, fascinated by the emerald-encrusted dagger of Sultan Mahmud I. Leaving Turkey, she recruits her ex-lover, Swiss master-criminal Walter Harper , to plan the theft. They engage Cedric Page , master of all things mechanical, and Giulio the Human Fly , a mute acrobat. Harper and Lipp then hire small-time hustler Arthur Simon Simpson  to drive a car into Turkey to transport hidden explosives and firearms for use in the burglary. Turkish Customs search the car, find the firearms, and conclude that the gang are plotting an assassination. They then recruit Simpson to spy on Harper and Lipp. Page, picking up the car in Istanbul, is told a police ruse that only the "importer" Simpson is permitted to drive it in Turkey. While traveling with the gang, Simpson leaves notes for his police handlers, but most of his intelligence is worthless. When an accomplice who was to have helped during the robbery is injured, Simpson is engaged as a substitute and confesses that the police are watching them. Harper arranges to give the police the slip. That evening, Harper, Simpson, and Giulio steal the dagger and leave a replica in its place. Unnoticed by the thieves, during the robbery a bird flies through the window they entered and is trapped inside the vault. The gang deliver the dagger to Joseph, proprietor of the traveling fair display, who will smuggle it out of the country. The gang members then go to police headquarters to "reveal" their discovery of weapons in the car. The inspector asks Simpson to vouch for Harper and Lipp\'s whereabouts that day. Simpson backs up their alibi; however, the inspector learns that the Topkapı alarm was triggered by the trapped bird. Simpson\'s notes to the police provide a connection between the gang and Joseph\'s replicas of the Topkapı treasures. The film closes with the gang in a Turkish prison, where Lipp begins to tell them of her fascination with the Russian Imperial Crown Jewels in the Kremlin.'] ['A discredited expatriate American professor, Theo Wilkins , has called on a young protégé and sophisticated thief, Paul Mason , to come over from the US to the south of France and help him pull off one final heist. He has masterminded a caper to steal $4,000,000 in French francs from the underground vault of the casino of Monte Carlo, Monaco. Wilkins has recruited a team of thieves -- including Melanie , an exotic dancer -- but he needs someone he can trust, Mason, to keep them all in line during the crime. The heist takes place on the night of a grand celebration at the casino. Melanie\'s protector, the saxophone player Poncho , and Wilkins enter the casino in the guises of  "Baron von Roelitz," an aristocrat with a disability who uses a wheelchair, and his physician, "Dr. Vidal." At the same time, Melanie, the safecracker Louis  and Mason attend the party with invitations procured by the gang\'s inside man at the casino, the meek assistant to the director, Le May , who is under Melanie\'s spell. Mason and Louis go out of a window, which Melanie shuts behind them, and make their way along a narrow ledge high above the sea to the casino director\'s office. From there, they descend by elevator to the vault four floors below. They cut through a barred gate in front of the vault and drill through the lock, secure the cash and make their way back to the director\'s elevator. Poncho\'s part of the plan is to ingest a cyanide capsule to simulate a heart attack. Afraid, he fails to do so, necessitating Wilkins to inject him with cyanide instead. Poncho collapses and Wilkins maneuvers the casino director ([[Sebastian Cabot , in the name of "discretion," into transporting "the baron" to his office. Here, Wilkins pretends to phone for an ambulance, and informs the director that the baron is dead. They leave the office with the inert baron in it. Immediately re-entering the director\'s office, Louis and Mason stash the money in the hollow seat of the baron\'s wheelchair. They then return along the ledge to the window into the casino, which Melanie has reopened for them, narrowly avoiding being caught by casino security. Louis and Melanie depart the party together, while Mason makes his way out separately. The "ambulance" summoned by Wilkins is in reality part of the plan, and is driven by the last accomplice, Fritz (Berry Kroeger}. Poncho is strapped into the wheelchair, taken to the side entrance of the casino and loaded into the ambulance. The conspirators then make their getaway. Just as Poncho is regaining consciousness in the back of the ambulance, Wilkins, smiling in the excitement of his success, peacefully and unexpectedly dies. Mason and Melanie drive him back to his hotel. Along the way, Mason breaks down and Melanie realizes that Wilkins was his father. Mason and Melanie decide they want no part of the stolen money. They return to the hideout, where the others are squabbling over how to split the take. Mason examines the money and discovers that it is brand new currency and that all the serial numbers are on file with the Bank of France, which will make it next to impossible to spend. Mason and Melanie, realizing that the others will be unable to resist spending the cash, will be caught and will implicate them, forcibly take the cash away and return it to the casino. Ironically, while returning the money they hit it big on the roulette table. Thus the two of them, who by now have decided to take their chances in life together, emerge as the only members of the gang to come out ahead.'] ['A local thief, Cosimo, is arrested for the attempted theft of a car. After he is sentenced and put in prison, he begins immediately on his escape by telling his partners that he has a plan for a heist but that he needs their help to be freed. In order to assure his release, they find an acquaintance named Peppe with a clean criminal record to take blame for the theft in the hopes that the police will release Cosimo. They instead have both of them jailed. While Peppe is in jail, Cosimo tells him the plans for the heist of a safe in a pawnshop. After revealing the plans, Peppe tells him that he got off merely with probation, leaving him free to pursue the heist without Cosimo, much to the chagrin of Cosimo. The heist entails the following: as the pawnshop is adjacent to a vacant apartment, they must first break into a small courtyard, climb onto the roof of another small apartment, and break in through a window of the vacant home. To accomplish this, they enlist the help of another local thief that is an expert on safes who tells them of a plan  to silence the alarm of the safe that they may break into it safely. While everything is planned, they discover that the vacant apartment has just become occupied by two spinsters and their young, attractive maid. Peppe learns from the young maid, with whom he flirts, that the two women never leave their apartment except on Thursday night. After arranging a date with the girl on this particular day, the group is distressed to learn that she quits her job and the women may in fact be there on the night. Meanwhile, a number of misfortunes are incurred by the group: Cosimo, who had since been released from jail, dies in a botched robbery; Mario, another of the group, bails on the plan in favor of a legitimate life for the sake of a beautiful girl, while another of the group is partially crippled after being attacked by the man whose camera he stole earlier for the purpose of daytime reconnaissance of the pawnshop. Despite this, they proceed with the plan anyway after learning that the women will not be in the apartment. Notwithstanding a number of bumbling entries, they gain entry into the apartment. After first boring a hole through a water pipe, they are forced to staunch the flow of water while remaining quiet after a night porter enters the apartment to make a call. After these obstacles, they bore another hole, this time knocking out a portion of the wall, revealing another room in the same apartment. After they realize their plan was miscalculated, they leave the apartment dejected - albeit as free men. Peppe then decides to find legitimate work, much to the surprise of an elderly member of the group. The film ends with a newspaper article recounting a robbery by unknown persons of an apartment for food'] ['The film revolves around three people - Lord Nicholas Dorset and his wife Britt, for whom luxury is a necessity, and their bank manager Mr. Graham. Over the years Mr. Graham has devised a plan to rob his own bank. His clients desperate financial straits make them ideal accomplices in his eyes, but to ensure their loyalty he makes love to Britt after sending her husband away, and bribes Nick with a retainer. The robbery scheme is dependent on timing and must be carried out on a Friday - the perfect Friday. With careful planning the simple, neat crime is eventually accomplished. But when their perfect crime has been completed each mistrusts the other - and with £300,000 at stake the three robbers have a lot to lose. It is noted for its snappy dialogue and charming chemistry between Baker and Andress. The underlying message of the film is about class in 1970s Britain. It has not yet been released on DVD.'] ["Melvin Smiley  is a hitman leading a secret life as well as maintaining two relationships, one with the demanding and demeaning Chantel , who doesn't accept his work, and another with Pam , who knows nothing of his job. Smiley is somewhat of a pushover, trying to appease all of Chantel's demands, even her most expensive wishes, as well as rolling over whenever one of his co-workers takes credit for his achievements. Perhaps as a result of his helplessness in asserting himself, throughout the early scenes Melvin is often seen drinking Maalox to relieve an incipient ulcer. Feeling underpaid for their work for mob boss Paris , the assassin team of Smiley, Cisco , Crunch , Vince , and Gump  take an independent job, kidnapping Keiko Nishi , the teenage daughter of local electronics magnate Jiro Nishi , for a hefty ransom. Unfortunately, the team does not realize that Nishi has recently gone bankrupt over his failed foray into motion pictures &mdash; and furthermore, their boss Paris is the girl's godfather. Enlisted by the group to hold Keiko, Smiley has to hide the bound and gagged schoolgirl on his property, attempting to keep her presence hidden from Pam and her family, who are coming for dinner. Smiley feels sorry for the girl, and relieves her from her bondage. In the ensuing hours they build up a rapport preparing dinner together, an act which leads into a love scene reminiscent of the pottery scene from Ghost, but which is cut short when Keiko attempts to escape. Ordered by Paris to discover the kidnappers of his god-daughter, a panicked Cisco kills Gump, but not before coaxing him into also implicating Melvin for the kidnapping. A team of assassins crash Smiley's dinner with Pam's family, leading to a shootout during which Smiley realizes Pam was going to break up with him under pressure from her stereotypically Jewish mother . Smiley and Keiko's feelings for each other lead them to form an awkward romance, and she and Smiley attempt to escape from the fiasco, pursued by Cisco. In the chaos, Smiley also happens to run into Chantel and finally takes the opportunity to stand up to her and end their relationship. An extended fight erupts, culminating at a video store where the ever-honest Smiley stops to return an overdue tape. Smiley kills Cisco, but not before Cisco arms an explosive device. Smiley leaves the building and is confronted by Keiko, her father and Paris. He re-enters the building, which explodes. Paris and Keiko, believing Smiley to be dead, call off the manhunt. Soon Smiley is revealed to have survived, sheltered from the blast by an enormous solid gold film stand-up made for the flop that destroyed Nishi's career. In the end of the film Smiley and Keiko are reunited and ride off together. Nishi recoups his losses by making a film out of the story of his daughter's kidnapping."] ['The film begins in medias res, with the suspects getting caught and being interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and the film continues forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation. Three years before getting caught, Bridget Cardigan  lived a comfortable upper middle class life until her husband Don Cardigan  was "downsized" from his position and sunk into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the housecleaner, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. On her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal worn-out dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina , who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie , who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to persuade Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly. The plan is that in the Secret Service room Bridget will switch a cart\'s official Master-brand lock with a near identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from the cart into a trash can before taking the cart to Nina, who then uses Bridget\'s key to open it and restores the official lock, and then proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the women\'s restroom. Their first robbery is a success though the take is not as big as they had hoped. However, they\'re emboldened to do it repeatedly. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and persuades Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught but they end up cutting in Barry, one of the security guards, who is attracted to Nina. A Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget\'s house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover , who is unwilling to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank as a matter of professional pride. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught. Bridget hires a tax attorney to defend them. The lawyer gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes, because neither the law enforcement, nor the examiner can prove that the large stash of cash in their homes came from the Federal Reserve Bank. Technically, it isn\'t illegal to have a couple hundred thousand dollars in cash lying around inside a private residence. However, they spent a large sum of that stolen cash to buy expensive objects and improvements on their houses, and did not pay the taxes for them because they couldn\'t justify the income. The IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal in amount to the money that still remains. Eight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she had stashed away much of the stolen money in the basement of a friend\'s bar.'] ['The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss. Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility, or, as his adversary Jake Parker puts it, "the loony bin." In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic\'s nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic\'s girl. Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey\'s close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco. Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization  and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all. Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic\'s child. Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up  living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.'] ['A gangster  with his accomplice , prepares to take part in the "first psychological hold-up in the history of crime". Next door to the jewellers of Van Cleef & Arpels, on the Croisette, in Cannes, the find the shop of a beautiful antiques dealer  who befriends the group. The driver and the antiques dealer fall in love. He is friendly but unrefined, she is cultivated and independent, but discovers that talking with Simon shows up her vanity, and she desires a simple and clean love. The hold-up which had been planned for a long time by the driver is shown to be more sophisticated than his methods of seduction.'] ["Four robbers hold up an armored truck, getting away with over a million dollars in cash. Joe Rolfe , a down-on-his-luck flower delivery truck driver is accused of being involved and is roughly interrogated by local police. Released due to lack of evidence, Joe, following the clues to a Mexican resort, decides to look for the men who set him up both to clear his name and to exact revenge. What he doesn’t know is that the heist involves a retired policeman who is also intent on revenge. The plot was inspiration for Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.{{cite book}}"] ['An aged gangster, Big Mac , is planning a robbery at a California resort casino. He wants the experienced Roy Earle , just released from an eastern prison by a governor\'s pardon, to lead the heist and to take charge of the operation. Roy drives across the country to a camp in the mountains to meet up with the three men who will assist him in the heist: Louis Mendoza , who works in the resort, plus Red ([[Arthur Kennedy  and Babe ([[Alan Curtis , who are already living at the camp. Babe has brought along a young woman, Marie . Roy wants to send Marie back to Los Angeles; but, after some argument, she convinces Roy to let her stay. Roy also is adopted by a small dog called Pard, played by Bogart\'s own dog, Zero. Marie falls in love with Roy as he plans and executes the robbery, but he does not reciprocate. On the drive up to the mountains, Roy met the family of Velma , a young woman with a deformed foot who walks with a limp. Roy pays for corrective surgery to allow Velma to walk normally. While she is recovering, Roy asks Velma to marry him; but she refuses, explaining that she is engaged to a man from back home. When Velma\'s fiancé arrives, Roy turns to Marie, and they become lovers. The heist goes wrong when they are interrupted by a security guard. Mendoza, Red, and Babe are involved in a car accident; Red and Babe die, and Mendoza talks to the police. While Roy and Marie leave town, a dragnet is put out for him, identifying him to the public as "Mad Dog Roy Earle". The two fugitives separate in order to allow Marie time to escape. Roy is pursued until he climbs one of the Sierra mountains, where he holes up overnight. Shortly after sunrise, Roy trades shots with the police. He hears Pard barking, runs out calling Marie\'s name and is shot dead from behind by a sharpshooter.'] ["Legendary bank robber Henry Manning pushes his luck too far and ends up in prison, where he suffers a massive stroke. He is transferred to a nursing home, in the care of Carol Ann McKay, a high school prom queen who married her boyfriend Wayne, the star of her school's football team, and whose glamour days are well behind her. Carol Ann starts to suspect that Henry isn't as sick as he seems, and she and Wayne are soon working with Henry to plan his last and greatest score."] ['The film\'s protagonist is Victor "Vic" Kelly, played by Christopher Walken, a struggling auto mechanic with a safe-cracking past and a lot of debt. When a supposed cousin from Ireland visits Vic, the alleged cousin sabotages one of Vic\'s auto repair jobs, to ensure Vic\'s desperation and participation in the robbery scheme introduced to Vic by neighborhood resident Pat, played by Donal Logue. Vic is too stubbornly proud to accept a loan from his bar-owner girlfriend, played by singer Cyndi Lauper, who offers Vic money that she was otherwise planning to use to renovate and remodel her neighborhood bar. Vic agrees to the robbery scheme, and goes to the armored courier service posing as a potential customer. Given a view of the facility, including being shown the triple combination-lock vault, Vic then goes to work on practicing his safecracking skills for the big day. The auto mechanic takes one last shot at the lucrative robbery - with his Irish cohort - to pay off his debts. We find out the cousin is not really a cousin. Vic becomes locked in the vault, while the fake cousin takes a bag of cash and makes his excape from the scene. The Irish cohort has a change of heart and returns to Vic with a bag of cash absconded from Vic at the scene at the crime. Vic can now afford to keep his elderly Aunt in her retirement home. There\'s enough money for Vic to be a good guy and give a cut to the two guards, who were in on the robbery with Vic, and had gotten fired. And Vic buys a juke box as a gift for his girlfriend\'s remodeled bar. A second bag of cash is taken from the vault by the armored-courrier service owner, who will report all the cash missing, and make false insurance and IRS claims. To protect his own scheme, the owner refuses to press charges against Vic. Vic finally experiences a bit of good luck for once in his life. The movie ends with Vic walking back to his girlfriend.'] ["The movie opens in a convenience store one late night, with a smalltime drug dealer named Nick  is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. His ex-lover Dallas  and fellow hitman Billy Hill  are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. Nick finally choose Chocolate Macadamia, but the dispenser is empty. He complains to the cashier, shooting her after she fails to adequately address his complaints, as well as a police officer who enters the store moments later. The next morning, Nick shows up on the doorstep of Casey Wells , an old partner from his days as a drug dealer in Los Angeles. Casey has cleaned up his life. He is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child with his wife. Nick leaves a couple of suitcases in Casey's guest room before leaving to run some errands. After Nick leaves, Casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin. After calling Nick to yell at him for bringing drugs into his home, he disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink. Ice , a Jamaican Rasta hitman, enters Casey's house and is about to kill him, but Casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke of marijuana. After having smoked, Ice is about to kill Casey when Ice's cell phone rings. Ice begins to rap over the phone in an effort to clinch a record deal, and Casey seizes the moment and knocks him out. Casey then ties him up and leaves him in his garage. A representative from the adoption agency comes to interview Casey about his fitness to be a father. The representative is particularly curious to know what Casey did for several years when he lived in L.A. as there is no account of his time there. Casey tries his best to cover up his past as well as his recent encounter with the hitman. During the interview, Dallas, who wants the money that she believes Nick left with Casey along with the heroin, shows up. She scares away the representative from the adoption agency by telling a story about Casey's drug-dealing and murdering past. When left alone with Casey, Dallas questions him about the money's whereabouts. Angry that he cannot help her, she decides to kill him. But not before she ties him up to a chair, fellates him to force an erection, gets naked and proceeds to mount and rape him. She tells him she will not kill him until he orgasms and she plans to go on until she makes him get an orgasm. Delivering on her word, she reaches multiple orgasms, but gets no results from him. While Dallas reaches a third orgasm, Hill breaks in and shoots her, splattering her blood all over Casey, his walls and his floor. Billy believes Casey when told that he does not have the heroin, but plans on torturing him with a saw and a blow torch anyhow, while he brags about his prowess and technique of cauterization as he sets to work. Hill is interrupted by cops ironically raiding the house next door. As Billy checks on it Casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down. Billy returns and tells Casey the cops got the wrong house. As he is about to proceed, he notices something is wrong. But catching Billy off guard, Casey overpowers him, and leaves him in the garage. Nick calls Casey from a pay phone, apologizes for everything and admits he had stolen the heroin and money from the police. After he hangs up, it is revealed to us that Nick has been shot, and is bleeding severely, seemingly about to die. Finally, a corrupt cop  arrives with a bag which contains Nick's head. He gives Casey until 7 p.m. to find the money but tells him that he does not care about the heroin. The cop then sees the garage with Ice and Billy tied up and Dallas dead and unloads a magazine into Ice and Billy. He then tells Casey to throw them out as it is garbage day. In the end, Casey calls Ice's boss and tells him that the heroin is being auctioned off at 7 p.m. at his house. He recalls Nick's earlier words which promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present in the spare tire of his car. He takes them, puts them in Dallas' Lamborghini Diablo car and goes to pick his wife up at the airport to presumably escape the country. The movie ends as we see the cops and the Jamaicans, both armed, about to meet each other at the house."] ['As he tries to access an ATM to retrieve his last twenty bucks, Jason “JINX” Taylor runs into a snag – the transaction fee will overdraw him, and he cannot get his money out of the bank. Jinx fumes about this and other hidden charges which complicate his life…as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault…with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica, her apparently a hostage. But, as Jinx rails against corporations and how they stack the deck, we realize that the situation is very different from what it appears: in fact, it is Jessica, not Jinx, who is robbing the bank. She is aligned with Simon, who leads an armed team inside the branch. However, Jinx’s entry into the scenario upsets the heist, leading him and Jessica to be inadvertently locked inside the vault. In addition, Jinx has called the cops, who, led by Officer De Gepse, have surrounded the bank. Jinx makes contact with Simon by cell phone, and the situation becomes clearer, as he realizes Jessica has access to a special inside-the-vault computer and its codes…she and only she can open the vault door. Simon becomes increasingly upset when he is unable to strong-talk Jinx into getting the vault open . And De Gepse is equally frustrated by the standoff, particularly when it is Jinx, not he, who seems to gain control over the situation. As things progress, Jinx realizes that he and Jessica actually think very much alike – they both feel used – and this new kinship leads them to plot an escape. A call comes in from Nick, the true mastermind of the robbery, and Jinx and Jessica realize that Nick needs them to issue a PIN for him to access funds which have been skimmed  over the course of years. With Simon increasingly unstable, Jinx is able to manipulate both him and De Gepse while also making a deal with Nick to provide a PIN  to go with Nick’s account information. Jinx manages to talk both cops and robbers into letting Jessica and him out, as freed hostages, and in the ensuing chaos, they slip away, to meet Nick and escape with their cut of the cash…'] ['Alonzo Hawk , is a ruthless billionaire who lives by replacing old buildings, some having historical significance, with skyscrapers and shopping malls. The newest and most ambitious of Hawk\'s projects is an indoor shopping center, the 130-storey Hawk Plaza in San Francisco, whose only obstacle is an archaic firehouse inhabited by "Grandma" Steinmetz , widow of its former owner, Fire Captain Steinmetz, and aunt of mechanic Tennessee Steinmetz , who appeared in The Love Bug; her displaced neighbor, flight attendant Nicole Harris ; and their sentient machines: Herbie the Love Bug, an orchestrion that chooses its own songs, and a retired cable car known as "Old No. 22". It is explained that Tennessee has gone to Tibet to visit his ailing philosophy teacher, while Herbie\'s former owner Jim Douglas ([[Dean Jones  has gone to Europe. Hawk has made numerous attempts at evicting Mrs. Steinmetz, intending to imprison her in a retirement home of his own making; but Hawk\'s lawyers have been unsuccessful in these attempts, and when his lawyer nephew Willoughby Whitfield  comes to visit him, Hawk sends him to Mrs. Steinmetz in their stead. Having met the firehouse\'s inhabitants, Willoughby becomes disillusioned and decides to return home to Missouri. Having lost him, Hawk attempts to capture Herbie; but when Hawk insults him, Herbie causes a series of traffic collisions and discards Hawk at his own office door, where Hawk orders his subordinates to capture Herbie again, followed by a Policeman giving Hawk several tickets for traffic offenses. While Herbie takes Mrs. Steinmetz to market, they are chased by Hawk\'s men; whereupon Herbie makes several daring escapes culminating in travel through the 1909 landmark Sheraton Palace Hotel and along a suspension cable on the Golden Gate Bridge, leaving Mrs. Steinmetz unaware of his activity throughout. Willoughby having decided to go home in disguise, he is convinced by Nicole to stay. On their return to the firehouse, they find that every item of furniture has been removed by Hawk; whereupon Mrs. Steinmetz, Willoughby, Nicole, and Herbie track the theft to a warehouse, which they invade to recover the furniture and whence they return, Mrs. Steinmetz riding "No. 22" while Nicole and Willoughby follow in Herbie. Piled into "No. 22" is Steinmetz\'s furniture, as well as a drunk named Judson , who thinks himself on a public cable car. Hawk pursues; but Herbie distracts him and later rescues Mrs. Steinmetz and Judson from a potential crash. Hawk thereafter recruits an independent demolition agent named Loostgarten ; while Mrs Steinmetz decides to confront Hawk herself. Accompanied by Willoughby, she drives Herbie onto the window-cleaning machine of Hawk’s skyscraper to reach his office, where Mrs. Steinmetz overhears a telephoned conversation with Loostgarten about the deal to demolish the firehouse and activates the window cleaning machine to fill the office with foam and water. This done, Herbie pursues Hawk around the building\'s perimetre until Mrs Steinmetz orders him to desist. Disguising his voice to resemble his uncle\'s, Willoughby directs Loostgarten to demolish Hawk\'s own house. Loostgarten then telephones Hawk to confirm the demolition, waking Hawk from several nightmares showing himself at the mercy of Herbie; whereupon Hawk gives confirmation, but belatedly realizes that he has condemned his own residence and attacks Loostgarten. In the morning, Hawk calls a truce with Mrs. Steinmetz, and thinking him sincere Willoughby and Nicole go for dinner, while Mrs. Steinmetz invites Judson to a similar meeting; but Hawk violates the truce by sending earthmovers to crush the firehouse and its inhabitants, prompting Herbie to go in search of Nicole and Willoughby. In the absence of Herbie, the only means of defense is an antique Fire hose, which Judson uses against the earthmovers. Having obtained Nicole and Willoughby, Herbie animates several other Volkswagen Beetles from various places in the city, with whom to frighten Hawk\'s men and ruin his scheme. Hawk is pursued from the grounds by Herbie, and later captured by the police; and later, Nicole and Willoughby are married, and ride Herbie through an arch formed by the other Volkswagen Beetles.'] ['Two detectives, Jack Welles  and Eddie Hatcher , investigate a daring heist by a group of well-organized bank robbers. The crew, led by Gordon Cozier , consists of John , A.J. , and brothers Jake  and Jesse ([[Chris Brown  Attica. The crew is without a former member, Ghost , who was caught during a previous robbery 5 years ago. In his absence, Jake has begun a relationship with his former girlfriend Lilly , who has accepted his proposal. Ghost surprises the crew after getting paroled. He insists he harbors no ill feelings toward the crew for abandoning him and draws them into a heist of an armored car for a $20 million dollar payoff. Meanwhile, Welles begins to zero in on some of the members of the crew and comes up with evidence that a second heist is in the making. They create a subway and call it "The Subway".They place bombs underneath the road,so when the armored truck passes above. The bombs will be detonated and the truck will fall through. During the heist Welles and Hatcher interrupt. Meanwhile the truck was stopped by the cops and it is a couple feet away from the spot where it is suppose to land ,but there is also another amored truck behind the first one with the money. So the crew is forced to go back up on the street, steal the second armored truck and push the first truck in the hole. A protracted chase ensues during which Jesse is cornered and he is forced to shoot Detective Hatcher in his escape. Despite his partner\'s best efforts, Hatcher dies from his wounds. Jesse reconvenes with the rest of the crew at a hotel room and admits to the shooting of Hatcher and this almost results in a confrontation between Jesse and Gordon. Russian gangsters immediately storm the room and attempt to gun down everyone present except for Ghost, who earlier snuck out through a window. Ghost had previously cut a deal with the Russian gangsters to kill his former crewmates in exchange for half of the heist\'s take. A.J. dies in the ensuing firefight but Jake manages to kill the Russians. Jake and Jesse return home where, to his horror, Jake finds Lilly\'s lifeless body. The police surround their home and shoot the two when they make a suicide charge outside. Gordon and John separate to make their escape but realize Ghost intends to take all of their money, which is being held by Scott , a well-connected fence. Ghost sneaks onto Scott\'s private plane and kills him, taking their laundered money in two large suitcases. Gordon and Detective Welles arrive and a three-way Mexican standoff results in which Ghost hits both Gordon and Welles. As Ghost prepares to finish off Gordon, John arrives and shoots him dead. He and an injured Gordon take the money and drive off, with Gordon\'s sister Naomi  in tow. A gravely-wounded Welles manages to call 911 for help on his cell phone. As John and Gordon drive off, John asks Gordon "Are we good?" and Gordon replies by saying "All signs point to it." . The film ends without revealing whether either Gordon or Welles survive their injuries.'] ["It concerns the lives of a group of misfits trying to find a happier life against the norms of society. Sutherland plays an ex-con with a passion for demolition derbies. He has wrecked almost every possible car, but violates his parole when confronted by a 1950 Studebaker. This embarrasses his brother, a politically ambitious district attorney . Fonda plays a prostitute with an off-on relationship with Sutherland's character. The gang tries to get an old Consolidated PBY Catalina plane flying, and much humor ensues. The film is notable for reprising the Fonda-Sutherland pairing, featured initially in the 1971 film Klute."] ['Three criminals have hatched a plan to rob an army barracks. The troops are about to be dispatched to take part in a war in the Middle East and there is believed to be a large amount of pay on the premises, to be shipped out with them. The gang enters an army barracks, disguised as soldiers and proceeds to the pay corps headquarters where, under the guise of maintenance work, they make sure that the alarms are disabled - which will give them time to make their escape once the robbery takes place. For the rest of the day they try to integrate themselves into the workings of the base, including being vaccinated for Overseas service, to avoid attracting attention. As night falls, they change into military police uniforms and head for the pay headquarters again, announcing on arrival that they have had reports of a fire. They begin searching the rooms. Starting a small blaze, they then order the premises to be evacuated. With the building empty, they break into the safe and steal over £100,000. Starting several fires to cover their activities, they then withdraw, carrying a fake casualty in a stretcher. As troops rush in from across the base to put out the fire, the men drive off to a secluded spot on the base where they had left an army truck. When an officer rings up the medics to check on the progress of the casualty, he is told nobody has arrived. Suspicious, he raises the alarm, and the whole camp is put on standby while the police are sent for. They are initially fooled into thinking the criminals have already left the camp. Meanwhile the crooks successfully manage to escape the camp by tailing onto the end of a convoy. As the authorities slowly awake to what has happened, military police are dispatched after the convoy. After the truck leaves the convoy, it is tracked down by the army, with the criminals seemingly cornered in a disused country barn. They try to make a break for it, using a flamethrower to clear their path. Initially successful, they manage to outrun the troops, before their truck explodes.'] ['In 1865 after the Civil War, Thomas Gates and his son Charles Carroll Gates are approached by John Wilkes Booth and Michael O\'Laughlen, both of them Knights of the Golden Circle. They ask Thomas, a skilled puzzle-solver, to decode a playfair cipher written in Booth\'s diary. O\'Laughlen stays with Thomas as Booth leaves to assassinate President Abraham Lincoln. Just as Thomas discovers the message is a map to Cíbola, the fabled City of Gold, pandemonium arises in the streets from the President\'s assassination. Thomas realizes that Booth and O\'Laughlen are still loyal to the South, tears the pages from the diary, and tosses them into a fire before O\'Laughlen can shoot him. O\'Laughlen only manages to save a partial page from the fireplace before escaping, while Thomas\' dying words to Charles are "the debt that all men pay". The film then shifts to modern day , where Benjamin Gates, Thomas\'s great-great-grandson, is retelling Thomas\' story at a Civilian Heroes conference. He and his father Patrick Gates are publicly accosted by Mitch Wilkinson, a black market dealer who has come into possession of the diary page, which appears to link Thomas to Booth and Lincoln\'s assassination. Ben determines to solve the puzzle on the page to restore Thomas\' legacy. Special Agent Sadusky of the FBI finds it suspicious that a black market dealer like Mitch would suddenly come forward with a rare Civil War artifact. Ben’s technology-savvy friend Riley Poole just had his Ferrari impounded when he was giving out his government conspiracy books then later meet up with Ben. Ben and Riley discover the cipher on the diary page that says Laboulaye Lady, which points to a hidden inscription on the scale model of the Statue of Liberty on the Île aux Cygnes in Paris, thanks to Thomas\' last words. The inscription points to the two Resolute desks, one of which is in the Queen\'s chambers in Buckingham Palace, the other in the Oval Office of the White House. Ben is unaware that Mitch is following in his footsteps, using a clone of Patrick\'s cell phone to intercept messages. In London, Ben discovers that Patrick has sent Ben\'s ex-girlfriend Abigail Chase to help. They are able to sneak into the Queen\'s quarters and find that the Resolute desk acts as a puzzle box, revealing a hidden compartment with a centuries-old plank of wood with indecipherable hieroglyphics on it. Ben then manages to photograph it before Mitch and his men steal it after a car chase through London. Patrick indicates the plank leads to Cíbola, the City of Gold. History says that in 1527 explorers came to the New World to search for Cíbola after its first discovery, but never could find it. Ben convinces Patrick to help them arrange a meeting with Dr Emily Appleton, Ben\'s mother and Patrick\'s ex-wife. Emily is able to translate part of the plank but states that the message is incomplete. Abigail uses her current boyfriend Conner, a member of the White House staff, to allow Ben to sneak into the Oval Office, but Ben finds the Resolute desk compartment empty, save for a symbol  representing the supposed "Book of Secrets". Riley asserts that the Book is real, having himself just written a book on its existence, and claims that it contains the truth behind many conspiracy theories such as the missing 18½ minutes of the Watergate tapes, Area 51 coup d\'état, Apollo program, and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. However, traditionally the only person to know the whereabouts of the Book of Secrets is the current President himself, since it\'s for Presidents\' eyes only. Ben and his team manipulate events to assure that the President\'s birthday celebration occur at Mount Vernon, allowing Ben to sneak in and lure the President alone to a set of disused tunnels. Ben then blocks off the entrance, trapping the President alone with him so that they can talk about the Book of Secrets. Though the President warns Ben that he will be charged with kidnapping the President, he is sympathetic to Ben\'s cause and provides him with the Book\'s location at the Library of Congress. Ben, Abigail, and Riley locate the Book as the FBI, including Sadusky, surround the building. In the Book they find that President Calvin Coolidge had found the other half of the plank in 1924 and destroyed it, after taking a photo . He also ordered Gutzon Borglum to carve Mount Rushmore into a hill to erase the landmark indicated on the plank, in order to protect Cíbola. As Ben and his team elude the FBI, he sends an image of the plank to Patrick to give to Emily to decode, unaware that Mitch has intercepted this and is waiting for Patrick. Emily is forced to lie to Patrick about the inscription\'s meaning, but is able to give him a non-verbal cue of this falsehood. Ben, Patrick, Abigail and Riley arrive at Mount Rushmore, prepared to deal with Mitch, but find that Mitch has brought Emily along, using her as a hostage to ensure Ben follows the final clues on an old letter sent from Queen Victoria to Confederate general Albert Pike. Ben is able to find the secret entrance, and the group avoids several traps before arriving at the underground site of Cíbola, the City of Gold. As they explore, they accidentally cause the cave to flood with water from a lake above. The only means of escape is through a drainage door that must be held open on one side to allow the rest to escape and closed afterwards, trapping the one controlling the door. Mitch initially forces Ben to sacrifice himself, but after a surge of water, Mitch finds himself holding the door open. He apologizes to Ben for doubting his family, and requests that part of this discovery be in his name. Ben and the others escape safely. Ben and his friends are met by Sadusky and taken to a nearby military base. Ben is cleared of kidnapping by the President himself, who claims that Ben rescued him after the tunnel closed accidentally. Sometime later, Cíbola\'s discovery is announced, with Ben, his team, and Mitch given credit for its discovery. Thomas Gates\' name is cleared and he is called a hero of the Civil War. Patrick and Emily, happily working together, eagerly take to the task of analyzing Cíbola once it is drained of water. Ben and Abigail rekindle their broken relationship at Mount Rushmore, while Riley is given his Ferrari back by the President, "tax free". The only mystery remaining is what the President asks Ben to decipher on Page 47 in the closing scene.'] ['The film opens at a convenience store early in the morning. Juan, a con artist, successfully scams the cashier, but later messes up by attempting the same scam again on the next shift. Marcos, who has been observing the whole time, steps in pretending to be a police officer and takes Juan away. As soon as they are far enough from the shop, Marcos tells Juan he is not actually a cop but a fellow con man. Juan asks Marcos to show him the ropes, because his father, also a con man, is in jail and he needs to raise money quickly to bribe a judge to reduce his father\'s sentence from 10 years to 6 months. Then a rare scheme seemingly falls into their laps: Sandler, a former business associate of Marcos, needs his help to sell counterfeit copies he made of some rare stamps called "The Nine Queens". The potential mark is Gandolfo, a rich Spaniard who is facing deportation and desperate to smuggle his wealth out of the country. He has no time to fully check if the stamps are authentic but he hires an expert to do a quick check and is satisfied. He offers $450,000 for the stamps, the exchange to take place that evening. In the intervening time, a number of things go wrong. The stamp expert demands a cut, as he knew the stamps were in fact forged. The fake stamps are then stolen out of Juan and Marcos\' hands by crooks on motorcycles who, unaware of their value, destroy them by tossing them into a river. To salvage the scheme, Marcos approaches Sandler\'s widowed sister, the owner of the real stamps, who agrees to sell them for $250,000. Marcos can put up $200,000 and asks Juan to contribute the remaining $50,000. Juan suspects that he is being scammed, as it\'s a remarkable coincidence that Marcos needs just the amount that Juan has saved up; but as the $50,000 is not enough to help his father, he reluctantly agrees. They buy the real stamps and go to Gandolfo\'s hotel, but he says he has changed his mind and will now only buy the stamps if he also gets to sleep with Marcos\' sister Valeria, a hotel employee. Valeria\'s price is that Marcos must confess to their younger brother how he cheated him out of an inheritance. Gandolfo pays for the stamps with a certified check, but the bank crashes the next day, making the check worthless. It appears that Juan and Marcos are both ruined, but the final scene is a surprise ending. Juan goes to a warehouse, where he greets the motorcycle thieves, Sandler and his sister, Gandolfo, and Juan\'s fiancée Valeria — revealing that the real scam was to swindle Marcos out of $200,000 as revenge for all the times he cheated his family and his partners.'] [' Slim , Frank , Otis  and Alex  are a group of youthful bank robbers who commit their crimes anonymously and in innovative ways involving extreme sports such as skating and snowboarding. The group evade capture from the police, led by Lieutenant Macgruder , and plan even more daring robberies. But an anonymous individual seems to know who they all are and threatens to inform the police unless they undertake a robbery for him. Subsequently, the Mafia, represented by underworld enforcer Surtayne , instruct the group to work for them, otherwise they will be killed. At the same time, Slim becomes romantically involved with Karen , a detective who distrusts Lieutenant Macgruder and believes that he is not doing all he can to find the bank robbers and bring them to justice. Ultimately Slim, the leader and brains of the group, hatches a plan for their final retirement: five consecutive burglaries, in five days, involving 20 million dollars. In the process of executing the robberies, the group turn the tables on the anonymous individual  and the Mafia and escape with all of the money that they have stolen, to a foreign country. Karen comes to realise that Slim is one of the bank robbers but consoles herself with the arrest of Lieutenant Macgruder, as Otis had managed to plant some of the stolen money in his office while posing as a cleaner.'] ['A prison inmate  receives early release only to immediately rejoin his former criminal comrades in a heist. In the hour or so he rekindles a romance with an old flame  and realizes the "good ol\' days" with his partner in crime  just might not have been so good.'] ['Long-time friends Bacon , Soap , Tom , and Eddy  put together £100,000 so that Eddy, a genius at cards, can buy in to one of Harry "The Hatchet" Lonsdale\'s  weekly high-stakes three card brag game. Harry learns that Eddy is a card savant from his bodyguard Barry "the Baptist" . Knowing that he cannot win he decides to fix the game. He does so by having Barry watch a feed from a camera hidden behind Eddy, and reveal Eddy\'s card values to Harry by a system involving a device hidden on Harry\'s leg. Eddy loses not only his £100,000 buy-in, but an additional £400,000 that Harry bullied him into borrowing to play out the biggest pot of the night. Harry demands repayment within a week. Knowing that Eddy and the others have slim chances of raising half a million pounds within a week, he pulls Eddy\'s father\'s bar into the deal as an alternative, in an attempt to get his own revenge on Eddy\'s father. Barry the Baptist tells Eddy that he will remove a finger from each of the four friends for every day the debt is overdue. After several days with no luck acquiring the funds, Eddy returns home and overhears his neighbours, a gang of thieves led by a man named Dog, planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs. Eddy relays this information to the group, intending for them to rob the neighbours as they come back from their heist. They install taping equipment to record the conversations of their neighbours. Tom acquires a pair of antique shotguns from an underground dealer, known as Nick "the Greek" , who also strikes a deal with Rory Breaker , a gangster and sociopath, to buy the stolen drugs. Nick had purchased the guns from a pair of bungling small-time criminals, Gary and Dean , who had stolen them from a bankrupt lord as part of a job for Harry Lonsdale, not realizing that of the entire stolen firearms collection, his only desire was the two antique shotguns. After learning the guns had been sold, an enraged Barry threatens the two into getting them back. The neighbours\' heist gets under way; despite a gang member being killed by his own Bren Gun, and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden , the job is a success. On returning to their flat, the gang is ambushed by the four friends, who take the loot and return later that night to stash the goods next door, before celebrating with a wild night of drinking. Rory discovers that the drugs he was going to purchase were stolen from him, as the marijuana growers were in his employ. Rory interrogates Nick into revealing where the four friends live, and enlists one of the chemists to identify the robbers. Meanwhile, furious about their loss, Dog throws one of his men through the wall of their flat and discovers the taping equipment and eventually the stolen goods. While he counts the money, his men prepare an ambush. Gary and Dean, trying to recover the antique shotguns, call Nick, who directs them to the same address, while Big Chris , Harry\'s debt collector, departs with his son to the same destination, and the four friends drive home from the bar. Rory and his gang assault the flat and have a shootout with the neighbours, resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist, the latter taking off with the marijuana. Dog is mugged by Big Chris of the shotguns and money during his escape; Gary and Dean spot Big Chris with the guns and hastily follow him, while the four friends return to find their loot missing. Big Chris gives the guns and cash to Harry, but on his return finds Dog threatening to kill his son if he doesn\'t retrieve the loot. Desperate to get the guns, Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry at their office, realizing their mistake as they kill each other. The four friends arrive, find everyone dead, and take the cash back. Big Chris suddenly crashes into their car to disable Dog, then brutally bludgeons him to death with his car door. He takes the debt money back from the unconscious friends but allows Tom to leave with the antique shotguns. The friends are arrested, but declared innocent after the traffic warden identified Dog\'s dead gang as the prime suspects. The four reunite at Eddy\'s father’s bar and decide that Tom should dispose of the shotguns, which are the only remaining pieces of evidence that links them to the crimes. After Tom leaves, Big Chris arrives to admit he is keeping the debt money for himself and his son, but instead gives them an antique guns catalogue, which reveals that the antique shotguns were each worth a fortune. They quickly call Tom, and the film ends in a both literal and figurative cliffhanger when Tom’s mobile phone starts ringing as he hangs over the side of a bridge, preparing to drop the shotguns into the River Thames and he has to decide whether to answer the phone or drop the guns into the river.'] ['London-based gangster George Thomason  and his right-hand man, Ken Pile , a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter, plan a jewel heist. They bring in two Americans to help: an alluring con artist, Wanda Gershwitz  and their "weapons man" Otto West , an Anglophobe who fancies himself as an intellectual. Wanda and Otto are lovers, but hide this fact from George and Ken, pretending to be brother and sister, so Wanda can work her charms on them. The robbery goes well, with the thieves getting away with a large sum in diamonds. The only problem is that they are briefly spotted during their getaway by an old lady walking her dogs. The group then hide the loot in a safe in an old warehouse. Soon after, Wanda and Otto betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the loot, only to find that George and Ken have moved it to an unknown location. Wanda, who was planning to double-cross Otto as well, decides to seduce George\'s unhappily married lawyer, Archie Leach , to find out where the diamonds are located. Otto becomes insanely jealous, and his interference, combined with incidences of bad luck, lead Wanda and Archie\'s liaisons to go disastrously wrong. Archie eventually calls off their attempted affair. Meanwhile, George gives Ken the task of killing the old lady, the Crown\'s only eye witness. During his various attempts to kill her, the animal-loving Ken accidentally kills off her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one. This causes him grief, as well as grave bodily harm as each attempt goes wrong. However, the witness suffers a fatal heart attack when her last Terrier is killed, and Ken is ultimately successful in his mission. Wanda and Otto want George to remain in jail, but with no witness he may get off. During the course of George\'s trial, Wanda gives evidence that will lead to a conviction rather than an acquittal. Archie, stunned by the unexpected turn in her evidence, flubs his cross-examination and inadvertently calls her "darling". Enraged, George starts a brawl that leads to everyone fleeing the courtroom. Archie\'s wife Wendy  is sitting in the observer\'s area, and Archie\'s antics confirm her suspicions of his affair . After George is taken into custody, she confronts Archie and states that she plans to divorce him. With his career ruined and his marriage about to end, Archie resolves to cut his losses, find the loot, and flee with Wanda to South America. Promised less jail time, George tells Archie that Ken knows the location of the diamonds. As he is leaving to question Ken, Archie picks up Wanda while she attempts to flee the courthouse. Archie tells her he knows that Ken is aware of the hiding spot, and Wanda counters by noting she has the key to the safe deposit box. While the courtroom drama is unfolding, Otto has been trying to get Ken to reveal the location of the diamonds. He tortures Ken by eating the fish in his aquarium one-by-one, leaving the fish called Wanda until the end. In the process, Ken accidentally mentions the location of the diamonds at a hotel near Heathrow Airport. Otto is leaving just as Archie runs into the building; Otto steals Archie\'s car, taking Wanda with him. Ken tells Archie, as quickly as he can given his stutter, where they are going. The two give chase. The protagonists all end up in Heathrow. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds, but Wanda quickly double-crosses Otto and locks him in a cupboard. Otto escapes and is briefly captured by Archie, only to turn the tables. He is about to kill Archie, but Archie manages to distract Otto by pointing out that Americans are not always winners - as shown by their loss to North Vietnam in the Vietnam war. While they are arguing, Otto is run over by a steamroller driven by Ken, seeking vengeance for the live fish Otto ate. Archie joins Wanda on board the plane, which taxis for takeoff. Through the plane window, Otto  curses them until, as the plane takes off, he finally drops off.'] ['A bank temporarily housed in a mobile home while a new building is built, looks like an easy target to break into. On the other hand, why not steal the whole bank, and rob it in a safer location?'] ['Five friends  are set to sit for the daunting nationwide university entry exam. Desperate to get a passing grade, they try to pool their resources together and enlist the services of a professional thief/assassin  for hire to steal the papers. All five of them have good reasons to do so. For Mert, it is essential to get into university, as he promised to his mother dying of cancer. He is the head of the family, working hard to make a living, even stopped attending school. Because of that, Mert surely cannot pass the entrance exam, so he needs to find other ways. He is in love with Gamze, whom he had cheated on before and so the girl doesn\'t approve of him anymore. Gamze\'s parents are in a continuous fight with each other which frustrates the young girl, making her want to flee from home - she needs to get into a university. Sinan\'s police officer father treats him badly, sure if he cannot pass the exam his cruel father would beat him up. The honest and good student Kaan is under pressure also by his family who want him to be a doctor - but no matter much he works, it is never enough for his maximalist father, not to mention Kaan doesn\'t want to be a doctor but rather would like to become a bass guitarist. Uluç\'s father is always telling his son to study, not to become a poor man like himself. First the friends try the legal way of getting things done: study. But however hard they study, they cannot please their parents. It seems to be impossible to study for their lessons and for the exam as well, which demands different knowledge. They - and especially outcast Mert - are also harassed by the corrupt headmaster, Rafet, who only wants to make as much money out of extra lessons given to the students, as much is possible. The only person who wants to do good for the school is Zeynep, the assistant of the headmaster. The friends finally decide to steal the Mathematics test from the teacher\'s bag, when she is out to lunch. They precisely plan the operation and finally succeed. Nonetheless they discover that this won\'t help them at the ÖSS, the university entrance exam. So Sinan, frustrated by his policeman father\'s corruptness, tells the others to plan the stealth of the exam papers as well. First they visit a former student of their school, Levent, who has become a famous and wealthy man and was rumoured to have been close to steal the ÖSS exam papers. He senses their plans and tells them off, offering the worried Zeynep his help to teach a lesson to the guys. So the heroes have to find another way. Uluç tells them a story how he saved the life of a British secret agent when he was a little boy and how he got a cup from this Charles as a reward, telling Uluç that he "is obliged to him". So Uluç keeps sending emails to every Charles in Britain hoping to find the agent. Finally he gets an answer from the Charles he was seeking. The friends start collecting money  to pay for Charles\'s expenses and invite him to steal the exam papers. Charles  arrives and tells his plan of the stealth. He enters the building at night and manages to steal the documents and give them to the overjoyed students. Kaan, however, refuses to have a look at the papers, he says that his sense of honesty doesn\'t allow this. He had studied hard and done the questions of the previous year\'s exam. The others start memorising the answers and finally the "great day" arrives and they sit for the exam. The parents are waiting outside for the results, proudly watching their children enter the exam building. As soon as they start reading the questions they realise that they are different from what Charles had given them. It turns out that Charles is really Jean-Claude Van Damme , and that he was asked to play for the role of Charles by Levent, the wealthy former student of their school, as he and Jean-Claude are old friends. So the students - except Kaan, who really did study - are taught a very difficult lesson about honesty and fairplay. In the end we see Mert\'s mother fall off the bench in the park opposite the window at which Mert is sitting. Mert hurriedly leaves the exam and runs out only to find his mother dead. The film ends with Mert taking his dead mother into his arms. Throughout the film we can see moments of a horserace - the rush for the university entrance is like a race for horses where only the best fed and best trained horses can win and the jockeys do everything to rush the horses, just like the teachers and parents push the children. The film shows how important the university entrance exam is in Turkey and how frustrating this "race" is for these 18-year-old young people, that the system is unfair and far from sufficient, as Levent says to Zeynep when talking about \'crime and punishment\': "Have you ever wondered why our students are not taught Dostoyevski? Because their minds might awake".'] ['Two clumsy French thieves, Anatole and Arthur, plan a spectacular heist : the attack of a freight train which carries from Paris to Brussels the secret funds of NATO. They don\'t know that another team is planning the same attack, the same one which performed the Glasgow-London Great Train Robbery; the team is headed by "The Brain" , a British criminal mastermind whose massive brain is so heavy that, when he has a strong emotion, he cannot keep his head upright. The Brain has also a deal with the Sicilian mafia.'] ['{{Plot}} The story begins on Christmas with two foster brothers John  and Charlie  who work as transit cops, patrolling a subway in New York City. When a mugging occurs, and John and Charlie chase the mugger into the subway tunnel, all trains traveling in their direction are halted. But the harsh transit captain Donald Patterson ([[Robert Blake , allows the money train  to continue stating "nothing stops the money train". John and Charlie survive getting hit by the train, however when the transit police at the next station witness the mugger running to the train, they shoot the mugger dead thinking the incident to be a robbery. The mugger is revealed to be a young teenage boy, which creates a brawl between John, Charlie, and the other transit offices, so as a result Patterson blames to the two for causing his money train to arrive late taking it as a personal sign of disrespect. After leaving the station, Charlie asks John to borrow some money in order to buy him a Christmas present. When John accepts, Charlie instead uses the money to pay off his gambling debts to the sleazy night club owner Mr. Brown. When the deal does not go as planned, Mr. Brown intends to have Charlie killed by throwing him off the edge of the building, but John bursts in and interrupts the process. John tells Mr. Brown that he has the money for him that Charlie already owes him, but Mr. Brown reveals to John that Charlie is in $15,000 in debt. John makes an agreement to have the money delivered to him within several days and to pay Mr. Brown the $300 he has brought, but have no harm done to Charlie. Mr. Brown accepts and lets Charlie live. During their night shift, John and Charlie are introduced to Grace Santiago , a decoy transit officer just assigned to their unit who both brothers immediately take a liking to. During their patrol, a serial killer known as the Torch ([[Chris Cooper  robs a station pay booth, then sets it on fire after spraying it with gasoline. John and Charlie both rescue the pay booth worker and put out the fire, but the Torch manages to escape. Afterwards John, Charlie, and Grace take the rest of the afternoon off at the local bar, where Charlie reveals his plan to rob the money train in order to pay off their debts. John does not agree with the situation, saying it to be impossible. Later that night, the two brothers and Grace are assigned to patrol the money train which the other officers do not feel comfortable with. While Charlie discovers a metal grate in the floor along with a ladder leading out to Central Park, a brawl breaks out between John and another officer over who was standing in his position, causing the entire squad getting involved. Patterson again blames the two for the incident and also rudely accuses them for the loss of some money when the train arrived, but even after it is found that a collection agent miscounted the money, Patterson still continues to be harsh towards them. At the local bar, Charlie tells John that robbing the money train would still work and that the best time would be on New Year\'s Eve, not only because the subway security will be loosened, but it is the time when the subway makes highest profit during the year: up to $500,000. The plan involves entering the train through the metal grate when the train has stopped, driving it to the maintenance ladder, and escaping into Central Park. John doesn\'t find it right to steal and while he proceeds to buy a drink, sees Grace dancing in the back ally where two agree to share a dance together, but John abruptly ends the dance and goes back into the bar. When John and Grace meet later at a local gym, Grace asks why he left her last night which was because he was worried about Charlie. Later that day, John gives Charlie a gift that he had been saving for him; the $15,000 that he needs to payback Mr. Brown. In the train, an old lady bumps into Charlie. Charlie helps her and as the next station approaches he spots a guy stealing a man\'s wallet. Charlie handcuffs the robber to overhead bar and while he advises the victim about what\'s the safest place to keep valuables, he realizes that the old lady made away with his $15000. But it\'s too late and the train continues its journey while Charlie sees the old lady hastly exiting the station. Charlie comes back home dejected and when he looks at John\'s house from his window, he sees Grace and John sleeping together. John notices this and while he tries to explain, Charlie walks off saying he\'s happy for him, although he feels like a loser. One evening an ambush is setup to nab Torch, where Grace disguises to be the attendant at the station pay booth. Torch notices this and to distract all the officers, pushes a policeman onto a running train. John leaves Charlie to keep an eye on Grace, and proceeds with the other officers to the spot where the policeman was killed. Torch then returns to the booth and sprays gasoline on Grace. Charlie fails to notice this as he keeps looking at the accident spot. But before Torch could light her up, Charlie alerts the other officers and shots are fired at Torch. Torch starts running and is chased by Charlie and John. John pursues him into another station and gets into a brawl with Torch. In the fight, Torch gets burnt due to the gasoline he\'s carrying and while he tries to ram into John, he\'s pushed onto a moving train. Patterson fires Charlie for all the commotion that was caused during the chase and when John speaks in favor of Charlie, he fires John too. Charlie decides to go ahead with his robbery plan and to let John know about this leaves him a gift at the bar. The gift is the money train model that Charlie had earlier stolen from Patterson. John is reluctant to do anything about this but Grace persuades him to save Charlie from trouble. When the money train stops at one of the stations; Charlie enters the train from beneath it and rides away leaving all the officers behind. Charlies stops the train near the maintenance ladder and while he tries to escape with the money, spots a group of policemen and hence is unable to escape. Meanwhile John reaches the train and persuades him to drive further to prevent being arrested. Knowing that Patterson will anyway direct his team to trip the train\'s brakes, the duo agrees to bleed the brakes. Patterson then orders steel barricades to stop the train. But John increases the speed to its maximum so that the train smashes the barricade. With no more options left, Transit control officer Kowalski  calls the money train a runaway and starts clearing tracks. But instead, Patterson diverts the money train onto a track that is occupied by a passenger train believing that the brothers will have no choice to but to stop when they see the other train ahead. But since the money train can\'t stop the resulting impact would cause a derailment killing the lives of people which Patterson takes no interest in. The train is now on full speed, without brakes and heading for danger. The brothers decide that the only option left is to put the train on reverse but doing so will definitely derail the money train killing both of them but allowing the others to live. Charlie comes up with an idea and positions an iron bar in such a way that the next time the money train rams the other train, the bar trips the reverse lever. Both of them climb on top of the train and proceed to the front. Once the train rams,the reverse level is activated and both brothers jump across to the other train as the money train derails, spinning through the tunnel and crashes in a huge wreck with Patterson watching in horror. Both of them try to escape through the commotion but are spotted by Patterson  They pretend to have come to help him, but Patterson rudely insults them. Fed up by his constant behaviour towards them, the brothers take their revenge and punch Patterson across the face. As he shouts out to his team to arrest them for assault, Grace comes rushing and arrests Patterson for endangering the lives of innocent people. When the two brothers exit the station they are right on Times Square where the countdown for the New Year has just begun. John, while hugging Charlie, realizes he has stuffed himself with a money bag amounting to $536,435.'] ['Burglar John "Duke" Anderson is released after ten years in prison. He renews his relationship with his old girlfriend, Ingrid. She lives in a high-class apartment block  in New York City and Anderson, almost instantly, decides to burgle the entire building in a single sweep&nbsp;— filling a furniture van with the proceeds. He gains financing from a nostalgic Mafia boss and gathers his four-man crew. Also included is an old ex-con drunk, "Pop", whom Anderson met in jail, and who is to play concierge while the real one is bound and gagged in the cellar. Less welcome is a man the Mafia foists onto Anderson&nbsp;— the thuggish "Socks". Socks is a psychopath who has become a liability to the mob and, as part of the deal, Anderson must kill him in the course of the robbery. Anderson is not keen on this, since the operation is complicated enough, but is forced to go along. Anderson has unwittingly entered a world of pervasive surveillance&nbsp;— the agents, cameras, bugs, and tracking devices of numerous public and private agencies see almost the entire operation from the earliest planning to the execution. As Anderson advances the scheme, he moves from the surveillance of one group to another as locations or individuals change. These include a private detective hired to eavesdrop on Anderson\'s girlfriend who is also the mistress of a wealthy man; the BNDD, who are checking over a released drug dealer; the FBI, investigating Black activists and the interstate smuggling of antiques; and the IRS, which is after the mob boss who is financing the operation. Yet, because the various federal, state and city agencies performing the surveillance are all after different goals, none of them is able to "connect the dots" and anticipate the robbery. The operation proceeds over a Labor Day weekend. Disguised as a Mayflower moving and storage crew, the crooks cut telephone and alarm wires and move up through the building, gathering the residents as they go and robbing each apartment.  However, the son of two of the residents is a paraplegic and asthmatic who is left behind in his air-conditioned room. Using his amateur radio equipment, he calls up other radio amateurs, based in Hawaii, Portland, Maine and Wichita Falls, who contact the police.There is an obvious error, as Wichita Falls is said to be in Kansas, not Texas. Obviously, the screenwriter confused it with Wichita, Kansas. The alarm is thus raised, after some problems as to which side  should take the phone bill. As the oblivious criminals work, the police array enormous forces outside to prevent their escape and send a team in via a neighboring rooftop. In the shootout that follows, Anderson kills Socks, but is himself shot by the police. The other robbers are killed, injured or captured, but none gets away with it. Pop gives himself up after letting the police believe that he is the real concierge for a while. Having never adapted to life on the outside, he looks forward to going back to prison. In the course of searching the building, the police discover some audio listening equipment left behind by the private detective who was hired to check up on Ingrid. While organizing the robbery, Anderson met various people who were under similar surveillance for other reasons by various government agencies . To avoid embarrassment over the failing to realize what was going on and that some of the recordings were illegal, the agencies order the tapes to be erased.'] ['The criminal mastermind Erwin "Doc" Riedenschneider is out of prison. Doc has a keen eye for detail, not to mention an eye for a pretty girl. He has been planning a “caper” – a jewel heist, outlined by a fellow inmate when they were “behind the walls” for the previous seven years. In an unnamed Midwest city, Doc goes to the betting parlor of a mid-level bookie called "Cobby." He requests to be put in touch with Alonzo Emmerich, a crooked lawyer. It is his understanding that Emmerich is the kind of man who can be approached with such operations and has the money to finance them. Emmerich attentively listens. Doc says he will need $50,000 to hire a team of men to carry out the burglary. Emmerich agrees on the condition that he  should receive the jewels directly, pay off Doc, then be responsible for the disposal of the gems. Emmerich would therefore need to come up with an immediate $500,000 in cash to pay off Doc. Doc\'s hand-picked gang consists of Dix Handley, a hooligan from Kentucky who will provide the necessary muscle; Gus Minissi, a hunchbacked diner owner who is hired as the getaway driver, and Louie Ciavelli, a professional safecracker. Cobby will act as the go-between. Dix explains his ultimate goal to Doll Conovan, who is clearly in love with him. He sees the heist as a means to finance his dream of buying back the horse farm that his family lost during the Great Depression. During the meticulously planned crime , the criminals confidently carry out their work in a calm manner. Ciavelli pounds through a brick wall, breaks into the jewelry store, deactivates the door\'s alarm and lets in the other thieves, then heads to the main safe. With care, he slides flat on his back under the electric-eye system, picks the gate\'s lock, drills holes into the safe\'s door, gingerly opens a corked bottle of nitroglycerin  and sets off a charge on the safe. Unfortunately for the crooks, the explosion sets off the alarms of several nearby businesses and brings the police to the scene more quickly than expected. A second unexpected mishap occurs when a security guard drops his gun after being struck by Dix, causing the gun to discharge and wound Ciavelli. The men get away and a police manhunt begins. Under increasing pressure from his commanding officer, a corrupt cop named Ditrich beats Cobby into confessing and fingering the other crooks involved. Emmerich, meanwhile, double-crosses Doc and the thieves. He is broke and needs the money, not only for himself but to satisfy the expensive tastes of his young, gorgeous mistress, Angela Phinlay, who calls him "Uncle Lon." A tough private detective named Bob Brannom is willing to back Emmerich\'s betrayal for a 50-50 split. Doc had heard Emmerich was having financial difficulties and foresaw this possibility, which is why he brought Dix to the payoff. Dix is able to kill Brannom, but not without being seriously wounded himself. The cops put the squeeze on the gang. Cobby is jailed and so is Gus, who can\'t wait to get his hands on the snitch. Ciavelli dies at home from his gunshot wound. Doc and Dix are on the run. Emmerich is in his hideaway with his mistress, who is making big plans. The police arrive and force Angela, his alibi, to recant her previous story and tell the truth. Emmerich is caught red-handed. He asks for a moment to make a phone call, pulls a gun from his desk and shoots himself. That leaves only Doc and Dix, who go their separate ways. Doc asks a taxi driver to drive him out of the city. Dix, in desperate need of medical attention, takes off in his own car with Doll going along. At a roadhouse having a bite to eat, Doc gives jukebox money to a pretty girl and lingers to watch her dance. The delay costs him dearly when two police officers recognize Doc as they peer into the diner and take him into custody as he departs. After narrowly escaping from a doctor who phoned the police, Dix makes it all the way to the gates of his beloved Kentucky horse farm. But he stumbles into the pasture, collapses and dies on the grassy plains of his home, surrounded by horses.'] ['The movie is narrated by Lucky Ali, as Mak. The six main characters are detained by the LAPD, and interrogated about stealing a truck full of laptops and its whereabouts. All six are detained for about a day, where their deep antipathy towards the police department, for arresting them without any apparent evidence against all of them, and just because the witnesses had seen a South Asian at work, grows into a daring plot. Sparked by "Major" and blown up by "Ajju", who asks them to meet him in his club, they all hatch a plan to rob the bank in which holds the payroll for the LAPD. In return, Ajju reveals that he was the truck stealer and splits the money with all. Everyone goes about their normal life after that, in which it is revealed the personal troubles all face. Marc is a bouncer who hates the way his lover, a club-dancer, has to live and decides to rescue her from the club owner Cyrus, by paying him the required money. Ajju is a club owner who is facing his own problems handling the club and has to lease it out. He also has an ongoing spat with Marc about his girlfriend. Major has a sick wife who he has to look after by supplying her with medicine and injections. Andy is a young, intelligent, software engineer who is having problems with his job and is in the middle of a divorce and custody dispute with his wife. Major knows that Andy is the most important member of the group as he is the only one who can hack the bank\'s computer system. Mak and Bali are two drug-peddlers who live off the street selling and buying illicit drugs for a drug lord. They first meet when Bali is being chased by some undercover policemen and meets Mak in alley where he is adjusting something in his car. He agrees to save him only if he splits his loot. They agree to work as partners on those terms from then on. The six characters meet on a hotel rooftop where they construct their plan and arrange for arms, ammunition, vehicles and gadgets. They do some reconnaissance around the bank and two days before the robbery, Major calls up everyone to surprise them, telling them the robbery is to take place the next day. On the day of the robbery, they meet unexpected visitors in a SWAT team waiting for them outside the bank. They are engaged in gunfight during which Mak takes a bullet for Major. They all escape and meet at their hideout, however, they realize that someone might have betrayed them to police and realize that the police might know about their hideout as well. Mak, who was hit, is not allowed to be taken to the hospital, and Major treats his wound with some alcohol. They all have verbal scuffle after which, Ajju, reveals he had kidnapped the Police Chief. They interrogate him and get to know that one among them, was an undercover cop. This strikes terror among them and they all decide to bring the whole stolen amount to their hideout. On the process, they meet a number of surprises. Major finds out that his wife had died. Ajju befriends Marc and tells him to elope with his girlfriend. Marc finds out that Ajju was feigning his inability to speak English. When they return, they find Bali dead, killed by Mak because Bali was being inhuman in his interrogation of the Police Chief. Ajju realizes Mak to be the informer. Major defends Mak because he saved him during the gunfight at the bank. They all arrive at a Mexican stand-off, with Andy as the viewer. He retreats and runs away with the bags. They all kill each other, during which Major apologizes to Mak, for not saving him. In reply, Mak apologizes saying he was just doing his duty. Major realizes his mistake and shoots the already dying Mak in the head. Marc\'s girlfriend is shown waiting for him at the airport and Andy is shown at the end driving off the highway pursued by a Police helicopter. It is ascertained that he also died as all of them are, narrated by Mak, to have met in hell.'] ['In Paris, bloodthirsty jewel thief Roger Sartet  escapes from custody with the help of the Manalese, a small-time but well-organised Sicilian Mafia clan led by patriarch Vittorio  and which includes his sons Aldo  and Sergio  and son-in-law Luigi . While in prison, Sartet got to know an electrician  who was involved in the setting up of an extensive security system at a diamond exhibition in Rome &mdash; the electrician returned home early, unannounced, caught his wife in bed with a lover and shot them. Unaccustomed to prison life, he made friends with Sartet and bit-by-bit supplied him with details of the exhibition. Vittorio and a fellow Mafiose, Tony Nicosia  of New York, go to the exhibition only to find that some changes have been made that make a simple robbery more difficult. Furthermore the exhibition hall is just down the road from the local police station. Nicosia instead comes up with a plan to steal the diamonds while they are en route to another exhibition in New York and sends over Jack ([[Sydney Chaplin , an alcoholic, in order to pass on the details. Meanwhile Commissaire Le Goff  pursues Sartet with unbridled determination &mdash; the gangster having killed two of his men in cold blood during an earlier arrest. Guessing that Sartet needs false papers in order to leave the country, Le Goff\'s enquiries lead him to the Malanese and their arcade game business which serves as a cover for their more illegal activities. While he questions Vittorio, Sartet slips out of the building in a car, right under Le Goff\'s nose. Jeanne , wife of Vittorio\'s son Aldo and an able crook in her own right, becomes increasingly fascinated by Sartet. She has always felt out of place as the only French person in the Sicilian clan. While hiding out in a villa near the Italian border she attracts Sartet\'s attention by sunbathing nude but as they kiss they are caught in the act by Luigi\'s six-year-old son Roberto . Jeanne gets the boy to promise not to mention it to anyone. In Rome, the gang subtly kidnap Edward Evans, the insurance man sent to oversee the transfer of the diamonds to New York. Sartet takes his place and joins the other officials accompanying the diamonds on a regular scheduled flight to New York via Paris. Among the passengers joining the plane in Paris are Jack, Jeanne, Vittorio and his sons. Things almost go wrong when Evans\' wife  turns up and even boards the plane looking for her husband, but Vittorio leads her to believe that her husband will be on another flight. Having tried to contact her husband\'s hotel in Rome and being told that he has left, Mrs Evans goes to the police. At police HQ, she identifies Sartet as one of the men she saw on the plane while it was grounded in Paris. Told that his enemy has left the country, and guessing what he is up to, Le Goff requests a cigarette, having given up smoking some time ago. Meanwhile, the plane is making its descent towards New York when the gang suddenly hijacks the aircraft. The crew are held at gunpoint and Jack, a former pilot, takes over the co-pilot\'s seat. Warned of Sartet\'s imminent arrival in America, the local police race to the airport, but the plane in fact overshoots New York City and lands on a highway which has been closed off by the local mob. Other Mafia men are waiting in cars. They unload the diamonds from the plane and split up, Jack for Canada and the Manalese for Paris. Intending to move to Veracruz, Sartet hides out in New York while awaiting his share of the proceeds. Back home, late one evening, the Manalese are watching a film on TV which includes a scene of a couple kissing on a beach. Roberto says that it "Looks like Auntie Jeanne with Mister Sartet". Jeanne denies this but the others will not accept it. They lure Sartet back to Paris by withholding his share of the loot. Jeanne calls Sartet\'s sister Monique  to warn him that he is walking into a trap. Monique goes to the airport but when her brother fails to turn up she is confronted by the Manalese boys who are subsequently arrested by Le Goff and his men who had Monique under surveillance. Sartet actually came by an earlier plane. He contacts Vittorio, demanding his share. They meet at a place outside of town where Vittorio shoots both Jeanne and Sartet dead. He then returns home, only to be arrested by Le Goff.'] ['Four people rob the vault of a bank at gun point. The only trouble is that a large armed police presence turns up as they try to drive away. They take shelter in a diner, where two psychos with guns, Max and Karl decide to take over, and have the  $500,000 for themselves. The robbers become victims with the owners of the diner and the people who were eating there. At first Max and Karl let Sam, one of the robbers do all the talking to Det. Devlin, not letting on that they are there also. But then they decide to make demands as telephone negotiations are going nowhere and shoot one of the hostages in front of the police. Lind, another negotitator has turned up and takes over, with a gung-ho attitude. Devlin has been looking at the bank tapes and see that some of the money the robbers took was not supposed to be there. The bank manager confesses it was payment for an  arms deal. A phone call shows Lind to be fake and he is shot while shooting his accomplice. A TV reporter is allowed in with a camera to film what they allow, but Max sees her hidden camera which is showing the police what is really going on there and for that she is brutally raped and dumped in a store room. A hidden phone reveals to the hostages that one of the robbers was an undercover cop  who would have a second gun, which a young woman manages to get and hand to Sam. There is a shoot out and dozens of bullets from each gun, with few hits. The cops rush in and the siege is over, but there is still a surprise ending.'] ['Arvid, a bank teller, is dumped by his girlfriend for being too boring and dull. Hoping to put some excitement in his life, Arvid helps stop a robbery at the bank. The wife of the would-be bank robber tracks Arvid down and tells him her husband was robbing the bank only so he could pay for medical treatments so they could have a child. The title is a reference to an axiom Arvid\'s brother tells him: "In China, they eat dogs"; which makes him realize that there is no such thing as moral absolutism, and that whether something is right or wrong depends on the situation. Because of his revelation, he comes to sympathize with the bank robber. Imagining he can help the couple and prove himself to be a dangerous outlaw all at once, Arvid plots a robbery of his own bank with the help of his brother Harald and some fellow wannabe criminals.'] ["A thief, Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank. While carrying out the bank's blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop, who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign. Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary somewhat, fall in love."] ["Webster McGee  is a computer programmer who abruptly quits his job and adopts a life of crime as a jewel thief in Houston, Texas. For his first job he robs rich businessman Henderling , stealing from him not only money, but also files with information that could destroy Henderling's career. McGee uses them to blackmail him but instead of money he asks for introduction into high society -- aiming to find a way to rob other rich houses. He soon meets Laura  at a society function hosted by Henderling. She falls in love with McGee and then helps him to burglarize several friends of Henderling. Insurance investigator Dave Reilly  is intent on identifying Webster as the jewel thief, but in the course of investigation Reilly and McGee develop a sort of friendship. Reilly must decide whether to be loyal to his job or his new friend."] ['Henry Holland  is a timid London bank clerk who has been in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He has a reputation for fussing over details and panicking about suspect cars following the bullion van, and appears to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold\'s security. But, in fact, he has hatched the "perfect" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing that has prevented this plan from being put into operation is that selling the gold on the black market in Britain would be too risky, and Holland is at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad. One evening a new lodger &mdash; artist Alfred Pendlebury  &mdash; arrives at the boarding house where Holland lives in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: "By Jove, Holland, it\'s a good job we\'re both honest men." "It is indeed, Pendlebury." When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood  and Shorty Fisher , to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury\'s works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the "master criminal" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury\'s foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers. The plan goes wrong when the woman who runs the Eiffel Tower souvenir kiosk misunderstands what she is supposed to do, and instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, opens it and puts the souvenirs out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of "Al" and "Dutch", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time. If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury\'s foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in England. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car. A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in getting into their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth "twenty-five thousand pounds, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed." After the money is mostly gone, he is telling his story to a British visitor before they both leave the restaurant, handcuffed to one another; Holland has been found and arrested and is due for extradition back to the UK.'] ['Zed , a professional safe-cracker, comes to Paris to help a childhood friend, Eric , with a bank heist. In the cab on the way to his hotel room, the cabbie obtains a prostitute for him. He arrives at his hotel room and is soon greeted by the prostitute, Zoe , who also confides that she is studying art, and has a "very boring" day job. After having sex, they talk with each other amiably, then fall asleep. Their reverie is soon interrupted when Eric barges in and brusquely sends Zoe out of the room, so the two men can get on with their business. Eric takes Zed back to his residence where Zed meets Eric\'s friends. Eric explains his plans: the following day is Bastille Day and virtually everything is closed except for the bank they plan to rob, which is a holding bank and is open on holidays. Zed forgoes his rest time to spend the night partying with Eric and his friends among some of the more disreputable people of Paris in a cavernous jazz club, which Eric refers to as \'the Real Paris\'. During the binging, Eric confides to Zed that he has AIDS, which he contracted through IV drug use. The next day, Zed is awakened by Eric as they prepare to enter the bank. The team dons Carnival masks to hide their faces before bursting into the bank. They quickly kill those who do not cooperate as they escort Zed  to the safe so he can get to work. Their plans soon start to disintegrate as the police show up and they\'re faced with the possibility of going to jail for life or having to shoot their way out. Eric throws an explosive into a vault and enters it , finding a large supply of gold bars—- but the thieves can\'t leave the bank alive with their fortune. Tensions become even higher when Zed recognizes Zoe  and attempts to protect her, to the fury of Eric, who viciously slashes Zed\'s cheek with a knife. A vicious gunfight between the police, Eric, and the rest of the gang begins—- with Zed caught \'innocently\' in the middle. Eric\'s men are killed by the police as they rush the bank, and Zed and Eric begin to fight each other. The police shoot Eric to death. He falls on Zed, splattering great amounts of blood on him in the process . Injured, Zed is led away quickly by Zoe, who covers for him, stating he is a bank customer. They drive away in her car, where Zoe promises Zed that when he gets well she\'ll show him the \'real\' Paris.'] ['Jonny  is working as a courier and becoming increasingly dissatisfied with his life. He asks long-running school friend Jude  to help him into the North London criminal gang run by his uncle Ray . As Jonny gets more involved in the image of the criminal world, he starts making mistakes and through a mutual dislike for rival gangster Matthew  inadvertently starts a war with the South London mob, headed up by Sean .'] ['{{Tone}} Diabolik starts off by stealing $10 million which was under escort. Under a smoke screen, Diabolik winches the money car away and escapes in a speed boat, then in his car, closely followed by a helicopter shooting at him . Diabolik changes cars in a tunnel and his black one goes off the edge of a cliff. He drives off with Eva when the helicopter leaves. In their high-tech underground hideout , they shower . The couple do some smooching on a revolving bed covered in stolen money. The Minister of the Interior holds a sombre press conference which is disrupted by wild laughter by all thanks to some exhilarating gas Diabolik has released there. In desperation, the death penalty  is brought back in. The police cannot find Diabolik but big time crook, Valmont suffers at their hands because of a clampdown due to Diabolik\'s actions. A club is raided by the police. Valmont on his bimbo-laden yacht has had enough and berates his men who have failed him. Realising things can only get worse because of Diabolik stirring the police up, Valmont contacts Ginko and makes a bargain, to catch Diabolik alive for the police. On his plane, Valmont tells his men of his plan and all who disagree with him are killed. Back at his hideout, Diabolik decides to steal the famous Aksand emerald necklace for Eva\'s birthday from the Saint Just Castle. Meanwhile Valmont builds up an identikit picture of Eva and circulates it as a means of capturing Diabolik. Diabolik changes his normal black skin tight costume for a white skin tight costume so he can climb the white tower wall unnoticed . The police are waiting, knowing he will go after the necklace. He gets it despite police surveillance of the room and they go after him, shooting at a figure catapulted off of the roof, believing it to be him escaping. It is a dummy. A police car chasing him goes off a cliff and explodes, trying to avoid an oncoming car in a mirror Diabolik has set up. Later, Eva is spotted in a garage with her white car. It is dry weather but when a man looks at her in his rear view mirror, it is raining and has been for some time. Valmont is informed and Eva is traced to a clinic and captured. She is used to lure Diabolik aboard Valmont\'s plane, along with the ten million dollars he has stolen and the eleven emeralds from the necklace as payment for Eva. Diabolik is made to jump where the police are waiting below for him, but takes Valmont with him. The plane behind them blows up  and he rescues Eva as the police close in. He makes her escape, kills Valmont and trapped, takes a golden capsule, and the police find him dead. Later while the police are holding a conference on the death of Diabolik, he is about to be autopsied when he returns to life. It is thanks to a technique he has learned from Tibetan lamas but if he does not get the antidote within 12 hours, he becomes dead for real. The nurse, Eva, wheels Diabolik past the crowds and then Diabolik goes to the morgue in disguise, where Valmont\'s body has been cremated and collects the 11 emeralds he fired into his body, from his ashes. He escapes just ahead of Ginko who has just realised what the 11 bullet wounds in Valmont meant. A million dollar reward is offered for Diabolik who goes to war against the government by blowing up all the tax offices and destroying all their records. The country  is in deep trouble without tax revenue so decides to sell off some gold to buy hard currency. The 20 tons of gold is melted into one solid block to make it "impossible" to steal, put into a steel casket and loaded on a train. Diabolik and Eva reroute the train by dropping a  truck on the tracks so it has to take a bridge over a wide river. There is an explosion and the train and gold falls into the water where Diabolik and Eva inflate balloons underwater and tow it away to their hideout. However, they did not know that part of the steel casket has been irradiated allowing the police to trace it and they close in on Diabolik who is wearing a heat proof suit as he is melting the gold, to put it into ingots. Shot at by many police guns, Diabolik is unable to control the heating of the gold and it runs out of control. There is an explosion and Diabolik and the cavern are covered in molten gold. Again, Diabolik is believed to be dead, with his heat proof suit now covered in hardened gold. The police seal off the place to recover it later and Eva is allowed to pay her respects to the dead Diabolik, who when Ginko is not looking winks at her. Eva leaves with Ginko and the cavern lights are turned off, then is the laughter of Diabolik is heard, with him apparently having a way to escape to strike again.'] ["When a precious jade stone is discovered in an old outhouse, the owner of said outhouse and the surrounding buildings suddenly finds himself with the financial clout to withstand the buy-out pressure of an unethical developer who wishes to build a large building on his plot. The owner, intending to display the stone to the public, puts his dedicated chief of security in charge of keeping it safe. But with the stakes running high, this is easier said than done. The developer hires a high-tech cat burglar from Hong Kong to steal the stone, the owner's wayward son sees the jewel as the perfect symbol of wealth and hatches a plan to use it to increase his chances at getting laid, and a gang of three con-men who hear about the jewel see it as their ticket to the big time. These three groups find themselves in direct competition and, finding their attempts foiled as often by the security guard as by each other, become more and more desperate as the film progresses."] ['George Fowler  shows himself as an ex-football hero. He finds himself slowly drawn into the gangster world. With the gang in need of just $50 more, George asks his ex girl, Ann, for that amount in a check, supposedly for her brother Gino. The plan starts to unravel when she sees Gino coming out of a restaurant across the street from the bank. When questioned about it George later reveals he\'s involved with robbing the bank. She writes \'Warning The bank will be Robbed!\' with lipstick on the window, the bank taking it as a joke. As the day of the heist grows nearer the tension within the gang heightens with no one trusting anyone. The robbers burst into George\'s and Gino\'s apartment that night and demand who talked to the girl about the robbery, seeing the lipstick warning. Gino breaks about his sister\'s  talking to George. George goes to her apartment with the gang and talks her into going to Chicago. Gino and George go to a park and wait. While Willie and John are taking her down the fire escape, John gets fidgety and hurls her off the escape down to the street below. They return to George and Gino, saying nothing about the murder. The next day the robbery is attempted as planned. Meanwhile the bank has replaced the switchboard, previously inside the bank, downstairs to what seems to be a better control room, a system which the robbers were betting on disabling to prevent calls to the police. John distrusts George and compels Willie to drive, instead of George, who will now be inside robbing the bank even though it\'s his first time on any illegal job. The robbing goes as planned until George can\'t find the switchboard they wanted to disable. The switchboard downstairs calls the police and they send a squad car over to the bank. When the police arrive, more arriving every second, the robbery goes astray. John gets killed while trying to take a hostage out and Gino commits suicide down in the vaults. Willie flees with the car, leaving his partners behind. George gets shot in the leg. He tries to take a hostage out, the woman\'s husband offering himself instead. As the wife is in his headlock, his arm aiming the gun at her husband, she says, "It\'s no use, he\'s vicious." Realizing just how far he went, George relaxes his grip and falls to the ground, muttering how he isn\'t \'vicious\'. George is taken away, his last sight looking out the bars of the car.'] ["Azad , Ralf  and 2 other accomplices rob a suitcase of emeralds from a rich Greek citizen, M.Tasco. When Abel Zacharia , the Athenian police chief, surprises Azad's car in front of Tasco's house on the night of the robbing, he decides to let Azad and his team go, hoping he could retrieve the diamonds for himself. Follows a chase between Azad and the corrupt cop through Athens' streets which culminates to the final scene which will be later borrowed by Witness in 1982."] ["The film is set in London at the turn of the 20th century, in 1901. Three men are on a mission from the IRA to steal all the gold in the vaults of the Bank of England. Norgate , their leader, discovers the bank's weak spot: an old forgotten sewer straight under the vaults."] ['Rancher Taw Jackson  is shot by a gunman for hire, Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned. His land and property are then confiscated by corrupt businessman Frank Pierce  who knows gold was discovered on Jackson\'s ranchlands, and hired Lomax to shoot Taw. Released early from prison, Jackson cuts a deal with Lomax because he\'s a safe-cracker, to ally against Pierce. Together, they plot to steal a shipment of gold being transported in a "war wagon," a heavily armored stagecoach armed with a deadly Gatling gun in a top-mounted steerable turret. They assemble a gang and plan to rob the war wagon at the weakest point in the route it travels. Things don\'t quite work out as planned. Pierce dies in a shootout with one of his own men trying to escape from the war wagon. Taw still manages to recover a portion of the gold shipment.'] ['Terry Benedict  rounds up the original eleven members of Danny Ocean\'s  gang, demanding they return the $160&nbsp;million they stole from his casinos with $38&nbsp;million in interest. Short by half, the group schemes to stage another heist in Europe to avoid problems with United States authorities. They are tipped off by an informant named Matsui  about the location of the first stock certificate ever, issued in 1602, which was for the Dutch East India Company, owned by an agoraphobe  and kept in his private home in Amsterdam. While the certificate would not meet their debt, it would help extend their deadline and secure another job by Matsui that will be enough to pay the debt. After a complex series of schemes, including raising the house a few inches to achieve a necessary line-of-sight, they find the document has already been stolen by "The Night Fox", another master thief. After the failed attempt, Europol Detective Isabel Lahiri  is called to investigate the theft and realizes Danny\'s gang attempted the heist based on her previous relationship with Rusty  as well as the Night Fox\'s involvement. She surprises the group at their lodgings, and warns them they cannot beat the Night Fox or his mentor LeMarc , both of whom she has been trailing for years. Danny and his gang discover the Night Fox is Baron François Toulour , a wealthy businessman who has a mansion on Lake Como. Toulour invites Danny to his mansion and reveals that he had hired Matsui to inform the gang about the certificate in order to arrange the meeting with Danny. Toulour is upset that LeMarc did not describe him as the best thief in the world, and challenges Danny to steal the Coronation Egg. If Danny and his gang wins, Toulour will pay off the debt to Benedict. Danny and his gang begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap the Egg for a holographic recreation, but the engineer hired by the group accidentally tips off Lahiri to their presence, and she captures most of The Twelve on their first attempt. Linus  comes up with a second plan to have Danny\'s wife Tess  pose as a pregnant Julia Roberts in order to get close to The Egg and swap it. They are foiled by Lahiri, and the rest of the group are captured. While Lahiri prepares her case against Danny\'s team, they are extradited by the FBI, aided by Lahiri having forged documents to allow her own involvement in the bust; the lead agent is in fact Linus\'s mother . Some time later, Danny and Tess return to Toulour\'s estate where he reveals his glee at their failure. Toulour claims to have stolen the Egg at night using his agility and Capoeira skills to evade the heavy security. Toulour\'s celebration is short-lived when Danny reveals that his group stole the Egg while it was in transit to the museum and Toulour realises they were tipped off by LeMarc. A flashback reveals that Danny and Rusty had met with LeMarc much earlier where he revealed his long con whose success would humiliate Toulour, bring him the Egg that he had stolen years ago and relinquished due to his wife\'s wishes, and eventually reunite him with his daughter. Toulour is forced to admit Danny won the bet and gives him the money for the debt. They pay back Benedict and promise not to perform any more heists in his casinos but Toulour keeps the group under watch . With Rusty\'s help, Lahiri is taken to a safe house lent to him by LeMarc, who reveals himself to be her father. The final scenes of the film, in which the primary characters enjoy a private poker session, imply that she and Rusty have re-kindled their relationship.'] ["Con man Eli Kotch  charms his way into a parole by playing on the emotions of a pretty psychologist , but drops her at the first opportunity to move around the country, romancing women and then stealing their possessions, or those of their employers. He's made a down payment on the blueprints to a bank at Los Angeles International Airport, but needs to raise $45,000 to complete the purchase. In Boston, he seduces and marries Inger Knudsen  the secretary of a wealthy elderly woman. Eli sends her to L.A. to set up housekeeping, on the pretext that a songwriter there is interested in his poetry. Meanwhile, he burgles another woman  to get the final amount of money he needs. Eli heads to L.A., where he begins to assemble his gang  for the bank robbery, which is timed to take place while the airport is distracted by the arrival of the Premier of the Soviet Union. To keep her occupied, Eli sends Inger to take Polaroid snapshots around L.A., supposedly for a magazine article he is writing. Using costumes stolen from a movie studio, he and one of the gang masquerade as an Australian policeman escorting an extradited prisoner in order to get through airport security, while the other two dress as LAPD policemen to get into the bank, bypass the alarm, and get a bank employee to open the safe. The gang pulls off the heist and makes a successful getaway to Mexico on a plane. Eli has no idea that Inger has been frantically trying to get in touch with him, because she has inherited $7 million from her former employer."] ['A man calling himself "Ryder" , along with three other heavily armed men Bashkim , Emri  and former train operator Phil Ramos , take Pelham 123, a {{NYCS}} that had departed from Pelham Bay Park Station at 1:23 p.m, uncoupling the front car from the rest of the train and taking the passengers hostage. MTA employee Walter Garber , a former assistant chief transportation officer, is working the Rail Control Center as a train dispatcher and receives the ransom call from Ryder, who demands $10 million in cash be paid within 60 minutes, and warns that for every minute past the deadline they force Ryder to wait, he will execute a hostage. Bashkim kills a plainclothes Transit Police officer attempting to arrest him. He and Ramos then allow all the people not in the front car to be released except for motorman Jerry Pollard . Garber reluctantly negotiates with Ryder and develops a rapport, while Ramos and Emri set up a wi-fi booster apparatus to enable Ryder internet access in the tunnel on his laptop computer. He uses it to watch the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge nearly 1,000 points during the next hour in response to the taking. The booster also reconnects one of the passenger\'s laptop after it was casually knocked to the floor by the hijackers; its webcam facing the car\'s interior. The link reestablishes the passenger\'s videochat to his girlfriend\'s desktop, which she then gives to a local television station, allowing the authorities to use it as a live feed. It also allows the people at RCC to see what\'s going on; they see Ramos and Ryder later on. Lieutenant Camonetti  of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit, also known as the Hostage Negotiation Team, enters RCC to take over negotiations and Garber is ordered by his boss to leave the premises. The change infuriates Ryder, who shoots and kills the train\'s motorman in order to force Camonetti to bring Garber back. Camonetti learns Garber is being investigated for allegedly accepting a $35,000 bribe to recommend a Japanese car manufacturer for the next subway car contract, thus his demotion to train dispatching. He becomes suspicious and asks Garber to consent to a search of his home. Ryder also discovers the allegations through online news reports and forces Garber to confess by threatening to kill a passenger. Garber explains he took the bribe to pay his kids\' tuition. The Mayor  agrees to pay Ryder\'s ransom demand and orders cash from the Federal Reserve to be rushed to Vanderbilt Ave and 42nd Street to be delivered. The police transport delivering the money is involved in an accident and, despite the efforts of police motorcyclists, they fail to deliver within the deadline. Garber tries to bluff and tells Ryder that the tunnel was the only thing separating him from the money, unaware that Ryder could see the outside of Grand Central Terminal via his laptop. For lying, Ryder threatens to execute one of the children hostages and the child\'s mother, however another hostage, who was a former US Army Air-Assault Soldier, intervenes and instead gets shot by Ryder. A short gunfight then erupts, where in a NYPD sniper is bitten by a rat and accidentally fires his gun and kills Ramos. Based on several clues that Garber receives during the conversation, the NYPD discover that Ryder\'s real name is Dennis Ford, a former manager of a private equity firm, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for investment fraud for stealing from the city pension fund. Although Ford had accepted the prosecution\'s 3-year plea bargain agreement, he received a sentence of 10 years from the judge. One of the Mayor\'s aides mentions the extreme drop in the major stock indexes, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite, due to the news coverage of the hostage-taking, which some in the media have suspected to be terrorism. The Mayor deduces that such an event would allow Ryder to make spectacular returns if he bet against the market that day , so he asks the SEC to identify major trades on put options. Garber is flown to Grand Central Terminal, the closest station to the takers\' location, when Ryder demands he personally deliver the ransom. Garber accepts a concealed pistol from a police officer and drops off the money. Ryder brings him aboard and orders him to operate the train to the next station, where he and the hijackers exit the train during a brief railroad switch stop. To ensure that the police follow the train , Ryder uses a special mechanism to lock the driving lever in the full-speed position, bypassing the dead-man\'s switch. Per Ryder\'s demands, the signals have been set to green and the train speeds ahead towards Coney Island. Garber manages to separate himself from the takers at a railway crossing and then follows them as they escape to the emergency exit inside the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Ryder parts ways with Bashkim and Emri, who are later shot dead via suicide by cop after being surrounded by police. The runaway train\'s automatic brake is tripped by an unaltered red signal one station from Coney Island and it comes to a halt safely. Police learn Ryder is not on board. Ryder hails a taxi while Garber, who gets a truck, is in close pursuit. Ryder checks his laptop and finds that his $2 million investment in gold derivatives has amassed him a $307 million profit. Ryder leaves the cab on the Manhattan Bridge amid traffic and takes the bridge\'s pedestrian walkway but Garber catches up to him. As Garber holds Ryder at gunpoint, Ryder says that he is not going back to prison and gives him a 10 second ultimatum to kill him, before the other NYPD officers catch up to them. As he reaches the final seconds of the countdown, Ryder pulls out his gun in a provocative gesture which forces Garber to shoot. With his dying breath, Ryder calls Garber his hero as NYPD officers arrive on scene. Afterward, the mayor thanks Garber for saving the hostages, and hints the city will support him in the bribery investigation. Garber is later seen coming home with groceries, including a half-gallon of milk he promised his wife he\'d bring home during an earlier phone call.'] ['Roy Waller  is a con artist residing in Los Angeles. Alongside his partner and protégé Frank Mercer , Roy operates a fake lottery, selling overpriced water filtration systems to unsuspecting customers; in the process, Roy has collected over one million dollars. Roy suffers from several mental disorders, including agoraphobia, mysophobia, obsessive-compulsive personality disorder and a tic disorder- he yells "Pygmies" whenever something surprises or upsets him. After Roy experiences a violent panic attack, Frank suggests he see a psychiatrist, Dr. Harris Klein . Klein provides Roy with medication, and in therapy has Roy recall his past relationship with his ex-wife, Heather , who was pregnant during the time of the divorce. At Roy\'s behest, Klein informs Roy that he called Heather and found out that Roy has a 14-year-old daughter, Angela . Roy and Angela meet and Angela quizzes Roy regarding his life and occupation. Her youthful energy rejuvenates him, and Roy thus agrees to work with Frank on a long-term con: their target is Chuck Frechette , an arrogant businessman whom the duo decides to con with the Jamaican Switch. One night, Angela unexpectedly arrives at Roy\'s house, saying that she has had a fight with her mother, and decides to stay for the weekend before returning to school, much to Roy\'s discomfort. She explores his belongings and causes him to rethink his life, which he mentions during therapy with Klein. Angela returns home late one night, leading to an argument between the two. During dinner, Roy admits that he is a con artist and reluctantly agrees to teach Angela a con. The two of them go to a local laundromat and con an older woman into believing she has won the lottery, and she shares half of her expected winnings with Angela; however, Roy then forces Angela to return the money. Roy questions the morality of teaching his daughter such practices, but believes his rejuvenation is a good sign. He then goes bowling with her but is interrupted when Frank reveals that Chuck\'s flight to the Caymans has been updated to that day instead of Friday as planned. With little time left, Roy reluctantly decides to let Angela play the part of distracting Chuck midway through the con; however, after the con is finished, Chuck realizes what has happened and chases the two into the parking lot before they escape. Roy then learns that Angela was arrested a year ago, and forces her to stop calling him despite the fact that she has bought him a small present as a sign of affection. Without Angela, Roy\'s myriad phobias resurface, and during another panic attack, he ultimately learns that the medication given him by Klein is a placebo, proving that he doesn\'t actually need his pills to be happy. He decides that he needs Angela in his life but that he would have to change his lifestyle, much to Frank\'s disappointment. Roy and Angela return from dinner one night to find Chuck waiting for them with a gun, alongside a badly beaten Frank. Angela shoots Chuck and Roy sends her off with Frank into hiding until the matter can be sorted out. As Roy prepares to take care of Chuck\'s body, Chuck suddenly springs to life and knocks Roy unconscious. Roy awakens in a hospital, where the police inform him that Chuck eventually died from the gunshot and Frank and Angela have disappeared. Klein appears and Roy gives him the password to his bank account, ordering him to give the money to Angela when she is found. Later, Roy awakens to find that the "police" have disappeared, his "hospital room" is actually a freight container on the roof of a parking garage, "Dr. Klein\'s" office is vacant, and essentially all of his money has been taken. As he begins to realize that Frank pulled a con on him, Roy drives over to Heather\'s  looking for Angela. While speaking with Heather, Roy learns the truth: Heather miscarried their child. There is no "Angela": the young girl he thought was his child was actually Frank\'s accomplice. One year later, Roy has become a salesman at a local carpet store, which Angela and her boyfriend one day wander into. Roy confronts Angela but ultimately forgives her, realizing that he is much happier as an honest man. Angela reveals that she did not receive her fair share of the cut from Frank, and that it was the only con she ever pulled. Angela and her boyfriend depart and Roy returns home to his new wife Kathy, who is now pregnant with his child.'] ['Benjamin Franklin Gates  is a historian and amateur cryptologist, and the youngest descendant of a long line of treasure hunters. Though Ben\'s father, Patrick Henry Gates, tries to discourage Ben from following in the family line, as he had spent over 20 years looking for the national treasure, attracting ridicule on the family name, young Ben is encouraged onward by a clue, "The secret lies with Charlotte", from his grandfather John Adams Gates in 1974, that could lead to the fabled national treasure hidden by the Founding Fathers of the United States and Freemasons during the American Revolutionary War that was entrusted to his family by Charles Carroll of Carrollton in 1832 before his death to find, and protect the family name. In the present, with an expedition funded and led by Ian Howe, Ben and his friend, a computer expert, Riley Poole track down a Colonial ship that is trapped in Arctic ice, the Charlotte. Aboard the ship they discover a meerschaum pipe engraved with a Knights Templar riddle that Ben connects to an invisible map written by Timothy Matlack on the back of the Declaration of Independence. When Ian reveals he will go to any lengths to find this treasure including stealing the Declaration, Ben takes a stand against him. A fight ensues, during which spilled gunpowder is ignited. Ian escapes the ship, leaving it to explode before departing with his team. Ben and Riley are trapped inside but survive the explosion by hiding in a smugglers hold, and return to the United States determined to stop Ian. When Ben and Riley try to tell various authorities, including the FBI, and Dr. Abigail Chase at the National Archives, they dismiss their claims, considering the Declaration impossible to steal. Ben and Riley concoct their own plan to steal the Declaration during a gala event, and execute it just before Ian and his own team arrive. Abigail, suspicious of Ben\'s presence at the gala, becomes caught up with Ben and Riley as they escape from Ian and the authorities. Ben\'s identity is tracked to the theft, and they are forced to go to his father\'s home, much to Patrick\'s surprise and dismay. Ben and Abigail find an Ottendorf cipher on the back of the Declaration which, using the riddle on the pipe from the Charlotte, they connect to the Silence Dogood letters, written by Benjamin Franklin, at the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. Decoding the message, it points to where the Liberty Bell was, they then head to the top of Independence Hall at a specific time 2:22 where the trio find a pair of spectacles with multiple colored lenses invented by Franklin that reveal additional clues on the back of the Declaration, "Heere at the Wall." The group is caught by Ian, and even though they split up, Riley and Abigail and the Declaration are caught by Ian, while Agent Peter Sadusky captures Ben, still with the glasses. Ian, under the guise of a prisoner exchange, lures the FBI into a trap aboard the USS Intrepid, allowing them to grab Ben. Holding Riley, Abigail, and Patrick hostage, Ian forces Ben to use the bifocals and find the next clue, which leads the group to Trinity Church in New York City. Beneath the church through a secret tunnel behind the coffin of Parkington Lane they find an enormous shaft with an elevator system. When walking down the stairs the shaft began to collapse a little but manage somehow. At the bottom of the shaft, they find a room lit only by a lantern, which Ben and Patrick trick Ian into thinking that it refers to Paul Revere\'s Ride, and indicates the treasure to be at the Old North Church in Boston. Ian and his men strand Ben, Riley, Abigail, and Patrick as they ascend to the surface, unaware that Ben has purposely tricked them. Ben pushes a button of the unfinished pyramid the all-seeing eye on the wall and opens a secret door to an empty room. Patrick apologizes to Ben and admits himself that the treasure is real. Ben believes there’s another way out to the surface and kept searching then found a strange keyhole and uses the pipe from the Charlotte to open yet another secret door to reveal the vast treasure trove, for which he has been searching his entire life, as well as a route to the surface. When the four ascend back to the church, Ben calls in Agent Sadusky, who reveals he is part of the Freemasons. Ben and Sadusky arrange a deal: with the safe return of the Declaration and identifying where Ian and his men can be found, Sadusky will clear all of their names; the treasure will be distributed among museums throughout the world, and the Gates family will receive credit for the discovery. Ian is captured by the FBI at the Old North Church and charged with kidnapping, attempted murder, and trespassing on government property. The film ends showing that Ben chose to accept from the US government only a 1% finder\'s fee for himself and his team. That is still enough to make him and his friends quite wealthy, given that Ben\'s estimated value of the find is US $10,000,000,000. In addition, Ben has begun a romantic relationship with Abigail and bought a mansion they will be living in, and Riley bought himself a Ferrari.'] ['Eddie "Hudson Hawk" Hawkins &nbsp;—&nbsp; "Hudson Hawk" is an expression that refers to the often bracing winds off of the Hudson river&nbsp;—&nbsp;is a master burglar and safe-cracker, attempting to celebrate his first day of parole from prison with a cappuccino. Before he can get it, he is blackmailed by various entities, including his own parole officer, a minor Newark Mafia family headed by the Mario brothers , and the CIA into doing several dangerous art heists with his singing partner in crime, Tommy "Five-Tone" Messina . The holders of the puppet strings turn out to be a "psychotic American corporation," Mayflower Industries, run by husband and wife Darwin  and Minerva Mayflower  and a blade-slinging butler, Alfred . The company, headquartered in the Esposizione Universale Roma  in Rome, seeks to take over the world by reconstructing "La Macchina dell\'Oro", a machine purportedly invented by Leonardo da Vinci  which converts lead into gold. A special assembly of crystals needed for the machine to function are hidden in a variety of Leonardo\'s artworks: the maquette of the Sforza, the Da Vinci Codex, and a scale model of DaVinci\'s helicopter design. Sister Anna Baragli  is an operative for a secretive Vatican counter-espionage agency, which has arranged with the CIA to assist in the Roman portion of Hawk\'s mission, though apparently intending all along to foil the robbery at St. Peter\'s Basilica. Throughout the adventure, Hudson is foiled in repeated attempts to drink a cappuccino. After blowing up an auctioneer to cover up the theft of the Sforza, the Mario Bros. take Hawk away inside an ambulance, but when Hawk sticks needles into Antony Mario\'s face they try to run him down , but are both killed when their driver crashes the ambulance due to the needles in Antony\'s face. Immediately afterwards, Hawk meets CIA head George Kaplan  and his CIA agents: Snickers , Kit Kat , Almond Joy , and Butterfinger , who take him to Darwin and Minerva Mayflower. Hawk successfully steals the Da Vinci Codex from another museum, but eventually refuses to steal the helicopter design, and Tommy Five-Tone fakes his death so they can escape. However, they are found and attacked by the CIA Agents. Kit Kat and Butterfinger take Anna to the castle. Tommy trips Snickers, causing his bomb launcher to shoot a bomb onto his head. Hudson and Tommy escape while Snickers and Almond Joy are killed when the bomb goes off. The film culminates in a showdown at Leonardo\'s castle, between the remaining CIA agents, the Mayflowers, and the team of Hudson, Five-Tone, and Baragli, to stop the Mayflowers from successfully operating the machine, during which Kit Kat and Butterfingers are betrayed and killed by Minerva. Tommy fights Darwin and Alfred inside Darwin\'s limo, while Hudson fights George Kaplan on the roof, and knocks him on top of the limo. Alfred, though wounded, jumps out of the limo with Darwin and plants a bomb on it, with Tommy trapped inside and George on the hood, and it explodes just as it falls over a cliff. Darwin and Minerva force Hawk to put together the crystal powering the machine, but Hawk intentionally leaves out one small piece. As a result, when the Mayflowers try the machine, it explodes and kills Minerva. In the battle that follows, Darwin is electrocuted and Hawk battles Alfred, and eventually decapitates him on his own blades. Hawk and Baragli escape the castle and discover that Tommy survived the crash due to airbags and sprinklers inside the limo. Hawk finally gets to enjoy a cappuccino.'] ["An armoured payroll truck owned by Darcy's Security Services is robbed and the driver, Martin, is removed. The robbers are double crossed by crime boss Jack Henderson who kills at the robbers. Lionel Darcy, head of the company, suspects a major robbery is being planned but is unaware all the culprits are employed by the company. He assigns Mindel Seagers to look into newcomer to the film, Leo Bassett. Jack Henderson discovers a robbery is being planned by Darcy guards Eric and Brian Jackson and forces them to work for him."] ["Mastermind Dave Purvis ([[William Talman  is a professional criminal who devises a scheme to rob an armored car on its last pickup of the day. He recruits Benny McBride to his gang of thieves. Benny needs money because Yvonne , his striptease artist wife, has lost interest in him and is seeing another man. But the man she is two-timing Benny with turns out to be Purvis. The robbery itself, at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles, begins as planned but then goes badly wrong when a passing police patrol car intervenes. Purvis kills one of the police officers from the patrol car and he and his fellow robbers make their getaway. Lt. Jim Cordell , the dead policeman's partner, takes it upon himself to bring in his partner's killer and throws himself into the case, assisted by a rookie offsider. Meanwhile, Purvis's gang unravels bit by bit as distrust and paranoia begins to build. Benny, wounded by police during the heist, is killed by Purvis as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help. Gang member Al Mapes ([[Steve Brodie  gets away and looks up Yvonne at the Burly Q where she works, intending to use her as a means to find Purvis, who has kept all the loot for himself. The waiting police, however, arrest Mapes at the Burly Q and learn Purvis's identity. After a further manhunt, Lt. Cordell and his team corner Purvis and Yvonne at Los Angeles airport, and Purvis is crushed by a taking-off plane as he tries to escape across the tarmac."] ['Barry Wirth is a retired small time criminal who is released on parole from following the death of his mother to care for his younger brother Joey. He had been serving time for a manslaughter he claims he did not commit. Following his release trouble begins brewing for the big criminals of Surfers Paradise when a corrupt accountant Warren Halliwell who handles their money laundering is arrested for an illicit affair and has his records taken by the Crime Investigation Commission  who then use it to seize many ill gotten assets and subpoena many Gold Coast Criminals. This creates trouble for an ex-criminal, Darren "Dabba" Barrington, whose money from previous crimes has been seized as well as Chicka Martin a big time criminal. Meanwhile Barry seeks employment which he eventually obtains as a worker at a service station which is how he is reunited with Johnny "spit" Spitieri who robs the store. Johnny is a small time criminal and junkie who Barry aids in return for Johnny\'s help when they were in prison together. The main conflict of the film is caused when Johnny Spitieri is arrested for a drug deal which leaves him owing twenty thousand dollars to Chicka. This and the corrupt detective DeVier\'s continued abuse of Barry leads to Barry creating a plan to allow him, his brother, Johnny and Dabba to \'get square\' .'] ['Master Sergeant Joe Lawrence  is stationed in Berlin shortly after the end of World War II where he falls in love with Maria , a refugee. Maria is trying to raise enough money to move a group of German orphans to South America, where they can start life anew. Joe wants to help her, and with his buddies British Corps of Military Police Sergeant Roger Morris  and ex-RAF pilot Brian Hammell , Joe plans a daring robbery. A fortune in recently discovered gold bullion is being transferred to England from Germany via military transport, and the trio intend to hijack the plane. While the robbery goes off almost as planned, the three participants begin to have second thoughts about what to do with their ill-gotten gains.'] ["Bob, a middle-aged gambler and ex-con living in the Montmartre district of Paris, experiences a run of bad luck that leaves him nearly broke. Bob is a gentleman with scruples, well liked in the demi-monde community. He has unsuccessfully tried to rob a bank in the past, and has spent time in prison. He hears through a croupier friend that the Deauville Casino holds undreamed-of quantities of cash, vulnerable in the early morning hours. Bob develops a complicated scheme to steal it, bringing in a tough but naive young protégé and an ace safecracker into his scheme, along with a few other underworld characters. Bob also becomes involved with a young woman, Anne, who does not have her own place and stays with any man who can take her off the streets. Later, Anne begins spending time with Bob's friend and partner-in-crime, Paolo. Meanwhile, Paolo trusts Anne and tells her the plot in which he is involved with Bob. However, in the evening of the planned heist, Anne betrays the gang to a pimp turned informant, Marc, without realizing that it was supposed to be a secret. Marc tips the possibility of a scheme masterminded by Bob to Inspector Ledru of the local police, whom Bob once saved from death. However, Marc, is gunned down by Paulo just as he is about to confirm the specifics. Ledru searches Bob's Montmartre haunts to warn him off the plan - in vain. At the casino, Bob fails to connect with his inside man, a croupier who has spilled the plan with his wife, who's also tipped off Ledru. An hours-long winning streak preoccupies Bob, a dance with Lady Luck he has waited for all his life. Suddenly, Bob is startled to realize it is the appointed hour of 5:00 PM, hurriedly cashes in a literal fortune in chips, and exits the casino floor. Just as his gang arrives, Ledru and the police descend, triggering a shooting spree. Bob rushes out of the casino in time to cradle his dying protégé, Paolo, then is arrested and handcuffed as casino employees trundle out stack upon stack of winnings and place them in the trunk of Inspector Ledru's car. It is strongly implied that his lucky streak will hold, and he will get off with little or no jail time. Possibly, he quips, he will sue the police for damages—while the beautiful Anne waits for him at his apartment."] ['A police chief’s daughter in home security sales, contacts an art gallery possessor. They love art and have despise for their clients’ motives for gathering artworks. They think of a plot to steal overlooked but valuable artworks from her affluent clients’ homes.'] ["In May 1940, as the German invasion of the Netherlands is underway, the British government decides to send a team to the Netherlands on board HMS Walpole HMS Walpole, event 13 May 1940 - uboat.net to secure stocks of industrial diamonds before the invaders can get to them. Accordingly, two Dutch diamond experts, Jan Smit  and Walter Keyser  with a British Army Intelligence officer, Major Dillon , are dropped by ship off the Dutch coast. Dodging German bombs and suspicious Dutch police and soldiers, they commandeer a car driven by Anna , whom they have just saved from trying to commit suicide. The four of them drive to Amsterdam. They meet Jan's father at his diamond business house and he agrees to try to persuade other dealers to bring their diamonds later that day for transport to Britain. But as many of the stones are stored in a time-locked bank vault which won't open for 24 hours, they recruit a group of sabotage experts to break in. With the Dutch police, including suspected fifth columnists, on their trail, the group manage to break into the vault and recover the diamonds. The three visitors make their escape whilst the armed Dutch helpers hold down the police and soldiers. They drive back to the coast, barely dodging German bombers. As they embark on a commandeered tugboat to take them back to the waiting ship, Anna elects to remain in the Netherlands and work with the nascent resistance movement."] ["The Yamakasi are seven young sport nuts of obviously different ethnic backgrounds who are all dedicated to parkour. They live in France in a banlieue, a ghetto especially designed for paupers and traditionally inhabited by immigrants from former French colonies. The motley group uses their sport to enjoy themselves without drugs and to gain recognition in peaceful way. While they consider themselves good examples for youths in the banlieue, the local chief of police feels otherwise. From his point of view they are dangerous because children could hurt themselves by trying to emulate them. When the Yamakasi are again reported for buildering, he assigns his men to arrest them. On this occasion each single member is introduced to the spectators of the film too: Following this meeting two pupils enjoy themselves by climbing in a tree. A harmless fun if it wasn't for a third little boy who suffers with an inborn cardiovascular disease. When he tries to join them he has a cardiac arrest. In hospital his mother learns an immediate heart transplantation is imperative. The chief physician suggests to save the child by buying a heart from a shady broker. He stresses that this is the only solution but not supported by their health insurance. He demands from the boy's family to pay 400.000 Euro within 24 hours. The head physician advises the family to ask their friends for support. This includes the Yamakasi who go and talk to the head physician himself and ask why a child is supposed to die only because his parents are poor. They insist he would contact the hospital's board of directors. When he refuses to phone either of them they nick the list of names and decide to walk in the footsteps of Robin Hood. They become cat burglars and tackle without violence threats such as guard dogs, armed security guards, inhabitants and even eager policemen in the very house. Thus they collect the price for the boy's life."] ['David Burke  is a former policeman who was ruined when he refused to cooperate with state crime investigators. He has asked hard-bitten, racist, ex-con Earl Slater  to help him rob an upstate bank, promising him $50,000 if the robbery is successful. Burke also recruits Johnny Ingram , a nightclub entertainer who doesn’t want the job but who is addicted to gambling and is in debt. Slater, who is supported by his girlfriend, Lorry , finds out Ingram is black and refuses the job. Later, he realizes that he needs the money, and joins Ingram and Burke in the enterprise. Tensions between Ingram and Slater increase as they near completion of the crime. Burke is seen by a police officer leaving the scene of the raid, and is mortally wounded in the ensuing shootout with local police, so he commits suicide by shooting himself. Slater is cavalier about the death of Burke, which incenses Ingram. Ingram and Slater escape and run into a nearby fuel storage depot. They chase after each other on the top of the fuel tanks. They exchange gunfire and ignite the fuel tanks and cause an large explosion. Afterwards, their corpses are indistinguishable.'] ["A motley group of phony church leaders attempts to rob a bank controlled by brothers in 1880's Texas."] ['Ian Hamilton , an ardent member of the Scottish nationalist organization, the Scottish Covenant Association, hopes to end what he sees as the political and economic subjugation of Scotland by England. Frustrated and saddened by the complacency of his fellow Scots who seem to accept the status quo, he looks forward to a time when Scotland is no longer merely referred to as "North Britain". After a petition to the British Parliament for the establishment of Scottish home rule is rejected, Hamilton decides to perform a symbolic act to put heart into the movement. With his friend, Bill Craig ([[Billy Boyd , he creates a daring scheme to bring the Stone of Scone back to Scotland from Westminster Abbey in London, where it has resided for centuries following English military victories over the Scots in the Middle Ages. Hamilton and Craig research the floor plans and security setup of Westminster Abbey and plan the theft, but once Craig realizes the legal implications of liberating the stone and the potential impact to his personal life and career, he backs out. Undaunted, Hamilton decides to liberate the stone by himself. He turns to John MacCormick , a prominent campaigner for Scottish devolution, and asks for financial help with the project. Although he initially refuses to take seriously Hamilton\'s proposal and request for a mere £50, MacCormick reconsiders and provides his support. Later at a party, MacCormick refers him to Kay Matheson , a young woman with strong nationalist ideas, to help him retrieve the stone. After meeting Matheson, Hamilton is soon introduced to Gavin Vernon , a strong young man known mainly for his drinking ability. On the day of their departure for London, Vernon unexpectedly brings his quiet friend Alan Stuart  along with him. At first Hamilton opposes bringing in a fourth member, but Vernon convinces him that Stuart and his car will be valuable assets to the group. They agree to steal the stone on Christmas Eve while all of London is distracted by the holiday celebration. The four nationalist students arrive in London the day before Christmas Eve and decide to steal the stone that very night. They drive to Westminster Abbey, but their plans are interrupted when Hamilton is discovered by a watchman, who mistakes him for a homeless man and lets him go. Soonafter, Matheson falls ill from a fever and Hamilton brings her to a bed & breakfast inn to recover. The landlady is suspicious of their Scottish accents and phones the police, who likewise suspect the young Scots of being up to something, but they avoid being arrested. That night, while Matheson waits in the car, Hamilton, Vernon, and Stuart break into Westminster Abbey and steal the Stone of Scone, which breaks in two pieces in the process. Seeing that the crack was made long ago and merely patched over, the group drive to the Scottish border and hide the larger piece in a field. After returning to Glasgow and witnessing the widespread nationalist celebration over the theft of the stone, the group learn that the stone could be permanently damaged if left to the elements. They return to the field and retrieve the stone with the aid of a group of Irish Travellers who are camped in the field. After the two parts of the stone are reattached, the students offer to return it to the authorities at the symbolically significant Arbroath Abbey, the site of the signing of the Declaration of Arbroath. The police arrive and arrest the student nationalists, who are never prosecuted.Ian Hamilton went on to become one of Scotland\'s leading QCs. He wrote about his exploits in a book called A Touch Of Treason, but has generally tried to distance himself from the incident. He is now retired and living in the Oban area. Hamilton had a small, cameo role in the film, portraying a businessman. Kay Matheson was a domestic science teacher at the time of the plot. The Gaelic scholar went back to teaching after the raid on Westminster Abbey, and as of 2007 was living in a nursing home in Wester Ross. Gavin Vernon, the engineering expert, emigrated to Canada in the 1960s and later joked he "never had to buy a beer again" after news of his deeds emerged in his adopted homeland. He died in 2004 at the age of 77. Alan Stuart, the quiet member of the group, has never publicly spoken of his role that night. His whereabouts remain a mystery.<ref nameRomancing the Stone: Scots heist destined for Hollywood|group=N}} The Stone of Scone was returned to London, where it remained until 1996, when it was moved to Edinburgh Castle "on loan" with the understanding that it would be brought back to Westminster Abbey for the next Coronation.'] ['The movie centres around a group of friends: Kevin , Sam  and Rob . They play a game, known as "Foolproof", in which they create working plans to infiltrate and burgle various targets. They do not actually execute these heists, preferring to simply simulate them. All is fine until a famous criminal, Leo Gillete , steals the trio\'s plans to burglarize a jewelry company and accomplishes the heist. He then blackmails the group into designing and executing a plan to steal $20 million in bonds from a bank. Tension escalates within the group as Rob befriends Leo, while Kevin and Sam attempt to hinder his plans.'] ['A manhole opens at night in an empty street and out climbs Lieutenant-Colonel Norman Hyde  in a dinner suit. He gets into a Rolls-Royce and drives home. There, he prepares seven envelopes, each containing an American crime paperback called The Golden Fleece, half a £5 note and an unsigned invitation from “Co-operative Removals Limited” to lunch at the Café Royal. He posts the envelopes to former army officers, each in desperate or humiliating circumstances. They all turn up. Hyde dismisses the waiters and introduces himself. He hands out the second halves of the £5 notes and asks their opinion of the novel, in which a robbery is committed by experts. They show little enthusiasm and he expresses surprise given their backgrounds and asks: “You’re all crooks, aren’t you? Of one kind or another”. Touring the table, pouring out brandy, he reveals why they were obliged to leave the British Army and their unenviable present occupations: *Major Peter Race , a former transport officer who resigned before his black market ring was uncovered in post-World War II Hamburg. He earns a poor living in unlicensed gambling and lives at the YMCA. He prides himself on his breeding and addresses men as “old darling”; *Major Rupert Rutland-Smith  is the hen-pecked husband of a wealthy young woman who delights in pulling his strings because he depends upon her money. She has affairs to which he can only turn a blind eye; *Captain “Padre” Mycroft  was a quartermaster dismissed for public gross indecency. He is now a con-man impersonating vicars and priests; he also enjoys lewd books; *Captain Martin Porthill  was dishonourably discharged for killing suspected members of EOKA and now works as a piano player and is a kept man to middle-aged women; *Captain Stevens , one-time fascist follower of Oswald Mosley, is a homosexual running a gymnasium. He needs money to pay a blackmailer ; *Captain Frank Weaver , formerly of a bomb disposal squad, tried defusing a bomb while drunk, killing four of his soldiers. He has been a teetotaller ever since and owns a small shop fixing clocks and watches, living with his garrulous wife  and aging father-in-law; *Lieutenant Edward Lexy , a communications specialist dismissed for selling information to the Russians while in Berlin. He runs a struggling repair shop for radios and fruit machines, illegally reducing the payout on the latter on behalf of criminals. Hyde tells them he has no criminal record himself but does have a grievance for being made redundant by the army after a long career. He intends to rob a bank using the team\'s skills, with equal shares of £100,000 or more for each man. He asks them to consider his proposal. Major Race follows Hyde home. He is interested, but warns Hyde to keep an eye on the others. Hyde agrees, yet insists each man receive an equal share because, “the one, sure way to disaster is for someone to get greedy”. Race agrees, smiles, and says Hyde is “losing a friend, but gaining a second-in-command”, "I\'ll settle for that." The gang meet under the guise of an amateur dramatic society rehearsing Journey’s End to discuss the plan before moving into Hyde’s house and living a military regime of duties and fines, £100 to £500, to be deducted from the haul. Hyde knows that a million pounds in used notes is regularly delivered to a City of London bank and has details of the delivery.In the original script, on the DVD Special Edition, Hyde reveals that he regularly visited a dying bank employee who gave him all the details and that they have stayed the same ever since. What they need now is equipment to pull off the robbery. They raid an army training camp in Dorset for arms and supplies.In the original script, when Hyde reveals his intention to steal from the army, Lexy mutters "Yes, well who would like to play Napoleon this week?... Do me a favour! I mean, how long do they let you out for?", to which Hyde answers "I\'m glad your reactions are normal, Mr Lexy. That\'s precisely the effect I wanted". Hyde, Mycroft, Porthill and Race distract soldiers by posing as senior officers on an unscheduled food inspection. The others steal weapons while posing as telephone repairmen, speaking in Irish accents to divert suspicion to the IRA. The gang rent a warehouse to prepare. Race steals vehicles including cars and a truck which are fitted with false number plates. They are disturbed by a passing policeman who ironically offers to keep an eye on their premises as he patrols. In Hyde’s basement, the gang train with maps and models. On the eve of the operation, Hyde destroys the plans and recalls his former military glory. The robbery is bloodless and precise. Using smoke bombs, sub-machine guns, and radio jamming equipment, the gang raids the bank, near St Paul’s. The money is seized without serious injury and the robbers escape. At Hyde’s house, celebrations are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Hyde’s old friend, Brigadier “Bunny” Warren , who drunkenly recalls the old days. One by one the members leave carrying suitcases filled with notes. Then the telephone rings; Hyde is told that police and soldiers surround the house. Leading the police is Superintendent Wheatlock  from whom Hyde learns the flaw in his plan. A small boy outside the bank had been collecting car registration  numbers, a common hobby at the time. The police, discovering the number, found it had been noted by the policeman who visited the warehouse. The policeman had also noted the number of Hyde\'s own car. Thus a link was established between the robbery and Hyde. Hyde is escorted to a Black Maria in which the League of Gentlemen are, “all present and correct”, each having been captured as they left the house.'] ['Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips  is a 12-year old girl who loves to climb. Her father Tom  has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family. Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly  are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb. Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he didn\'t know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down. There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him. Insurance won\'t pay for the operation and the family doesn\'t have the money. Harderbach Financial\'s president Brisbane  refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed . When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldy responds, "This is not an emotional issue, Mrs. Phillips. A bank has no heart. Only paper in a vault". That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank. Maddy steals three go-carts from her father and convinces her two friends Gus  and Austin  to help her. They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and doesn\'t care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek. They break into Harderbach Financial . They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max . She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them. Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds. She cracks the code  and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they didn\'t type the exit code. While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus\' brother who tasers his partner  after understanding the situation. However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each others\' necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her. The three hop into their go carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, running out of gas. He then leaps into Gus\' cart, and they escape to the hospital. They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks. When Mrs. Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her. But ultimately, he is rejected by a French man named Francois who says Brisbane\'s irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is a knucklehead move. Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital. However, they are caught up to by Maddy\'s mother, the bank security, the police, and the press. Maddy\'s mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank\'s security. The following morning, Mrs. Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place. The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy\'s father\'s surgery. Even a friend named Mr. Hartmann  gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000 . At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves. She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them. While they do so, she backs away and they run after her saying who\'s the better boyfriend and the movie ends.'] ['Using the internet and old school mafia traditions, a crew of young gangsters led by Nicholas "Nicky" Santini attempt to pull off the biggest heist in the history of the mafia. Nicky must first convince his uncle Danny Santini, a respected caporegime of the Genovesso crime family in New Jersey, to put up the necessary "seed money", $50,000,000.00. When Danny agrees, Nicky - along with his partner and friend Johnny "Irish" Kelly - use violence and murder to put the plan in motion. But as much as things seem to be changing in the family\'s way of doing business, old habits and traditions remain and Nicholas must decide between his friends who helped him pull off the scam or his uncle Danny.'] ['{{Plot}} Several unidentified dead men dressed as Santa Claus are shown in various positions. Flash back to six days earlier, Nick and Rudy are cellmates in prison three days away from release; Rudy is incarcerated for grand theft auto. Nick has been corresponding with a young woman named Ashley, who is waiting for him on the outside. When Nick is killed during a prison uprising, saving Rudy’s life in the process, Rudy takes his place and lets the beautiful Ashley think he is the one who has been writing her the love letters. Before long, Rudy discovers that pretending to be Nick was not such a good idea after all, as some fellow criminals intend to use him for their own purposes—robbing the casino at which Nick used to work. Gabriel, the leader of a gang who assaults Rudy and Ashley in their cabin, claims to be Ashley\'s brother, rather than an old enemy of Nick\'s as Rudy initially assumes. Rudy tries to tell them he is not Nick, but Ashley continues to confirm he is and that she wrote to him knowing Gabriel was going to kidnap and force Rudy to assist in the robbery. Rudy, while furious with Ashley, is reluctantly forced to go along with his ruse since he knows his is worthless to Gabriel as Rudy. While Nick and Rudy were cell mates, Nick had told Rudy many stories of being back home and working at the casino. Using the information from Nick’s stories, Rudy is able to devise a plan to rob the casino. Rudy informs Gabriel that the biggest loot is hidden inside a safe in the manager’s office called the “PowWow” safe. On the night of the robbery, Rudy breaks out of his holding in order to find a way to arm himself as he knows Gabriel will still have him killed when the robbery is over. During this task, all he finds is a knife but he also he stumbles upon Gabriel and Ashley together and learns that Ashley is in cahoots with Gabriel. Rather than being the reluctant, abused sister that Rudy initially thought she was, she is actually Gabriel’s girlfriend, who was planning to set up Nick. The group robs the casino, each dressed as Santa Claus. Rudy, forced to take part in the robbery, hides the fact that he knows Ashley’s secret. Shots are fired and security guards and Santas are shot. Ashley drives into the Casino killing two policemen who have shown up and lets Nick/Rudy know she is in on the heist. All meeting in the casino manager\'s office, Rudy’s true identity is revealed when Gabriel introduces him to the casino manager as Nick. However the manager recognizes that he isn’t Nick and tells Gabriel. Gabriel, furious at Rudy’s deception, spares him for a moment when he demands to know where the "PowWow” safe is, where Rudy had earlier claimed contained embezzled money. When Rudy correctly guesses it is behind the manager\'s liquor cabinet, Gabriel has the manager open the safe. When he opens it, the manager grabs guns from inside and kills one of the robbers as the rest flee. Rudy kills another one of the robbers and is then grabbed by Gabriel and Ashley who tie him up in their 18 wheeler truck. They plan to drive him off the edge of a cliff in a burning vehicle located in the truck with a little of the money so that officials will guess all had been burned. Rudy scolds Ashley for her selfish and manipulative ways saying Nick truly loved her and how dare she plan to hurt him this way, but she lost in that Nick died happy and in love. Ashley then fires back, pointing out Rudy’s hypocrisy as he pretended to be Nick  after Nick saved his life. Rudy then realizes he never told Ashley that Nick saved his life. Gabriel knows this and questions Ashley as to how she knew that. Realizing that she just slipped up too much information, Ashley shoots and kills Gabriel. As she continues to prepare Rudy for going over the edge, Nick appears, having staged his death at the prison. Rudy learns that the two had collaborated to rob the casino using Rudy and other thieves. Ashley had known the entire time who Rudy truly was. Nick also informs Rudy that the 6 months of stories were to set him up to take his place and Nick knew he would because Rudy is predictable. After they tie Rudy to the steering wheel to drive off the cliff, he produces the knife he had gotten earlier and begins to cut his bindings. He hot wires the car and reminds them that putting a car thief behind the wheel isn\'t a good idea. He then sets it to reverse and crushes Nick. After Ashley begins firing at him, he rams the car into her and dives out of the vehicle as the car with her on the hood goes over the edge of the cliff. Nick, still alive but seriously injured, tries to convince Rudy that they can share the money, Rudy locks him in the truck and also sends it over the cliff, resulting in an explosion. Rudy picks up the stolen cash and begins distributing it in mailboxes he comes across on the way home.'] ['In London, the British mob boss Lenny Cole  rules the growing real estate business using a corrupt Councillor  for the bureaucratic services and his henchman Archy  for the dirty work. The main characters are introduced in Archy\'s opening voiceover . A billionaire Russian businessman, Uri Omovich , plans a crooked land deal, and London\'s crooks all want a piece of it. Other key players include the underhand accountant Stella  and ambitious small-time crook One-Two  leading a group called the "Wild Bunch" which includes Mumbles  and Handsome Bob . Uri Omovich meets Lenny for a real estate business and Lenny charges seven-million Euros for the deal; Uri accepts, calls his accountant Stella to launder the necessary funds and lends his lucky painting to Lenny to bring success and fortune to their business. Stella, however, double-crosses Uri and tips off the Wild Bunch to steal the money, while, at the same time, the lucky painting is stolen from Lenny\'s wall by his "junkie" rocker stepson Johnny Quid . In an attempt to find Johnny, Lenny and Archy enlist his record producers Mickey  and Roman  to help track him down. In order to gain leverage over them, Cole\'s men make it clear that their concerts and clubs will be shut down if they do not comply. Meanwhile, after Uri\'s money is violently stolen by the Wild Bunch a second time from a pair of Russian bodyguards, his assistant Victor begins to suspect that it is Lenny who is been stealing the money and purposely keeping Uri\'s painting from him. This theory enrages Uri, who lures Lenny to a private golf game and has his legs broken, warning him to return his painting without delay. Coincidentally, Cookie buys Uri\'s lucky painting from some crackheads who had just stolen it from Johnny\'s hideout. Cookie then gives the painting to One-Two, who, in turn, offers the painting to Stella  as a token of appreciation for the work she has provided the gang. After Stella leaves his flat, One-Two is assaulted by Uri\'s henchmen and is about to be tortured but is rescued, and then kidnapped, by Archy who had come to his home upon finding out One-Two was involved in stealing Uri\'s money. Uri makes a decision regarding Stella, whom he has been smitten with for a long time. He arrives at Stella\'s house to seal their arrangements while also asking her to marry him, but spots his lucky painting in Stella\'s living room. On being asked how long she\'s had it, Stella says she has had it for years, not knowing it is actually his. It is implied that Uri orders Victor to kill her. Meanwhile, Archy brings Johnny, the Wild Bunch, Mickey, and Roman to Lenny\'s warehouse, where Johnny begins to verbally provoke his crippled stepfather. Just as Johnny is about to reveal a damning truth about Lenny in front of everyone, Lenny shoots him in the stomach. Lenny then orders that Johnny, Roman, and Mickey be taken downstairs and executed. He angrily demands that the Wild Bunch tell him where Uri\'s money is. Handsome Bob calls out to Archy and offers the documents in his jacket pocket, confirming what Johnny had been about to reveal: that the "rat" in the ranks, codenamed "Sidney Shaw", was Lenny all along. Lenny arranged with the police to routinely throw many of his associates in prison for years at a time in order to secure his own freedom and sow fear among his gang. One-Two, Mumbles, and even Archy were among the people Lenny has informed on over the years. With the information brought to light, Archy orders Lenny\'s men to free the Wild Bunch and angrily oversees Lenny\'s execution by drowning. Meanwhile, in the lift on their way to their deaths, Johnny graphically explains to Mickey and Roman how they will be executed. His description unnerves the man who\'s to execute the 3 men, prompting him to make a move prematurely. Having also already anticipated this move, Johnny warns Mickey and Roman to intervene and kill their would-be executioner. Johnny shoots two more men waiting at the top of the lift. They overcome the last of the gangsters  and escape. Later, Archy picks up a rehabilitated, but still eccentric, Johnny Quid from the hospital. Archy gives Uri\'s lucky painting to Johnny as a peace offering and "welcome home present", which Johnny happily accepts. Archy reveals to Johnny that obtaining the painting "cost a very wealthy Russian an arm and a leg". The film closes with Johnny proclaiming that, with his newfound freedom from addiction and his father, he will do what he could not before: "become a real RocknRolla". The end credits suggest there will be a sequel titled The Real RocknRolla.'] ["In Los Angeles, Emily Brown is a kleptomaniac, addicted to pills and misses her jailed father and is also having therapy sessions trying to resolve her compulsion. She has a record in the police for shoplifting, and her mother Teresa is a compulsive shopper. The security guard Nick of the Bernstein's department store sees Emily through a camera and becomes fascinated for her. When Nick gets in trouble dealing ecstasy, he presses Emily to help him in a robbery of Bernstein."] ['Heavy fog wreaks havoc among air travelers throughout England. When outspoken Cynthia Beeston  insists on being taken from London Airport to Blackbushe Airport, where she might be able to fly to Dublin, harassed airline employees find emergency relief coach 13 and reserve driver Percy Lamb  to transport her, mild-mannered Henry Waterman , pulp-thriller addict Janie Grey  and Ernest Schroeder . To satisfy a regulation, stewardess "Nikki" Nicholls  is assigned to shepherd them. Rounding out the party is airline first officer Peter Jones , who hitches a ride. Unbeknownst to most of them, robbers have stolen £200,000 worth of gold bullion from the airport bonded store and hidden the proceeds in the boot of the coach. Two of the crooks are caught; under questioning by Inspector Henley ([[John Horsley , one breaks down and admits the gold was stowed on the coach and that the mysterious and notorious "Banker" is the mastermind. Henley informs Percy by radio, but the fog is so thick, Percy has no idea where he is. In mid-call, Peter pokes what feels like a gun into Percy\'s back and tells him to keep driving. They wind up at a deserted booby-trapped village used by the Army for training. When Schroeder finds a Sten gun, Peter grabs it. Schroeder then informs him that it does not work, and produces a pistol of his own. After a scuffle, it turns out that Peter is working for airport security, while Schroeder is a policeman. Miss Beeston - the Banker - ends up with the gun, and her henchman Henry tries to start the coach. Percy saves the day, having removed the rotor from the engine, and knocking the pistol out of Miss Beeston\'s hand with a stone.'] ["Nicole Bonnet loves her father, but he is an art forger whose Paris home is filled with objects like a fake Vincent Van Gogh painting and a Cellini statue of Venus that is actually something her grandfather sculpted, using her grandmother as a model. To great fanfare, the Venus is loaned out by Charles Bonnet to be placed on public display at a museum. Nicole scolds her father repeatedly that he is risking exposure and imprisonment if he continues this deception. In the middle of the night, Simon Dermott is caught by Nicole in her house, removing the Van Gogh from the wall. Although she picks up a gun and accidentally shoots him in the arm, Simon charms his way into a second chance. He even persuades Nicole to drive him back to his hotel, where the only thing he ends up stealing from her is a kiss. A wealthy American named Davis Leland comes by, aggressively expressing his love for Nicole and the Venus, not necessarily in that order. He impulsively gives her a gigantic diamond engagement ring and implores her to sell him the statue at any price. Charles obliges the museum by signing a document insuring the Venus for a million dollars if it is damaged or stolen. He is unaware until it is too late that his signature also authorizes the museum to have the sculpture inspected by an art expert, simply as a formality to confirm its authenticity. Horrified that her father is about to be exposed for the crook he is, Nicole appeals to Simon to break into the museum and steal the Venus. He is reluctant, in part because the building is so heavily guarded, but also because he can't get Nicole to explain why she needs to steal a statue that her own family owns. Simon masterminds the burglary. He and Nicole hide in a closet, from which he is able to escape after business hours even after it has been locked. In the tight confines of the closet, Nicole's resistance to his charms ends when Simon reveals that he has sensed from the very beginning that the statue is a fake. He only went along with Nicole's heist scheme because he has fallen in love with her, and the truth is, he is not a burglar but a British private investigator specializing in art forgery, which is why Simon broke in to examine her Van Gogh that first night, not to steal it. He twice sets off the security system's loud alarms, annoying the guards as well as the politically influential neighbors. Guessing right that the alarms will be shut off permanently, Simon steals the Venus off its pedestal and hides it in Nicole's pail, which she is using to pose as a floor-scrubbing museum cleaning woman. They escape successfully. A day later, as news of the million-dollar robbery dominates the news, Davis is tipped off about an art expert who might be able to find it for him, stolen or not. That expert is Simon Dermott, who does indeed give the American both the artwork and the engagement ring, keeping Nicole for himself."] 