['Cattleman Alvarez Kelly  is contracted to deliver a herd to the Union Army in Virginia. However, as he nears the end of his long cattle drive, Kelly is kidnapped by Confederate raiders led by Colonel Tom Rossiter . The Confederacy desperately needs the beef to feed its soldiers besieged in Richmond. Kelly is "persuaded"  to help steal the herd. For revenge, he arranges passage for Rossiter\'s discontented Southern belle fiancée, Liz Pickering , on a blockade runner leaving the city. Despite the hatred between the two men, they manage to work together. Kelly first teaches Rossiter\'s men how to drive cattle. Then, they proceed to capture and transport the herd, despite the efforts of Union officer Major Albert Stedman ([[Patrick O\'Neal .'] ["During the American Civil War, Union cavalry officer Major Amos Dundee  is relieved of his command for an unspecified tactical error  at the Battle of Gettysburg and was sent to head a prisoner-of-war camp in the New Mexico Territory. After a family of ranchers and a relief column of cavalry are massacred by an Apache war chief named Sierra Charriba , Dundee seizes the opportunity for glory, raising his own private army of Union troops , Confederate prisoners led by his former friend and rival from their days at West Point, Captain Tyreen , several Indian scouts, and a gang of civilian mercenaries to illegally pursue Charriba into Mexico. Tyreen bears a grudge against Dundee. Before the war, Dundee cast the deciding vote in Tyreen's court-martial from the U.S. Army for participating in a duel. However, having given his word of honor, the chivalrous Tyreen binds himself and his men to serve loyally, but only until Charriba has been dispatched. When the diverse factions of Dundee's force aren't fighting each other, they engage the Apaches in several bloody battles.The film is narrated by young bugler, Tim Ryan , whose diary is meant to serve as an ironic counterpoint to the action. The Americans lose most of their supplies in an Apache ambush, forcing them to raid a village garrisoned by French troops loyal to Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. However, there is little to loot, and Dundee ends up sharing some of his dwindling food with the starving Mexicans. Beautiful resident Teresa Santiago , the widow of a doctor executed for his support of the rebels under Benito Juárez, causes further tensions between Dundee and Tyreen. Dundee makes it easy for his French prisoners to escape. When they return with reinforcements as he had expected, Dundee surprises them in a night attack and makes off with badly needed supplies. Teresa ultimately has a short-lived affair with Dundee. In an unguarded moment with her, he is wounded by the Apaches in the leg, forcing him to seek medical help in French-held Durango. The doctor successfully removes the arrow, but Dundee has to remain there to recuperate. He is tended by a pretty Mexican, whom he eventually takes to bed. When Teresa comes upon them unexpectedly, her relationship with Dundee comes to an abrupt end. Dundee starts drinking heavily as a result. Tyreen has to sneak into town and shame Dundee into resuming his mission. Charriba proves difficult to pin down, so Dundee pretends to give up and starts back for the United States. The Apaches give chase and end up in a trap. Charriba is finally killed. With their bargain concluded, Dundee and Tyreen prepare to resume their own personal battle, but the vengeful French appear, forcing the two men to set aside their differences. The two cavalry forces charge each other at the Rio Grande River. When Tyreen is fatally shot, he rides off to singlehandedly delay a second detachment of French cavalry while the others escape."] ['After the American Civil War, highly-respected veteran Captain Kirby York  is expected to replace the outgoing commander at Fort Apache, an isolated U.S. cavalry post. York had commanded his own regiment during the Civil War and was well-qualified to assume permanent command. To the surprise and disappointment of the company, command of the regiment was given to Lieutenant Colonel Owen Thursday . Thursday, a West Point graduate, was a general during the Civil War. Despite his Civil War combat record, Lieutenant Colonel Thursday lacks experience with the Indians he is expected to oversee, and is an arrogant and egocentric officer. Accompanying widower Thursday is his daughter, Philadelphia . She becomes attracted to Second Lieutenant Michael Shannon O\'Rourke , the son of Sergeant Major Michael O\'Rourke . The elder O\'Rourke was a recipient of the Medal of Honor as a major with the Irish Brigade during the Civil War, entitling his son to enter West Point and become an officer. However, the class-conscious Thursday forbids his daughter to see someone he does not consider a gentleman. When there is unrest among the Indians, led by Cochise , Thursday ignores York\'s advice to treat the natives with honor and to remedy problems on the reservation caused by corrupt Indian agent Silas Meacham . Thursday\'s inability to deal with Meacham effectively, due to his rigid interpretation of Army regulations stating that Meacham is an agent of the United States government and therefore entitled to Army protection , coupled with Thursday\'s prejudicial and arrogant ignorance regarding the Apache drives the Indians to rebel. Eager for glory and recognition, Thursday orders his regiment into battle on Cochise\'s terms, a direct charge into the hills, despite York\'s urgent warnings that such a move would be suicidal. Thursday relieves York and orders him to stay back, replacing him with Captain Sam Collingwood ([[George O\'Brien . Following Thursday\'s orders, York spares the younger O\'Rourke from battle. Thursday\'s entire command is nearly wiped out, but a few soldiers manage to escape back to the ridge where Captain York is positioned. Thursday himself survives but then returns to die with the last of his trapped men. Cochise spares York and the rest of the detachment because he knows York to be an honorable man. Subsequently, now Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby York commands the regiment. Meeting with correspondents, he introduces Lt. O\'Rourke, now married to Philadelphia Thursday. A reporter asks Colonel York if he has seen the famous painting depicting "Thursday\'s Charge." York, about to command a new and arduous campaign to bring in the Apaches, while believing that Thursday was a poor tactician and foolhardedly led a suicidal charge, says it is completely accurate and then reminds the reporters that the soldiers will never be forgotten as long as the regiment lives.'] ["Following mistreatment by agency authorities, Ulzana breaks out of the San Carlos Indian Reservation with a small war party. Soon news reaches the local military commander, who sends messengers to local homesteads. Both are ambushed and killed; to avoid capture one kills the woman he is escorting and then himself. The warriors play catch with his heart. The woman's husband, who stayed behind, is captured and tortured to death. Army scout MacIntosh  is given the job of finding Ulzana  for a troop of soldiers led by an inexperienced Lieutenant Garnett DeBuin . Joining them on the mission is a veteran sergeant  and Apache scout Ke-Ni-Tay . Ke-Ni-Tay knows Ulzana, as their wives are sisters. The cavalry troop leaves Fort Lowell and soon finds evidence of the brutal activities of the Apache war party. The film then focuses on the soldiers' reality, facing a merciless enemy with far better local skills. We follow the lieutenant through his struggles with his Christian conscience and view of humanity. MacIntosh and Ke-Ni-Tay attempt to outthink and outfight their enemies, while advising the Lieutenant what to do. Ulzana and most of his men abandon their horses, led circuitously by two others in an attempt to tire the pursuers' heavily loaded mounts. Ke-Ni-Tay notices that the trail is now of unladen horses, and Macintosh works out a plan which leads to the loss of the horses and the death of their two Apache escorts, including Ulzana's son. The lieutenant prevents his men from mutilating the dead. The raiders attack a nearby farm, torturing the homesteaders and seizing two horses. McIntosh realizes that remaining Apaches physically and psychologically need horses and will try to obtain them by raiding the troop. The woman of the burned out farm, instead of being raped to death, has been left alive so that the cavalry will be forced to send her to the fort with an escort. By splitting the troop, Ulzana hopes to successfully attack the escort and seize its horses. McIntosh suggests a decoy plan to make Ulzana falsely believe that his tactics are successful. Ulzana's warriors ambush the small escort detachment, obtaining all of its horses and killing most of the soldiers before DeBuin can arrive with the rest of his force. McIntosh is fatally wounded. Ke-Ni-Tay scatters the captured horses as sounding bugle calls which alert Ulzana of his approach. Ulzana flees afoot as the remnants of his band are killed. Ke-Ni-Tay confronts him and shows him the Army bugle taken from the body of his son. Ulzana puts down his weapons and sings his death song before Ke-Ni-Tay kills him. The troopers suggest that Ulzana, or at least his head, should be taken back to the fort. The lieutenant orders him to be buried. MacIntosh knows he won't survive the journey back to the fort and chooses to stay behind."] ['On the verge of his retirement at Fort Starke, a one-troop cavalry post, the aging US Cavalry Capt. Nathan Cutting Brittles  is given one last patrol, to take his troop and deal with a breakout from the reservation by the Cheyenne and Arapaho following the defeat of George Armstrong Custer. His task is complicated by being forced at the same time to deliver his commanding officer\'s wife and niece, Abby Allshard  and Olivia Dandridge , to an east-bound stage, and by the need to avoid a new Indian war. His troop officers, 1st Lt. Flint Cohill  and 2nd Lt. Ross Pennell  meanwhile vie for the affections of Miss Dandridge while uneasily anticipating the retirement of their captain and mentor. Rounding out the cast are Capt. Brittles\' chief scout, Sgt. Tyree ([[Ben Johnson , a one-time Confederate cavalry officer; his First Sergeant, Quincannon ; and Major Allshard ([[George O\'Brien , long-time friend and commanding officer. After apparently failing in both missions, Capt. Brittles returns with the troop to Fort Starke to retire. His lieutenants continue the mission in the field, joined by Capt. Brittles after "quitting the post and the Army". Unwilling to see more lives needlessly taken, Capt. Brittles takes it upon himself to try to make peace with Chief Pony That Walks . When that too fails, he devises a risky stratagem to avoid a bloody war by stampeding the Indians\' horses out of their camp, forcing the renegades to return to their reservation. The movie ends with Brittles being recalled to duty as chief of scouts with the rank of lieutenant-colonel and Miss Dandridge and Lieutenant Cohill becoming engaged.'] ["A Union cavalry brigade, led by Colonel John Marlowe , is sent on a raid behind Confederate lines to destroy a railroad and supply depot at Newton Station. Ironically, before the war, Marlowe had been a railroad building engineer. With the troop is a new regimental surgeon, Major Henry Kendall  who seems to be constantly at odds with his commander. Kendall is torn between the duty and the horror of war. Complicating matters, while the unit rests at Greenbriar Plantation, Miss Hannah Hunter , the plantation's mistress, and her slave Lukey  eavesdrop on a staff meeting wherein Marlowe discusses his plans. To protect the mission, Marlowe is forced to take the two women with him. Initially hostile to her Yankee captor, Miss Hunter gradually warms to him. In addition to Miss Hunter, Marlowe also has to continually contend with Col. Phil Secord who doubts Marlowe's orders and command decisions. Several battles later, including a fire-fight which results in the death of Lukey, and a skirmish with Boy Cadets from a local military school ,http://archaeotex.blogspot.com/2007/05/cinematic-license.html and with Confederate forces in pursuit, Marlowe and his command reach a bridge which must be stormed in order to access the Union lines. Dr. Kendall is forced to choose between remaining behind with some badly wounded men , or leaving the men without medical care until the Confederates arrive. Marlowe, wounded, is able to lead his troops over the bridge after they have set charges under it. First, he lights the fuse and the bridge blows up to halt the Confederates once again. He and his command continue on to their destination having successfully completed their mission. This is not shown but is understood. See below."] ['Major Robert Parrish of the 7th Cavalry is considered by some to be his own worst enemy due to his not being a "team player". Formerly one of the youngest Colonels in the Union Army during the War Between the States he is now a company commander under Colonel, formerly General George Custer. His fiancée Kathy, the daughter of Parrish\'s Commanding General, breaks off their engagement thinking him a loser because he has not risen in rank. Parrish gains no friends amongst the civilian community when he chastises them and threatens to "break heads" when they violate Sioux lands. Custer and Parrish\'s exasperated General and once prospective father in law reassigns Parrish and his company to the Bureau of Indian Affairs where once again Parrish\'s integrity damages his career potential when he is outraged at the treatment of the Indians and refuses to carry out the orders of the Indian Agent to shoot his escaping charges. Parrish is court maritaled and visits his former Commanding General now President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant who demotes him to Captain. Parrish does talk the President into coming to the Western frontier to meet up with Chief Sitting Bull to prevent a war. Back in the West, now Captain Parrish meets Kathy who has announced her engagement with Charles Wentworth, a former Major and now a war correspondent. Using some captured Indians, including Sam, a former slave now a Sioux, Parrish meets with Sitting Bull who agrees to meet the President in a secret meeting. Further conflicts with the Sioux leads Custer to lead his Regiment out assigning Parrish to guard supplies. Following the Battle of the Little Bighorn that eliminates Custer, most of his men, and his romantic rival Wentworth, Parrish tries to smooth over things with Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse. As Parrish knows the US Army\'s plan of attack, he leads the Sioux to safety in the North. Parrish has really done it this time and is court martialed again, stripped of his rank and sentenced to death by firing squad for treason.'] ["On the Northwest Frontier of colonial India, circa 1880, contact has been lost with a British outpost at Tantrapur in the midst of a telegraph message. Colonel Weed  dispatches a detachment of 25 British Indian Army troops to investigate, led by three sergeants of the Royal Engineers, MacChesney , Cutter , and Ballantine , long-time friends and veteran campaigners. Although they are a disciplinary headache for their colonel, they are the right men to send on a dangerous mission. Accompanying the detail are six Indian camp workers, including regimental bhisti  Gunga Din ([[Sam Jaffe , who longs to throw off his lowly status and become a soldier of the Queen. They find Tantrapur apparently deserted and set about repairing the telegraph. However, they are soon surrounded by hostile natives. The troops fight their way out. Colonel Weed and Major Mitchell  identify an enemy weapon brought back as belonging to the Thuggee, a murderous cult that had been suppressed for many years. Ballantine is due to leave the army in a few days to wed Emmy Stebbins  and go into the tea business, a combined calamity that MacChesney and Cutter consider worse than death. Meanwhile, Gunga Din tells Cutter of a temple he has found, one made of gold. Cutter is determined to make his fortune, but MacChesney will have none of it and has Cutter put in the stockade to prevent his desertion. That night, Cutter escapes with Din's help and goes to the temple, which is all that Din had claimed. Unfortunately, they discover that it belongs to the Thugs when the owners return. Cutter creates a distraction and allows himself to be captured so that Din can slip away and sound the warning. When Din gives MacChesney the news, he decides to go to the rescue. Ballantine wants to go too, but MacChesney points out that he cannot, as he is now a civilian. Ballantine reluctantly agrees to reenlist, on the understanding that the enlistment paper will be torn up after the rescue. Emmy tries to dissuade him from going, but he refuses to desert his friends. Due to miscommunication between Din and MacChesney, the trio foolishly enter the temple by themselves and are easily captured. They manage to free themselves and take the fanatical guru of the cultists  hostage on the roof of the temple. A standoff ensues.  When the regiment comes to the rescue, the guru boasts that they are marching into the trap he has set, with the three sergeants as bait. He orders his men to take their positions, but when he sees that they are unwilling to leave him in enemy hands, he leaps to his death in a pit full of cobras to remove that obstacle. Thugs then climb the temple and overwhelm the soldiers, shoot and bayonet Cutter. Gunga Din is also bayoneted, but manages with the last of his strength to climb to the top of the gold dome of the temple and sounds the alarm with the bugle. He is then shot dead, but the British force is alerted and defeats the Thuggee forces. At Din's funeral pyre, the colonel formally inducts Gunga Din as a British corporal and reads the last lines of the Kipling poem over the body: :So I'll meet 'im later on :At the place where 'e is gone -- :Where it's always double drill and no canteen; :'E'll be squattin' on the coals :Givin' drink to poor damned souls, :An' I'll get a swig in hell from Gunga Din! :Yes, Din! Din! Din! :You Lazarushian-leather Gunga Din! :Though I've belted you and flayed you, :By the livin' Gawd that made you, :You're a better man than I am, Gunga Din!"] ["In 1883, US Cavalry lieutenant Matthew Hazard, newly graduated from West Point, is assigned to isolated Fort Delivery on the Mexican border of Arizona, where he meets commanding officer Teddy Mainwarring's wife Kitty, whom he later rescues from an Indian attack. Soon after a new commander, Major General Alexander Quait, takes charge. When his efforts to capture Chiricahua chief War Eagle fail, he orders Hazard into Mexico to cajole the man into surrendering. Hazard convinces War Eagle to return with him with the promise the Indians will be provided a safe haven at a reservation in Arizona. En route to the fort, they encounter Major Miller, who orders the Indians be sent to Florida. Hazard and Quaint journey to Washington, D.C. to request government officials to reverse their decision and allow Hazard to keep his word to War Eagle."] ['The movie opens in 1932 when World War I veterans are protesting and rallying in Washington D.C. for war bonuses they were promised but never received from the government, a true event known as the Bonus March. The US Cavalry and Infantry are present for crowd control. The mounted cavalry is ordered by Maj. John Hardesty  to present their sabers in order to hold back the protesters. First Sergeant John "Top" Libbey , along with three fellow soldiers, refuse to raise their arms because the demonstrators were men they served with during the war. As a consequence, their military careers are tarnished and they are relegated to duty at a remote post in the American Southwest. Two years later, Lt. Marshall Buxton  arrives at his new post, where it is discovered during his interview with retiring Col. Stuart  that he was assigned because of a fight and that many of the others there are also due to insubordination. Lt. Buxton meets Sergeants Libbey, Quinlain, Mulcahey and Shattuck, who together manage the herd of remounts. Col. Stuart is replaced as post commander by Hardesty, who has been promoted to colonel. Hardesty\'s mission is to aid in the transition to a mechanized army. To accomplish this, the horses at the outpost will have to be destroyed. Buxton is ordered to escort the animals to slaughter. While watching the horses being helplessly shot to death in a mass grave, Lt. Buxton decides, with the concurrence of Libbey and the others, to end the massacre and drive the remaining herd to safety. A manhunt ensues that forces the renegade men and horses north. Along the way, the men get a little help from Retired Col. Stuart in his standing with the War Department and the Colonel\'s daughter , who is a journalist. Many of the horses are lost during the journey, due to exhaustion and injuries. After reaching the Canadian border and making a final run with the horses, the men are granted a pardon by President Roosevelt while dodging a light artillery attack by Hardesty\'s men, who have followed the recreants since their insurrection. Buxton\'s men and the remaining horses are allowed safe passage across the border by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. While Lt. Buxton decides to return to the United States to face charges, the remainder of his group decide to stay in Canada.'] ['The film follows the life of George Armstrong Custer  including his attending the West Point Military Academy, his wooing of Elizabeth "Libby" Bacon  who becomes his loving wife, and his participation in the American Civil War and the Battle of Little Big Horn. Custer enters West Point and quickly establishes himself as a troublemaker, after showing up in an outfit he designed himself that made him appear as a visiting officer. After he is almost kicked out of West Point for the misunderstanding, he signs up as a cadet, and stacks up demerits for pranks, unruliness, and disregard of rules. When the Civil War breaks out his class at West Point is graduated early, including Custer who graduates at the bottom of the class, and is ordered to report to Washington, D.C.. Custer\'s relationship with Libby Bacon begins at West Point, when he is walking a punishment tour around the campus. On punishment, he is not allowed to talk, but he is approached by Libby who is looking for directions. As soon as his punishment is over, he runs after her, and tells her he will meet her at her front porch that evening. Because of his orders to travel to Washington, Custer misses his meeting with her. Once in Washington, Custer befriends General Winfield Scott  who aids him in being placed with the 2nd Cavalry. He becomes a war hero after disregarding his superiors\' orders in a crucial battle and successfully defending a bridge for the infantry to cross. He is awarded a medal while recovering in hospital after a shot to the shoulder, then gets leave to go home to Monroe, Michigan. He meets Libby again but angers her father, who had been a butt of his joking at a bar earlier in day. Custer returns to his regiment. Due to a miscommunication from the war department, he is promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. He takes command of the Michigan Brigade at Gettysburg, wins the day, and many victories follow him all the way to Appomattox. Upon returning home to Monroe as a hero, Custer marries Libby and they set up a house together. However, Custer is bored with civilian life and has begun to drink. Libby visits Custer\'s friend General Scott and asks him to assign Custer to a regiment again. He agrees, and Custer is given a Lt. Colonel\'s commission in the Dakota Territory, where he will ultimately be involved in the Battle of Little Big Horn, later also called "Custer\'s Last Stand". When Custer and Libby arrive in the Dakota Territory, Custer finds the soldiers he is supposed to lead are drunken, rowdy good-for-nothings. An old enemy from West Point, Ned Sharp ([[Arthur Kennedy , is running the bar in town, as well as the General Store which is providing firearms to the local Native Americans. Furious, Custer shuts down the bar and teaches his troops a song, "Garryowen", which brings fame to the 7th Cavalry. They have many engagements with Dakota leader Crazy Horse . Crazy Horse wants peace but wants a treaty to protect the Black Hills. Custer and Washington sign the treaty. The new treaty is almost bankrupting Sharp\'s trading posts so they spread a rumor of discovery of rich gold deposits in the area, to get Euro-American settlers to stream into the Black Hills. Custer and his troops will permit no infraction of the treaty. However, Sharp gives the troops each a bottle of liquor right before they are supposed to report, and they embarrass Custer by riding past Commissioner Taipe  while drunk. Custer hits Taipe in anger and is relieved of his command. On the train home, Custer hears from Libby about Sharp\'s attempts to start a gold rush in the Black Hills, a plan that would bring lots of business to Sharp\'s shipping line. Outraged, Custer takes the information to the U.S. Congress, but they ridicule him. When news arrives that the presence of gold miners has led to open conflict between Native Americans and U.S. troops, Custer appeals to President Ulysses S. Grant who restores to him command of the 7th. On the day of "Custer\'s Last Stand", Custer realizes that a group of infantry will march into a valley where thousands of Native Americans stand ready to fight them. Knowing the infantry won\'t have a chance, he says a tearful goodbye to Libby and leads his battalion into the battle to save the infantry. Arrows fly and horses trample across the valley, and all are killed, including Sharp, who had elected to ride with the regiment to, as Custer puts it, "Death or glory. It depends on one\'s point of view", and who admits with his last breath that Custer may have been right about glory and money when he said that "At least you can take [glory] with you". Custer himself is finally downed by a gunshot from Crazy Horse. In the film, the battle is blamed on unscrupulous corporations and politicians craving the land of Crazy Horse and his people. Custer is portrayed as a fun-loving, dashing figure who chooses honor and glory over money and corruption. Though his "Last Stand" is probably treated as more significant and dramatic than it may have actually been, Custer follows through on his promise to teach his men "to endure and die with their boots on." In the movie\'s version of Custer\'s story, a few corrupt white politicians goad the western tribes into war, threatening the survival of all white settlers in the West. Custer and his men give their lives at Little Bighorn to delay the Indians and prevent this slaughter. A letter left behind by Custer absolves the Indians of all responsibility.'] ['1st Lieutenant Curtis McQuade , a cavalry officer without field experience, is assigned to a remote, understaffed post where he attempts to adjust to this new life under the once-disgraced Captain Maddocks .'] 