["A troubled and irresponsible man, Nick Wrigley  was hacked by some group of criminals who are looking for a bank account code to Nick's boss. The criminals manage to find his apartment and start beating him. They tell him they want their money by Christmas. They leave and Nick decides to run away. Nick is leaving the building when the biggest member of the gang sees him leaving and chases him. Nick manages to escape when he runs to a North Pole stage where kids meet Santa Claus. He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother's house. Meanwhile the house's mischievous 14-year-old Danny Wrigley ([[Josh Zuckerman  welcomes his uncle because he has a better relationship with him than any other person in his family. Danny's father  however is less than thrilled to see his older brother, while his wife  welcomes Nick. Danny's parents, both doctors, are called into the hospital and reluctantly leave Nick to look after their three children. On Christmas Eve, Santa comes to the house with a device that can freeze time, in order to put the family's presents under the tree unnoticed. An object hits the device, time goes back to normal, and Nick hits him unconscious. They decide to deliver Santa's presents. While Nick is delivering the presents, unbeknown to Danny he is stealing from the houses. When Danny finds out that Nick is stealing he feels betrayed and goes back home in Santa's sleigh. Meanwhile, Danny's younger siblings, Kaitlyn  and Peter ([[Rhys Williams  found an unconscious Santa  on the floor of their living room. He wakes up and convinces them that he is Santa. They find out that Danny and Nick stole the sleigh and presents and Santa says that Danny will be on the naughty list forever. When Danny comes back he apologizes to Santa, but the sleigh is broken. Nick is sitting at a bus stop when he sees the three men who had been threatening him earlier in the movie. They ask him where the address to his brother's house is . Nick doesn't answer them and they drive off. Nick realizes a second later they are going to his brother's house, which means that his family is in trouble. Nick, who still has Santa's device, races back to the house and get there just in time. He saves his family from the men using the device and the men drive away terrified. Nick returns the device to Santa and then gives Santa his beloved laptop to fix Santa's sleigh and save Christmas. The next morning, Nick wakes up and sees Santa has given him the guitar that he has wanted since childhood, but never got for Christmas because he was on the naughty list."] ["Like Berry Blossom Festival before it, it is basically two of the TV episodes shown back to back:  The Pie-Man and Sour Grapes scheme to take over Strawberryland by having Sour Grapes pose as a dance instructor and keep the girls busy. However, Sour Grapes soon had a change of heart and found that she really does enjoy teaching the girls, and betrays the Pie-Man.  A new girl, Apricot, moves into Strawberryland. However, she makes up tall tales to try to blend in to the group. Soon, however, she learns that one doesn't need tall tales to have someone like them."] ['Strawberry rids Strawberryland of a strange, horrible smelling purple cloud with the help of her new friends, the Berry Princess and her helpers, the Berrykins. "Strawberry Shortcake Meets The Berrykins" featured the first  animated appearance of new friend Banana Twirl, and the Berry Princess, mystical guardian of the sprite-like Berrykins. Strawberry\'s friends Blueberry Muffin, Raspberry Tart, Lemon Meringue and Lime Chiffon were all featured in this special, but were not merchandised as part of 1985\'s "Berrykins" line of Dolls by Kenner. Furthermore, Mint Tulip, who WAS produced as a "Berrykins" Doll, did NOT appear in this special.'] ['Strawberry Shortcake: Pets on Parade chronicles Strawberryland\'s "Second Annual Grand Old Petable Pet Show and Pet Parade." Strawberry Shortcake and her cat, Custard, are the judges of the pet show, but the Purple Pieman and Sour Grapes plan to enter their own pets into the show and frame Strawberry for cheating.'] ['While Cobra Commander and Serpentor blame each other\'s stewardship of Cobra as the root cause of the organization\'s failures, a mysterious woman breaks into the Terror Drome. Cobra Commander leads the counter-attack, but in an attempt to rid himself of Serpentor, allows the intruder to escape. Reaching Serpentor, the intruder reveals herself as Pythona, who comes from a secret civilization known as Cobra-La. Pythona states that they were responsible for inspiring Doctor Mindbender to create Serpentor through dream manipulation. At her urging, Serpentor plans to capture G.I. Joe\'s newest weapon, the Broadcast Energy Transmitter , a device that, when activated, sends out surges of electrical power. Cobra assaults the Joes as they test the BET in the Himalayas. The Joes use the BET to activate their automated weapons systems and defeat the Cobra forces. Serpentor is captured and Cobra Commander orders a retreat. Cobra Commander leads his troops into the mountains, promising them a safe haven. A small detachment of G.I. Joe forces follow them. As the Joes celebrate their victory, a new group of rookie Joes are brought onto the team, including the allegedly clumsy kunoichi Jinx, military police officer Law and his dog Order, former basketball player Big Lob, EOD specialist Tunnel Rat, undercover officer Chuckles, and the rebellious slacker and half-brother to Duke, the green beret Lieutenant Falcon. Falcon and Duke dislike each other due to Falcon\'s immaturity and irresponsibility. Pursued by a cadre of G.I. Joe troops, Cobra Commander leads his forces to Cobra-La. An army of insect-armor wearing soldiers attack the Joe forces and imprison them within the Lovecraftian living environment of Cobra-La. The Cobra soldiers are met by Cobra-La\'s leader Golobulus. Golobulus orders Cobra Commander arrested as the rest of the group learns the secret origin of both Cobra-La and Cobra: Cobra-La was an ancient civilization that ruled the Earth, in part due to their advanced scientific knowledge that allowed them to manipulate and convert living creatures into advanced bio-organic technology. Their society was devastated by the onset of the Ice Age, forcing the survivors into caverns within the Himalayan mountains. As centuries passed, Cobra-La rebuilt their society in secret. Golobulus, hating humanity due to their polluting technology and ecologically unfriendly ways, vowed to wipe them off the face of the Earth, and found an agent in the form of a former nobleman who was working on biological weapons of mass destruction. A lab accident caused the nobleman\'s face to be permanently disfigured with eight additional eyes. Equipping him with a featureless silver facemask that allowed his multiple eyes to work normally, as well as a uniform that allowed him to pass for human, the nobleman became Cobra Commander and was charged with conquering the world for Cobra-La. However, Cobra Commander\'s repeated failures led Golobulus to arrange for Serpentor\'s creation, by implanting the inspiration to create Serpentor into Doctor Mindbender\'s brain with a small creature called a "psychic motivator". Golobulus punishes Cobra Commander for his repeated failures, exposing him to the biological weapon Cobra Commander disfigured himself developing years earlier: mutative spores that slowly transform Cobra Commander into a large snake. He escapes and makes his way to the Joes\' camp with Roadblock, blinded in hand-to-hand combat with Golobulus\' huge henchman, the Nemesis Enforcer. Zarana is sent to the Joes\' main base in disguise, where she seduces Lt. Falcon into letting her view Serpentor\'s holding cell. Duke catches him in the act and having abandoned his training. Duke ends up putting Lt. Falcon on guard duty until he says otherwise. After Falcon abandons his post to flirt with Jinx later that night, the Dreadnoks free Serpentor with the aid of the Nemesis Enforcer. Lt. Falcon is scolded by General Hawk for abandoning his post which led to some of the G.I. Joe members being hospitalized. General Hawk ends up condemning Lt. Falcon to his quarters until court-martial. With Serpentor freed, Golobulus orders the rest of Cobra to aid him in his scheme to destroy humanity. Golobulus intends to launch mutagenic spore pods into orbit and use the BET to hatch the spores, mutating all of humanity into mindless animals to be controlled by Cobra-La. General Hawk is convinced by Duke to spare Lt. Falcon a harsh punishment. The other generals reassign Lt. Falcon to the "Slaughter House" where he is to be whipped back into shape by Sergeant Slaughter and his "Renegades" consisting of ex-Viper Mercer, former football player Red Dog, and former acrobat Taurus. While on a recon mission to the Terrordome , Slaughter and his crew learn of Cobra\'s plans. The Joes mobilize to protect the BET, leaving Falcon and the new recruits behind. When Cobra attacks, the recruits take it upon themselves to help the Joes. Cobra mounts a large offensive and steals the BET device. Serpentor nearly kills Falcon, but he is saved by Duke at the last moment. Taking the attack meant for Falcon, Duke falls into a coma. Falcon, the Renegades and the new recruits head to the Himalayas to stop Cobra-La. The G.I. Joe team is led to Cobra-La\'s lair by Cobra Commander, who loses his mental faculties as he mutates. The new recruits prove themselves as valuable soldiers as the Joes rescue their captured teammates and foil Golobulus\'s plans as he gets away. Old scores are settled as Jinx defeats Pythona, Sgt. Slaughter battles and defeats the Nemesis Enforcer and Falcon causes Serpentor to lose control of his air chariot and is sent hurtling out of Cobra-La. Together, Slaughter and Jinx enable Falcon to reconfigure the BET to incinerate the spore pods in space, destroying them. The machine overloads, destroying Cobra-La. As the Joes celebrate their victory, Doc announces that Duke has come out of his coma.'] ['A series of mysterious lightning storms are wreaking havoc worldwide as they spiral through the atmosphere toward Greenland. Once they collide, they will create one massive storm that will result in cataclysmic destruction. The Rescue Heroes use their new Mission Select equipment to contain the disasters all over the world caused by these strange storms. But Billy Blazes is poisoned on a mission and getting weaker by the moment, and Rocky Canyon is grounded for insubordination, therefore making the team short-handed. The Rescue Heroes face their biggest challenge yet, since they must find a cure to save Billy and solve the mystery of the storms in order to save the world in time.'] ['{{Cleanup}} One day Rupert decides to climb the hills. With his Mother\'s blessing he sets off for a jolly trip. On the way he encounters his friends Bill and Edward. Rupert asks them if they join him on his trip to the hills, but Edward has to do some shopping while Bill has to look after his baby brother. Rupert accepts his friends are busy, as he sets out to the hills and wishes them a good day. Once there, he props himself up against the trunk of an oak tree and sucks in the glory of the countryside. Suddenly he finds himself enveloped by a rainbow cloud of butterflies, and all of them swarm away from the leafless oak tree towards a rocky outcrop and Rupert could not resist following them. Once he leaves, a large white Barn Owl lands on the barren tree along with two black cats. All three of them soon follow Rupert. Upon the rocks, Rupert finds a large number of multicolored frogs. He walks into a cave behind a waterfall and sees three signs: "Frogs only beyond this Point", "Everything except frogs must be kept on a lead", and "Guard frogs operating". He sneaks into the palace, trying to avoid getting caught by the frog guards. After a moment of silence, most of the frogs sing "We All Stand Together". Around the end, the frog King and Queen rise out of the water before the crowd. After a thunderous applause from the frogs, The owl, , launches for an attack on the royals, Rupert yells, "Look out!" and all the frogs quickly disappear. The king and queen are almost snatched by the barn owl, but they re-submerge just in time, the owl leaves, along with the cats, disappointed. Rupert\'s mother soon after calls him back home, and Rupert excitedly tells her about what he saw of the Frog Song.'] ["Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name chronicles Strawberry Shortcake's annual summer camping trip, where she and her friends encounter a monster in the woods. The Peculiar Purple Pie Man and Sour Grapes attempt to capture it to become rich and famous."] ['A celebrity roast for Fred Flintstone on his 48th birthday featuring Yogi Bear, Jabberjaw, Huckleberry Hound, Scooby-Doo, The Banana Splits, Hong Kong Phooey, Quick Draw McGraw, Snagglepuss and The Hair Bear Bunch. The show is hosted by Roy Clark and Bonnie Franklin with special guest stars The Sylvers and featuring Course & Young, the Fentons, Sashi Kuchiki, the Ice Capettes and a special appearance by The Skatebirds. When Roy and Bonnie announce the guest of honor, Fred is at home watching the event on TV. As Fred and Barney rush off to the ice arena, the show continues with musical numbers, mediocre ice displays including a comedy team, precision skating, disco-on-ice, jazz skating and an acrobatic number with fiery torches. When Fred finally arrives, the guests perform a "Happy Birthday" salute.'] ['Strawberry Shortcake is dreaming of a world filled with berry plants that she and her friends can share. But when the Peculiar Pie Man comes to Strawberry Land, her dreams and friendships begin dying, leading to a crop whose stock has been devoured by "Berry Birds".<ref name26681 Review of Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie] by Mike Long . DVD Talk. Retrieved March 2, 2007. After arranging a sleepover with her friends, Strawberry and the rest travel to the Land of Dreams on a Dreamboat that Ginger Snap has built, in order to stop the Pie Man from taking over their residence.Plot summary for Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie at the Internet Movie Database.Rose Theater: Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie - Story Synopsis.'] ['The movie opens with Lalu, a friend of David Seville, putting up a banner saying "Welcome Chipmunks" on the porch of her magic cottage. One of her friends, Gilda  believes that having children around is a bad idea. PC  says that his mom used to say "nothing warms up a home like children\'s laughter". Dave arrives with Alvin, Brittany, Simon, Jeanette, Theodore, and Eleanor. Dave has to go out of town, and Lalu is happy to have six pre-schoolers stay with her and her friends. Sam and Lou, two gophers, report to the viewers at home about the feelings the characters are experiencing. Alvin doesn\'t like that Dave is gone, and Lalu explains that she felt the same way when she was little. They play the role of Peter Pan and Captain Hook for a while. Later, Lalu tells Gilda, Alvin and Brittany a story about a sea serpent attacking a ship, when Simon comes in all wet. Simon explains that the toilet exploded, and it was caused by Theodore. Lalu sees that the toilet is filled with a hair brush, tooth picks, a toy horse, shoes, squeak toys, etc. Gilda tells PC that he was supposed to be watching Theodore. Theodore lies and said it was Gilda . Lalu explains that she was mad about the toilet exploding, but remembers that we all make mistakes sometimes, and tells Theodore of a time she made a mistake. After hearing this, Theodore tells the truth, and Lalu congratulates him. As Lalu is readying Eleanor for naptime, Brittany comes in saying that Jeanette stole and ate her lipstick. As PC sings "Rock-a-bye Chipmunk" to Eleanor, Alvin and Simon try to steal a napping Theodore\'s teddy bear with a fishing line, but Lalu stops them. Alvin explains that he and Simon didn\'t have any toys to play with, until Lalu opens a shelf full of stuffed animals. Lalu explains to Jeanette that eating lipstick could be a problem - for one, it wasn\'t hers; and two, lipstick isn\'t good for your stomach. Jeanette decides to get Brittany another lipstick, but doesn\'t have any money. Lalu suggests that Jeanette work for her, and she could earn enough money to do so, and Jeanette agrees. Alvin comes in dressed as "Super Alvin", hiding from Simon who is dressed as a magician. Simon demands his cape back. They get into a fight, until Lalu intervenes, and suggests that they figure out a way to take turns with the cape. Suddenly, Jeanette comes in, dressed in yellow boots, an apron, gloves, a smog mask, ear covers and a feather duster , saying that she was ready for work; cleaning everyone\'s shoes, makes Lalu\'s bed, dusts off the furniture, scrubs the kitchen floor , helps Lalu with the groceries, and helps Lalu with baking muffins  . Jeanette evenutally makes enough money to buy Brittany a new lipstick. Meanwhile, Simon turns on a fan to help "Super Alvin" fly in the air, but he ultimately falls. Afterwards, Alvin and Simon with his magic, to try to bring a dead plant back to live and it works!. That night at dinner, they get a call from Dave. The children explain what they did that day, and soon after a story ([[The Blue Bird , everyone falls asleep in Lalu\'s bed. Next day, Alvin and Simon take some tin foil, saying that it will change the face of science forever. As Theodore follows his brother, Brittany comes in saying that Jeanette stole her oven. Jeanette claims she "borrowed" it. She explains that every time she asks, Brittany always says no. As Jeanette leaves to clean up the mess, a coin falls from Brittany\'s pocket. She explains that Tyler from school gave it to her, but Gilda comes in and says Tyler\'s mom called, saying that Tyler lost his coin. Then Lalu explains to Brittany that we sometimes take things that aren\'t ours because we really, really want them. And also that it is okay to be sad, but it is not okay to take things that aren\'t ours. Brittany realizes that Tyler is feeling bad, and has to give back his coin. Meanwhile, as Lalu and Brittany go to Tyler\'s to return his coin, Alvin and Simon have used the tin foil to build a spaceship, pretending to be aliens. Theodore wants in on the fun, but his brothers say no, hurting Theodore\'s feelings . Feeling sad and angry at the same time, Theodore feels the need to hit Alvin. Lalu explains that hitting someone isn\'t nice and that doing so can hurt somebody\'s feelings. She shows Theodore something that he can hit; a balloon. Suddenly, Alvin comes and invites Theodore to play. As they prepare for a tea party, Brittany explains that she feels much better about everything. Then Jeanette comes in after cleaning Brittany\'s oven, after which Brittany invites Jeanette to their tea time. Meanwhile, Gilda tries to have Eleanor  be a "proper lady". As Lalu, Brittany and Jeanette enjoy their tea party, Simon dressed in tin foil surprises everyone, chasing off Brittany and Jeanette. Then Alvin with Theodore and PC on his shoulders, dressed in tin foil as well surprise Lalu, who takes Eleanor with her as she runs away from the "monster". Sam and Lou also surprise Gilda by dressing up in tin foil. That night, Lalu prepares Alvin for bed in the big bed, after having some fun with him. Next day, Alvin, Brittany, Jeanette and Simon wake Lalu up to tell her that she\'s in their band. But Lalu has to decline and take care of Eleanor . After many attempts, Lalu decides to call the doctor. The reason for her crying is that she had to burp and now needs her diaper changed. Seeing how much time Lalu is spending with Eleanor, Alvin becomes jealous . Lalu talks to Alvin, and shows that even though she had to help the baby, she still had plenty of love to go around, even for him. They decide to have a special time together whenever Eleanor has her nap, and Alvin can help with Eleanor. Suddenly, Dave arrives, having finished his song, and the Chipmunks and the Chipettes offer to help practice .'] 