["Littlefoot and his friends are constantly being bullied and browbeaten by three teenage dinosaurs: Hyp, a Hypsilophodon; Nod, a Nodosaurus; and Mutt, a Muttaburrasaurus. However, when a shower of flying rocks impacts near the Great Valley and causes a rock slide in the Mysterious Beyond, which blocks the water supply of the Great Valley, Hyp, Nod, and Mutt are no longer the biggest worry of Littlefoot and his friends. The increasing lack of water causes conflicts between the inhabitants of the Great Valley, who have lived in relative peace and harmony until this event. When the interspecies situation becomes worse and worse, Littlefoot and the others set out to find water, whereby to keep the peace in the Great Valley. They are pursued by Hyp and his cohorts. When Littlefoot and the others find a small lake, the teenagers emerge and claim the waterhole for themselves, demanding that Littlefoot and the others keep silent about their discovery. Unwilling to comply, Littlefoot and the others flee from the bullies and during the following pursuit, the bullies are then chased away by a wasp after Mutt accidentally called it a dummy, and the kids discover the reason for the blockage of the Great Valley’s water source. Before they can return and tell the other Valley inhabitants the truth, the storm approaches, a lightning strike on a tree, ignites a wildfire that spreads rapidly through the dried Valley. The dinosaurs barely make it to safety at the edge of the Mysterious Beyond while the fire ravages their home. When the protagonists tell the other dinosaurs of their discovery of the water's being blocked in the Mysterious Beyond by the rock slide, disunity about what to do prevents the adult dinosaurs from doing anything to utilize this knowledge. Hyp, Mutt, and Nod set out into the Mysterious Beyond on their own to get to the water first. Anticipating the danger to which Hyp and his cohorts have exposed themselves, and recognizing commonality with them, Littlefoot and the others follow them, in order to help if necessary. It becomes necessary when a pool of water Hyp enters turns out to be a dangerous tar pit. Littlefoot and the others pull him out of the tar by combined effort. Soon afterwards, the adult dinosaurs appear in search of their offspring and are united by the understanding that it was the unity of their children that helped them to find water. It is implied during the discussion thereof that Hyp's own experience of harsh treatment by his father is the cause of his harshness toward others after he bullies Littlefoot and the others and leads the argument of Cera's father and Littlefoot's grandfather with Cera's dad calling Littlefoot a bad influence enraging Grandpa which he causes, and implied later that being treated kindly improves the temperaments of Hyp and his sidekicks. Before they are able to take further steps, the herd is attacked by a pack of four small Sharpteeth. The following pursuit leads to the bed of the now dry river that flows through the Great Valley and exactly to the spot where a dam of boulders created by the rockslide has blocked the river. During the following encounter between the sharpteeth and the herbivorous dinosaurs, the unity of the children &mdash; a group which now includes Hyp and his cronies &mdash; proves elemental. Cera's father, Littlefoot's grandfather, and later Hyp's father keep the sharpteeth occupied while Cera and the now placid teenagers succeed in breaking the dam. They all watch as the freed water washes away the sharpteeth . The herbivores return to the Valley, which now has enough water for them, although the fire has destroyed most of the plants on which they feed. Working together, the dinosaurs survive the time until the plants start to grow again by feeding on the last remains of the plants, moving from one verdant area to another and sharing everything they find; a behavior which gives this time its name “The Time of the Great Giving”."] ['Joseph, son of Israel  and Rachel, lived in the land of Canaan with eleven brothers and one sister. He was Rachel\'s firstborn and Israel\'s eleventh son. Of all the sons, Joseph was loved by his father the most. Israel even arrayed Joseph with a "long coat of many colors".Another possible translation is "coat with long sleeves" - see "A Dictionary of the Targumim, Talmud Bavli, Talmud Yerushalmi and Midrashic Literature", 1903. ISBN 1-932443-20-7 Israel\'s favoritism toward Joseph caused his half brothers to hate him, and when Joseph was seventeen years old he had two dreams that made his brothers plot his demise. In the first dream, Joseph and his brothers gathered bundles of grain. Then, all of the grain bundles that had been prepared by the brothers gathered around Joseph\'s bundle and bowed down to it. In the second dream, the sun , the moon  and eleven stars  bowed down to Joseph himself. When he told these two dreams to his brothers, they despised him for the implications that the family would be bowing down to Joseph. They became jealous that their father would even ponder over Joseph\'s words concerning these dreams.  They saw their chance when they were feeding the flocks, the brothers saw Joseph from afar and plotted to kill him. They turned on him and stripped him of the coat his father made for him, and threw him into a pit. As they pondered what to do with Joseph, the brothers saw a camel caravan of Ishmaelites coming out of Gilead, carrying spices and perfumes to Egypt, for trade. Judah, the strongest, thought twice about killing Joseph and proposed that he be sold. The traders paid twenty pieces of silver for Joseph, and the brothers took Joseph\'s coat back to Jacob, who assumed Joseph had been killed by wild animals.  The text of the biblical story is muddled over who sold Joseph into slavery - which of the brothers, Reuben or Judah, and whether he was sold to Midianite traders or Ishmaelite traders. What is clear is that Joseph was sold to serve Potiphar, the captain of Pharaoh\'s guard.{{bibleverse}}, {{bibleverse}} While serving in Potiphar\'s household, Yahweh was with Joseph so that he prospered in everything he did. Joseph found favor in the sight of Potiphar and so he became his personal servant. Then Joseph was promoted to oversee Potiphar\'s entire household as a superintendent. After some time, Potiphar\'s wife began to desire Joseph and sought to have an affair with him. Despite her persistence, he refused to have sex with her for fear of sinning against God. After some days of begging for him, she grabbed him by his cloak, but he escaped from her leaving his garment behind. Angered by his running away from her, she took his garment and made a false claim against him by charging that he tried have sex with her. This resulted in Joseph being thrown into prison.Josephus claims that Potiphar basically fell for his wife\'s crocodile tears even though he couldn\'t believe that Joseph was capable of "making sport" of his wife. - Josephus. The Antiquities of the Jews, Book II, 4.1-5   The warden put Joseph in charge of the other prisoners,{{bibleverse}} and soon afterward Pharaoh\'s chief cup bearer and chief baker, who had offended the Pharaoh, were thrown into the prison.{{bibleverse}} They both had dreams, and they asked Joseph to help interpret them. The chief cup bearer had held a vine in his hand, with three branches that brought forth grapes; he took them to Pharoah and put them in his cup. The chief baker had three baskets of bread on his head, intended for Pharoah, but some birds came along and ate the bread. Joseph told them that within three days the chief cup bearer would be reinstated but the chief baker would be hanged.{{bibleverse}} Joseph requested the cup bearer to mention him to Pharaoh and secure his release from prison,{{bibleverse}} but the cup bearer, reinstalled in office, forgot Joseph.{{bibleverse}} After Joseph was in prison for two more years, Pharaoh had two dreams which disturbed him. He dreamt of seven lean cows which rose out of the river and devoured seven fat cows; and, of seven withered ears of grain which devoured seven fat ears. Pharaoh\'s wise men were unable to interpret these dreams, but the chief cup bearer remembered Joseph and spoke of his skill to Pharaoh. Joseph was called for, and interpreted the dreams as foretelling that seven years of abundance would be followed by seven years of famine, and advised Pharaoh to store surplus grain during the years of abundance. When the famine came, it was so severe that people from surrounding nations "from all over the earth" came to Egypt to buy bread as this nation was the only Kingdom prepared for the seven year drought.  In the second year of famine,{{bibleverse}} Joseph\'s half brothers were sent to Egypt, by their father Israel, to buy goods. When they came to Egypt, they stood before the Vizier but did not recognize him to be their brother Joseph. However, Joseph did recognize them and did not receive them kindly, rather he disguised himself and spoke to them in the Egyptian language using an interpreter. He did not speak at all to them in his native tongue, Hebrew.{{bibleverse}} After questioning them as to where they came from, he accused them of being spies. They pleaded with him that their only purpose was to buy grain for their family in the land of Canaan. After they mentioned that they had left a younger brother at home, the Vizier  demanded that he be brought to Egypt as a demonstration of their veracity. This brother was Joseph\'s blood brother, Benjamin. He placed his brothers in prison for three days. On the third day, he brought them out of prison to reiterate that he wanted their youngest brother brought to Egypt to demonstrate their veracity. The brothers conferred amongst themselves speaking in Hebrew, reflecting on the wrong they had done to Joseph. Joseph understood what they were saying and removed himself from their presence because he was caught in emotion. Joseph sent the brothers back with food but kept one brother, and the remaining brothers returned to their father in Canaan, and told him all that had transpired in Egypt. They also discovered that all of their money sacks still had money in them, and they were dismayed. Then they informed their father that the Vizier demanded that Benjamin be brought before him to demonstrate that they were honest men.After they had consumed all of the grain that they brought back from Egypt, Israel told his sons to go back to Egypt for more grain. With Reuben and Judah\'s persistence, they persuaded their father to let Benjamin join them for fear of Egyptian retribution.Upon their return to Egypt, the brothers were afraid because of the returned money in their money sacks. Then when they get there Joseph reveals to them that he is in fact their brother, Joseph. Then has their father Jacob brought so they are all reunited in Egypt'] ['A Forest Ranger’s ([[Vijayaraghavan  school going kid Charu  happens to get lost in the forest by a trap laid by the poachers who had a grudge with his father. Caught and taken away by the poachers, the boy is spotted by a tribal boy Virundhan  who lives in the forest and who is incidentally his classmate too. In the school the tribal boy got a nickname ‘The Bird Catcher’ as he is believed to catch & take away the birds for cooking and eating. The tribal boy, who was in the forest searching for some very rare herbal medicinal plants for his ailing mother, becomes the savior & guide to the forest officer’s son. The journey also reveals the many conditions, skills & qualities of the tribal boy Virundhan to Charu, who is of the modern upbringing. Both of them chance to meet Amina , a girl of their class, who also happened to be in the forest, running away for fear of police. In the daring journey of the three together, they deal the dangers and obstacles and also learn about the environment & the threats lurking in it. The journey and its experience eventually transforms them to sharing and concerned human beings with better values.'] ['Claudia is the middle child of a busy family. She is smart and responsible, often required to help her mother around the house. However, weary of the life in suburban Connecticut, she decides to find something grander. Her younger brother Jamie, along with his extensive savings from playing cards, is enlisted as her partner in crime. They run away from home to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Once they arrive, they spend their days in the museum, exploring and eavesdropping on different schools\' guided tours. They hide in the bathrooms until after closing time and sleep in antique beds. While there they encounter "The Angel," a marble statue recently auctioned off by the elusive Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler. The striking piece is surrounded by mystery. Many experts dispute the artist who created the work, though many suppose it to be none other than Michelangelo himself. Claudia becomes determined to solve the mystery of "The Angel." Claudia and Jamie spend most of their time in searching and researching new things about the statue. The following day, the two notice a small mark at the base of the piece. After some research, they find that the mark was one that Michelangelo made on numerous works. Claudia disguises herself as an adult in order to make an appointment with a museum worker to inform them of their discovery. Contrary to her hopes, the official informs her that they knew of the mark but are unsure if it is authentic. Jamie, homesick after a week away, catches a cold. Refusing to go home before they solve the mystery, Claudia suggests that they visit the statue\'s previous owner, Mrs. Frankweiler. She refuses to tell them directly, but does permit them to attempt to discover the answer for themselves. After leading them to a room lined from floor to ceiling with filing cabinets, she informs them that they have one hour to search for the truth. After 54 minutes of fruitless effort, Claudia uncovers the correct file. It contains a sketch of the sculpture from one of Michelangelo\'s notebooks, proving that he is, indeed, the creator. Finally appeased, the siblings permit Mrs. Frankweiler to drive them home.'] ['Pippi, with friends Tommy and Annika, adventures on the South Seas to hunt for her father, who has been kidnapped by pirates.Editorial Reviews of the movie of Amazon.com'] ['Big Bird is sent to the fictional town of Oceanview, Illinois, to live with a family of dodos by Miss Finch , a social worker who thinks he needs to be with his own kind upon being sent to him by the feathered friends. The Dodos think exactly the same, even saying he should have a bird as a best friend instead of Mr. Snuffleupagus. This causes Big Bird much distress. When Big Bird runs away from his new home and ends up on the news, Miss Finch tells Kermit the Frog that she will reclaim him. Big Bird\'s friends on Sesame Street also see the news and band together to find him. In a Volkswagen Beetle is the group of Gordon, Olivia, Linda, and Cookie Monster. Count von Count departs in his Countmobile. Bert and Ernie go out to search in an airplane. Grover flies as Super Grover . Maria leaves with Oscar the Grouch, Telly Monster, and Homer Honker in Oscar\'s Sloppy Jalopy. They all head out across America in search for their beloved Big Bird. Big Bird has various adventures in his attempt to get home. First, he hitches a ride with a turkey truck driver  who tells him not to give up trying to get to his goal. He then meets two kids named Ruthie and Floyd  at a farm and stays with them for a while. Big Bird ends up having to leave the farm because of Miss Finch\'s arrival. While out in a cornfield, Big Bird is spotted by Ernie and Bert in their plane. But Big Bird doesn\'t know that Bert and Ernie are in it and thinks it\'s Miss Finch wanting to take him back to the Dodos. When Ernie steers the plane towards Big Bird, Big Bird flees in fright. Ernie turns the plane upside down to get Big Bird\'s attention and begins singing "Upside Down World", with Bert beginning to join in singing, but when they turn the plane back up, Big Bird is gone, and Ernie blames it all on Bert. Big Bird is also sought by two scam artists named Sid and Sam Sleaze (Joe Flaherty and [[Dave Thomas  who operate a lousy carnival The Sleaze Brothers Funfair. They want to capture him to put him on display. Eventually, Big Bird arrives in Toadstool . Shortly after arriving, Miss Finch finds him there and gives chase through the city. On the outskirts of Toadstool, the Sleaze Brothers have set up their funfair, and Big Bird shows up asking if they have a place to hide him from Miss Finch. The two brothers then put him in their "hiding cage." Shortly afterwards, they decide to paint him blue and tout him as "The Bluebird of Happiness." However, his performance is not one of happiness but of sadness as he sings a song about wishing to be back home with his friends. After the show, two kids sneak backstage to see him. Upon noticing them, he asks them to call Sesame Street to tell his friends where he is. The children do so and the next day, his friends sneak into the circus tent to try to free him. However, the Sleaze Brothers quietly wake up and attempt to drive off with Big Bird in tow. Eventually, Gordon and Olivia give chase and succeed in rescuing him from the truck. Shortly afterwards, the Sleaze Brothers are pulled over by a police officer  and arrested on charges of counterfeiting, extortion, fraud, impersonating a dentist, and even stealing a kid\'s apple at their funfair . Back on Sesame Street, Big Bird is happy to be back but then looks on as Miss Finch arrives to announce that she has found another bird family for him. Maria convinces Miss Finch that Big Bird can be, and is, happy there on Sesame Street—that it does not make any difference that his family consists of humans, monsters, cows, Grouches, Honkers, and the other varieties of eclectic species on Sesame Street. What matters is that they are family. After considering what she\'s heard and realizing how far his friends went to try to bring him back, Miss Finch declares that Sesame Street is Big Bird\'s home. Big Bird is also reunited with Snuffy, who watched his nest while he was away. Gordon brings his car  to Luis to see if he can fix it. As Sesame Street goes back to normal, Oscar the Grouch is carried around the block in his can by Bruno the Trashman in order to get the happiness of Big Bird being back on Sesame Street out of him. At the beginning of the end credits, Count von Count begins to count the movie credits . By the end of the credits in a brief "bonus scene" Count announces 278 credits and does his trademark laugh accompanied by a thunderclap .'] ['Morris "Mud" Himmel has a problem – his parents want to send him away to a summer computer camp. He hates going to summer camp, and would do anything to get out of it. Talking to his friends, he realizes that they are all facing the same sentence: a boring summer camp. Together with his friends, he hatches a plan to create their own summer camp with no parents, no counselors, and no rules. They blackmail former drama teacher Dennis Van Welker into helping. He had bought an AMC Gremlin and failed to make most of the payments and is being pursued by soon-to-retire collector T.R. Polk, and agrees to help the kids in return for $1,000. With Dennis\' help, the kids trick all the parents into sending them to the camp, and then rent a campground with a cabin on a lake. Some parents believe it is a fat camp, while others believe it is a military camp, or an acting camp. The kids use the money their parents had paid for camp to buy toys and food. After a little while, the kids get bored and wonder if they should just return home. Mud goes to Dennis for help, and with a bribe, Dennis soon finds ways to keep things interesting and help the kids have fun. The parents want to come visit their kids, despite being told that there are no parents\' days. Mud makes a plan to trick the parents and, along with his friends, they keep the camp concealed. In a matter of hours, they fix up the camp and set up different scenarios representing the different camps  Their plan works and the parents don\'t suspect a thing. T.R. Polk then meets a state trooper who was also seeking Dennis, and the two find their way into the camp and catch him. The police are called and Mud finds Dennis running away from the authorities. Mud is confronted by the police and protects Dennis from them, but soon after Dennis turns himself in. Mud explains that the whole thing was his idea, and uses the rest of the money to pay T.R. Polk, who\'ll retire with a perfect record. Dennis gets off the hook and the kids leave for home, having had the greatest summer of their lives.'] [' While living in The Bronx, the Mousekewitz family find that conditions are not as ideal as they had hoped, as they are still struggling against the attacks of mouse-hungry cats. Fievel spends his days thinking about the wild west dog-sheriff Wylie Burp, while his sister, Tanya, dreams of becoming a singer. Meanwhile, Tiger\'s girlfriend Miss Kitty leaves him to find a new life out West, tired of the life of an alley cat, and remarking that perhaps she\'s looking for a cat that is "more like a dog." In the alleys, a regal feline named Cat R. Waul devises a plan to deliver the mice into his clutches. He first launches a full-scale cat attack to drive all the mice to the sewers, specifically ordering his fellow cats to not eat any of them. Using a mouse-cowpoke marionette, he then entices the neighborhood mice, including the Mousekewitzs, into moving to a better life out west. Tiger chases the train, trying to catch up with his friends, but is thrown off course by a pack of angry dogs. While on the west-bound train, Fievel wanders into the livestock car, where he overhears the cats revealing their plot to turn them into "mouse burgers." After being discovered, Fievel is thrown from the train by Cat R. Waul\'s hench-spider, T.R. Chula, landing the mouse in the middle of the desert. The Mousekewitzes are heartbroken once again over the loss of Fievel and arrive at Green River with heavy hearts. Upon arrival at Green River, the Mousekewitzs begin to find a suitable home, positive that their son Fievel would find them once again. Papa helps his family set up a home under an old water tower, explaining while other mice would scamper for a land to live in, a smart mouse would live closer to water in the dusty country. However, Chula soon blocks up the water tower, drying up the river. Cat R. Waul approaches the mice and proposes to build a better community where cats and mice can live together in peace. Meanwhile, Fievel is wandering aimlessly through the desert, as is Tiger, who has found his way out west as well, and the two pass each other. However, each one figures that the other is a mirage and they continue on their separate ways. Tiger is captured by a tribe of Native American mice and their leader hails him as a deity, after seeing how Tiger looks like a rock formation. Fievel is picked up by a hawk and dropped over the Native American mouse village when their fireworks scare and explode on the bird, making his feathers pop out of his body, reuniting Fievel with Tiger. Tiger chooses to stay in the village while Fievel catches a passing tumbleweed, which takes him to Green River. As soon as Fievel makes his arrival, he quickly reunites with his family. He then tries to expose Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions, but the mouse inhabitants are oblivious to the danger. Inside a local saloon that is under construction, Fievel learns of the cats\' real plan before he is discovered. He confronts Cat R. Waul and is almost eaten in the process. However, Cat R. Waul is distracted when Tanya, Fievel\'s older sister, sings while working and is enchanted by her voice. He sends Tanya to Miss Kitty, who\'s now a diva, and she reveals that she came out west at the request of Cat R. Waul - an action she now seems to regret. Cat R Waul tells Miss Kitty to put Tanya on stage. With a little encouragement from Miss Kitty, Tanya performs to positive feedback. Meanwhile, Fievel is chased by Chula and briefly taken prisoner, but escapes. While walking out of town, Fievel stops to talk with an old hound sleeping outside the jail, discovering that the saturnine dog is in fact the legendary Wylie Burp he looked up to back in New York. Fievel convinces Wylie to help the mice\'s plight. Wylie asks him to find a dog for him to train, but he instead recruits Tiger to be trained as a lawman and as a dog. Tiger is reluctant at first, but relents at the suggestion that a new persona might win back Miss Kitty. After an eventually successful training session to work on Tiger\'s skills, the trio go back to Green River to fight the cats, who had scheduled to kill the mice at sunset. At Green River, a giant mousetrap has been disguised as bleachers for a ceremony honoring the opening of Cat R. Waul\'s saloon. But before the trap can be tripped, the three foil the plot using their wits and their slingshots to combat Cat R. Waul\'s feline henchmen. Tanya and Ms. Kitty soon learn of Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions and gets the rest of the mice to get off the trap. But towards the end of the fight, Chula captures Ms. Kitty as hostage, threatening to drop her from the tower. Tiger is enraged and overcomes his Arachnophobia by unleashing his "inner dog" to save Ms. Kitty and using a pitchfork and Chula\'s web as a lasso with the spider trapped on it, and then hurtles Cat R. Waul and his gang out of town by using the mouse trap. The cats fly into the air, then land into a mailbag. A passing train picks up the bag and leaves, and Cat R. Waul gets reluctantly adopted by a passenger. Enchanted by his new personality, Miss Kitty and Tiger are reunited. Tanya becomes a famous singer  and the water tower flows with water again, making Green River bloom with flowers. As the mice celebrate their freedom from the cats, Fievel finds Wylie Burp walking away from the party to watch the sunset on the prairie and joins him. Wylie hands Fievel his sheriff badge, although Fievel is unsure about taking it, since he feels he is not a traditional hero, but Wylie reminds him that, if it were not for Fievel, he would still be a washed up dog. He realizes his journey is still not over and that one day that he will be a hero.'] ['The opening countertop finds Junior Asparagus filling in for Larry the Cucumber, who is sleeping in today . Junior and Bob the Tomato field a question for Victor from Sausalito, California about obedience. Using their imaginations, Bob and Junior are transported to the Holy Land so that they can tell the show\'s story. Bob acts as narrator and provides Junior with some background information. The Israelites, having been held as slaves in Egypt, are liberated by Moses  and led to the Promised Land. However, they question God\'s methods and are prevented from entering the Promised Land for 40 years. Upon the completion of their exile, Moses has already died, and Joshua  has become leader of the Israelites. With everybody eager to finally reach the Promised Land after four decades of waiting, Joshua leads the Israelites to their new home, but are halted in their tracks by one big obstacle — the city of Jericho. The story is interrupted here for Silly Songs with Larry. "Song of the Cebu", introduced as a "sequential image, stereophonic, multimedia event", finds Larry on the countertop with a slide projector and a captive audience . The song, about a boy and three cebus  frequently goes off track and is interrupted several times by Archibald Asparagus. When the song ends abruptly and without any sort of conclusion, Archibald is furious and threatens to inform Bob about this utter failure of a song . When the story resumes, the Israelites are confronted by the defenders of Jericho , who taunt them from atop the city\'s great wall. Joshua explains that God has given this land to the Israelites and that therefore the defenders will have to step aside. They are met by more insults and smug jeering. When a slushy drink accidentally falls and hits Jimmy, they fall back and regroup. That night, the Israelites argue about what to do. Pa Grape wants to go back to Egypt, while Jimmy and Jerry are convinced that they need heavy firepower to destroy the wall and run off to construct their weapon. Trying to escape the arguing, Joshua wanders off in hopes that he can hear God for advice. During his solitude, Joshua meets the Commander of the Army of the Lord , who tells him how the Israelites are to take Jericho: they must march around the city once a day for six days, then on the seventh day they are to march around it seven times, blow their horns, and all yell at the same time. At this point, the messenger states, the walls of Jericho will fall. Joshua reports the plan to the rest of the Israelites the next morning. Naturally, this plan leads to some serious doubts. Jimmy and Jerry then show off their alternate plan: a giant rocket named "The Wallminator 3000" which the Israelites applaude . Joshua, however, insists that they agree to try it God\'s way, and they all proceed to Jericho. As the Israelites march around the wall, the city\'s defenders insult them all the more, turning their taunts into a choreographed musical number while the Israelites try to ignore them. However, the taunting turns to semi-frozen carnage when the Jericho defenders bombard the Israelites with slushy drinks. The end of the day finds Joshua facing the threat of mutiny from the slushy-soaked Israelites, with some ready to fire up the Wallminator and others ready to run back to Egypt. At this point, Junior intervenes and convinces them to continue with the plan God laid out. He explains that God\'s way doesn\'t always make sense, but provides examples of how it always works out in the end. Inspired by Junior\'s example, the Israelites agree to stick with the plan and, in spite of renewed and constant counter-attacks, march around the city for seven days as specified. On the seventh day they blow their horns and scream: at first nothing happens, but then cracks appear and the walls crashes down, just as God said it would. Joshua claims the land for his people, the defenders run away in panic, and the Israelites are finally allowed into the Promised Land. Bob and Junior wrap up on the closing countertop, reiterating the lesson in the film in that though God\'s way may not always make sense, His way of doing things is always the best way. As Bob and Junior leave, Larry arrives in his pajamas to start to show but learns too late that it\'s already over.'] ['An American couple  finds a family of surviving apatosaurs  in Central Africa and their struggle to protect them from a greedy scientist  and the military.'] ["Teenager Angus  adopts a Yellow Labrador Retriever and names him Yellow. Several days later, while traveling along the coast of British Columbia with Angus's father, the boy and dog become stranded when turbulent waters capsize their boat. Angus's parents relentlessly badger rescue teams. Angus, schooled by his father in wilderness survival skills, and assisted by the intelligent Yellow Dog, tries to attract rescuers. Starvation, freezing temperatures, violent rainstorms, and a pack of wolves test Angus' and Yellow's courage and abilities to survive as they journey through the Canadian wilderness. Angus is eventually rescued but has to leave Yellow behind. Angus is later shown at home sitting on his porch; he blows his dog whistle and Yellow comes running back home."] ['As the story unfolds, we meet the three main monsters: Frank, Drac, and Wolf, the werewolf. They were once the scariest of monsters, but now they have become associated with "fun." The three end up on a TV show called Foolish Monster Tricks, which is witnessed by three new modern monsters who decide to have them thrown out of the Ghoul Guild. They are then called before the Court of Horrors just before Halloween for "failure to scare". The Prosecutor  presents evidence that they are inept as monsters  but the jury ends up deadlocked, so the Judge says that they must prove that they can still be scary, and if they fail they will be sentenced to an eternity of entertaining at children\'s parties. They are given 24 hours to terrify a typical family, the Tinklemeisters: cleaning-obsessed Mom, overworked dog-groomer Dad, average daughter Stella, and youngest child Spike, who was struck by a bolt of lightning as a child. Since then, he has never spoken, and only whistles to communicate, and has developed a bizarre knack for weird experiments. The three monsters first attempt to scare them by cutting into their TV reception and showing their old horror films, but that attempt fails miserably, so they go with Plan B: they stage a fake game show, and make it seem that the Tinklemeisters have won a one-night stay at their castle. The monsters then scare the Tinklemeisters one by one: first Dad, Then Mom, then Stella. when the monsters try to scare Spike, he easily defeats all three of them, and then frees his family, who have been locked in a closet. the monsters then call a truce with the Tinklemeisters and explain their situation. Then, the three modern monsters show up and reveal that they were sent by the Prosecutor, who is unwilling to risk losing the case. Frank, Wolf, Drac and the Tinklemeisters escape, and then the Tinklemeisters and Spike use all of their skills to revamp the monsters and restore their youth and all their abilities, using a potion created by Spike to turn everything black and white, fully recreating the monster\'s glory days. then, the three new monsters arrive, and after a brief battle, Frank, Wolf, and Drac easily defeat them, but run out of time in the process. the next day, with the Tinklemeisters watching on TV, the Prosecutor claims that since the threesome didn\'t scare the Tinklemeisters, they should be sentenced immediately. However, the Judge tells the Prosecutor that the threesome did something better than scaring a typical family-scaring three of their own kind! Spike then shows up as a surprise witness, and reveals that since he read so many horror comics, he became an expert on monsters, but was too scared to speak for several years. he then delivers a passionate speech which convinces the Judge to reinstate the monsters into the Ghoul Guild. the monsters are then inducted into the Monster Hall of Fame, give their castle to the Tinklemeisters, and open a theme park on the castle grounds, which they use as a new way to haunt the population for fun.'] ['Will Stronghold  is beginning his freshman year at Sky High, a high school which teaches super powered children. Will\'s parents are The Commander  and Jetstream , the world\'s most famous superheroes. Will\'s best friend is Layla , who has the power to manipulate plant life. Will is anxious about attending Sky High, located on a floating campus reached by flying school bus, because, unbeknownst to his parents, he has not developed any super powers. The first day he and the other freshman are harassed by a trio of bullies: the super fast Speed , Lash  who can stretch his body, and cheerleader Penny  who can create duplicates of herself. Because of his lack of powers, Will is slated to enter a curriculum for "Hero Support" and become a sidekick. His classmates include Ethan  who can melt into a puddle, Zach  who glows in the dark, Magenta  who turns into a purple guinea pig, and Layla who joins the class in protest against the two track nature of the school\'s education. The class is taught by The Commander\'s former sidekick "All American Boy" . The Commander, unaware that his son has been relegated to Hero Support, shows Will his secret trophy room. He is particularly proud of the mysterious weapon "The Pacifier" which he took from his science themes arch-nemesis Royal Pain years ago. Unknown to either of them, Royal Pain, who had been presumed dead, watches the exchange from a hidden camera in one of the other trophies. As Will settles in to Sky High and makes friends with the other sidekicks he comes into conflict with fire wielding student Warren Peace , whose supervillain father had been imprisoned by The Commander. During a fight between the two, Will demonstrates super strength, impressing Gwen Grayson , a beautiful and popular "technopath" who controls machines with her mind. Will begins spending more time with Gwen and her popular friends, ignoring the sidekicks and Layla, who reveals to Warren that she has loved Will for a long time. On the day before the dance, Gwen tricks Will into throwing a party at his house, and Speed steals the Pacifier when she seduces Will into showing her the Secret Sanctum. After Gwen is cruel to Layla, who shows up to investigate the noise, Will breaks up with Gwen refusing to attend the dance even though his parents are going as honored guests. Later, he looks through his father\'s old yearbooks and sees a student who looks just like Gwen. Believing that the student is Royal Pain and that Gwen is her daughter he rushes to the dance. At the dance party, Gwen reveals that she is in fact Royal Pain. During her previous confrontation with the Commander, the Pacifier, which is meant to turn its target into an infant, had malfunctioned, turning her into a baby instead. She has since waited sixteen years for revenge. With the help of Speed, Lash, and Penny, she takes over the school and uses the Pacifier to turn the faculty and students into infants. When Will arrives at school, he apologizes to Layla and teams up with Warren and the sidekicks to try and save the day. The sidekicks demonstrate their heroism after Royal Pain sabotages the school\'s anti-gravity drive and their powers come in handy restarting it. Will, meanwhile, discovers that he also has his mother\'s powers of flight when he is thrown off the edge of the school grounds and must prevent the campus from falling. Gwen and her henchmen are defeated and arrested and the faculty and students are returned to their proper ages. Will and Layla kiss and a voiceover at the end reveals that they become boyfriend and girlfriend.'] ['Eight year old Vinu is an artistically inclined boy, who is irresistibly drawn to Nature. His parents, however, try to pin him to a rigid routine. Vinu finds that he is a prisoner of time in terms of his daily chores. He finds solace in thinking about his loving grandfather and his village. One day Vinu runs away. In the course of his journey, he meets and interacts with many people and faces many unusual adventures and encounters. Vinu finally reaches his destination – his grandfather\'s village."Abhayam"'] ['John Smith is ambushed by a group of soldiers with a warrant for his arrest and presumed dead in the ensuing confrontation; Governor Ratcliffe has lied to King James  and framed Smith as the traitor from the first film in a plot to declare war against the Powhatan Nation while avoiding punishment for his own crimes. In order to prevent this, the King sends a young diplomat, John Rolfe, to bring Chief Powhatan to England for negotiations. In the New World, Pocahontas mourns John Smith\'s death but is eventually able to move on. John Rolfe soon arrives, greeted by English civilians  and a curious Pocahontas. After an incident with a biased sailor, Pocahontas meets Rolfe, but is disgusted by his need to take charge; Rolfe in turn does not like Pocahontas\'s independent spirit. Rolfe later overhears two women talking about Pocahontas preventing a war, and assumes that "Pocahontas" is the name of the Chief of the Powhatans. That night, at a dance, Rolfe intrudes with a gift of a horse for "The Mighty Pocahontas." When Pocahontas steps forward, Rolfe finds himself in an awkward situation: the stubborn Chief will not go to England, but unless an envoy is sent, war will break out. Pocahontas volunteers, despite doubt and concern from others. Later that night, Grandmother Willow tells her to "listen to the spirit within." The next day, Pocahontas sets off for England with Meeko, Flit, and Percy stowing away on the ship, and a bodyguard  sent by the Chief. While on the ship, Pocahontas is nearly arrested by the captain as a stowaway, but Rolfe saves her, and they come to a truce. Upon arriving in England, Pocahontas marvels at this "new world." But Ratcliffe is only too happy to learn that she is there, a "lowly woman" instead of a chief, and hands Rolfe a proclamation signed by King James that says an Armada will sail if he is not pleased with the Powhatan ambassador. Rolfe and Pocahontas set out for his estate outside of London, where Mrs. Jenkins happily greets them and puts on tea, her trademark solution to a problem. Rolfe meets with the King, who, per Ratcliffe\'s suggestion, invites Pocahontas and Rolfe to The Hunt Ball. If Pocahontas can impress the King by appearing "civilized", the armada will not set sail, much to Rolfe\'s disgust. Rolfe is doubtful of the plan, but Pocahontas is determined to impress King James. Pocahontas dons a hoop skirt, high heels and a yellow ball dress, and is powdered to look white. Rolfe gives her lessons in dance and local etiquette, as well as a necklace, which she puts on in place of her mother\'s. She delights the King with flattery, and pleases the Queen. But during a bear-baiting , Pocahontas cannot stand by and watch the torture, and accuses the King and the laughing aristocrats of behaving like savages. James accuses Pocahontas of the same thing for defending the bear, and angrily orders Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin\'s arrest, per Ratcliffe\'s suggestion, and plans to have them beheaded. Rolfe, his hopes of peace having failed, meets a hooded stranger who aids him in breaking Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin out of jail. At a cabin in the woods the hooded man is revealed to be John Smith, who still has feelings for Pocahontas, and wants her to stay hidden, instead of trying to stop the armada. Rolfe wants Pocahontas to listen to her heart. Smith realizes Rolfe is in love with her. Pocahontas remembers her now-married friend Nakoma\'s words. Willing to risk her life for her people, she washes the powder from her face, goes before the king and convinces the Queen of the truth. And when John Smith appears, the King finally realizes that Ratcliffe lied about Smith\'s death and there being gold in Virginia. Pocahontas, Uttamatomakkin, Smith, and Rolfe then set out to stop the Armada. After they knock most of the sailors overboard and cause the ships to crash together, Smith bests Ratcliffe in a swordfight. Ratcliffe pulls out a pistol, but Rolfe and Pocahontas stop him. Ratcliffe is met on shore by King James, who finally arrests him. Pocahontas tells Rolfe that she plans to leave for home , and the two hint at admitting they love each other. Smith interrupts, telling Pocahontas he wants to travel the world with her by his side on his newly-awarded ship. Rolfe leaves, dismayed. Pocahontas gently tells Smith that their time together is over and they must part ways. Smith wishes her well, kisses her hand one last time, and leaves. Sadly, Rolfe has vanished. As her ship leaves port, Rolfe reveals he is on board, and Pocahontas runs to his arms. Pocahontas reminds him about his duty to the King, but Rolfe says that he has a duty to honor what is in his heart. They kiss as the ship sails into the sunset.'] ['{{expand section}} Beary Barrington, a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears co-exist, attempts to trace his roots. He meets up with the Country Bears, a Country music band that reached its peak years ago and eventually broke up (a parody of the [[Eagles . Beary helps the Country Bears reunite for one final concert while searching for who he truly is. Thanks to Beary, the band realizes they were wrong to break up, due to various petty arguments that escalated. Beary returns home to his family understanding that they truly do care about him. Country Bear Hall, the place at which the band used to perform, is threatened with destruction but the Country Bears decide to do a concert to save it. However, they refuse to do so without Beary who brought them back together after they read an essay he wrote about them. The band goes to get Beary and his family, but while Ted Bedderhead, the band leader and member who was the most reluctant to reunite, is apologizing to Beary and explaining everything to him, Reed Thimble kidnaps the rest of the Country Bears because he wants to destroy the Hall. Thanks to an idea from Dex, Beary, his older brother Ted, and their family are able to track down and rescue the band and head to the concert together. The promoter that was hired to publicize the concert is found to have been paid off by Thimble so the concert appears to be headed for failure. Big Al, the caretaker of the hall, reveals that everyone was just out back and when he opens the door surge of people rush in. The money raised from the concert is revealed to be enough to save the hall and the Country Bears perform with Beary as member of the band.'] ['Archibald Asparagus joins Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber on the countertop. He and Larry have received a text message concerning one viewer\'s struggles with the temptation to play video games all day. Pushing the "frail and helpless" tomato out of the way, they present the story of "LarryBoy and the Bad Apple". As the story begins, Bumblyburg is preparing to celebrate its 300th birthday. However, there is one concern about a mysterious web that has appeared around the statue of Obadiah Bumbly in the town square. While the townspeople fret and prepare for the celebration, LarryBoy is in the Larry-Mobile on his way back to the Larry-Cave, snacking on Recess Peanut Butter Cups. Alfred reminds him that eating too much chocolate will make him ill and compromise his abilities as a superhero. Back at the cave, LarryBoy becomes sick and admits that he can\'t control his chocolate addiction. With help from Alfred, he begins an exercise regimen that aims to limit the chocolate in his diet. Meanwhile, a mysterious villain apple named the Bad Apple is formulating a plan to derail the city\'s celebration. Her strategy is to enslave everyone by their own personal temptations, allowing her to take over the city of Bumblyburg while everybody is incapacitated. She tasks her sidekick, Curly the Worm, with identifying the weaknesses of each of the city\'s most important citizens: Mayor Blueberry, Reporter Petunia, and LarryBoy, for she believes that eliminating these three will cripple the city\'s leadership, communication, and law enforcement. She begins by paying a visit to Mayor Blueberry, whose weakness is vanity. Bad Apple preys on this weakness by convincing her that as a representative of Bumblyburg, it is her duty to look her best and spins a web  in which she claims there are countless beautiful things to improve the mayor\'s appearance. Her vanity validated, the Mayor steps into the trap. Next, she pays a visit to Petunia, whose weakness is playing video games. Petunia realizes her important role in keeping the city informed, but admits that she could use a break. Bad Apple spins another trap, this one containing a test version of the latest, unreleased video game system. Unable to resist the temptation, Petunia steps into the trap to play. Meanwhile, back at the Larry-Cave, Alfred has discovered that the mysterious webs have plagued Bumblyburg before. On an old, scratchy film reel, he learns that an apple named Ephraim Apply tried to ensnare the settlers of the new town with diversions at an establishment called Apply\'s Funhouse. The people succumbed and the town suffered until Obadiah Bumbly arrived in time to liberate the people and banish Ephraim Apply forever. The Bad Apple pays a visit to LarryBoy, and, having learned of his weakness for chocolate, uses it to gain entrance to the Larry-Cave. Little by little, she dampens his resolve until he too falls into a trap designed specifically for him. With Larry indisposed in the "Chocolate Room", she easily breaks Alfred upon his return, ensnaring him by the television in front of his favorite cartoon. With Bumblyburg\'s leaders and heroes out of the way, the Bad Apple proceeds to the town square to fulfill her great-uncle Ephraim\'s destiny: opening up the new and improved "Apply\'s Funhouse II". She and Curly begin to lure the helpless citizens into the funhouse. At the Larry-Cave, Alfred and LarryBoy realize that they need each other\'s help to fight the temptation. Working together, they dissolve the webs of their traps, then quickly set out to rescue Mayor Blueberry and Petunia. They then all rush to the town square to fight temptation together. As LarryBoy fights the Bad Apple, the funhouse topples and nearly crushes a mother and her baby. LarryBoy saves them and all of Bumblyburg by, flinging the funhouse, along with the Bad Apple and Curly, out of the square and out of the city. The lessons learned are reviewed on the countertop: that giving into temptation prevents us from being the people God wants us to be; and that we can\'t always fight temptation alone. As the show wraps up, Bob makes an unexpected appearance as "The Red Wonder".'] ['As the opening song of the film  indicates, Littlefoot and company\'s arrival to the Great Valley is a relatively recent occurrence. The children are living happily in their new home, under their families\' watchful eyes. When the gang tries to get to the sheltering grass to play, but land in the sinking sand surrounding it, the grownups come and save them and chastise them for disobeying them, then lecture them that night. Cera then tells the others that they need to prove they are independent by running away for a while into the Mysterious Beyond, a location just outside the valley. Before they leave, they notice two egg nappers stealing an egg from Ducky\'s nest. They chase them into the Beyond, during which a landslide occurs. The egg rolls safely back to the nest, but the five are under the impression that it was destroyed in the landslide. This upsets Ducky until she notices what looks like the egg, only slightly larger. The gang "return" this egg to the Valley, only to find out that the stolen egg and this one are not the same. They decide to hatch it, nonetheless, until the egg hatches, revealing a baby sharptooth. While the others run away, Littlefoot quickly realizes that he is not yet dangerous and tries to raise the hatchling on leaves; though this fails, the hatchling, whom Littlefoot names "Chomper", becomes content with a diet of insects. When he hears the others calling for help, as the egg nappers Ozzy and Strut are attacking them, he runs to their aid, while "Chomper" follows him. Chomper\'s shadow frightens the villains away, after which Littlefoot exchanges introductions between Chomper and the others. They accept him, until he bites Cera by instinct. He is told this is considered bad behaviour in the Great Valley, and runs off. When the others follow him, they find him chasing insects on top of the Smoking Mountain, all afraid the little sharptooth could fall into the gurgling pit. Ozzy and Strut attack the children again, but Chomper once more comes to the rescue, biting onto Strut\'s tail. At that moment, the volcano erupts, lava slowly oozing in the children\'s path. Littlefoot pushes a tree over a canyon, to make a bridge for the others, though Ozzy and Strut fall into the canyon. Once across, they find two adult Sharpteeth on the other side. They escape them, and make it back to their families. After fighting the Sharpteeth off, the adults inquire how they entered the valley, to which the children confess over their adventure the night before, and the landslide which resulted. The adults set off to block the new entrance to the valley, and tell the children to stay behind. Littlefoot runs off to find Chomper, but is chased by one of the Sharpteeth. When trapped in a rotting log, they are approached by the sharpteeth. Then, Chomper calls to them, and they recognize him as their son. They then leave with him. Littlefoot, while out of the log, gets captured by Strut and Ozzy who survived the fall. Chomper hears Littlefoot screaming, and he goes to save him. Then Chomper\'s parents chase the egg nappers into the Mysterious Beyond again, and Littlefoot and Chomper say their final goodbyes. Littlefoot returns to the other plant-eaters. Littlefoot\'s grandfather tells him from then on, he should stay close to the herd. Then, he helps in knocking down some more rocks to seal up the entrance between the Great Valley and the Mysterious Beyond. Littlefoot then realizes that being young is not so bad after all, but decides he still looks forward to growing up.'] ['{{plot}} Chapter 1 - A Brand New Outfit: The title group  meets a little Monarch caterpillar. The caterpillar sings a song called "Buggy Wuggy", Annie begins singing, Leo conducts to "Buggy Wuggy",, while the other little einsteins, , sing "Buggy Wuggy", along with Leo. The Little Einsteins then discover a green truck with a tree on it. When the caterpillar gets in the back of the truck, he waves goodbye to the Little Einsteins, before the truck drives off. Suddenly, the truck gets bumped under a little hill, which causes the caterpillar to fly out of the back of the truck, Annie calls out to stop the truck, but the truck just drives away, leaving the caterpillar behind with the Little Einsteins. The caterpillar joins the Little Einsteins. The LE, later get some yellow leaves for the caterpillar when the caterpillar becomes hungry. The LE, then stop by the beach to watch the caterpillar eat it\'s leaves. When the caterpillar finishes his leaves, he begins singing again. The LE, then join in. After that, a thunderstorm comes by. The caterpillar is then blown into the air and ends up in the middle of the sea with a bunch of instruments. Annie manages to rescue the caterpillar by using the Clapper Catcher. Later, the LE, finally find the truck with the other caterpillars inside. The LE, later stop at a tree area. The caterpillar then gets on one of the trees, spins a chrysalis, and turns into a Monarch.  Chapter 2 - The Mission Invitation: After the caterpillar turns into a butterfly, the LE, get invitations by a Mailman Butterfly, everyone gets one, except for Butterfly. Butterfly becomes sad. Leo asks the Mailman Butterfly where the invitation for Butterfly is. He shows the pictures of where they need to go: Niagara Falls, a butterfly garden in New York City, inside a spooky cave in Oklahoma, and a barn in Texas. 3 trips later, the LE, finally find the missing invitation at the barn, where the cows are, and where the mailbox is. Leo conducts music to the cows, then the LE, finally get the invitation for Butterfly, the LE, along with Butterfly, head over to Mexico for the festival. June later discusses to the viewers that the butterflies fly to the festival, every year, and they travel thousands of miles, which is called Migration. After that, the Little Einsteins make a reprise of the butterfly song, "Buggy Wuggy" with the swarm of butterflies. After they do, Leo calls out, Mission Completion!, ending the film. The LE then do the Curtain Call. At the end of the Curtain Call, Leo says, See you on a next mission!, then the curtains close and a That\'s Silly segment is shown, before cutting to the credits.'] ["In the mountainous wilds of British Columbia circa 1885, a young bear cub suffers the accidental death of his mother from a rockslide. Forced to fend for himself, the cub struggles to find food and shelter. Elsewhere in the mountains, a large male grizzly is pursued by two trophy hunters ([[Jack Wallace . Although the younger hunter attempts to kill the bear, his shot fails to take the animal down, and the wounded bear flees. Coming across the grizzly a short time later, the cub attempts to befriend him. Uninterested in the cub and distracted by his wound, the adult bear warns the young orphan away with a growl. The cub approaches again, however, and manages to soothingly lick the other bear's wound. A friendship forms between the two bears, and the grizzly takes the orphan under his wing, teaching him to fish and hunt. At night, the cub suffers from nightmares, reliving the tragic death of his mother. Determined to find the grizzly, the two hunters are joined by a third man  and a pack of hunting Beaucerons. A chase ensues, in which both bears are driven toward a cliff, with the dogs in pursuit. While the cub hides, the grizzly lures the dogs away, killing some of them. He then escapes over the pass with the remaining dogs following behind. The hunters arrive to find their dogs dead or badly injured, one of them being the favorite Airedale Terrier of one of the hunters. Finding the frightened cub, they take him to their camp, where he is tethered to a tree, and tormented by a vicious dog. That night, the hunters plot how to kill the grizzly. The next day, the hunters separate, with the younger one manning a spot high on a cliff near a waterfall. His gun out of reach, the hunter suddenly finds himself cornered by the grizzly, who rears and roars at the sight of the man. Faced with certain death, the hunter cowers in fear. The grizzly, seemingly affected by the hunter's distress, turns and leaves. The young hunter, impressed by the bear's act of mercy, attempts to scare him off more quickly by shooting his gun into the air. When the hunter's companion joins him, having heard the gunshots, the younger man tells him that the bear is dead. However, spying the bear ascending a scree, the older man raises his rifle to shoot, only to be stopped by the other man. The two hunters return to their camp empty-handed, where they free the young cub and then ride off into the wilderness. Alone again, the cub is soon confronted by a cougar, who corners the young bear near a stream. Trying to defend himself against the animal's attacks, the bear struggles to roar. Suddenly, a loud and menacing roar chases the cougar away. Seeing that it was the adult grizzly that frightened off the cougar, the young cub runs to his side. As winter approaches, the two bears enter a cave together for hibernation."] ['As the show opens on the counter-top, The Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything burst in to host the show, overriding Bob and Larry. After reluctantly giving in, Bob walks off , the Pirates read the letter, which asks, in essence, whether to trust God. The Captain, aka, Pa Grape, then tells the story of George Muller a man who "trusted God for everything." The story is narrated by the Captain, as he tells it through the eyes of his ancestor Great-Grandfather Simon, a reporter for the Bristol Snoop, a tabloid-like newspaper. He goes to George Muller\'s  orphanage and asks him non-sense questions  until he comes in with Muller to find that the orphanage is out of food and the orphans cannot eat breakfast the next day. They pray to God for food and the next day when Simon offers to go out and buy them food some friend of Muller\'s miraculously comes in and offers the children milk and bread. In the Silly Song, the Pirates are declared too busy to do the song and thus, Bob the Tomato is caught off-guard and thrust into a ukelele-karaoke featuring the French Peas dressed up as "dancing hula-turtles!" Despite being initially enthusiastic, he becomes increasingly frantic and confused as the music and lyrics turn from standard ukelele music into non-sensical ramblings . Afterwards, the story of Gideon is played featuring Larry The Cucumber in the title role. Beginning with a montage of floats, as a victory parade for conquering the Midianites, Gideon stops the parade to explain that the large amount of praise lavished on him was not his to take. He then tells the "true" account, in which he reluctantly chooses to defend his country against an undefeated army of over 30,000 excessively hairy pickles, the Midianites, after an angel  appears to him. Initially, he doesn\'t want to, and says that he\'s not a warrior, that he\'s afraid of the dark and screams like a girl, to which the angel replies, "He  chose you", "to say the truth I\'m afraid of the dark too," and "Put me in the dark and I scream like a girl too." Gideon then asks for the miracle of a wet fleece and dry ground, which when the sign is complete, asks for another sign that the fleece be dry and the ground around drenched. This sign is completed too and Gideon accepts his job. When Gideon\'s sizable army is reduced to six carrots and six peas, he learns to trust God and is able to defeat the Midianites with horns and flashlights. Finishing on the countertop, the Pirates are confused about Gideon\'s story as they did not know who he was . However, Bob comes on and acknowledges he put the story in when the Pirates seemed to be at a lack for inspiration. After congratulating the Pirates for a good job on the show, Qwerty gives a verse and the Captain declares his desire to make a Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything movie. Nobody is interested at first, and the show ends with the Captain saying he hopes he can get the funds necessary.'] ['On the countertop, Larry the Cucumber is seen wearing a shoe on his head and asks Bob the Tomato why he\'s wearing it. Bob explains that he got a letter from Latasha Robins of Savanah, Georgia, and she wants to know what loving your neighbor really means. Bob begins to tell The Story of Flibber-o-loo.  The first story, based on the Biblical parable of the Good Samaritan. Larry lives in Flibber-o-loo, where everybody wears a shoe on their heads while Junior Asparagus lives in Jibberty-Lot where everyone wears a pot on their heads. Flibber-o-loo and Jibberty-Lot fight by throwing pots and shoes at each other. Larry goes out with his pet wind-up lobster where bandits  steal his milk money and put him upside down in a hole. Although both the Mayor of Flibber-o-loo  and a Flibbian doctor  come upon Larry, they are both "too busy" to help, and explain this through song. Soon after, a boy from Jibberty Lot  comes and helps Larry out of the hole. After seeing the kind act of a supposed enemy from Jibberty-Lot, the Mayor decides that Flibber-o-loo and Jibberty-Lot should no longer fight. Now, instead of fighting, the two cities are loving and throw flowers and candy to each other.  Larry tries to look for his missing hairbrush. Pa Grape and Junior Asparagus try to help, but Bob tells him he gave the hairbrush to the Peach who has hair.  The second is a parody of Star Trek and the title is an homage to the movie The Gods Must Be Crazy. After Junior tells Dad Asparagus that he isn\'t sure about going to invite a new kid named Fernando to his 6th birthday party because Junior thinks that he\'s weird, Larry & Bob arrive in their small ship to take Junior Asparagus to their ship, the USS Applepies (a parody of the [[USS Enterprise . Upon arriving, they discover that the ship is in the path of a giant meteor. While the ship\'s engineer, Scooter , frantically works to fix the ship\'s engines, Junior suggests that two oddball crewmen, the always-hungry Jimmy and Jerry Gourd, help save the ship when it is determined that the meteor is in fact a giant popcorn ball. Rocketed into space via the escape pods, the pair eat the meteor before it can collide with the ship. After Bob & Larry return Junior home, he tells his Dad that he has reconsidered and will invite Fernando to his party. QWERTY\'s verse at the end of the show is "Love your neighbor as yourself", Leviticus 19:18.'] [" A mysterious meteorite is hurtling towards the earth. During its entry into the atmosphere, it almost wounds Rayquaza, a sky guardian living in the ozone layer. The meteorite crashes into a polar zone, revealing two egg-shaped objects. The purple egg regenerates into a Deoxys and picks up the green egg. Rayquaza descends from the ozone layer to fight the invader. A battle ensues, destroying a nearby research site and traumatizing a young boy, scared by a stampede of Spheal, Sealeo, and Walrein. The purple Deoxys traps Rayquaza and is about to beat it, but it is distracted by electricity from broken computers, giving Rayquaza a chance to obliterate the purple Deoxys with its Hyper Beam. Deoxys goes back to egg form and falls into the sea, while some researchers take the green egg with them. Beneath the sea, the injured Deoxys regenerates and waits. The green egg appears somewhere in Hoenn. Four years later, Ash, May, Brock, and Max travel to LaRousse City's Battle Tower. There they meet Tori , a boy who is afraid of Pokémon because of psychological trauma that had ensued from the stampede caused by the battle between Deoxys and Rayquaza. Tori is found to be a loner. Deoxys, which has fully healed, leaves to find the other green egg which Tori's parents are testing in a lab. In the Battle Tower, Ash mistakes Tori for a Pokémon trainer and they battle against Rafe and Sid, with Tori using Ash's Torkoal. However, Tory does not know how to handle Ash's Torkoal and they lose. Tori runs away, stopping to save a Minun which was trapped in a trash can. Later, Ash meets Tori's parents and they have fun until they see a mysterious purple aurora, signaling the return of Deoxys. When Deoxys begins to remove the city's inhabitants to search for the green egg, it is up to Ash, Pikachu, and Tori to help it find the egg. This is complicated by the return of Rayquaza, and the security robots malfunctioning. Deoxys and Rayquaza then continue to battle, causing havoc in the city. The green egg is regenerated when Pikachu and Minun and Plusle charge the power generator in the lab. As the fight continues, Deoxys tackles Rayquaza into the floor. He is about to release a final blow, but the green Deoxys arrives in perfect timing and quickly transforms into defense form saving Rayquaza from the attack. The city is filled with blocks of robots almost destroying Rayquaza, but with the help of the green and purple Deoxys, Rayquaza was saved."] ['Three unlikely friends set out on a journey to find the dreaded Ghost of Captain LeRouge whose treasure laden ship was lost in the Louisiana bayou over two hundred years ago. What they find is an adventure beyond their wildest imagination and the magical swamp creature "Labou" whose whistles are rumored to be the original inspiration for jazz. With the help of Labou, the kids race to stay one step ahead of two crazy oil tycoons and discover the long lost treasure in time to save the swamps from destruction.'] [" The film celebrates the relationship between a small girl, Emily , and her kindly but ailing grandfather . Emily's playful innocence is contrasted with Granpa's increasing frailty. Aware that his days are numbered, he shares his memories of adventures and days gone by. These memories are vividly brought to life by her grandfather's tales, beginning with a description of Granpa's childhood and youth in the early part of the 20th Century. Other adventures include a chivalrous tale of Saint George and the Dragon imagined on a bedcover, a fishing trip which ends with a journey down the Thames on a blue whale, a trip to the seaside which culminates in a re-enactment of the Battle of Britain and a Noah's Ark-influenced story, where Granpa's house is submerged and the pair have to accommodate exotic animals. The final jungle section is left intentionally incomplete. As the seasons pass, Granpa grows frailer, and eventually Emily is left alone with an empty chair and the old man's loyal dog. She left the house and met a boy and other children and begin playing together.<ref namehttp://www.fandango.com/granpa_v20508/summary |title2008-05-24 |publisher }}"] ["Spookley the Square Pumpkin was found in the pumpkin patch by Bella and Boris. Two pumpkins aren't very nice to him, so he feels left out. At first the other pumpkins make fun of him because Spookley is square. Jack  allows him to compete in the 'Jack-a-Lympics' contest. He saves the residents of the farm within a storm. He showed kindness to the pumpkins that made fun of him and saved their lives. At the end, it shows the farmer carrying Spookley into his house and shows him on the farmers porch lit up with a candle."] ["The film costars Tim Conway and Don Knotts as a pair of bumbling holdup men who try to steal gold, but are later offered it by a group of children. Conway and Knotts play the leads in the sequel , in which Bixby and the rest of the original cast &ndash; with the exception of Harry Morgan as the sheriff &ndash; do not appear. It also features Susan Clark as the stagecoach driver who is persuaded to marry the gambler in an attempt for both of them to keep custody of the children; Harry Morgan as the sheriff who doubles as the barber, Justice of the Peace, and the judge; and Slim Pickens as Knotts' and Conway's former boss who tries to kidnap the children and steal the gold."] ['Troy Bolton and Gabriella meet at a New Year\'s Eve party while both teenagers are at a ski lodge during winter break. At the party, the two are called upon to sing karaoke together . They seem to be attracted to each other, and exchange numbers before parting. After Christmas break, Troy sees Gabriella in his homeroom, and she explains that she just moved from Albuquerque, New Mexico and transferred to East High over break. Troy shows Gabriella around the school, and they pause in front of the sign-up sheet for the winter musical auditions. This alarms Drama Club president Sharpay Evans, who assumes that Gabriella is interested in auditioning. Wanting to eliminate competition, Sharpay investigates the new girl and arranges for the scholastic decathlon captain, Taylor McKessie, to find out about Gabriella\'s past academic achievements. During basketball practice, Troy has trouble focusing because his thoughts are on Gabriella and the idea that he might enjoy singing more . Gabriella and Troy both go to the musical auditions where Sharpay and her twin brother Ryan perform  but both are too shy to audition. When Gabriella finally summons the courage to step forward, Troy offers to sing with her, but Ms. Darbus tells them that they are too late. After Ms. Darbus apparently leaves, Kelsi Nielson, the composer of the musical, trips and drops her things. Troy and Gabriella rush to help her, and they sing together as Kelsi plays piano (What I\'ve Been Looking For . Ms. Darbus overhears them and gives them a callback audition. When the callback list is posted, Sharpay is furious to learn that she has competition for the lead in the musical, and the rest of the Wildcats are shocked that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned for a musical. Other students confess their own secret passions and talents , alarming both Taylor and Troy\'s friend Chad Danforth. Since Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic decathlon team, both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to focus on their upcoming competitions rather than the musical. To help Troy and Gabriella return to normal, Chad and the basketball team trick Troy into saying that Gabriella is not important while she watches through a wi-fi link that the scholastic decathlon team has set up. Gabriella is hurt , she refuses to talk to Troy and decides not to audition for the musical. Chad and Taylor feel guilty for ruining Troy and Gabriella\'s relationship, and decide to tell them the truth. After Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what they did and offer to support him in callbacks, Troy goes to Gabriella\'s house and they make up. Intimidated after overhearing Gabriella and Troy practicing, Sharpay convinces Ms. Darbus to change the callback time to coincide with both the basketball championship and the scholastic decathlon, so that Gabriella and Troy cannot participate. Kelsi overhears the conversation and the basketball team and the decathlon team work together to come up with a plan. On the day of the competitions, Taylor and Gabriella use the school\'s computers to cause a series of mishaps that delay the big game and the decathlon. With both competitions delayed, Troy and Gabriella rush to the auditorium, and Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song , confident that their plan worked. Troy and Gabriella then audition  and Ms. Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles, making Sharpay and Ryan understudies. Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions, and the film ends when the entire school gathers in the gym to celebrate . A short scene after the credits show Zeke pacing alone in the gym as Sharpay comes running in declaring the cookies she rejected from him earlier "genius!". She then hugs him and he says he\'ll make her a creme brulee.'] ['Karan  is a 13 year old orphan boy who lives in a dilapidated orphanage owned by a stern, uncouth warden, John "Hitler" Kakkad . Karan has two dreams: one is to have parents and the other is to be a big cricketer. His inspiration is Kapil Dev since he has been brought up on the motivating stories of India\'s \'83 World Cup win by the orphanage caretaker, Bholu Dada  who is a loving and a gentle old man. Karan\'s best buddy in the orphanage is Daboo  who often lends his gentle ears to the aspirations which Karan lives on. His dreams take a turn when one day, he lays his hands on an old cricket bat which Karan is convinced is the bat that Kapil Dev used to win the \'83 World Cup; for him, the bat becomes a magic bat. One day by a stroke of luck, the coach of the Indian cricket team spots Karan and is highly impressed by his batting skill. This happens at a time when the Indian cricket team is going through a rough patch. Karan and his magical bat are inducted into the Indian cricket team as the opening batsman along with the captain, Varun . When the little boy marches onto the pitch and wins the match for India Karan soon becomes the nation\'s heartthrob. Although he was formerly rejected by adopting couples, he is now the most sought after kid in the country. However, Raghav  the orphanage bully hates him and feels that if Karan did not have the magic bat he would have never made it to the cricket team. Raghav now wants the magic bat at any cost. Karan and Varun develop a strong emotional bond deeper than fellow cricketers. Karan has no parents and Varun has parents, but is estranged with his father and does not want to accept him. Karan strongly believes that parents are the best gift endowed by God and succeeds in uniting Varun with his father. At the final 5th one day match between India and Pakistan, events spiral out of control and Karan\'s magic bat is destroyed by Raghav. Karan is a nervous wreck, but Varun makes him realize that faith in oneself counts beyond anything else. With Karan\'s help, India wins the match. Karan decides to stop playing for now and rejoin the team when he is older. Varun and his girlfriend decide to adopt Karan.'] ['The story is of a girl named Haru, a quiet, shy and unassuming high school student who has a suppressed ability to talk with cats. One day, she saves a darkly-colored, odd-eyed cat from being hit by a truck on a busy road. The cat is Lune, Prince of the Cat Kingdom. As thanks, the cats give Haru gifts of catnip and mice, and she is offered the Prince\'s hand in marriage. Her mixed reply is taken as a yes. Wanting none of this, Haru hears a kind, female voice, which tells her to seek the Cat Bureau. Haru meets Muta, a large white cat the voice told her to seek for directions, who leads her there to meet the Baron (the same Baron from [[Whisper of the Heart , who is a cat figurine given life by the work of his artist, and Toto, a stone raven who comes to life much like the Baron. Soon after meeting them, Haru and Muta are forcefully taken to the Cat Kingdom, leaving Toto and the Baron in the human world to follow the group from the air. The Baron and his crow friend find the entrance to the Cat Kingdom on Earth: Five lakes forming a cat\'s paw. Haru is conducted to a feast at the castle of the Cat Kingdom and she begins to slowly turn into a cat with tan paws, ears and whiskers, though still mainly human, so that she will make a suitable bride for the Prince. At the feast, the Baron  dances with Haru as part of the entertainment, and reveals to her that the more she loses herself in the kingdom, the more cat-like she will become, and that she has to discover her true self. When the Baron is discovered and is forced to fight the guards, he and Haru are helped by Yuki, a white female cat who works as a servant in the palace and who had tried to warn Haru to leave the Cat Kingdom before she was taken to the castle. Yuki shows them an escape leading to a tunnel. Haru, the Baron, and Muta\'s escape moves them through a maze to a tower, which contains a portal to Haru\'s world. The King goes through a series of efforts to keep them in the Cat Kingdom long enough for Haru to remain trapped in the form of a cat and have her as his daughter-in-law. Lune and his guards return to the Cat Kingdom to reveal the King was not acting on his behalf and has no desire to marry Haru; he has instead planned on proposing to Yuki. Muta is revealed to be a notorious criminal in the Kingdom , and Yuki as being the strange voice who had advised Haru to go to the Cat Bureau. In her childhood, Haru had saved Yuki from starvation by giving her the fish crackers she was eating, and Yuki has now repaid her kindness. Eventually, the Baron, Haru and Muta escape the Cat Realm, with the aid of Prince Lune and Toto, and Haru discovers her true self and tells the Baron how she has come to like him. He tells her "Just for the record, I admire a young woman who speaks from the heart." and that the doors of the Cat Bureau will be open for her again. Haru returns to the human world with more confidence in herself; after learning that her former crush has broken up with his girlfriend, she simply replies "it doesn\'t matter anymore."'] ["Andy Colby  is a 12-year-old boy with too much time on his hands and an addiction to movies. He goes to a local video store looking for a movie he hasn’t seen and asks the crazy video store clerk , for a real adventure. He is given a new video that isn't even on the shelves yet. He is also given instructions to never let go of the remote and don’t sit too close to the television. Unfortunately, his sister Bonnie  is instead sucked into the TV and Andy has to rescue her. In his haste he ends up letting go of the remote and gets too close to the screen. With the help of characters from past movies, Andy has to face many trials to get his sister away from the purple and barely menacing villain, Lord Chroma ."] ['The plot was described by the author and numerous critics as a teen installment to a Jackie Chan plot with a Disney twist. Gary Marsh called the film "Buffy the Vampire Slayer meets Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon".Marissa Guthrie . I was a teenage \'warrior\'. New York Daily News. Accessed 2008-11-11. Wendy Wu  is an average, popular American teenager whose life is turned upside down by a visit from a young Buddhist monk Shen . Shen claims Wendy is the reincarnation of an all-powerful almighty female warrior and the only one who can prevent an ancient evil spirit from destroying the world. He then pleads Wendy to wear an incredibly strong and powerful amulet that will protect her from evil until he can fully train her in martial arts. Appalled by Shen\'s obvious lack of fashion sense - he usually wears a traditional monk\'s robe - Wendy pays little attention to him. She is too busy campaigning for Homecoming Queen against her school arch rival, Jessica Dawson, to be bothered with rescuing civilization. Wendy\'s traditional grandmother knows that Shen is speaking the truth; her mother  was the previous Yin Warrior who ninety years earlier defeated Yan-Lo in China. However, the others in Wendy\'s family have lost touch with their Chinese heritage. Shen\'s discussion of Chinese culture inspire Wendy\'s mother, a researcher at Fair Springs National History Museum, and Shen\'s mooncakes do the same for Wendy\'s father. However, faced with the choice between fighting evil and going shopping, Wendy is off to the mall in a heartbeat with her best friends Tory and Lisa. Yan-Lo soon materializes and sets out to destroy Wendy before she can attain her full Yin Warrior powers and abilities. In quick succession, the dark spirit possesses a security guard at the museum, Wendy\'s brother, her principal, her dog, her teachers, her best friend Tory and even  Jessica Dawson. Wendy breaks up with her boyfriend, Austin after noticing how much of a jerk he is and starts to bond more with Shen. With Shen\'s help, her teachers are transformed into the souls of the Five Animals of Chinese martial arts to help teach Wendy. Mr. Medina becomes the Tiger, Coach Gibbs becomes the Snake, Mr. Tobias becomes the Crane, Mr. Garibay becomes the Leopard, and Shen himself becomes the Dragon. The martial arts training unleashes Wendy\'s inner heroine for a final showdown with Yan-Lo during Homecoming. In the last scene, Jessica thanks Wendy for lending her the Homecoming crown and the Queen status, opposing her usual hostile approach towards Wendy and the conflict between the two is apparently put to rest. Yan Lo then returns, choosing to this time appear in person, and the battle continues. Shen begins to sacrifice himself, his destiny, but Wendy saves him by changing his destiny. Wendy and Shen both kick Yan Lo together, and Yan Lo is destroyed forever. The monks tell Shen this is his last life, and the monks leave. At the end, Wendy and Shen leave to get the cappucinos and chocolate that Shen said he loves earlier in the movie, hinting that they might begin dating.'] [' The film starts with a brief introduction in the 19th century American West featuring a bald eagle gliding over the homeland of the mustangs, which resembles several western US National Parks. There is then a scene showing the birth of a Buckskin Kiger Mustang, Spirit . Spirit soon grows into a stallion, and assumes the role of leader of the herd, whose duty it is to keep the herd safe. This is demonstrated when he saves two foals from a mountain lion. Spirit is a courageous leader, but has a serious mischievous streak and a high sense of curiosity. Spotting a camp one night not far from his herd, the stallion is unable to control his curiosity and moves towards it, as he\'s never seen humans before. To Spirit\'s surprise, the humans (possibly [[wrangler  are vicious. After a long chase, he is captured and taken to a US cavalry post. During this time in the film, the army is fighting the Indian Wars and taking over the soon-to-be western United States. There he encounters, "The Colonel" . The Colonel attempts to tame the mustang, but Spirit manages to outwit all who attempt to ride him. During this time, a Lakota Native American named Little Creek  is also brought into the fort and held captive, through the night and day they become friends. Through a series of events, Little Creek and Spirit, along with several army horses, escape the post. Little Creek\'s own paint mare, Rain, meets them, along with other Indians who loosely capture Spirit. After returning to the Lakota village, Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together, much to Spirit\'s dismay. Rain willingly shows Spirit her world. Spirit begins to understand their ways and falls in love with the mare. His romantic affections for Rain, however, do not soften his yearning to be free. At the end of their time together Little Creek decides that Spirit should never be tamed and frees him. As Spirit asks Rain to come with him to his herd, a Cavalry Regiment led by the Colonel ransacks the Lakota village. Rain is shot by the Colonel, knocking her into the river while Spirit knocks the colonel off his horse, saving Little Creek\'s life. Spirit dives into the river to try to rescue Rain, but is unsuccessful and they both plummet over a waterfall. Having both survived, Spirit comforts Rain on the riverbed as she is dying from her gun wound until cavalry scouts tear him away and sell him to be used for the constructing railroad. After finding Rain critically injured just as Spirit is being led away, Little Creek vows to free the mustang once and for all in accordance with his life-debt; and follows the men after tending to his own mare. Spirit and other stolen horses are loaded onto a train and taken to a work site on the Transcontinental Railroad where they are put to work pulling a steam locomotive on a sledge up a mountain when attempts to tunnel have failed even with explosives. Spirit realizes that if the track extends along its present course it will infringe on his homeland. Spirit breaks free from the sledge carrying the locomotive and breaks the chains holding the other horses to the sledge. This causes the locomotive to fall off its sledge and down the steep hill where it collides with another locomotive at the railhead, causing a boiler explosion which starts the camp and woods on fire. Little Creek appears, saves Spirit from the wildfire, and takes him to safety. The next morning, Colonel and his men find Spirit and Little Creek. A climactic chase scene ensues on winding rock passages that lead to a canyon where the two again outsmart the Army. Spirit also makes a "freedom" jump which amazes The Colonel. The Colonel stops one of his men from shooting the two and exchanges nods of respect with Spirit before they part. Spirit races back to the rebuilt Lakota village with Little Creek. Spirit finds Rain who is still alive, nursed back to health by the Lakota people. Little Creek decides to name the Kiger mustang "Spirit-Who-Could-Not-Be-Broken". Little Creek, knowing it\'s for the best, sets Spirit and Rain free. Eventually, the two horses joyfully meet up with Spirit\'s own herd, including his mother. Viewers then see the eagle as he flies up into clouds shaped like horses.'] ['Max, a lonely 8-year-old boy WBshop.com - The Official Online Store of Warner Bros. Studios with an active imagination whose parents are divorced, wears a wolf costume and chases his dog. His older sister Claire does nothing when her friends crush Max\'s snow fort  during a snowball fight. Out of frustration, Max messes up her bedroom and destroys a frame that he had made for her. Max\'s teacher teaches him and his classmates about the eventual death of the sun. His mother Connie invites her boyfriend Adrian to dinner. Max becomes upset with his mother for not coming to the fort he made in his room. He wears his wolf costume, acts like an animal, and demands to be fed. When his mother gets upset, he throws a tantrum and bites her on the shoulder. She yells at him and he runs away, scared by what transpired. At the edge of a pond Max finds a small boat that he boards. The pond becomes an ocean. Max reaches an island. Still in his wolf costume, he stumbles upon a group of seven large, monstrous creatures. One of them, Carol, is in the middle of a destructive tantrum caused by a female wild thing named K.W. leaving while the others attempt to stop him. As Carol wreaks havoc Max tries to join the mayhem, but soon finds himself facing the suspicious anger of the Wild Things. When they contemplate eating him, Max convinces them that he is a King with magical powers capable of bringing harmony to the group. They crown him as their King. Shortly after, K.W. returns and Max declares a wild rumpus, in which the Wild Things smash trees and tackle each other. The Wild Things introduce themselves as Carol, Ira, Judith, Alexander, Douglas, The Bull, and K.W. where they end up piling on one another before going to sleep, with Max at the center. Carol takes Max on a tour of the island, showing him a model he built depicting what he wishes the island looked like. Inspired by this, Max orders the construction of an enormous fort, with Carol in charge of construction. As Max bonds with Carol, K.W. brings her two owl friends Bob and Terry to the fort. A disagreement ensues as Carol feels the togetherness of their group is threatened by the outsiders. To release their frustrations, Max divides the tribe into "good guys" and "bad guys" for a dirt-ball fight, but Alexander is hurt during the game. Tension mounts between the Wild Things as it becomes obvious Max favors some of the Wild Things over others. After an argument between K.W. and Carol, K.W. leaves. Max finds Alexander alone in the fort and has a conversation with him. Alexander reveals that he always suspected that Max is not a King with magical powers, but warns him to never let Carol know. Max\'s secret is exposed when Carol throws another tantrum and Douglas tries to make him accept the fact that Max was never a King. Carol becomes enraged and ends up ripping off Douglas\' right arm . Then he chases Max into the forest and threatens to eat him. Max is saved by K.W., who hides him in her stomach. Carol and K.W. have an argument over Carol\'s misbehavior. After Carol leaves, K.W. explains that their lives are difficult, with Carol\'s tantrums making things worse. Max realizes what his mother is going through and decides to leave the island to head home. Max finds the crushed remains of Carol\'s model island and leaves a token of affection for him to find . He finds Carol and tells him he is going home because he is not a King. The other Wild Things escort Max to his boat. Carol runs to join them after finding Max\'s token and arrives in time to see him off. He starts to howl and Max howls back, then all the other Wild Things join in. Carol looks at K.W. and she smiles kindly at him. Returning home, Max is embraced by his distraught mother, who gives him a bowl of hot soup, a glass of milk and a piece of cake and sits with him as he eats. He watches as she falls asleep.'] ['The film follows the adventures of three children: a skateboarding mischief-maker named Fly; his sweet younger sister, Stella; and their cousin, a cautious, intelligent and overweight genetics prodigy named Chuck. When their babysitter, Aunt Anna, falls asleep, the three children sneak off to go fishing only to stumble across the boathouse home of Professor MacKrill, an eccentric marine biologist. Reasoning that climate change will melt the polar icecaps within the next century, MacKrill has developed a potion that turns people into fish so they can survive the rising sea level and also an antidote to reverse the process. Unbeknownst to all, Stella drinks the potion, is transformed into a starfish and gets tossed out of the window into the sea. Since Stella\'s transformation was caught on camera, the tragedy is immediately discovered, so Fly, Chuck and Professor MacKrill head out onto the ocean in a desperate search. When a storm blows in, Fly recognizes the futility of their search, drinks the potion and jumps overboard, becoming a "Californian Flyfish". The boat capsizes and, because Chuck cannot swim, he\'s forced to drink the potion to survive, becoming a jellyfish. The Professor, the boat and all of its contents sinks beneath the waves. A great white shark and a pilot fish come across the leaking bottle of antidote and gain the human characteristics of speech by inhaling the liquid. Using his newfound gifts, the pilot fish, who now calls himself Joe, sets about creating an underwater civilization of intelligent fish. They take residence in a sunken oil tanker and begin to transform it into a monument. Fly, Chuck and Stella are reunited, along with a seahorse named Sasha, but are horrified to discover that the antidote has been lost. If they don\'t find it before tomorrow\'s sunset, they will stay fish forever. Some traveling fish tell them about Joe and his "magical potion". Thinking it must be the antidote they are looking for, the children travel to Joe\'s oil tanker empire. At the tanker, Fly attempts to steal and drink the bottle of antidote, but is warned by Chuck that if they turn back into humans this far beneath the ocean, they\'ll die. Intrigued by this, Joe has the children arrested and demands they manufacture more of the antidote or he\'ll have them eaten by the Shark. Meanwhile, Fly and Stella\'s parents, Lisa and Bill, arrive home to find Aunt Anna frantic with worry. They find that Fly\'s fishing equipment is gone, so they head to the beach to search. There, they meet Professor MacKrill who, having survived the storm, explains that their children have been turned into fish. Though the parents are skeptical at first, a showing of the video recording from earlier validates his story. He and Bill head out to search for the children in a cobbled-together ship fitted with a large water pump. The next morning, the children manage to escape with the help of Sasha. With no chance of going back to retrieve the bottle of antidote, they decide that their best hope is to find the ingredients to recreate the antidote themselves. Just as they complete the formula, they are found by Joe, the Shark and their army of crabs. During the standoff, Joe and the Shark get into a heated argument. Taking this opportunity to escape, the children are stopped by the leader of the crabs who attacks Fly, then drinks the antidote himself. Just as the new "King Crab" and his army is about to capture the children yet again, a tremendous underwater twister, generated by the Professor\'s water pump ship, sucks all the crabs  to the surface. Now alone, with Fly dying, and only twelve minutes until sundown, Chuck realizes their last hope is to make it back to the Professor\'s lab, where a whole jug of antidote is stored. Showing unexpected courage and determination, Chuck carries both Fly and Stella through the dangerous seawater intake pipes back to the lab. However, they are pursued by Joe, who overpowers them and steals the antidote. While Chuck fights off the Professor\'s escaped piranhas, Fly manages to catch up to the fleeing Joe and tricks him into drinking enough antidote to become mostly human. Since Joe can no longer breathe underwater, he drowns. Fly drags the jug of antidote back to the lab and collapses. Chuck uncorks the jug just as Lisa and Aunt Anna open the door to the laboratory, causing everyone to get swept away. As the water drains away, Chuck and Stella have become human once more and are reunited with their parents. After a few tense moments in which a stuffed fish is mistaken for the limp body of Fly, the human Fly emerges from one of the lab\'s pipes . Later on, while playing by the beach, Stella is reunited with Sasha, who is turned into an actual horse by the Professor and Chuck.'] ['The movie begins with grizzly bear cub, Griselda, being told by her mother a story about bears from prehistoric times, led by Ursus, who were sent to the stars  by their leader, in order to watch over the bears on Earth from there and protect them from harm. Meanwhile, in San Francisco, a local theatre owner, Draco, is being intimidated by gangster McGrath, whom he owes a large amount of money. Standing at the edge of bankruptcy, Draco desperately needs a new show, that would guarantee him a money income and thus repaying McGrath . He decides to organize a performance of dancing bears. From now on, along with his simply-minded assistant Muggsy and Maestro - a pianist working at his theatre - Draco sets on a journey, hunting and imprisoning bears from around the world, forcing them to dance in his show. One of the bears that were kidnapped by Draco was Griselda\'s mother. During the hunt, Draco and Muggsy were accompanied by adopted city dog, Sniffy, who chased Griselda , but simultaneously separated from his masters, who left him behind, as they left with Griselda\'s mother as captive. Hours pass. Griselda, still hiding on a tree, grows more and more upset, as she fruitlessly awaits her mother. As she starts crying, she looks into the stars, and reminds herself a story told by her mother. When she asks for help, a star ship arrives from Ursa Major constellation, landing nearby. It appears, that it is piloted by Sebastian, the star bear, who comes in response for Griselda\'s plea for help. Along with her, his robot assistant SOUCI and Sniffy , he sets on a journey to save Griselda\'s mother, and ruin Draco\'s plans, freeing bears imprisoned by him. Using Sebastian\'s star ship, the team locates a train, transporting Draco and his assistants, as well as imprisoned Griselda\'s mother. They struggle to release the latter, but they are unable to do it, because she is held in a cage, locked on a padlock, to that only Draco has the key. During the action on a train, however, Sebastian manages to enter the Draco\'s car  and gain his personal notes. Soon after that, Sebastian is almost caught by humans, and the team is forced to run, leaving Griselda\'s mother - as well as Sniffy, who merely felt asleep in Draco\'s truck. At the same time, Griselda, SOUCI and Sebastian travel by the latter\'s star ship again, this time trying to find out, what Draco\'s next move will be. Basing on the notes Sebastian found on the train, they arrive to the circus placed in Boulder Plains. As it soon appears, that circus has a show performed by bears in its repertoire, and is going be Draco\'s next target. After arriving there, they find Sniffy, who rejoins their team. To Draco\'s anger, Sebastian intervenes, when Draco and Muggsy are attempting to kidnap the performing bears. However, although Sebastian manages to ruin Draco\'s plans, he gets caught himself. He is taken away on the Draco\'s truck, which later boards transport aeroplane. Griselda and SOUCI are shocked to witness that, but are unable to save Sebastian on time, and thus are forced to look for him, on the board of the star ship. Meanwhile, on the Draco\'s aeroplane, Sebastian in held captive in a cage. Draco, as it appears, plans to kill him, by dropping him into sea and therefore drowning. However, that plan is not realized, because when Draco, Muggsy and Maestro fell all asleep, Sebastian uses his graviton  to obtain the key to the cage he is held in . Sebastian then gets into the truck\'s cockpit and drives away from the board of aeroplane through cargo door, despite Muggsy\'s attempts to stop him. Floating in the space, Sebastian is finally found by SOUCI and reunites with the team. The next theatre of Draco\'s actions proves to be the China, where he plans to catch a local panda. Sebastian and his team arrive there as well, and run into Draco during their travel through the country. SOUCI is badly damaged and almost destroyed, when Draco\'s truck runs over her. Sebastian and Griselda are almost caught, but Sniffy helps them to escape, desperately attacking humans. SOUCI, damaged too heavily to walk, is carried away by Sebastian. After getting far away from Draco, Sebastian leaves SOUCI on the ground, promising, that we will be back to take her home. Sebastian, Griselda and Sniffy visit the mysterious magician and inventor, Ha So, who invites them to his palace, and presents the device of his project, the transvisualator, which enables them to observe the panda. The latter is being caught by Draco at the same time, but Sebastian modifies the device, making it capable of "teleporting" panda safely into Ha So\'s palace, therefore disrupting Draco\'s plans again. Sebastian then uses transvisualator to teleport Muggsy, who is next tied to a chair and questioned by Sebastian, who forces him  to reveal, where the Draco\'s bear show will be performed. With this information, Sebastian, Griselda and Sniffy fly to San Francisco in order to begin the final showdown with Draco. When they arrive, the show starts already, and the house is full of people . Although Draco tries to stop Sebastian, the actions of the latter, as well as Griselda and Sniffy, cause the disarray. When Griselda gets on the scene, the bear trainer, trying to catch her, uses his whip, hurting the dancing bears as a consequence, and thus enraging the audience, who demand to stop the show. Later the people panic, when released bears leave the scene. In the chaos, Draco escapes as well, taking money he earned on the performance, to McGrath\'s anger. Sebastian leads the bears out of theatre and uses the tramway to transport them all out from the city. During this, they nearly run over Draco\'s truck, damaging it heavily and making to run out of control. Draco, Muggsy and Maestro drive into the lake, where they are caught by enraged McGrath. Meanwhile, the tramway full of bears reaches the forest near the city - bears imprisoned by Draco, along with Griselda\'s mother, are finally free. Sebastian\'s mission is over, so he brings Griselda and her mother back to the land they came from . After bidding goodbye with Griselda , he flies back to China, picking up SOUCI still lying there. They both fly back to their planet. During that travel, SOUCI miracously becomes what she has dreamed of to become - the true star bear.'] ["In 1962 Toni Whitney, a nine-year-old girl, and her Rockport, Maine family adopt an orphaned baby seal, naming it Andre. Andre is manageable when he is young but as Andre gets older and starts getting into mischief, he antagonizes some of the local fishermen. Toni forms an inseparable bond with Andre, but their relationship becomes threatened when the fishermen do not want to deal with Andre's antics any longer. The Whitney family is based on the Goodridge family."] [' {{Main}} About six months after the DigiDestined departed from the Digital World, Izzy discovers a virus infected Digi-Egg on the internet and rushes over to Tai\'s apartment to inform him about the newly-hatched Digimon, Kuramon. Tai and Izzy monitor him, horrified as Kuramon rapidly digivolves to its Rookie level, Keramon, all the while consuming large amounts of computer data until Gennai appears in a transmission from the Digital World, warning them about the dangers of his growth. He dispatches Agumon and Tentomon to stop the corrupted Digimon. Keramon digivolves into Infermon, and easily defeats the Champion and Ultimate forms of Tentomon and Agumon, revealing that Keramon completely skipped over his Champion form and digivolved straight to his Ultimate level. Tai furiously tries to alert the rest of the DigiDestined, but succeeds enlisting only the help of brothers Matt and T.K. Agumon and Gabumon Warp Digivolve to WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon, prompting Infermon to Digivolve into Diaboromon, but they slow down and are severely beaten because of the massive amount of e-mails being sent to Tai and Izzy from people around the world who are watching the battle from their computers. Diaboromon begins to duplicate himself and sets up a timer for 10 minutes as he forces the Pentagon to launch two nuclear missiles: one headed for Colorado, the other for the Tai\'s own neighborhood in Odaiba, Tokyo. Unable to accept defeat and because their bond with their Digimon is so strong, Tai and Matt become digital and enter their computers to revive their Digimon. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon gain the ability to DNA Digivolve to Omnimon, who easily defeats all but the original Diaboromon. At one minute to go, Diaboromon is still too fast for them to hit, but Izzy forwards him the massive amount of e-mails to slow him down. At the very last second, Omnimon impales Diaboromon through the head, disabling the missiles and killing him. Unfortunately, the virus tracks down Willis and infects Kokomon.  {{Main}} While visiting Mimi in New York, T.K. and Kari witness a battle between Willis, Terriermon, and Wendigomon, Kokomon\'s corrupted Champion form . Wendigomon cryptically insists for Willis to "go back", to which he interprets as returning to Colorado. Kari, believing him to be in danger, e-mails Davis Motomiya and the other Digidestined for help in hopes of assembling in Colorado. Unfortunately, T.K. and Kari\'s train becomes derailed by Wendigomon on the way and they are unable to meet with the others. Meanwhile, after taking planes and taxis, Davis, Yolei Inoue, and Cody Hida meet Willis in a truck. When Willis tries to get their group transportation to his house, the ride leaves without him and Davis; however, Davis devises a plan to get themselves to Colorado faster with the help of Raidramon. At the rendez-vous point, Davis, Yolei, and Cody began to question Willis\' knowledge about Wendigomon. Hesitantly, Willis reveals that he, as a child, tried to create a digi-egg after experiencing the joys of having his twin Digimon . However, a virus attacked the egg which mutated into Diaboromon. After the original Digidestined defeated Diaboromon, the virus tracked down Willis and infected Kokomon. Willis assumes full responsibility for the situation. However, Davis and Terriermon convince him to let them help, as they are friends and are on the same team. At Willis\'s home the next morning, Wendigomon expectedly reappears, but Digivolves to Antylamon and easily defeats the DigiDestined. Once digivolved into Cherubimon, he proceeds to eat their Digimon, but T.K. and Kari arrive at the nick of time to provide back-up with Angemon and Angewomon. Angry, Cherubimon de-Digivolves the Digimon then de-ages the Digidestined, revealing that he wanted Willis to "go back" in time to when the virus first attacked him. To combat him, Angewomon and Angemon Digivolve to their Mega forms, Magnadramon and Seraphimon, to release two Golden Digi-Eggs for Willis and Davis. Veemon and Terriermon Golden Armor Digivolve to Magnamon and Rapidmon and allow themselves to be swallowed by Cherubimon. Inside, they see a manifestation of Wendigomon\'s true self, who begs them to destroy the virus. After doing so, Cherubimon is purified, but succumbs to his injuries and dies. After saying goodbye to his new friends, Willis and Terriermon walk back home to find Kokomon\'s Digi-egg on the beach.'] ["A mysterious young girl, Pippi Longstocking, moves into the abandoned Villa Villekulla. The redheaded Pippi, living alone but for a monkey called Mr. Nilsson and her horse Little Old Man, befriends two neighboring children, Tommy and Annika. Soon inseparable companions, the three youngsters embark upon a series of colorful escapades, which turn the small Swedish town upside down. Local busybody Miss Prysselius schemes to have Pippi put into a children's home, and sets the town's bumbling cops Kling and Klang on her with riotous results!"] ['The film opens with Jack “Jackie” Walker, a Pokémon ranger undercover, infiltrating Phantom the Pirate’s ship and retrieving a special Pokémon egg to prevent Phantom’s selfish desires. Jackie manages to escape with the help of a Mantine, a water/flying type Pokémon. Sometime later Ash Ketchum along with his Pikachu, Brock, May, and her younger brother Max stumble upon the Marina Group, a traveling family circus consisted of water and psychic-type Pokémon. They meet Elizabeth, the star and daughter of Kyle and Meredith, performers and Kyle’s father Chip, the conductor. They kindly take in Ash and the others who are suffering from dehydration in the wasteland. After a performance at a nearby town, May discovers the same egg shown earlier in the film by the Marina Group’s pet Buizel, a water-type Pokémon. A clown apparently traveling with the group takes away the egg and hands it to Elizabeth. That night, May has a dream with her encountering a temple under the sea and a mysterious Pokémon. That morning she explains it to everyone and it turns out that Marina Group have all had that dream and tell the others about a group of people called the People of the Water, stating that they are in relation with them. Meanwhile, Team Rocket; Jessie, James and Meowth raid the Marina Group’s trailer for the egg and attempt to hand it over to Phantom. They fail when the Marina Group’s clown reveals himself as Jack Walker who captures a Fearow to retrieve it. Jackie explains that the egg belongs to a legendary water-type Pokémon called Manaphy and that his mission is to deliver it to Samiya, the sea temple. Shortly, Phantom and his goons arrive to steal the egg. After a brief struggle, the egg hatches in May’s arms revealing Manaphy. After escaping Phantom, the group arrive at a series of ruins where Kyle uses a bracelet referred as the People of the Water’s mark to open a secret water route leading to a chamber that displays a legend about Samiya. Ash and the others learn that Samiya can blend in with the water and only appears during a rare lunar eclipse. Jackie mentions that they must protect Manaphy from Phantom or else Phantom will find and steal Samiya’s treasure, the sea crown. Leaving through a grotto, Jackie informs Ash and the others that they can’t participate in his mission. On the mean time, Phantom encounters Team Rocket who hires them as a reward for leading him to Manaphy. Phantom decides to follow the group toward the temple. Jackie, Manaphy and the Marina Group depart on Chip’s boat, the Blue Lagoon to Samiya however Manaphy throws a tantrum noticing May isn’t with it. It uses it ability, Heart Swap to link Jackie to Ash, switching bodies. Ash and the others are welcome aboard on the mission, however Jackie feel concerned over May and Manaphy’s developing relationship. Manaphy, choosing its path individually, leads the Blue Lagoon to Samiya’s location. During their journey, Jackie reveals to Ash that he wanted to become Pokémon ranger after a group of migrating Pokémon saved his life in the mountains as a child. Jackie shortly believes that May’s motherly affection toward Manaphy was effecting his mission and so on May starts to avoid overlay contacting with Manaphy, much to her dismay. That night, Elizabeth hands May her bracelet insisting that she should wear it. The next day, May’s bandana is pushed into the sea by wind and Manaphy sets out out retrieve it. In a submarine, Elizabeth, Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max set out to find Manaphy, which they do however they get caught in a riptide. They arrive at Samiya during the lunar eclipse, unaware that Phantom has been following them. Phantom encounters the group in Samiya and opens the door to the sea crown. He removes a jewel from the sea crown, triggering the temple to flood and sink. Jackie arrives and faces off with Phantom, outsmarting him returning most of the jewels but one. Before evacuating, Manaphy attempts save the temple with Ash and May behind it. Elizabeth, Brock and Max are forced to leave the temple. Ash and May reach the sea crown and piece the jewels back on the crown but realize there is one left. The temple begins to flood halfway, Jackie and Phantom escape Samiya, and Team Rocket that stowed away in Phantom’s submarine are carried off by a current into the sea. Ash finds the last jewel and a large capsule that was a part of Phantom’s submarine. He puts May, Manaphy and Pikachu in the capsule and attempts to the return the jewel, nearly drowning in the process. He manages to save Samiya just after it floods completely and the temple rises to the surface. Phantom shows up and snatches Manaphy. Although they believed Ash had died, Ash appears inside a beam of golden light spawned from the crown and takes back Manaphy. Phantom’s ship intervenes and several ocean Pokémon including Kyogre, a water-type legendary Pokémon retaliate under Manaphy’s orders. Phantom is defeated revealing his abnormal strength to be powered by a mecha suit, Jackie’s mission is complete. At dusk, everyone watches as Samiya returns to the depths and May and Manaphy share one last tearful hug before going their separate ways. During the credits, Phantom and his second-in-command Galen is detained and Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max depart from the Marina Group. Jackie is seen on patrol capturing the legendary electric/flying-type Zapdos. Team Rocket have been swallowed by a Wailord and are shot out of its blowhole and it appears Samiya is now at peace with Manaphy present. Ash and the others continue their journey as the film closes.'] ['Phineas T. Prune is an old miser who holds the deed to the North Pole. It seems that Santa Claus is behind in paying his rent. Prune plans to have Santa, Mrs. Claus and the elves evicted and keep the Christmas toys. Santa asks Sam Whipple for help. Can Whipple and the children around the world help Santa and prevent Christmas from being cancelled?'] ['The movie starts with George  swinging around town, and he picks up the newspaper. He reads it when he gets home and finds out that the great magician Piccadilly  is holding an act with an elephant called Kayla. It sounds interesting to George so he wakes up Ted ([[Jeff Bennett , and he tries to show Ted the news, but Ted is late for a meeting with Mr. Bloomsberry. When Ted gets to the museum he prepares reasons as to why he would be a good candidate to take over the museum for Mr. Bloomsberry who is retiring. Mr. Bloomsberry however, says that Ted is the only candidate because he couldn\'t imagine leaving not even Junior  to own the museum. The only stipulation is Ted has to write a presentation on what his vision of what the museum would look like; to be delivered in one week, to the Board of Directors. However Ted is scared of the Board of Directors. As Ted is in his office writing his charts, Maggie tells him that his loved needs more attention: her, George, etc. George comes in and tries to show Ted the poster with Kayla . Ted says he understands what Maggie is saying and decided to take George to the magic show. During one of Piccadilly\'s magic tricks, Kayla disappears, and George goes looking for her. He finds Kayla in the basement of the theatre, starts playing with her and they stumble upon the exit for the building. Piccadilly comes in and can\'t find Kayla so he calls for security, the head of which is Danno Wolfe  who is assisted by Mrs. Fisher. Danno questions Ted and gets suspicious about him and George. Meanwhile, George and Kayla make their way to Ted\'s apartment where they see news coverage of Kayla\'s original home in California. Ted returns home to find George and Kayla in their apartment. He decides to return to the theatre with George and Kayla but along the way loses them when George sees a train advertisement for the "California Express". Ted reaches them at the train, but can\'t get them out of the boxcar before it leaves the station. They are headed west and Ted gets nervous when the train doesn\'t even stop in St. Louis and his cell phone\'s battery has died. Meanwhile, a cryptic message from a monkey Danno thinks speaks Chinese leads him to believe that George and Ted have kidnapped the elephant. He begins attempting to find them. Back on the train, George opens the door of the boxcar but Ted falls out while trying to catch the wind-blown pages of his presentation. Ted makes his way to a small train station with a stationmaster  who offers to charge the cell phone . Ted uses what little change he has to call Piccadilly, but doesn\'t manage to complete the call which makes Danno even more certain that Ted and George have kidnapped Kayla. Ted uses the stationmaster\'s motorcycle to catch up with George and Kayla, and reboards the train. He leaves his cell phone in Humbleton with the stationmaster who tries to use the phone to tell Piccadilly that Kayla is okay but the phone breaks. Mrs. Fisher traced the call which allowed Danno to find his way the Humbleton station. Ted, George, and Kayla continue on the train for the next stop in Grand Junction with Danno on their heels. The movement of Kayla, however, causes the boxcar to separate from the rest of the train, and they head away from the rest of the train. It finally stops, and they get off in search of a road to find help. A man in a flatbed truck stops and picks them up. Ted thinks they are going east, but they continue to travel west once again. Meanwhile, Piccadilly is interviewed by Hark Hanson , and he reveals pictures of George and Ted as the kidnappers of Kayla. Ted wakes up after a night\'s sleep in the back of the truck and realizes they have been heading the wrong way. He gets them off the truck and attempts to head back east again. They come across a farmer named Dan and his child named Anna, with whom they spend the night. The next morning, Ted picks up the newspaper and finds out New York thinks they\'re kidnappers. He also reads about Kayla\'s family. Ted wants to return Kayla to Piccadilly, but George and Anna disagree. Ted changes his mind the next morning but before they leace for Kayla\'s home, Danno shows up in a helicopter. After the pig throws Danno into a rain barrel, Kayla scares the pilot into flying. While they are thus distracted, George and company escape using a hollowed out school bus and finally make their way to the park where Kayla\'s family are happy to see her. Danno shows up again and arrests George and Ted and captures Kayla. They fly back to the city, but after George gets the handcuff keys from Danno, they all escape by jumping out of the plane. They make it back to Piccadilly and everything is fine, except that Danno has followed them once again. Kayla subdues him and throws him onto the stage\'s trapdoor which Piccadilly opens, dropping Danno onto the mattress below. George and Maggie watch Ted give his report to the Board of Directors. He is initially flustered because the past week\'s adventures prevented him from preparing his presentation. Once George comes in the room, Ted improvises a speech saying that friends are more important than work and proposes several ideas for the museum based on that idea . The Board is impressed and approves his appointment.'] ['In a time overlapping the Jurassic Period and Cretaceous Period, a drought is occurring and several herds of dinosaurs seek an oasis known as the "Great Valley". Among these, a diminished "Longneck" herd gives birth to a single baby, named Littlefoot . Years later, Littlefoot plays with Cera , a "Three-horn", who was trying to smash a beetle until her father  intervenes; whereupon Littlefoot\'s mother  names the different kinds of dinosaurs: "Three-horns", "Spiketails", "Big Mouths", and "Flyers" and states that each has historically remained apart. That night, as Littlefoot follows a "Hopper", he encounters Cera again, and they play together briefly until a "Sharptooth" attacks. He almost has them, before Littlefoot\'s mother comes to their rescue. During their escape, she suffers severe back and neck injuries from the Sharptooth\'s teeth and claws. At that same time, an "earthshake" opens a deep ravine that swallows up the Sharptooth and divides Littlefoot and Cera from their herds. Littlefoot finds his dying mother, and receives her advice in favor of his intuition. Depressed and confused, Littlefoot meets an old Scolosaurus named Rooter , who consoles him upon learning of his mother\'s death. Littlefoot later hears his mother\'s voice guiding him to follow the "bright circle" past the "great rock that looks like a longneck" and then past the "mountains that burn" to the Great Valley. On his journey , Littlefoot meets Cera once again and tries to get her to join him, but she refuses. Later, Littlefoot is accompanied by a young "Bigmouth/Swimmer" named Ducky , whose company bears him out of his depression. Soon after, they meet an aerophobic "Flyer" named Petrie . Cera, who is attempting to find her own kind, finds the unconscious Sharptooth inside the ravine. Thinking he is dead, Cera harasses him, during which she mistakenly wakes him up, and flees. She later bumps into Littlefoot, Ducky, and Petrie, and tells them that the Sharptooth is alive; although Littlefoot does not believe her. She then describes her encounter , during which she accidentally flings Ducky into the air and discovers a hatchling "Spiketail", whom she names Spike and brings him into the group. Seeking the Great Valley, they discover a cluster of trees, which is abruptly depleted by a herd of Diplodocus. Searching for remaining growth, they discover one tree still with leaves, and obtain food by stacking up atop each other and pulling the leaves down. Cera remains aloof; but at nightfall, everyone including herself gravitates to Littlefoot\'s side for warmth and companionship. The next morning, they are attacked by Sharptooth, but escape through a cave-tunnel too small to admit him. Beyond this, they discover the Longneck-shaped monolith mentioned by Littlefoot\'s mother, and later a string of "mountains that burn". Cera grows impatient of the seemingly resultless trip and decides to go another way, but Littlefoot refuses, telling her the way she is going is wrong and when Cera refuses to retract an insult about Littlefoot\'s mother , a fight between the two ensues causing a schism in the travelling party whereby Littlefoot continues in the direction he was told, while the others follow Cera. When Ducky and Spike become endangered by lava and Petrie gets stuck in a tar pit, Littlefoot rescues them; later to find Cera harassed by a small territorial herd of "Boneheads", and, having been coated in tar, scare them away. Ashamed of her fear and reluctant to admit her mistake, Cera leaves them in tears. Later, while crossing a pond, Petrie discovers the Sharptooth nearby. Tired of the Sharptooth stalking them and determined to avenge his mother, Littlefoot plots to lure him into the water beneath a nearby boulder, intending to drown him. As Ducky  lures Sharptooth to the water, Littlefoot and Spike are having trouble moving the boulder. During the proceeding struggle, a draft from Sharptooth\'s nostrils enables Petrie to flight. Sharptooth leaps onto the boulder and the plan nearly fails until Cera reunites with the group, allowing Littlefoot and his friends to push both Sharptooth, Petrie and the boulder into the water below, momentarily taking Petrie down with him; but he later emerges unharmed. Littlefoot, alone, follows a cloud resembling his mother to the Great Valley, there to be joined by the others. Upon arrival, Petrie impresses his family with his newfound flight, while Ducky introduces Spike to her family, who adopt him. Cera reunites with her father and Littlefoot rejoins his grandparents. Cera then calls for Littlefoot to play. They join their friends at the top of a hill and embrace each other in a group hug.'] ['Dogs and cat are together again. Three dogs and one cat are now good friends and they continue their adventures while they are following their owner, a forest ranger . This time the cat becomes the leader of the four friends. Cat Svetofor together with three dogs: Bubrik, Fram, and Toshka are going on a winter journey, they follow their owner on an airplane flying North. The four animals travel to a nursery where Christmas trees are grown. There four animals help people to stop the fire and save Christmas trees. Then, together with their owner, the four friends join children for celebration of the New Year.'] ['A man who claims to be Santa Claus  arrives at the Orlando International Airport in Florida. Ernest P. Worrell  is working as a taxi driver. He takes a passenger to the airport, but speeds and the passenger falls out of the taxi. Ernest later picks up Santa Claus, who tells Ernest that he is on his way to inform a local celebrity named Joe Carruthers  that he has been chosen to be the new Santa Claus. Carruthers hosts a children\'s program named Uncle Joey\'s Treehouse in the Orlando area similar to Mister Rogers\' Neighborhood with emphasis on manners and integrity with the catchphrase "They never get old. They always stay new. Those three little words, Please and Thank You.". While they are driving, a runaway teenage girl  who says she is named Harmony Starr joins Ernest and Santa in the cab. When they get to their destination, Santa possesses no legal currency , so in his giving Christmas spirit, Ernest lets him ride for free. The decision gets Ernest fired from his job. Back at the taxi garage, Ernest discovers that Santa left his magic sack behind in the cab, and Ernest begins a quest to find the old man and return it to him. Santa arrives at the Orlando Children\'s Museum to talk to Joe, but is interrupted and rebuffed by Joe\'s agent Marty Brock. Marty misunderstands Santa\'s name, thinking he said "Mr. Santos," and continues to call him by that name, even when Santa tells him his real name. Santa begins to worry as he then discovers he lost his sack, and becomes more discouraged as he realizes he is becoming forgetful in his old age . Joe does not believe Santa\'s story and Marty has Santa arrested. Meanwhile, Ernest goes over to his friend Vern\'s house to put up a Christmas tree, much to Vern\'s distress . Ernest poses as Astor Clement, an employee of the governor and Harmony as the governor\'s niece Mindy, and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa believing that he is Santa Claus is "infectious insanity" and he must be taken to solitary confinement. Ernest disguises himself as an Apopka snake rancher  who sneaks Santa into a movie studio and speaks to a security guard about delivering the snakes to people who direct horror films. Meanwhile, Marty presses Joe to quit his children\'s job, shave his beard, and instead land a part in a horror film titled Christmas Slay a movie about an alien which terrorizes a bunch of children on Christmas Eve which offends Santa so deeply he punches the director in the eye. Santa tracks down Joe at his home, but Joe finally tells Santa, "Thanks...no thanks." Later on, however, Joe is overcome by conscience when the director of the movie wants him to use foul language, which he refuses to say in front of the kids on the set. Ernest and Harmony  discover the magic power of Santa\'s sack, and immediately Pamela starts to abuse it. She steals the sack, and attempts to run away yet again. On Christmas Eve, however, her conscience prevails, and she rushes back to find Ernest and Santa and return the sack. Eventually, Joe finds Santa on Christmas Eve at the Children\'s Museum and accepts the job. For the first year, however, Ernest gets to drive the sleigh. The film ends with, "Merry Christmas To All And To All A Good Night," followed by a sleigh dash that spells, KnowWhatIMean?, one of Ernest\'s catchphrases.'] ['On Earth, Stitch is still not fitting in. Lilo tries to encourage him by saying he is one-of-a-kind. Naturally, that just makes him feel worse. One night, a crash is heard from below. Running downstairs, the pair encounters Gantu, breaking into their home. In the ensuing chaos, Gantu finds and takes a blue ball with the number "625" on it before abducting Jumba for interrogation. Lilo and Stitch manage to take Jumba\'s ship to chase Gantu into space and engage him in battle, before being defeated and falling back towards Earth. Back at the house, Lilo, Stitch and Pleakley find the container Jumba was hiding. Pleakley thinks that these are the other experiments, in dehydrated form. He warns them not to tell anyone or put the experiments in water. Deliberately disobeying Pleakley, Stitch and Lilo retrieve the container and hydrate Experiment 221, who promptly escapes. Meanwhile, Jumba is being held captive on the ship of Dr. Hämsterviel, who is surprisingly a small gerbil/poodle/rabbit-like alien. Unable to intimidate Jumba, Hämsterviel activates Experiment 625 to attack him. Fortunately for Jumba, while 625 has all of Stitch\'s powers, he is incredibly lazy, a terrible coward, and prioritizes sandwiches above all else. Meanwhile, Pleakley is able to come into contact with Hämsterviel\'s ship via telephone. Hämsterviel tells Pleakley that he wants a ransom of the 624 experiments in return for Jumba. When Pleakley informs the other family members what the ransom is, Nani proceeds to call Cobra Bubbles while Lilo and Stitch go out to find 221. When Cobra arrives the next morning, he seems to already know about what happened. Meanwhile, Lilo and Stitch finally catch a troublesome Experiment 221 at a hotel. The rendezvous time arrives and Pleakley and Cobra show up with the container, not knowing that it contains only 623 experiments. Pleakley hands the container over to Hämsterviel, who is shocked to find that one is missing. Lilo then shows up with Experiment 221 trapped in a glass vase. Announcing that she has named it "Sparky", she says that Sparky is part of Stitch\'s, and thus her, ohana. Hämsterviel tells her to give him Sparky or Jumba will be shot dead. After several moments of thinking and hearing Cobra, Pleakley, Jumba and Hämsterviel persuading them, Lilo and Stitch set Sparky free and break Jumba from his bonds. On Cobra\'s signal, the Grand Councilwoman\'s ship rises out of the nearby ocean and aims several guns at Hämsterviel. Lilo protests, saying that Hämsterviel has the other experiments and Sparky overhears. Sparky proceeds to use his electrical abilities to blow the power on the Councilwoman\'s ship, while Hämsterviel and Gantu climb back aboard their own ship with the experiments. In a last attempt to stop Hämsterviel, Lilo and Stitch stow away on it as it leaves, with Sparky following. Lilo and Stitch manage to swipe the container with the other experiments in it. The struggle for the container between Lilo, Stitch and Gantu results in releasing the dehydrated pods to rain down and scatter throughout Hawaii. Having captured the heroes, Hämsterviel tells his plans to clone Stitch a thousand times over and orders Gantu to do what he wants with Lilo. While Gantu puts Lilo in a teleportation pod to send to an intergalactic zoo, Stitch is strapped to a weight just heavier than he can lift. Watching as Stitch tries to avoid being vivisected by a laser for the cloning process, Sparky shows that he has reformed by causing the cloning machine to short-circuit. He then breaks Stitch free and the two strap Hämsterviel to the device before rescuing Lilo. Having locked Hämsterviel in handcuffs, Lilo, Stitch, and Sparky short-circuit Gantu\'s ship causing it to crash near a waterfall on Kauai. Landing Hämsterviel\'s ship back at the rendezvous point, they give Sparky a new home powering the Kīlauea Lighthouse, which has not been running in years because powering it was very expensive. They then persuade the Grand Councilwoman to let them rehabilitate the other 623. The Councilwoman places Hämsterviel under arrest.'] ['Holly Hobby helps lady Kelly Deegan go through after her husband died by giving up her Midnight Solo which is the very last song of the Christmas pageant.'] ['{{Plot}} Franklin  is at first excited when he learns that his parents are going to have a baby. As the winter months drag on, he grows antsy as he knows that the baby is coming in spring, but it seems like the winter is lasting especially long. Worse, he\'s now becoming confused as some of his friends\' comments have led him to wonder if once the baby comes, his parents won\'t have any time for him. While Franklin is dealing with this, his friend Snail  has a different problem. Franklin is a great friend, who has always had time for him and been nice to him, even when his other friends sometimes leave him behind. Now, though, with Franklin about to become a big brother, he\'s worried that Franklin won\'t have any time for him. When Franklin hears again a story he loved as a kid of knight who brought spring to his town, he first suggests it is a class play and then begins thinking that he himself could be the story\'s hero, the Green Knight and bring spring to Woodland. He enlists Snail as his squire and together they go on a journey which brings them head-to-head with all the issues they\'ve been struggling with. Full Recap Franklin and his friends are out playing in the snow. Bear, Goose, Snail and Beaver are having fun sledding and skating, but Franklin\'s up to something else. He\'s down at the bottom of the hill, making turtles from the snow. Back up at the top, his friends don\'t seem to have any idea where he is. But they hope they\'ll "run into him." And they do indeed, as they slide down the hill. They lose control and narrowly avoid slamming into Franklin and his snowturtles. Back on solid footing, they consider Franklin\'s snowturtles. He says they\'re of his family, but there\'s four of them. Snail thinks that the fourth one must be him. It isn\'t, though, as Franklin explains that there are going to be four turtles in his family. His Mom\'s having a baby! It\'s coming in the Spring. He doesn\'t know if it\'s a boy or a girl, but he does know one thing: he\'s always wanted to be a big brother. Snail seems less excited than everyone else. He wonders if Franklin isn\'t happy with his friends. Beaver\'s also a pessimist. She wants to make sure that Franklin knows that "babies aren\'t fun all the time. This leads into the story\'s first musical number: Brothers and Sisters A bright, upbeat piece in which Bear talks sings about his baby sister, Goose sings about her baby brother and Beaver serves as the naysayer, talking about all the gross things babies do. Franklin concludes that even if babies do gross things, he\'s still going to love his baby brother or sister, as they\'ll still be family. "The wonderful thing about brothers and sisters / Sisters and brothers are wonderful thing / The thing we like about brothers and sisters... / Is just about everything." Franklin\'s friends all gather around him and chant "Big Brother Franklin." The narrator speaks again, saying that Franklin couldn\'t wait for Spring to come, but Spring was in no hurry. The time frame advances from January to March. Franklin, in his house, talks with his parents. Mr. Turtle reminds him that the baby is due next month, regardless of whether Spring comes or not. Mrs. Turtle suggests that maybe they need the "Green Knight" to bring Spring to Woodland. Franklin remembers the story of the Green Knight. Mrs. Turtle used to read it to him all the time when he was younger. He\'d like to read it again. So Mrs. Turtle pulls out the storybook, which was given to her by Great Aunt Harriet and begins the tale. The tale tells of a village that was covered in snow. The people were worried that if winter continued much longer, they wouldn\'t be able to plant their crops and they would starve. So brave knights came from all around, but none could solve the problem. Then, the Green Knight, who lived in a castle overlooking the town, decided to take to the task. With the help of his Squire, he set out for a way to bring Spring to the village. They first came across a Goblin in need of help. They helped him and in return, he told them how they could bring Spring to the village. Deep in the forest, at the end of a rainbow, was a tree that always had cherry blossoms, as old as time itself. If they took the branches and scattered them across the land, Spring would come. So they headed for the cherry tree and tried to take the blossoms. But a Guardian appeared and told the Green Knight that the blossoms were not his to take. He first had to prove himself worthy. Then, he and his Squire were faced with a dragon. The dragon\'s hide was practically impenetrable, but the Green Knight recognized the dragon\'s weakness: its tail. Since the Green Knight was a frog, he didn\'t have any teeth. So he had his Squire bite into the dragon\'s tail and the dragon ran away. The Green Knight talked about how wonderful it was and how great the villagers would think that he was. Then, the Guardian of the Tree appeared and told him he couldn\'t take the cherry blossoms. The dragon may have been slain, but his motives were not worthy. The Green Knight admits that he was wrong and lays down his sword, saying that a true knight acts with a true heart. The Guardian tells him that with those words, he has proved himself worthy and may take the blossoms. The Green Knight and his Squire thank the Guardian. They return to the village, where the Green Knight spreads the blossoms. They melt all the snow, sending Spring sweeping across the entire village. Franklin says that the thought it was a great story and asks Mrs. Turtle read it again. Mrs. Turtle, though, is tired, so she says that maybe she\'ll read it tomorrow. On the bus the next day, Beaver comments that Spring better come soon, as the winter is becoming "very boring." Snail, however, wishes that Spring would never come. He\'s worried about what will happen when Franklin gets his baby brother or sister. At school, Mr. Owl asks for suggestions for activities. Beaver suggests a bake sale and her idea is approved. Franklin says that they should put on a play. He talks about the "Green Knight" story and everyone in the class seems to know it. So Mr. Owl says that they\'ll put on a play: "The Quest of the Green Knight." Franklin is cast for the role of the Green Knight because, well, he is green and the play was his idea. That afternoon, Franklin, Rabbit, Beaver, Bear and Goose are all outside playing. They complain about all of the snow. Beaver thinks that it must be the snow hiding Spring, making a segue for the second musical number: Spring, Where Are You? Part 1 Another mostly upbeat number with lead vocals by a female singer. The gang searches around Woodland, hoping to find signs that Spring might be coming. Goose takes to the skies. Rabbit sets up a picnic, but Bear shakes snow off a tree, burying him. The entire gang piles on top each other, hoping if they look high enough, they\'ll find Spring. But they just end up toppling over. Bear and Beaver lie in lawn chairs, wearing sunglasses and drinking juice. But the juice freezes up. Lyrics include such lines as "All of us search, for one special thing / \'Cause we hope to find the first sign of spring" and "Spring time, please come out, now don\'t you shy / No, Spring time, can\'t you even try?" After the musical number, Beaver suggests that maybe Spring is just asleep. Franklin agrees that must be the problem and suggests that they should try to wake it up. This leads to musical number three: Spring, Where Are You? Part 2 A more upbeat version of the previous song, sung by the characters. They make their own music, doing such things as using Franklin\'s shell as if it were a drum. The objective is to make as much noise as possible, hoping to wake Spring up. However, seeing all of the snow still around, they realize it isn\'t working and the song ends on a downbeat note. Franklin returns to his house and finds that his Granny is there. She\'s come to help out around the house. She tells Franklin that one of the things she has to help with is the baby shower. Franklin wonders how they can wash the baby if it isn\'t even born yet. Granny explains that the baby shower is sort of like a party for the baby. The scene changes and Franklin is with Rabbit and Beaver. They\'re by Franklin\'s snowturtles, which have lasted since January, due to the extended freezing conditions. Rabbit comments that maybe that\'s something good about winter, that Franklin\'s snowturtles are still around. But Beaver says that there is nothing good about winter. Franklin tells them his family is having a party. They want to know if they can come, but Franklin explains that he thinks it\'s just for adults. Rabbit and Beaver quickly figure out that Franklin\'s family is throwing a baby shower. They tell him that\'s not a good thing: if his family is already throwing parties for the baby now, think about what will happen when the baby is born. Franklin can basically forget about his parents, as they\'ll be too busy taking care of the baby to pay any attention to him. Then, they laugh and make "goo-goo gah-gah" jokes, but Franklin seems to be taking them pretty seriously. We see the Turtle family baby shower. It\'s a big affair and lots of people from Woodland are there. There\'s Mr. and Mrs. Beaver, Mr. and Mrs. Bear, Mr. and Mrs. Fox, Mrs. Goose, Mr. Owl, Mr. Mole and more. Franklin, meanwhile, is hoping that maybe there\'s a present for him. But all of the labels say that they\'re for "Baby Turtle." He hides under a table and cries, saying that his friends were right. Then, he hears the grown-ups talking about how long the winter seems to be lasting. Granny says that it has been a long one and suggests that maybe they need the Green Knight to save them. Franklin, listening from under the table, decides that he\'ll be the Green Knight. He\'ll bring Spring to Woodland and everyone will be so proud of him. Before setting out, Franklin does some homework. He asks his Dad where he might find a cherry orchard. He asks Granny how one would go about finding a Squire and he asks his Mom about food and ends up taking a plate of cookies for his journey, sight unseen. He dresses up as the Green Knight and leaves the next morning. In the meantime, all of his friends are headed to Beaver\'s house, where they\'re going to be working on the play. Snail is headed to Franklin\'s to return a glove that Franklin let him borrow to keep him warm. Bear runs by him, then stops when Snail yells for him. He explains that he\'s returning the glove to Franklin. Bear tells him to hurry, or else he\'ll be late getting to Beaver\'s and dashes off. Snail sighs. He cries when he sees Franklin\'s snowturtle, saying that Franklin\'s baby sibling will be lucky, as they\'ll have someone to help them with their homework and make sure they\'re never late. Then, Franklin comes. Snail notices his costume and says that he\'s dressed for the play. Franklin tells him that it isn\'t for the play, he really is the Green Knight. Snail returns the glove and tells Franklin that he has to get going, or he\'ll be late getting to Beaver\'s. But Franklin has a different idea. He asks Snail if he\'d like to be his Squire. Snail accepts. Franklin dubs him Squire Snail using his paper-construct sword and they set off on their journey. The scene changes to the Beaver residence. Bear is enjoying some muffins baked by Mrs. Beaver. He\'s eaten a whole bunch and comments that Franklin better get there soon, or else that won\'t be any muffins\' left. At the Turtle household, Mrs. Turtle is preparing breakfast. Granny and Mr. Turtle arrive and they all wonder where Franklin is. Then, Granny remembers that Mr. Owl said during the baby shower that the class was having a meeting in the morning to prepare for the play, so that\'s probably where he is. Mrs. Turtle thinks that it\'s unlike Franklin to leave without saying anything, but they decide that Franklin probably just wanted to get a head start and didn\'t want to wake them up. Back in the woods, Franklin and Snail get lost. Franklin\'s not really sure of the path to the cherry orchard. Snail remembers how in the "Green Knight" story, a Goblin told the hero which way to go. Franklin\'s not sure how this will help. The scene-changes to a guy who\'s just getting up. He goes and looks out his window. However, when he tries to remove his head, he finds that he\'s gotten stuck. Embarrassed at first, he\'s silent. But then, realizing that he needs to get loose, he calls for help. Franklin and Snail hear his cries. They come to him and ask if he needs help. The man at first denies needing any help, as he\'s still embarrassed, but then admits that, well, maybe he is stuck. They prepare to get him unstuck, but then he yells out, saying that maybe it would be better if they pulled from the, well, "wider" end. The door in the back is unlocked. So they go in and free the man, Mr. Gopher. He thanks them and asks if there\'s anything he can do to help them. Franklin explains that they\'re on a quest to bring Spring to Woodland and that they need to know where to find the cherry orchard. Mr. Gopher knows where it is and directs them to the right path. They thank him and leave. Mr. Gopher heads to his window to say goodbye to them. He gets stuck again and this time, they\'re too far away to help him. He\'s also very embarrassed this time and afraid to say anything. So Franklin and Snail continue on their quest. They come to a spooky section of the woods and Snail starts to get scared. There was a dragon in the story and he\'s worried that they\'re going to encounter something similar. He tells Franklin that he\'s scared, but Franklin says that he\'s the Green Knight and nothing scares him. But then they hear the screech of an eagle  and try to run. They think they\'ve escaped it, but then it comes in for a landing. Franklin draws his paper-construct sword, as if he\'s going to fight it. But the eagle speaks, saying that she\'s Eagle and she has no wish to fight Franklin. She does think it\'s very odd, though, to see a turtle with a snail on his back. They tell her that they\'re headed for the cherry orchard. She says that it\'s across the mountain and offers them a ride. The scene changes to the Beavers\', where Fox is showing off his dragon costume. Bear likes it. Badger is working on paper-construct flowers. Bear pretends to fly using wings he\'s constructed to himself. He yells "I\'m flying" and the scene changes to Franklin yelling "I\'m flying! I\'m flying!" as he and Snail fly through the sky, being carried by Eagle\'s claws. Snail reminds him that they\'re flying, not just him. They soar across the cliff between the mountains as majestic music plays in the background. They reach the mountain. Eagle drops them off, saying that she has eaglets to tend to. But if they need her help, they should just raise their voices to the wind and she\'ll come. Franklin wants to keep going. Snail, however, emphasizes that that they\'re on the quest, not just Franklin. He says that he wants to rest. He tells Franklin that if he\'s in such a hurry and won\'t let him rest, then he can find Spring himself. Franklin says that\'s fine, he will! Snail says to himself that it\'s just as he thought. Now that Franklin\'s going to be a big brother, he doesn\'t need him anymore. This leads into the final musical number of the movie: I Wonder A sad, melancholy, but beautifully sung number in which Franklin and Snail deal with their feelings about being alone. Snail sings about how Franklin must not need him any more, now that he\'s going to be a big brother. Franklin sings that he\'s just going to have to do things on his own and admits to himself that he\'s really just afraid of being alone. He decides to go find Snail, as they can be alone together. Lyrics include lines such as "I guess when Mom and Dad have their baby / I really wouldn\'t matter anyway" and "I think I\'ll go and find my best friend, Snail / I guess we\'ll be alone, just him and me." As the number ends, Snail is riding on a log in a stream. The log heads towards a waterfall, putting Snail in imminent danger. a.k.a. distress signal just like Larry-Boy! And the Fib from Outer Space! Snail yells for Franklin for help. He was about to fall down the fall until Franklin scoops him up just before he falls. Snail wonders how Franklin rescued him so quickly and Franklin explains that he was on his way back. He wants to apologize to Snail for leaving him behind. They continue on their quest and reach the cherry tree. However when they try to approach it to get the blossoms, a small, yellow bird begins pecking at them. They think she must be the Guardian of the Tree. She yells for them to go away and not steal her eggs and continues pecking at them. Finally, Franklin traps her in his cape. She pecks her beak through the cape and demands that Franklin let her go. They explain that they\'re not there to steal her eggs. They just want to get blossoms from the tree to bring Spring to Woodland. Franklin says that with the blossoms, he\'ll bring Spring to Woodland and everyone will pay attention to him. Snail tells him that\'s a selfish reason to want the blossoms and he\'s acting just the Green Knight. Mrs. Warbler tells them to hold the thought, as she needs to get food. She asks Franklin to take care of her eggs. Franklin climbs the tree and covers the eggs with his cape. As he\'s in the tree, somebody rolls towards Snail in a ball, spooking him. He yells for Franklin\'s help and Franklin comes down and draws his paper-construct sword, telling the stranger to leave Snail along. Then, somebody else comes, telling Franklin to leave his baby brother alone. He and Franklin fight, tearing the paper-construct sword. We see that the stranger, Young Armadillo is actually very scared. He\'s just a little kid. Franklin says that it was Young Armadillo that scared them. He drew his sword because he was the "Green Knight" and he thought Young Armadillo was the dragon. Armadillo introduces his younger brother. Franklin shares his cookies with the Armadillos. They have flies in them. Not scared any more, Young Armadillo runs around happily with Snail on his back. As he runs around, Franklin and Armadillo talk. Franklin says that Armadillo must like taking care of his baby brother and that he\'s going to be a big brother. Armadillo senses that Franklin is worried that his parents won\'t have time for him once the baby is born. He asks Franklin who he loves more: his Mom, or his Dad. Franklin complains that it\'s a silly question and says that he loves them both. Armadillo says that\'s his point, he has enough love for both his parents and his parents will have enough love for both him and his sibling. It\'s nothing to worry about. Armadillo and Young Armadillo have to leave. Snail says to Franklin that he didn\'t know Franklin was worried. He says that he\'s worried too: that Franklin won\'t have time to spend with him once the baby is born. Franklin tells him that he\'ll be busy with the baby, but he\'ll still have time for his friends. Mrs. Warbler returns and thanks Franklin for taking care of her eggs. Franklin begins to leave, saying that he\'s not worthy of the cherry blossoms. He admits that he was being selfish. He says that what he really wants is for everyone in Woodland to not have to worry any more. Mrs. Warbler tells him that\'s a very unselfish reason for wanting the blossoms and as Guardian of the Tree, she\'ll let him take as many as he needs. So Franklin and Snail gather the blossoms. The scene changes to Beaver\'s place, where Bear is drumming, causing Beaver to mess up a painting. The Turtles arrive with food. Mr. Turtle asks where Franklin is . Bear says that he thought Franklin was with them. They put two and two together, that, based on Franklin\'s questions the night before, he must have decided to try to set out on his own, as the Green Knight. Back at the mountain, Franklin and Snail reach the end of the first mountain. From up there, they can see all of Woodland. Then, they take a tumble. Franklin asks if Snail is okay and Snail says that it\'s fun. They continue, until they reach another cliff. But then, Franklin slips and drops the cherry blossoms, which fall and get stuck on a tree branch. Franklin and Snail call for Eagle\'s help. The scene changes again to the Beavers\'. A search is being organized to find Franklin and Snail. But before it can get started, Franklin and Snail come in for a landing on Eagle\'s back. At first, Beaver is scared of Eagle, but then Eagle tickles her. Mrs. Turtle asks if Franklin is hurt, but he says he\'s all right. Franklin and Snail introduce Eagle. Eagle says that she was pleased to help Franklin and Snail, but now she has to attend to her eaglets. She flies away and Beaver yells for her to not be a stranger. Beaver wonders why Franklin is dressed as the Green Knight and Snail tells her that Franklin is the Green Knight. Franklin sets the cherry blossoms sailing in the wind. They land, but nothing seems to happen. Bear tells Franklin it was a good try and Franklin says he thought Spring would just appear. Then, Snail finds a crocus growing from the ground. He also sees a bird chirping in a tree and everyone realizes that Spring is coming after all. It\'s time for a montage of scenes. It\'s raining and Franklin and Bear hop in a puddle. Elsewhere, Fox flies a kite on a beautiful, sunny day. Beaver and Rabbit ride by on their bikes. Franklin, Mr. Turtle and Mrs. Turtle set up the baby\'s crib. Franklin puts a mobile on it. A mother bird feeds her young. Franklin stares contentedly at one of his cherry blossoms in a vase. The "Green Knight" play goes off without a hitch. The cast, from left to right as they take their bows, is Badger, Bear, Goose, Rabbit, Fox, Beaver and Franklin. The scene changes to the after-play party. Snail has his head buried in a piece of cake. Mrs. Turtle says that it\'s "time." She\'s going into labor! Dr. Bear is there and Mrs. Turtle and Mr. Turtle are escorted out to go to the hospital. Granny reassures Franklin that everything will be okay. That night, Franklin is by himself, staring at the crib, with the mobile spinning around. He tells his stuffed dog, Sam, that Great Aunt Harriet sent the mobile. Granny comes in, saying that Franklin has been very quiet. She takes Franklin outside, down to a nearby pond, where she tells Franklin that she\'ll catch a star for him. She has him cover his eyes and when he opens them, she presents him with a lit candle. She explains that when she was kid, it was a tradition every Spring to make a wish, then light a candle and place it on the water to float away. Franklin sets the candle on the water and says that he wishes that he\'ll see his parents home tonight. Franklin and Granny head for home and there\'s a light on. Franklin starts to run, then he remembers Granny and comes back for her. At home, we see the baby. It\'s a girl! She\'s wearing a purple hair ribbon. The baby laughs at the mobile. She seems to like it. Granny asks Mr. Turtle and Mrs. Turtle if they have a name for her. Mr. Turtle starts that they have some ideas, but Franklin interrupts, saying that they should name her "Harriet." He says that Great Aunt Harriets always gives the best gifts and the baby is like a perfect present. Mrs. Turtle thinks that it\'s a wonderful name, so Harriet it is. Franklin asks if she remembers when she brought him home from the hospital. Mrs. Turtle says that she\'ll never forget it. Then, Franklin remembers something. He takes his cherry blossom and places it in Harriet\'s crib. He says that it\'s for her. By the way, he\'s Franklin. He\'s her big brother. The scene changes to the outside of the Turtle family house. It pans to the starry night sky. A couple of stars twinkle and the movie ends.'] ['The film is about Melanie Porter , a 17-year-old college-bound girl who is getting ready to graduate from high school and really wants to go to Georgetown University. However, her father James Porter , the chief of police in the quiet Chicago suburb where they live, is overprotective of Melanie, and isn\'t ready for her to leave and study so far away from home. Chief Porter has other plans for Melanie; he wants her to go to Northwestern University which is only 28 minutes away from home. Porter also receives problems from disagreements with his real estate agent wife, Michelle , the family pig Albert, who continuously annoys him, and his youngest son Trey, who spends much time with the pig. Melanie gets invited to an interview at Georgetown after a college recruiter saw her performance at a mock trial. Her two best friends, Nancy  and Katie , offer to take her on their college road trip to Pittsburgh. Melanie is all set to go with her friends until her father surprises her with his own college road trip to Washington, D.C.. On their way, Melanie reluctantly visits Northwestern to take a tour. They meet an almost-too-happy father and daughter duo, Doug  and Wendy , who are on their own college road trip. Porter has planted actors at Northwestern, one screaming at Melanie they lost an eye at Georgetown. Melanie almost falls for it until one of the actors says to her "Yeah, the chief\'s a pretty smart guy", since he never met Porter. Their car soon breaks down and they find Trey in the trunk with Albert and a supply of oxygen. They stop at a hotel  but end up causing trouble when Albert eats coffee beans and becomes hyperactive. They run into Doug and Wendy again, who offer Melanie and Porter a ride since Porter\'s car broke down. Later, Melanie and her father ride on a tour bus where they try to work out their differences. At one destination, Nancy and Katie show up and take Melanie to a sorority house. Porter, due to a misunderstanding, and the owner not letting him in to check on her, sneaks into the house. After hearing that his daughter has faith in him, he decides to leave the next morning. Unfortunately, after Melanie leaves, he gets caught by the owner and brutally tased. Porter\'s mother comes to bail him out, and opens up about her own past fears when her son went to the Army, but still believed in her son to go his own path. Porter and Melanie end up forgiving each other at the airport. After dropping off Trey, they skydive to make the interview at Georgetown. Melanie is nervous, but Porter tells her she can do it and that they didn\'t come all this way for nothing. She then is accepted into Georgetown, which Wendy is accepted into too. In the end, James copes with letting go and the final scene shows the family at Thanksgiving dinner. Melanie introduces her friend Tracy . James learns to cope with this, and Doug\'s daughter announces her engagement to Scooter  which causes an enraged Doug to finally freak out and attack him. Deleted scenes include an alternate opening where James foils a bank robbery and a phone conversation where Michelle Porter, a real estate agent, is listening to Melanie\'s and James\'s complaints while Michelle is in the middle of showing a house to a couple. The couple think Michelle is talking to another buyer and decide to buy the house themselves.'] ["This story is set at a castle during the Middle Ages. One day a merchant brings musical instruments to sell to Peewit, the court jester, but because Peewit is such a terrible musician the King throws the merchant out before Peewit arrives. However he has left behind a flute that only has six holes. The King throws it into the fireplace in his room, which starts to emit green smoke. When the fire is put out, Peewit retrieves the flute from the ashes unharmed. He cleans it and starts playing it for the whole castle realizing that it causes everyone to dance when it is played. That night a man named Matthew McCreep learns from the merchant that the same flute he had been looking for is at the castle. He heads over to the castle and steals the flute from Peewit. The king sends Peewit and the young knight Johan out to catch McCreep who uses the flute to rob people of their money. However McCreep uses the flute to stop them. Johan and Peewit then go to the house of Homnibus the wizard. Using a spell called Hypnokenesis, the wizard sends Johan and Peewit to Smurfland where the magic flute was built. Upon arriving they meet a smurf who leads them to the village. Papa Smurf greets the two of them and tells them that they'll make a new flute in order to counter McCreep's flute. The smurfs head into the forest and chop down a huge tree to get wood from the tree trunk's very centre as only this kind of wood can be useful in crafting a magical flute. Afterwards they celebrate with a party. However, just as Papa Smurf is about to give the flute to Johan and Peewit, the two are warped back to the wizard's house. Homnibus tries the spell again but passes out from a headache. Meanwhile, McCreep who has now stolen over 7,000 gold pieces arrives at the castle of his partner, Earl Flatbroke. McCreep tells Flatbroke of his plan to go to an island to hire people for an army to raise war on the King's castle; fortunately, two Smurfs had been listening to this. Back at the wizard's house, the Smurfs regroup with Johan and Peewit and give them the magic flute. Then they head to the port of Terminac where McCreep sets sail for the island. However they are too late. Papa Smurf tells Johan and Peewit about Flatbroke's castle and Johan comes up with a plan. Flatbroke receives a letter from McCreep  to come to the island. He heads over to Terminac to board a ship where Johan and Peewit are also on board in disguise as well as Papa Smurf and 3 others. They head to the island where Johan and Peewit tail Flatbroke. Suddenly Peewit comes face to face with McCreep and they both start playing their flutes to each other. They both become exhausted soon after, but Peewit knocks out McCreep with a final note. With McCreep and Flatbroke being brought back to the castle and all the stolen money recovered, Peewit now has two magic flutes. Johan tells him that the flutes are dangerous and must be brought back to the Smurfs, but Peewit begins to carve a phony flute to give to them instead. At the castle, Johan and Peewit give the flutes back to the smurfs, and after they leave, Peewit starts playing the flute, only to realize  that it has no effect on the townsfolk; it is the fake flute he had made!"] ['The film opens by a lake on Saint Patrick\'s Day as the story\'s young hero, an Irish boy named Matthew O\'Brien , is playing hooky from school and fishing with his best friend, Timothy Ryan . As the time approaches to return home, the two boys go their separate ways and Matt soon finds a magic frog which he places in his pocket. Deciding to take a short-cut home through the woods, Matt quickly finds himself lost and soon encounters a leprechaun  whose beard is caught in a log. Matt, remembering the old Irish legends he\'s heard from his grandfather, agrees to help the little man on the condition that the he give Matt his bag of gold, to which, according to legend, Matt knows the leprechaun cannot refuse. After freeing the little man, Matt soon learns that the seven gold coins in the bag are not ordinary coins, but magic "wishing coins", which only have power when used to do good for others. After warning Matt of the magic of the coins, the leprechaun promptly scampers off and vanishes into the woods, leaving the boy to find his own way out of the forest. As Matt becomes desperate to find his way home, he unintentionally spends his first coin wishing for some guidance, which, to his surprise, brings a long suffering wooden sign post to life. Now able to talk, the sign post advises Matt to seek the help of a Wizard and points Matt in the direction of the Wizard\'s cave. As he approaches his destination, Matt finds himself in the Wizard\'s enchanted forest, where the trees come alive and inform him that the frog in his pocket is really a knight who was put under a spell by the Wicked Wizard. Matt decides to spend his second coin to help the frog, which instantly transforms it into a medieval knight named Sir Humphrey . Grateful to Matt for freeing him, Sir Humphrey warns the boy to avoid the Wicked Wizard who had placed him under a spell while he was attempting to rescue a princess named Cecilia. Sir Humphrey decides to accompany the boy as he searches for a way out of the enchanted forest, but their plans are interrupted when the Wicked Wizard  suddenly appears in a cloud of smoke and banishes them to a baron desert. In the desert, Matt and Sir Humphrey encounter the Genie of Aladdin\'s Lamp ([[Richard Reeves  and learn that he has been stripped of his magical powers and has been banished to the desert by the ruler of all Genies. Feeling compassion for the lonely Genie, Matt spends his third coin to restore the Genie\'s powers, which prompts the Genie to respond in kind, using his regained powers to transport Matt and Sir Humphrey back to the enchanted forest. Once back in the forest, Matt and Sir Humphrey encounter a Gypsy girl named Esmerelda  who attempts to help Matt find a way home by inviting him to look into her crystal ball, however, the crystal only shows Matt a vision of his worried mother before fading to darkness. Matt and Sir Humphrey continue on their journey and encounter a lonely old puppeteer named Professor Antonio . Learning the Professor has been abandoned in the woods by a traveling carnival after growing too old to operate his puppets properly, Matt spends his fourth coin to bring the puppets to life so that they can perform on their own. As Matt and Sir Humphrey continue their search, they once again encounter the Wicked Wizard who uses his evil powers to turn Sir Humphrey back into a frog. At the same moment, Matt spends his fifth coin to wish for the Wicked Wizard to lose his magic powers and to become harmless, which instantly transforms the Wizard into a gentle and confused old man. Suddenly realizing the Wizard\'s final spell has turned Sir Humphrey back into a frog, Matt immediately spends his sixth coin to restore Sir Humphrey to his human form. Now harmless, the Wizard wanders off and Matt and Sir Humphrey once again encounter Esmerelda, who invites the two to once again gaze into her crystal ball which reveals that Esmerelda is in fact the Princess Cecilia who was also under the spell of the Wicked Wizard. Matt uses his last coin to wish for the girl to be freed from the Wizards spell and she is instantly transformed back into the Princess . Having used all seven of his magic coins unselfishly, a beautiful rainbow appears, which guides Matthew to find his way him home.'] ["In company with her younger brother Robert , and her elderly yet young-at-heart friend Professor Jacques Paganel , teenage Mary Grant  journeys to Glasgow to persuade the comically brave Lord Glenarvan  to rescue her shipwrecked father, Captain John Grant . The expedition sets sail and ventures halfway around the world, to both South America and New Zealand, respectively. The party suffers many assorted perils including an earthquake, a flood, a fire, an attack by a giant condor and an erupting volcano before finding and rescuing Captain Grant. A subplot involves a gunrunner named Thomas Ayerton , who is a treacherous former crew-member of Captain Grant's ship, and responsible for his disappearance. Another subplot involves a budding romance between young Mary Grant and Lord Glenarvan's handsome and loyal son John ."] ['{{Plot}} At the counter top, hosted by Bob and Larry who receive a message from a child from Minot, North Dakota asking how to get friends. But Larry just tells mean jokes about South Dakota losing to North Dakota. When Larry thinks that he\'s "On a Roll" on his jokes, Bob angrily starts the stories. An adaption of Spanish novel Don Quixote, "Asparagus of La Mancha" starts with Knight Don Quixote facing three Peas in a surrealist world made of cooking utensils and foods. Then he wakes up. It was a dream. He and his best friend Poncho work in a Spanish restaurant of Cafe LaMancha. However, Jean Claude comes in to inform the duo of a new restaurant opening across the street called \'The Food Factory\', the most successful, and biggest, restaurant in the world. With their customers abandoning them, Don is sure they will go out of businesses. After losing another game of Spanish checkers to Poncho, Don goes back to sleep. He assumes his latest dream has informed him to try different themes to win back their customers. This fails, and shortly after, the Food Factory manager offers Poncho a job at the Food Factory. Poncho refuses. Don\'s next dream convinces him to attack the Food Factory. Poncho tries to tell him out of it by giving him his idea; A Touchdown Turkey but Don refuses Poncho\'s idea and attacks the Food Factory only to get incarcerated. While visiting Don in prison, Poncho learns that Don\'s addiction to his super-spicy salsa is causing the bad dreams. He weans Don off the salsa, much to Don\'s disappointment. The next morning, Don claims he slept well. Sheriff Bob claims he\'ll let Don go if he quits the salsa. Poncho has an idea to open their restaurant for "la breakfast", as the Food Factory doesn\'t open until lunchtime. In the Silly Song, Larry\'s ball bounces into a gated community; instead of helping him, the residents just sing about how lovely life is there. Larry at the end, annoyingly leaves but the singers finally throws him his ball and Larry thanks them. "Sheerluck Holmes" opens up to Sheerluck and Watson entering Doylie\'s ice cream parlor, claiming they have "The Howling Dogs of Baker Street" case wrapped up. Sheerluck takes all the credit and praise, upsetting Watson. After leaving, Scooter informs the duo of a plot to steal the Golden Ruler, the kingdom\'s most valuable treasure. At the palace, they meet up with the Prime Minister, and find a few clues including footprints and a secret passageway, but police group, Fish and Chips, want to solve the case themselves. Back at Doylie\'s, when Sheerluck takes the credit again for the clues Watson finally cracks and leaves, saying to Sheerluck, "When you want to start treating me like a friend, come talk to me." The very next morning, at Sheerluck\'s apartment, Scooter informs him that the Golden Ruler has been stolen. He arrives at Watson\'s apartment, only to be battered by Watson\'s maids. Back at the palace, Sheerluck is clueless without Watson. He finally realizes the Golden Rule, after which Watson appears; he has been disguised as one of the palace guards. In a CSI-type method, he explains the clues and finds that the thief is a palace guard who is a French spy imposter. The Prime Minister interrogates them politely, but they cannot match any of them to the crime. However Sheerluck trips and falls onto the guards causing them to fall onto each other like dominoes and revealing the culprit to be a guard. The guard is arrested, and Sheerluck and Watson celebrate at Doylie\'s. Back at the countertop, Larry apologizes for insulting South Dakota and receives a musical message from South Dakota which shows their/its acceptance for his apology. Following this, Bob and Larry finish  and the show ends with the credits rolled.'] ['Fred and Wilma\'s marriage is in serious jeopardy. After years of Wilma putting up with her husband\'s lazy, self-centered loitering, she hopes that a second honeymoon in Rockapulco  will finally restore the passion in the relationship; Fred, in the meantime, looks at the idea as another excuse for a personal vacation and takes it for granted. Meanwhile, a professional thief succeeds in acquiring a rare diamond, but he loses possession of it when his handbag ends up getting switched with Wilma\'s handbag, forcing the thief to woo the frustrated Mrs. Flintstone in an effort to reclaim the diamond, which follows up to leading a worried Fred to reevaluate his own conduct and feelings towards Wilma before he "loses her" for good. The two eventually discover the thief\'s true purpose and reunite together to save the day and restore their love.'] ['Set in 1920s Thailand, two tigers are separated as cubs after the ancient temple where they live is disturbed by Aidan McRory  who intends to steal and sell the ancient statues. Two tiger cubs are playing when the younger cub  comes upon a young civet. Sangha chases the civet into its burrow and the mother civet appears and chases Sangha up a tree. The older tiger cub  appears and chases the mother civet back into its burrow. Eventually, humans come across them, and the tigress arrives to protect the cubs. She picks Sangha up and runs for safety. Kumal follows, but can\'t keep up and falls behind. The cubs\' father appears, but the men have caught up with them and he is shot dead by McRory. McRory is an unscrupulous explorer, big-game hunter and temple looter. He discovers Kumal and befriends him, but McRory is arrested for stealing from the ancient temple and Kumal is kept by the chief in the Cambodian village where McRory had been staying. The chief then sells Kumal to a circus where he is to be the star attraction. Sangha remains in the jungle with his mother, but both are soon trapped by McRory as game for a vain Khmer prince to hunt. The mother is shot in the ear and thought to be dead before she jumps up and runs off with a hole in her ear. Sangha is discovered by young Raoul, son of the French administrator, Normandin, and becomes the child\'s pet. However, Raoul\'s mother\'s dog, Bittsi, a schipperke, is a constant antagonist to the young tiger. Kumal is trained by cruel circus ringmaster Zerbino to do tricks, such as jumping through a flaming hoop. Sangha meanwhile dwells peacefully with Raoul until he is at last cornered by Bittsi following a prolonged chase. In self-defence, Sangha attacks Bittsi, badly wounding although not killing him. This provokes a hysterical reaction from the household, particularly Raoul\'s mother, who insists that the cub has now "got a taste of blood" and Sangha is given away. As a result, he is made a part of the prince\'s palace menagerie, where he quickly gains a reputation as a ferocious animal. Sangha and Kumal are now very close to each other. The prince then decides to hold a festival in which a battle between two great beasts - the brother tigers - will be the centerpiece. When placed in the cage before the audience during the festival, the two brothers do not immediately recognize each other, and Kumal is afraid to fight. However, when the brothers finally recognize each other they begin to play together instead of fighting, and the audience likes this but the trainers don\'t. The trainer attempts to antagonize the tigers into fighting, but as he opens the cage to shoot one, the tigers escape, managing to frighten the trainers and the audience into the cage themselves. The two tigers escape, and McRory is determined to hunt them down. After Kumal showing Sangha how to jump through fire to escape, McRory and Raoul find them. However, as McRory takes aim at Sangha, Kumal appears, and demonstrates that he remembers the sweets McRory used to give him. McRory puts down his gun and vows never to hunt again. The two brothers make their way back to their temple home in the jungle where they meet up with their mother . Just before the credits, some comments to save the tigers  are shown.'] ["Teenager Josh Framm's mother, Jackie, has just married her veterinarian boyfriend, Patrick Sullivan. Josh and his best friend, Tom Stewart, have just made their school's soccer team when their coach reveals that their team will become co-ed. Josh meets Emma, an attractive girl who just moved with her family from England; and not only will she be playing on his soccer team, but she also has a golden retriever named Molly. Molly quickly has puppies with Josh's basketball and football-playing dog, Buddy. Next, it is discovered that Buddy also has the uncanny ability to play soccer. Buddy has a uniform and is on the roster, leading Josh's soccer team to the state championship. However, trouble occurs when Buddy's six newborn puppies are kidnapped by two people who want to sell them for cash."] ['The film starts as Buddha  and his owner Sam  are star-gazing. As a shooting star passes, Sam makes a wish that he can touch the moon. The next day is the day of Sam\'s school field trip to Vision Enterprises to watch a test launch of the Vision 1 space craft. However, since no pets are allowed to go, Sam has to leave Buddha at home. Buddha meets up with the other Buddies, Budderball , Rosebud , B-Dawg , and Mudbud , and invites them to come with him to go to see the test launch. They hide in the school bus and the bus soon arrives at the Vision Enterprises where the launch is. The dogs go to a space-suit machine and put on space-suits before following the group of students, who are being led by Dr. Finkel . The dogs get aboard the space shuttle Vision 1. At Mission Control in the Vision enterprises, Pi confirms they are ready for launch. Meanwhile, the Buddies take a close look around until they are sealed in the shuttle, which prepares for launch. Astro , who will be piloting the ship from Earth, launches the shuttle, and the shuttle flies to space. At Mission Control, the humans realize the third tank of gas in the shuttle was never fully filled. With ten hours until the gas runs out, they look for solutions. They eventually decide to pilot the space craft to the old R.R.S.S. . They contact the cosmonaut living in the space station, named Yuri , telling him to refuel the Vision 1. As Vision 1 connects to the space station, the dogs decide to explore the space station, and they meet a dog called Spudnick  who is under the care of Yuri. Spudnick explains that Yuri is quite content to stay in space, yet he wishes to go home. Yuri finds the dogs and becomes happy because the buddies can keep them company. The buddies are trapped in the kitchen, and are saved later by Spudnick. After connecting the fuel pipe to the Vision 1, the gas starts to leak from the pipes. Meanwhile, the buddies and Spudnick rush back to Vision 1 to escape. Yuri activates lock-down to trap the dogs. They manage to get to the Vision 1. Yuri tries to stop them, banging on the control switches. However, some sparks drop on the gas, causing an explosion. Spudnick and the Buddies escape from the R.R.S.S. as it explodes. Yuri barely escapes using the "Cosmo-pod escape vessel". The Vision 1 travels to the moon. Soon after, the Vision 1 approaches and lands on the moon . They soon begin to get out of the Vision 1 and walk around the area within the place they had landed. Mission Control finds that the sounds from their space helmets happen to be soft barks, and conclude they are golden retriever puppies, and this is broadcasted on the news. The children find out through the news . The buddies, while on the moon, meet a ferret named Gravity , who is the Buddies\' mission control assistant. But since their only communication is from audio, the buddies don\'t know Gravity is a ferret. Gravity orders the Buddies to get back on the Vision 1. When returning to Earth, the path is changed by the untrustworthy Dr. Finkel. The path\'s telemetry is reverted into a meteor shower. The "auto-avoidance system", takes control of the Vision 1, rotating and shifting heavily between every meteor in its path. However, the Vision 1\'s data communications antenna is busted to the right when it becomes struck by a meteor. Budderball is sent to repair the antenna by doing a space walk outside of the Vision 1. At Mission Control, the adults are puzzled about the change of the telemetry course of the Vision 1 when Sam accuses Dr. Finkel of changing the path. As Dr. Finkel denies it, Pi uses the security camera to confirm that Dr. Finkel was indeed at the desk at 7:49 PM, the time when the telemetry course was changed. As Dr. Finkel is taken away by security, Sam approaches Dr. Finkel and calls him "Dr. Stinkle." Mission Control receives Yuri\'s distress signal in the Cosmo-pod before the Vision 1 enters the atmosphere through the blackout zone. They wait 4 minutes until they arrive, but they arrive early. The Vision 1 ends it\'s mission by slowing down on the take-off strip. The Buddies find out Gravity was a ferret, and so that Budderball replies he is related to skunks. Yuri crashes his pod, and is rescued by some soldiers, telling them he comes from space. Pi awards The Buddies wings of true heroism, with their title as "Space Buddies". The Buddies review what they did . Once at home, Buddha gives Sam a moon rock he had taken from his journey, fulfilling his wish of touching the moon. The film ends with Spudnick back at home with his old owner Sasha, saying, "It is the journey and friendship that matters the most."'] ['Two clownfish, Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home in the New Caledonia Barrier Reef and their clutch of eggs that are due to hatch in a few days. Suddenly, a barracuda attacks them, leaving Marlin unconscious before eating Coral and all but one of their eggs. Marlin names this egg Nemo, a name that Coral liked. The film then moves on to Nemo\'s first day of school. Nemo has a tiny right fin, due to a minor injury to his egg from the barracuda attack, which limits his swimming ability. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip, Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat, resulting in him being captured by scuba divers. As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water. While unsuccessfully attempting to save Nemo, Marlin meets Dory, a naïve but good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting three sharks on a fish-free diet, Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver\'s mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, when he argues with Dory and accidentally gives her a nosebleed, the scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory. The two escape from Bruce but the mask falls into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it. After receiving directions to Sydney from a large school of moonfish, Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish that nearly sting them to death; Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current. In the current, Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles; his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually finds Nemo in Sydney. Meanwhile, Nemo\'s captor - P. Sherman, a dentist - places him into a fish tank in his office on Sydney Harbour. There, Nemo meets a group of aquarium fish called the "Tank Gang", led by a crafty and ambitious moorish idol named Gill. The "Tank Gang" includes Bloat, a puffer fish; Bubbles, a Yellow Tang; Peach, a starfish; Gurgle, a Royal gramma; Jacques, a pacific cleaner shrimp; and Deb, a Blacktailed Humbug. The fish are frightened to learn that the dentist plans to give Nemo to his niece, Darla. She is infamous for killing a goldfish given to her previously by constantly shaking the bag. In order to avoid this fate, Gill gives Nemo a role in an escape plan, which involves jamming the tank\'s filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish from the tank to clean it manually. The fish would be placed in plastic bags, at which point they would roll out the window and into the harbor. After a friendly pelican named Nigel visits with news of Marlin\'s adventure, Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter, but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter. Upon leaving the East Australian Current, Marlin and Dory become lost and are engulfed by a whale. Inside the whale\'s immense mouth, Marlin desperately tries to escape while Dory communicates with it in whale-speak. In response, the whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole. They are met by Nigel, who recognizes Marlin from the stories he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist\'s office. By this time, Darla has arrived and the dentist is prepared to give Nemo to her. Nemo tries to play dead in hopes of saving himself, and, at the same time, Nigel arrives. Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act for the actual death of his son. Gill helps Nemo escape into a drain through a sink after a chaotic struggle. Overcome with despair, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home. Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean through an underwater drainpipe. Dory\'s memory is restored after she reads the word "Sydney" on a nearby drainpipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. After some days, Nemo leaves for school once more and Marlin who is no longer overprotective or doubtful of his son\'s safety, proudly watches Nemo swim away into the distance. Back at the dentist\'s office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang have escaped into the harbor. However, they realize that they are confined to the bags of water that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.'] ['The story centers on the lovable Eubie the Elf , whose quest is to bring Christmas joy to an entire town of naughty children in a gloomy little town called Bluesville. Bluesville is a dark miserable town completely surrounded by cliffs on all sides, completely blocking the sun so that it only shines on Bluesville for a short time, when it\'s directly over the town. Because the town is so dark and gloomy, people never smile, and are put off by seeing Eubie smiling all the time, as his optimistic happiness makes him stick out in the gloomy town. Because people are so miserable in Bluesville, nobody knows how to tell a joke properly. Most of the people work at a place known as "The What Factory", where all the world\'s question marks are manufactured . Also, at the Bluesville school, recess only lasts for one minute . Eubie talks to the mayor about what is wrong with Bluesville, he explains everything in a song. Eubie asks the mayor if there\'s anything about Bluesvill that makes him feel proud, to which the mayor replies that Bluesvill is the world\'s largest manufacturer of non-flammable coal, which children enjoy throwing at people. The mayor then makes a deal with Eubie. The mayor promises Eubie that if he can find another use for non-flammable coal, he\'ll put a Christmas tree up in the town square. Eubie\'s first plan on getting the kids to help him make Bluesville a happier place is having them gather on a busy street and start a pie fight, but that only makes all the people angry. To search for more help, Molly , one naughty 10-year-old, takes Eubie to downtown Bluesville, the most miserable part of Bluesville, for a meeting of a group called S.L.O.B. , which only has one member of its group. While there, Molly and Eubie meets up with Curtis , who is there because he brought along his foreign friend, Yope, who doesn\'t speak English, but is happy to be there. Molly soon decides that Eubie\'s plans are hopeless, and tells him to just take all his big ideas home. At the mention of that, Eubie gets another idea, and is about to implement it when the lights in the room go off and Eubie is taken back to the North Pole. In his bid to get Bluesville off the Naughty List, Eubie violated several rules in one day. As punishment, Santa had Eubie turn in his hat, which, at the North Pole, meant his Christmas happiness and powers were taken away. When Gilda , Eubie\'s friend, learns of this, she motivates him to go back to Bluesville to finish his job, and gives him her hat to restore his powers and happiness. He then returns to Bluesville and explains to the kids his plan, and why they should do it in the form of a song, they get to work. That night, they give the mayor of Bluesville a bottle of anti-snore medicine in his sleep, while Eubie spends the night waxing all the cliffs surrounding Bluesville. While he is doing this, Derek, another friend of his, notices Gilda doesn\'t have her hat on, he soon figures out what is going on and, trying to follow the North Pole rules, he notifies one of the higher-ups. When Eubie has finished waxing the cliffsides of Bluesville, he says to himself that he has one thing left to do, but before he can do that, the same elves who took him back to the North Pole the first time come back to retrieve him again. This time, both are put on punishment and are sentenced to clean up the toy factory, with both their hats taken away. Derek, now alone at the Christmas office party, is sad and mad with himself for betraying his friends, and confesses to what he did to Eubie and Gilda. They forgive him, but it only makes him feel worse about himself, considering what he did to them. While wondering what he can do to make it up to them, they have him do the one thing Eubie intended to do to finish making Bluesville a happier place. When the sun shines over Bluesville again, people once again expect it to only last it usual four seconds, but after it disappears over the cliffsides again, leaving the people disappointed at not having the sun shine on them longer, the sun reflects of the freshly waxed walls, filling the whole town of Bluesville experience more sun than it\'s ever had before, making them feel happier than they had ever been in their lives. At the What Factory, the machine had been tampered with, so rather than grey question marks, the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes, which pleasantly surprises the factory workers. At the school, when recess starts, the bell has an elve\'s shoe placed over the ringer, blocking it from ringing the bell, which makes the kids ecstatic that they can continue playing. Molly comes out of the school, where Derek meets her. He tells her to find the mayor and give him a jar of wax, and a piece of non-flammable cole that was squeezed into a diamond , and to tell her that Eubie was sorry he couldn\'t be there. Molly happily goes to leave the schoolyard to find the mayor, but stays for a while to allow Curtis to tell a story that\'s actually funny. Molly finds the mayor and shows him the items in question, showing the mayor that there was indeed another use for non-flammable coal, the mayor remembers back to when he was a child and the town had a Chrtmas tree with a star on top that shined just like the coal. The mayor makes good on his word, putting up a Christmas Tree in the town square. That Christmas, Santa decides to make Eubie, Gilda, and Derek his sleigh crew that year for bringing joy to Bluesville, which has soon changed its name to Joyville.'] ['The setting is a small cottage. The film starts with a ten-year old girl named Sam Montgomery  living in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed father Hal , who runs a popular sports-themed diner. Hal soon marries a vain, self-absorbed woman named Fiona . Hal is killed when, during an earthquake, he runs to save Fiona. Supposedly leaving no will, Fiona receives all of his belongings, including the house and diner, and to her dismay, Sam. Eight years later, eighteen-year old tomboy Sam is employed as a worker at the diner to save money for Princeton, where she is tormented by Fiona and her two dim-witted daughters, Brianna  and Gabriella . Fiona emotionally abuses Sam and uses unnecessary amounts of water during a drought. A running gag throughout the film demonstrates Sam\'s stepsisters participating in synchronized swimming, for which they are found to have absolutely no talent. Sam struggles to cope socially at North Valley High School, where Queen Bee cheerleader, Shelby Cummings , also torments her and calls her "Diner Girl." Sam confides in her online pen pal "Nomad" about her dream to attend Princeton University, a dream which he also shares. However, "Nomad"\'s true identity is Austin Ames , the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school\'s football team, and Shelby\'s boyfriend . "Nomad" proposes that they meet in person at the school\'s Halloween dance. Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her friend Carter Ferrell , to go to the dance and meet her mysterious online friend. On the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the dance. Carter and Rhonda , Sam\'s best friends convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the dance any way. Carter and Rhonda take Sam to find a costume for the dance. Sam, wearing a mask and a beautiful white dress, meets "Nomad" at the dance, and is surprised and shocked to learn that he is Austin. The two decide to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other. After sharing a romantic dance together, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love. But just as Austin is about to unmask her, Sam\'s cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to return to the diner before Fiona comes back at midnight. She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and drops her phone on her way out. Austin picks up her cell and begins a desperate search to figure out who his "Cinderella" really is, the result being that every girl in school claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone. Sam is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he won\'t accept her due to her not-so-elegant lifestyle. Carter, dressed as Zorro, rescues Shelby from the unwanted amorous advances of Austin\'s friend, David . Shelby falls for "Zorro" not knowing who he is and Carter resolves to tell her who he really is the next day, only to end up being shunned when he does. When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to him, but is cut off by Fiona. Sam\'s stepsisters convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal Austin from her, and, during a prep rally, Sam\'s identity is revealed to Austin. Like Austin, Sam had been accepted to Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona believing she was rejected. Sam then decides to give up her dreams and resigns herself to working at the Diner. Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk. When her stepsisters come in, they cause a guitar to fall off the wall, taking the wallpaper it is attached to with it. Sam then sees her father\'s words "NEVER LET THE FEAR OF STRIKING OUT KEEP YOU FROM PLAYING THE GAME", and regains her confidence. A fed up Sam then confronts Fiona about the mistreatment she\'s given her, she quits her job at the diner and moves out to live with Rhonda. Simultaneously, Rhonda and the rest of the diner\'s staff quit along with Sam, having put up with Fiona\'s abuse for Sam\'s sake all those years after Hal died. The customers, who watched the entire scene, leave the diner as well. Before a school football game, Sam confronts Austin about his cowardice and lies. Before the final play of the game, he sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally faces up to his father that he wants to attend Princeton rather than simply play football all his life. He hands his helmet to his other friend, Ryan, then chases after Sam and apologizes. She accepts his apology and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the drought-plagued valley. Soon after, Sam finds Hal\'s will hidden in her childhood fairytale book, which stated that all of his belongings belonged to her. Sam sells her stepfamily\'s fancy cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the will as a witness but claims she never saw that will, is arrested after being chased through the front yard of what is now Sam\'s house by the deputy sheriffs. Fiona, Brianna and Gabriella are made to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored to its former glory before Hal\'s death by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda. Sam finds out the truth that she was accepted by Princeton after her acceptance letter was found in the garbage by Gabriella. Also, Austin\'s father comes to accept his son\'s desire to attend Princeton. Things even work out in the end for Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication. After being dumped by Austin, Shelby then makes a play for Carter, only to be spurned in favor of Astrid, the school\'s DJ. The movie ends with Sam and Austin happily driving off to Princeton, now officially a couple.'] ['Two friends, Danny ([[John White , and Phil  live in a Mississippi town near a swamp. There is a local legend of a swamp-dwelling creature called "Gator Face". They construct a Gator Face costume by modifying a wetsuit.<ref namehttp://news.google.com/newspapers?idLP0DAAAAIBAJ&pgthe+legend+of+gator+face |title1998-06-10 |publisher2009-06-21}} After scaring most of the townsfolk, the pranks make national news, drawing the attention of the National Guard. Danny soon discovers that Gator Face is real and friendly. After Danny, along with his friends Phil and Angel , saves Gator Face from a trap, they realize that Gator Face is protecting the swamps. Danny learns that the National Guard will kill Gator Face if he is caught so the three friends resolve to save the monster. Danny\'s older brother Chip  shoots at Danny  with a flare gun and misses when Danny flees into a nearby building. The townsfolk think Danny is the real Gator Face and burns the building with Danny in it, the real Gator Face jumps in and saves Danny but is himself shot. Yet the swamp won\'t let its defender die, so the fog heals Gator Face and the day is saved.'] ["The film centers around a six-year-old girl named Savannah , whose father is running for the United States Senate. Because Savannah's parents pay no attention to her, she decides to run away, leaving a note before she flees. Unfortunately, her father, fearing the note may hurt his chances of winning the election, burns it without even reading it. When her aunt picks her up and they go to the park, Savannah switches cars and ends up with two escaped  convicts . The convicts take her in and soon discover that her father has posted a reward of $100,000 for her safe return. Unexpectedly, they grow close to her, and Savannah finds the love and attention she always wanted. The convicts arrange to return her, with the help of the family priest , but she becomes lost in the mountains. The convicts refuse the opportunity to escape in order to search for her and bring her back safely, ultimately surrendering to the priest and the police."] ["Like Berry Blossom Festival before it, it is basically two of the TV episodes shown back to back:  The Pie-Man and Sour Grapes scheme to take over Strawberryland by having Sour Grapes pose as a dance instructor and keep the girls busy. However, Sour Grapes soon had a change of heart and found that she really does enjoy teaching the girls, and betrays the Pie-Man.  A new girl, Apricot, moves into Strawberryland. However, she makes up tall tales to try to blend in to the group. Soon, however, she learns that one doesn't need tall tales to have someone like them."] ["Skip Robinson is a construction worker who lives with his family in Los Angeles, California. They are tired of it and decides to move to the mountains with no plans to return due to the smog and congestion. After building their own cabin, they settle in to find out that their environment isn't always as peaceful as it may appear. A pack of wolves, an angry lioness, and a locally notorious grizzly bear harass the Robinsons, in their otherwise happy new home."] ['While circus animals are being transported, Mrs. Jumbo, one of the elephants, receives her baby from a stork. The baby elephant is quickly taunted by the other elephants because of his large ears, and they nickname him "Dumbo". Once the circus is set up, Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son, and she is locked up and deemed mad. Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him, he is now alone, except for a self-appointed mentor and protector, Timothy Q. Mouse, who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again. The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt, but Dumbo\'s ears cause the stunt to go wrong, injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top. Dumbo is made a clown as a result, and plays the main role in an act that involves him falling into a vat of pie filling. Despite his newfound popularity and fame, Dumbo hates this job and is now more miserable than ever. To cheer Dumbo up, Timothy takes him to visit his mother. On the way back Dumbo cries and then starts to hiccup so Timothy decides to take him for a drink of water from a bucket which, unknown to him, has accidentally had a bottle of champagne knocked into it. As a result, Dumbo and Timothy both become drunk and see hallucinations of pink elephants. The next morning, Dumbo and Timothy wake up in a tree. Timothy wonders how they got up in the tree, and concludes that Dumbo flew up there using his large ears as wings. With the help of a group of anthropomorphic crows, Timothy is able to get Dumbo to fly again, using a psychological trick of a "magic feather" to boost his confidence. Back at the circus, Dumbo must perform his stunt of jumping from a high building, this time from a much higher platform. On the way down, Dumbo loses the feather and Timothy tells him that the feather was never magical, and that he is still able to fly. Dumbo is able to pull out of the dive and flies around the circus, finally striking back at his tormentors as the stunned audience looks on in amazement. After this performance, Dumbo becomes a media sensation, Timothy becomes his manager, and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train.'] ["{{refimprove}} Nick Persons , a 37-year-old bachelor, takes a car drive on New Year's Eve to Vancouver from Portland, Oregon to transfer two bratty children, Lindsey and Kevin Kingston , to their divorced mother, Suzanne Kingston , on whom Nick has a crush. The road trip seems to be a disaster from the outset, as the three face numerous mishaps. One example includes the children signaling to truck driver Al Buck  that they have been kidnapped by Nick. They are run off the road by him. After Lindsey and Kevin discover their father's betrayal, they warm up to Nick, as he does with them, when he tells them that he, too, was abandoned by his father. Nick and the kids try to hitch a ride from Al Buck, but he leaves Nick behind and drives off, leading to a chase that ends when Nick fights Al, along with several men dressed as snowmen. During the fight, Kevin suddenly gets an asthma attack and Nick rushes to him with the inhaler and is able to revive him. The three eventually arrive at Vancouver. With the consent of the children, Nick and Suzanne are officially dating by the end of the movie."] ['10-year-old Gabe  meets 11-year-old Rosemary Telesco , a girl he\'s known since kindergarten. But after being partnered with her for sparring in karate class, he suddenly notices her as a girl, not another face. To Gabe\'s elation, they begin spending time together and he is completely enamored with not only her, but her life. He discovers that Rosemary is soon leaving for camp for six weeks and won\'t be back until summer\'s end. She lives with her loving upper-class parents  on the edge of Central Park. Rosemary\'s parents take her and Gabe to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle, where the young twosome finally hold hands. After the show, Rosemary\'s parents tell them to say goodnight and her parents go to get milk. After the parents leave, Rosemary starts talking to Gabe, which he interrupts by kissing her. The Telescos\' life is in contrast to Gabe\'s; he lives with his soon-to-be-divorcing parents , who have declared an awkward truce while waiting for their divorce to be finalized. As their relationship progresses, Gabe begins to question what is happening to him and why he is falling in love with Rosemary. When things seem to be going perfectly, Gabe\'s world is suddenly turned upside down. With their remaining time running out, Gabe tries to move closer to Rosemary but only drives her away. In a desperate move to win Rosemary back, Gabe tests for his yellow belt, but fractures his hand in a painful  attempt to break a board. Being crushed with what love really is, he learns from his father that the parents\' marriage fell apart because of things left unsaid. Realizing he is out of time, Gabe goes to find Rosemary. He interrupts her during the wedding reception she is attending and declares his love. Taken aback, Rosemary replies she doesn\'t think she is mature enough to be ready for love, but is really happy to see Gabe. She asks for a dance and Gabe agrees. As they dance, Gabe muses that he and Rosemary were on different paths – "like two ships that passed in Sheep Meadow." He returns home to find his parents laughing over their honeymoon experiences. Gabe is pleased and surprised when his father says he "cleared out some old stuff" and his parents appear to have reconciled. They happily go out for dinner, and as the movie ends, Gabe, narrating, summarizes what Rosemary meant to him: "...I\'m never gonna get another first love. That one is always gonna be her."'] ['Winnie the Pooh and his friends hear a strange noise and find a set of large, perfectly circular footprints in the Hundred Acre Wood . They jump to the conclusion that the noise and prints are from a heffalump, and Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it; a disappointed Roo is told to stay behind, as everyone believes the expedition is too dangerous for one as young as he. Roo slips out on his own in search of the heffalump, and soon finds one; a playful young four-footed creature named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump IV , coloured lavender and having a British accent and a trunk like an elephant, but being not much larger than Roo. Roo is afraid at first, but the two quickly become friends and play. After a while, Lumpy hears his mother calling for him to come home. Roo wants Lumpy to come home with him to meet all of his friends first, and they head towards the Hundred Acre Wood. When they get to the fence, Lumpy suddenly stops; thinking that the "creatures" that live there are scary. Roo reassures him and they return to the Hundred Acre Wood, which is deserted, as everyone else is still out searching for the heffalump. Roo and Lumpy soon become great friends and find that they\'re not so different after all. While playing, the two friends hear Lumpy\'s mother calling him to come home again. Lumpy and Roo search for his mother, but she is nowhere to be seen. Lumpy uses his trunk to call to her, but doesn\'t work. After hours of searching, Lumpy assumes that they will never find her, and starts to cry. Roo sings a part of a song to Lumpy, that his mother sang to him earlier in the film; which gives Roo an idea, they could go find his mother, and see if she can help Lumpy. They soon find Kanga and the rest of the gang. Rabbit thinks that Lumpy has captured Roo, and the gang starts to chase Lumpy through the traps that were set up earlier in the film. All fails as Lumpy escapes through all the traps that they set up. Running after Lumpy, Roo gets caught in the last trap. A frightened Lumpy keeps on running, and escapes into the woods. Roo manages to get out of the trap, and runs to find Lumpy. He quickly sees that he is trapped in a giant cage. Lumpy madly tells his friend that he had broke his promise; as Roo had said before that his friends wouldn\'t be frightening. Roo makes many attempts to break the cage, but all fails to work. Roo apologizes for everything, and explains that it is all his fault. Roo looks up at the cage, and soon sees that the only way to free his friend, is to untie the rope holding the cage together. He climbs all the way to the top. He unties the rope, and frees Lumpy, who is very happy that Roo had rescued him, and Lumpy and Roo hug. Kanga, who had saw the whole thing, peeks from behind a tree, and is amazed what Roo had done. Then Rabbit, Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet come running around the corner, still thinking that Lumpy has captured Roo. They all lasso Lumpy. Roo jumps on Lumpy\'s head, and yells at them to stop, and explains to his friends that Heffalumps aren\'t scary nor are they mean. While Roo is explaining this, Lumpy starts to fall down a ditch, and sends Roo flying in the air and lands into a pile of giant logs, reaching down to 50 feet. Everyone, including Lumpy, try to save him, but nothing works. Lumpy then gets an idea, and tries to use his call to get his mother to come and save Roo. After a few tries, he finally gets his call right, and his mother comes and saves Roo. Lumpy\'s mother is very proud that he found his call, and they hug. Pooh then explains to Rabbit why the heffalump was in The Hundred Acre Wood; she was looking for her baby. Rabbit then apologizes to Lumpy for his behavior, and he forgives him. Lumpy\'s mother tells him it\'s time to go home. Lumpy says goodbye to his friend, but Roo has a better idea; He pleads to his Mom, "Just a bit longer?" and the movie is ended with Roo, and Lumpy playing together. The end credits show that Lumpy, Roo, Tigger, Rabbit, Eeyore, Piglet, and even Christopher Robin are best friends now.'] ['This is a movie about a marine biologist, Mary Beth, who is a single parent and leads a hectic life with her two impossible daughters, Judith and Nora. She, along with her research partner Becky, are trying to study and save a beautiful dolphin named Roxanne. Living next door to Mary Beth is Terry, a single dad and musician, who is the ineffective owner of Zeus, as well as being pretty inept at fathering--it looks in the beginning of the movie as if Jordan is taking care of him. After giving Mary Beth a terribly unfortunate morning by chasing her cat and wrecking her outdoor garden, Zeus proceeds to stow away on one of Mary Beth\'s boat trips, which really annoys Mary Beth. However, she suddenly turns the boat to follow the dolphin, and Zeus slips off the boat and into a pod of sharks. This is when she finds out that the dog and the dolphin can do "interspecies communication" as Roxanne saves Zeus\' life and actually gives him a ride back to the boat on her back. Of course, as a scientist, she is intrigued and curious. Claude, Mary Beth\'s partner, is a cold-hearted researcher who sees the dolphins as objects, not living beings. He is most interested in making a great deal of money through research grants, and in trying to flirt with Mary Beth, although he does not care for her but only wants to co-opt her skill and talent and defeat her own attempts to re-integrate Roxanne back into the ocean environment--he wants grant money to come to his research, not hers. However, Mary Beth is going to be otherwise occupied on both the professional and romantic fronts. She is working with Roxanne and Zeus to understand their interspecies communication, in order to re-introduce Roxanne, a "research dolphin", back into the wild. She studies Roxanne\'s interaction with Zeus, and knows that both animals actually have feelings for one another, which makes her far more inclined to see them as beings with personalities. Through the conniving of their respective children, to make things even more complicated, Mary Beth and Terry end up going out, and she learns to be a little less uptight and a bit more understanding of the unexpected. However, things get tense when Claude kidnaps Roxanne, planning to kill the dolphin to frustrate Mary Beth\'s plans, and has Zeus along in the process, to the dog\'s endangerment. In the end, it\'s a race to save the dolphin and Zeus, and in the dramatic conclusion, Mary Beth and Terry find they have far more in common than pets and kids.'] ['The story is set in 1895 France and takes place predominantly in Paris. However, it begins on a farm in rural Provence. The lovely housecat Mewsette and the accomplished but shy mouser Jaune Tom are in love, but the former is frustrated with his plebeian ways , to the point of calling him a "clumsy country Claude". Inspired by the human Jeanette\'s stories of the glamour and sophistication of Paris , Mewsette runs away by taking a train to the big city, where she encounters the slick con-cat Meowrice . Taking advantage of the country kitty\'s naivete, he puts her in the care of the sultry Madame Henretta Reubens-Chatte, who promises to turn Mewsette into a dainty debutante known as "The Belle of all Paris". Unbeknownst to Mewsette, Meowrice is grooming her to be the mail-order bride of a rich American cat in Pittsburgh known as "Mr. Henry Phtt" . Meanwhile, Jaune Tom and his sidekick Robespierre arrive in Paris, searching for Mewsette. Training does not go well. Just as Mewsette is about to give up and return to the farm, Meowrice takes her out to see the cat side of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Champs-Élysées and the Mewlon Rouge. Reinvigorated, she returns to her studies. Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive just at that moment but are waylaid by one of Meowrice\'s shadowy cat henchmen and barely escape drowning in Paris\'s famous labyrinthine sewers. By coincidence, Jaune Tom displays his incredible mouse-hunting skills in front of Meowrice , who sees a money-making opportunity, gets them drunk , and sells them as mousers to a ship bound for Alaska. On the ship, Robespierre consoles a depressed Jaune Tom, telling him that any problem, regardless of size, can be broken up into manageable pieces, by remarking that even the mighty ocean is made up of little drops of water. Jaune Tom has a vision of Mewsette singing about how no problem is unconquerable, and the importance of never giving up . Mewsette finishes her training and is now lovely enough to impress even Meowrice, who commissions a series of paintings of her by such famous artists as Claude Monet, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Georges Seurat, Henri Rousseau, Amedeo Modigliani, Vincent van Gogh, Edgar Degas, Auguste Renoir, Paul Cézanne, Paul Gauguin and Pablo Picasso , so that he can send them to Mr. Phtt. Meowrice quietly writes a check to pay his "sister", Mme. Reubens-Chatte , and takes Mewsette to Notre Dame. There, he reveals his plan to ship her to America and tries to coerce her to enter a luggage crate, but after describing Mr. Phtt as fat and old, she manages to escape him and his sidekicks. In the resulting chase scene, she leads Meowrice and his henchmen onto a bulldog, who injures him badly enough to put him out of action for six weeks. Meanwhile, his sycophants  comb the city without success, searching for Mewsette. Meanwhile, not long after they reach Alaska , Jaune Tom and Robespierre strike gold. Now wealthy, the two cats hurry back to Paris. Disillusioned and homeless, Mewsette walks the streets of Paris . Just as she is about to commit suicide by hurling herself into the Seine River from the Pont Alexandre III, Meowrice appears with his cats and captures her. She is taken to the Gare du Nord train station, en route to a boat to America, and all hope seems lost, when Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive. They have been aided by Mme. Ruebens-Chatte, who is irritated that her own brother double-crossed her and tears up the worthless check. In a humorously over-the-top fight scene inside the boxcar of a moving train, the three heroes defeat Meowrice and pack him into the crate intended for Mewsette, doubtless that this will be a nasty surprise for Mr. Phtt. The film concludes with Mewsette, Jaune Tom and Robespierre enjoying the high life in Paris that Mewsette was seeking when she left home .'] ['This episode takes place entirely on the countertop where Larry the Cucumber, Mr. Lunt and Pa Grape are hosting the show. Pa Grape informs the others that today they are going to do a little something else after all, but they resist. They laze around eating Chinese food while Pa Grape introduces the "Astonishing Contraption of Silliness". Pa Grape pushes them into action and they feed the votes into the Contraption, which sputters and begins presenting the Top 10 Silly Songs of All Time. The Contraption malfunctions halfway through the countdown, producing nonsense such as "The Dance of the Yodeling Cebu Lips" and "The Song of the Water-Buffalo who don\'t love Cebu with yodeling lips", forcing Larry and Mr. Lunt to come up with a song of their own. The result, based on the text of a Chinese takeout menu, is called "Do the Moo Shoo". Pa Grape declares that it won\'t make the Top Ten, and manages to fix the machine so the countdown can continue. When the countdown gets to the top two, The Contraption announces "The Pirates Who Don\'t...". But Pa Grape starts acting strange, suggests that all the votes have not been collected, and produces a big bag labeled "Official Votes" to feed into the machine. Larry and Mr. Lunt confront him and Pa finally confesses to trying to rig the election because "The Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything" is the only song that features him. Larry and Mr. Lunt forgive him, saying that it\'s better than "The Forgive-O-Matic" from "God Wants Me to Forgive Them!?!", which was a failed attempt to sell a machine that supposedly gives automatic forgiveness. The final two songs are presented and the show ends with Larry, Pa Grape, and Mr Lunt singing "Silly Song Remix Medley" over the closing credits.'] ['Elina, a wingless flower fairy, and her puffball friend Bibble watch their fairy friend Dandelion fly with three pixies. The pixies make fun of Elina for having no wings, but Elina ignores their taunting. Dandelion, however, defends Elina by fluttering her wings so hard that the small pixies are blown away. They later come back to warn Dandelion and Elina to go home "where it\'s safe". This is so they don\'t get kidnapped by someone named Laverna . Elina thinks that Laverna is a myth, but Dandelion is unsure so she goes home to ask her mother. Elina and Bibble go back to Peony, where her flower home is. Elina talks to Bibble about what the pixies said, but she thinks Topaz is too powerful to get kidnapped, as she is a guardian. Bibble is asleep, and Elina is still feeling uneasy, but Peony plays a lullaby for her, and she falls asleep. However, Topaz really has been kidnapped by Laverna. Laverna plans to kidnap all of the guardians, and then take over Fairytopia. Laverna calls her minions, Fungus, who reveal Laverna\'s formula. It had the power to weaken every flying creature in Fairytopia if they breathed it in; they would become so weak they would lose the power to fly. As she speaks, Laverna\'s minions are in all seven regions of Fairytopia and unleashing the formula. She thinks no one can stop her, as she is the only one with an antidote. Her main plan is to give everyone the antidote, and then everyone will love her for it and let her be their queen. In the morning, Bibble has to wake up Elina because Peony didn\'t sing to wake them up. Elina goes outside and sees that Peony, as well as all the other fairy homes, are sick. Dandelion comes to see Elina and tells her that some of the fairies are having trouble flying, and Topaz is gone; the closest guardian is Azura, and she is far away, in Fairytown. Elina thinks that she has to go to Fairytown to see Azura, but Dandelion doesn\'t think it is a good idea; Elina has never left the meadow before, and it takes hours to get to Fairytown, even if you have wings. Elina really thinks she can\'t actually get there, but Bibble and Dandelion volunteer to join her, and they leave the Magic Meadow. The trio enter a spooky forest and Dandelion flies up high to see if she can see a way out. When she is higher up, she breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and can\'t fly. Elina realizes that Dandelion is getting sick, and it would be too hard for Dandelion to walk like Elina, as Elina was used to walking. She urges Dandelion to go home before dark to avoid panicking her mother, so Dandelion leaves Elina and Bibble. Meanwhile, Laverna has kidnapped another guardian: Ruby. He remains loyal to the Enchantress, Laverna\'s sister, and the ruler of Fairytopia. Laverna shows Topaz and Ruby the state the Enchantress is in, and it turns out she is very weak because of the formula. Laverna urges Ruby to take advantage of her hospitality, like Topaz, who keeps eating food from Laverna. Elina and Bibble get out of the forest and encounter a new place where all of the flowers are wilting. Elina jumps up to one of the highest flowers to get a view of the horizon. Bibble flies in front of a flower that is like a tunnel, so they go inside it. At the end of the tunnel is the City Hall of Fairytown, but it is closed. They tells the man there that they need to see Azura but she is not there. A guardian named Larkspur comes and the man working in the city hall tells him that Ruby, and another guardian named Amethyst, have been kidnapped. He has to find Azura immediately, so Elina and Bibble take advantage of this and follow him. Elina and Bibble grab onto a flower and it floats after Larkspur, but they crash. They see Azura\'s house, but it is surrounded by guards. Elina and Bibble hide in a flower, but Azura spots them and tells them to leave. Elina tells Azura that they came all the way from Fairytopia, so Azura tells Elina to come closer. She sees a rainbow in Elina\'s eye for a second, and is shocked. She invites Elina into her house, and gives her food and shelter. Azura tells Elina that the rainbow in her eyes means she is destined for great things. When Elina goes to bed, Azura tells her that all of Fairytopia is in trouble and it is down to Laverna. In the morning she will leave to speak to a dryad named Dahlia, who lives in the Wildering Wood. Azura asks Elina to take care of her necklace. In the morning, Azura wakes up Bibble by tickling his belly and asks him to find Hue, who lives in the south; he needs to be given an important scroll. After that, Azura is about to leave, but is kidnapped by Fungus. Elina looks outside when she wakes up and sees that the guards have been tied up. A stout fairy thinks Elina has caused the trouble, so Elina runs away and gets helped by Hue, who has large wings and carries Elina to the Wildering Wood. In Laverna\'s lair, the Fungus arrive with Azura, and Laverna notices that Azura isn\'t wearing her necklace. The Fungus tell Laverna that wingless fairy had it. Laverna realizes that Elina wouldn\'t be affected by the forumla, as she couldn\'t fly. All of the Fungus are ordered to find Elina. Meanwhile, Hue tells Elina that after a day they will be in the Wildering Wood. However, they encounter some of Laverna\'s firebirds. To escape them, Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cove. Hue disturbs some relaxing mermaids when he flies too low, including Prince Nalu. Prince Nalu yells at Hue but stops when he sees Elina. Hue insists that the firebirds won\'t come down as they hate water, but they do. Prince Nalu throws them some special seaweed that will let them breathe underwater, so they all eat some. They swim with Prince Nalu to safety and he points them to the Wildering Wood. The prince hopes he can see Elina again, leading to Bibble making fun of them. They get on Hue but he breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and Elina orders him to land so he can rest. She asks Bibble to stay with Hue and she goes to find Dahlia by herself. When Elina is by herself, she begins doubting herself and comparing herself to Azura, a great guardian. Some happy trolls appear who will lead Elina to Dahlia. They go a long way, but still only see sick trees. Azura\'s necklace starts glowing and it "calls" Dahlia. The happy trolls leave and Dahlia says she can\'t help Elina; she doesn\'t want to help the guardians as the last time she tried to help them, none of them believed she was good except for Azura, as she had been working with Laverna. Azura believed that Dahlia would know how to defeat Laverna because of this, but Dahlia doesn\'t want to risk herself for Fairytopia. Elina convinces her otherwise and they go back to Hue and Bibble. Hue and Bibble insist on coming with Elina and Dahlia and they start to go after Laverna. In Laverna\'s lair, she has all the guardians kidnapped. Laverna places a crystal in her throne and the guardian\'s necklaces feel the presence of Azura\'s necklace, which is with Elina. Laverna knows she is near, so she orders the Fungus to get her. Dahlia tells Elina that, when she had left Laverna, Laverna had created a device that used the strength of her royal bloodline to suck the powers from the fairy guardian\'s necklaces, and transfer them to herself. She doesn\'t know how it works, but she knew that the "union point" would be the weakness. The group arrives at Laverna\'s lair, and they can\'t go in the air because of the firebirds. Their plan is to go in and find the union point, but Elina wants to go by herself as she has Azura\'s necklace. While Elina is running over to the lair, she almost gets caught by the Fungus, but Hue flies in with Dahlia to distract them. When Bibble tries to distract them he is captured. Elina makes it to the lair, and Dahlia, Bibble, and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus. When the Fungus leave, Elina finds them and tells Laverna to let them go. Laverna will only let them go if Elina gives her the necklace, but she refuses. Laverna sees the rainbow in Elina\'s eye, and tells her she could have wings if she went to Laverna\'s side. With the wings Laverna gave her, Elina becomes brainwashed. Laverna tells Elina that, together, they can have what they want; Laverna will rule Fairytopia, and Elina will have wings, with everything in her world as she remembered it. Laverna tells Elina to put Azura\'s necklace around Azura\'s neck, and Elina will get everything she\'s ever wanted. The guardians\' necklaces make them lose their powers and they start transferring to Laverna. Elina puts the necklace on Azura and snaps out of her brainwashed mindset, and sees that the union point is where the crystal is. She takes the necklace off Azura and throws it at the crystal, breaking it. The guardians get their powers back. Laverna, her throne, and her sceptre disappear. The guardians are safe. Back in the Magic Meadow, the pixies are flying again, and everyone is glad to see Elina. Hue comes to see Elina, and so does the Enchantress. She thanks Elina and her friends for saving everyone, and says that Elina has earned a great gift. The Enchantress gives Elina a rainbow colored necklace and flies away. The necklace begins to glow and Elina gets beautiful, pink wings. She flies with her own wings for the first time, and Elina, Dandelion, Hue and Bibble fly together.'] ['Petrie is having a difficult time preparing for "The Day of the Flyers", an important day for all of the flying residents of the Great Valley, when all of the young flyers must participate in a very precise flying exhibition to prove that they are ready to fly with the adults. Always a nervous flyer, Petrie has even more trouble flying with his siblings in precise group formations — he’s more of an independent, free-style flier. At the same time, a strange newcomer to the Great Valley has Littlefoot and his friends trying to help figure out just exactly what he is. Named Guido, a Microraptor gui, he’s the strangest looking creature any of the Great Valley creatures has ever seen, especially since he’s covered with feathers, and has never seen another like himself. Cera is having her own troubles, as her grumpy dad and his new mate, Tria, get ready to welcome a hatchling to the family. All of these issues come together on the night before "The Day of the Flyers," when Guido starts to figure out what he is, inadvertently leading all of the gang on a perilous adventure into the Mysterious Beyond.'] [' Kermit the Frog enjoys a relaxing afternoon in a Florida swamp, singing "Rainbow Connection" and strumming his banjo, when he is approached by an agent who encourages Kermit to pursue a career in show business. Inspired by the idea of "making millions of people happy," Kermit sets off on a cross-country trip to Hollywood, but is soon pursued by the villainous Doc Hopper and his shy assistant Max in an attempt to convince Kermit to be the new spokesman of his struggling French-fried frog legs restaurant franchise, at which Kermit is horrified. As Kermit continues to spurn Doc\'s advances, Hopper resorts to increasingly vicious means of persuasion. Kermit then meets Fozzie Bear, who had been working as a hapless stand-up comedian in a sleazy bar. Kermit invites Fozzie to accompany him, and the two set out in Fozzie’s Studebaker. The duo’s journey includes misadventures which introduce them to a variety of eccentric human and Muppet characters, including Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem and their manager Scooter , Gonzo and Camilla the Chicken, Sweetums , and the immediately love stricken Miss Piggy. Kermit and Miss Piggy begin a relationship over dinner that night, when Doc Hopper and Max kidnap Miss Piggy to lure Kermit into a trap. Using an electronic cerebrectomy device, mad scientist Professor Krassman , brainwashes Kermit to perform in Doc’s commercials until Miss Piggy, insulted by the Krassman, breaks free in a rage and defeats Doc Hopper\'s henchmen. After receiving a job offer, however, she promptly abandons Kermit in the restaurant alone and sad. After being joined by Rowlf the Dog, and eventually Miss Piggy once more, the Muppets continue their journey. Their car breaks down and during a campfire that night, they sadly consider that they may miss the audition tomorrow, and Gonzo cheers up most of the group with a song about his longing to find his place in the world, while Kermit wanders off, ashamed of himself for seemingly bringing his friends into a dead end, and wondering whether his dreams were really worth leaving home for. Upon consulting a more optimistic vision of himself, Kermit remembers that it was not just his friends\' belief in the dream that brought them this far, but also his own faith in himself. Reinvigorated, he returns to camp to find that the Electric Mayhem have read the script in advance, and arrived to help them the rest of the way. Just as it seems they are finally on their way, the group is warned by Max that Doc Hopper has hired an assassin to kill Kermi. Kermit decides he will not be hunted by a bully any longer and proposes a Western-style showdown in a nearby ghost town inhabited by Dr. Bunsen Honeydew and his assistant Beaker, who invent materials that have yet to be tested. While confronting Hopper, Kermit explains his motivations, attempting to appeal to Hopper’s own hopes and dreams, but Hopper is unmoved and orders his henchmen to kill him and all his friends. They are saved only when one of Dr. Bunsen\'s inventions, "insta-grow" pills, temporarily turns Animal into a giant, scaring off Hopper and his men. The Muppets proceed to Hollywood, and are hired by producer and studio executive Lew Lord . The Muppets attempt to make their first movie; a surreal pastiche of their experiences. The first take suddenly erupts into a catastophic explosion that makes a hole in the roof, through which a portion of rainbow shines through on the Muppets. The film ends as the Muppets, the characters from Sesame Street, the characters from Emmet Otter\'s Jug-Band Christmas, and the characters from "The Land of Gorch" segment of Saturday Night Live sing "Rainbow Connection." As the movie ends, Sweetums bursts through the screen having finally caught up with the rest of the Muppets.'] ['Huckleberry Finn , the half-literate son of a drunk , runs away from home and follows the Mississippi River with an escaped slave named Jim . Along the way, the duo encounter adventures with colorful characters like The King  and the Duke , two con men who impersonate British visitors in order to swindle three sisters  out of their fortune. Jim also re-educates Huck away from the racist views that he has grown up with.'] ['An underachieving bluestreak cleaner wrasse named Oscar  is fantasized about being rich and famous while making his way to work by following in his dad\'s footsteps as a tongue scrubber at the local Whale Wash. Soon after arriving he is called to the office of his boss, a puffer fish named Sykes , to discuss the fact that he owes "five thousand clams" and has to pay it back by the next day. After explaining this to his best friend Angie who is an angelfish , she offers him a chance to pay back the money by pawning a pink pearl that was a gift from her Grandmother. Oscar brings the money to the race track to meet Sykes, but becomes distracted by his wishes of grandeur and, upon hearing that the race is rigged, places it all on a long-shot bet by the name of "Lucky Day". Such a million dollar bet is noticed nearby by a beautiful lionfish named Lola , who flagrantly seduces an excited Oscar, but Oscar is very disappointed when she leaves once Sykes tells her he is a whale washer. Sykes is furious that Oscar bet the money but nonetheless agrees to see how the race turns out. Moments before their "horse", "Lucky Day" crosses the finish line he trips and falls on line. The race is lost and Oscar is set to be punished in a secluded area for his impulsiveness. Meanwhile, on another side of the ocean, in the wreck of the RMS Titanic, a family of criminally-inclined great white sharks has a problem with one of their sons, Lenny   . Lenny refuses to act the part of a killer and wishes to not have to live up to those expectations. Finally his father, Don Lino  loses patience and orders Lenny\'s more savage big brother Frankie  to show Lenny the ropes. As the two sharks set out to go in accordance with their father\'s wishes, Frankie spots the scene where Oscar is being electrocuted by Ernie and Bernie , Sykes\' two Jamaican Physalia physalis thugs, and sends Lenny off to attack. The jellyfish spot Lenny and swim off, leaving Oscar alone with him. Lenny frees Oscar but fails to trick Frankie, who becomes annoyed and charges at Oscar when an anchor falls and kills him. Lenny flees, overcome with grief and guilt. As no one saw the deed done and Oscar was seen near the body, everyone thinks he did it, and Oscar sees this as the chance to both redeem himself and receive his fame. Oscar comes back to the city with a new title of the Sharkslayer. Sykes becomes his manager, Lola becomes his girlfriend, and Oscar moves to the "top of the reef" to live in luxury. At the same time, Don Lino has everyone out looking for Lenny, and when several get close to Oscar\'s town the other fish expect him to drive them away. On the way he meets Lenny once more who forces Oscar to let him stay with him because he does not want to go home. Soon Angie finds out about the lie and threatens to tell everyone but Oscar and Lenny convince her to keep quiet. Although Oscar desires to please everyone, he soon discovers that he pleases no one; his paramour Angie is heartbroken by the fact that Oscar is no longer honest, while her hedonistic rival Lola repeatedly reminds Oscar that he has her only as long as he is famous. With Don Lino planning revenge, Oscar and Lenny stage an event where Lenny pretends to terrorize the town and Oscar must defeat him, throwing him into the depths of the ocean. Though this further cements Oscar as the Sharkslayer, it greatly angers Don Lino. Oscar leaves Lola for Angie after Angie reveals that she had feelings for Oscar even before he became famous, but this leaves Lola determined to get revenge. Oscar buys some Valentine\'s Day gifts for Angie, but before he can present them to her, he finds that Don Lino has kidnapped Angie in order to force a sit-down. Lenny comes along, now disguised as a dolphin named Sebastian. They arrive at the meeting to find Lola next to Don Lino, while Angie is bound and gagged with duct tape and presented to Don Lino on a plate, who prepares to eat her if Oscar doesn\'t comply. Oscar just laughs and Lenny as "Sebastian" lunges forward to scoop Angie into his mouth, freeing her from Don Lino and giving Oscar dominance over the sharks. However, he spends too much time threatening the sharks and doesn\'t realize how much pain Lenny is in, and Angie is regurgitated onto the table. Don Lino suddenly realizes it\'s Lenny and proceeds to chase Oscar through the reef, but Oscar heads for the whale wash and ends up trapping both sharks. Given an ovation by the other fish, Oscar finally has enough and confesses that he is not a "Sharkslayer" and that it was the anchor that had killed Frankie. He then stated to Don Lino that everyone likes Lenny for the way he is, strongly urging him not to prejudge people before he knows them properly and to not make the mistake he made in prejudging his wealth. Realizing that Oscar is right, Don Lino apologizes to Lenny and reconciles with him while making peace with Oscar, stating that he and his gang bear him no ill will. Oscar forsakes all the wealth he has acquired, makes peace with the sharks, becomes manager of the Whale Wash , and starts dating Angie and starts to have a happy, honest life. In the post-credits scene, Lola comes to see Oscar in the top of the reef, wanting to make amends with him for what she did, but all she finds is a hermit named Crazy Joe waiting for her.'] ["It's Christmas Eve, and Pooh and his friends from the Hundred Acre Wood are waiting that night. But now they have to help Santa Claus. Watch Winnie-the-Pooh, Darby, Buster, Tigger in their big mission."] ['Professor Ned Brainard\'s discovery of Flubber has not quite brought him or his college the riches he thought. The Pentagon has declared his discovery to be top secret and the IRS has slapped him with a huge tax bill, even if he has yet to receive a cent. He thinks he may have found the solution in the form of "Flubbergas,"  which can change the weather, by making it rain inside people\'s houses, as well as in one car, too, which causes Shelby Ashton\'s car to get into an accident with a police car. The professor did this action in revenge for Shelby\'s interfering with his wife Betsy. It also helps Medfield College\'s football team to win a game, but it also has one unfortunate side effect: It shatters glass, which eventually places Brainard on the lam. At home, his wife Betsy is jealous of the attention lavished on him by an old high school girlfriend. On trial, Ned\'s future seems hopeless, until a farmer shows the court that his crops grew extra large because of Ned\'s experiment, which the farmer declares is called "Dry Rain", and the professor is acquitted.'] [' Kiki is a 13-year-old witch-in-training, living in a village where her mother is the resident herbalist. It is traditional for witches to live for a year alone when they reach 13 years of age. In the opening of the story, Kiki takes off for the big city with her best friend Jiji, a loquacious black cat.  Kiki settles in Koriko, a port city. After a hard start, mostly because of her own insecurity, Kiki finds friends and a place to stay. But she has only one witch\'s skill: her ability to fly on a broom, at which she is still not fully proficient. So, in order to support herself, she begins a delivery service. Kiki experiences setbacks, and she must contend with adolescent worries. She is pursued by Tombo, a local boy crazy about aviation who has developed a genuine respect for her flying power and a strong liking for Kiki as a girl in general. Kiki eventually warms up to him, but after an unpleasant encounter with Tombo\'s friends, some of whom she had met earlier under unfavorable circumstances, Kiki\'s powers to fly and speak with Jiji suddenly diminish and ultimately disappear, leaving her devastated. However, one of her friends, a young painter named Ursula, invites her to stay in her forest cottage, where she analyzes Kiki\'s current crisis as "some form of artist\'s block." Since many things had not gone as hoped for, Kiki is experiencing such a period, which resulted in the loss of her powers; but if she finds a new purpose, she will be able to reclaim what she has lost. Heartened, Kiki returns to the city. While visiting one of her customers, she witnesses an accident on the television. A strong and sudden gust of wind blows in the area. Tombo is lifted into the air and blown away hanging from a dirigible. In her desperation to save him, Kiki pushes herself to regain her flying ability. Improvising with a street-sweeper\'s push broom, Kiki reactivates her power and rescues Tombo. During the credits, Kiki is now comfortably part of the life in Koriko as its own local celebrity and flying in formation with Tombo on his human-powered aircraft, a propeller-rigged bicycle and Osono gives birth to her first child. Kiki sends a letter to her parents about gaining confidence through difficulties and that she has decided to make this city her new home.'] ["The film, which has a music score but almost no dialogue, tells of Pascal , who, on his way to school one morning, discovers a large helium-filled red balloon. As Pascal plays with his new found toy, he realizes the balloon has a mind and will of its own. It begins to follow him wherever he goes, at times floating outside his bedroom window as Pascal's mother will not allow it in their apartment. The red balloon follows Pascal through the streets of Paris, and the pair draw inquisitive looks from adults and the envy of other children as they wander the streets. At one point the balloon enters Pascal's classroom, causing an uproar from the other pupils. The noise alerts the principal, who becomes angry with Pascal and locks him up in his office until school is over. At another, Pascal and his balloon encounter a little girl  with a blue balloon that also seems to have a mind of its own. In their wanderings around the neighborhood, Pascal and the balloon encounter a gang of bullies, who are envious of his balloon, and they soon destroy his new friend. The film ends as the other balloons in Paris come to Pascal's aid and take him on a cluster balloon ride over the city as the narrator states that other balloons took Pascal up to a magical world where balloons and children can be friends forever."] ['Carmen and her younger brother Juni Cortez live with their parents, Ingrid and Gregorio, whom they believe are boring, unaware that their parents are actually semi-retired international spies, working for an organization called the OSS . Originally, Ingrid and Gregorio were enemies who were assigned to eliminate each other, but ended up falling in love and later got married. The two of them retired from the spy life prior to having children. Carmen\'s main concern in life is with the unwelcome responsibility of babysitting Juni, and therefore she is usually mean to him. However, underneath her abusive exterior, Carmen is hiding secrets of her own: she skips school, and has to wear diapers at night due to having problems with bedwetting. She is desperate to keep both of these problems secret, especially from her brother. Juni lacks self-esteem and is a fan of a children\'s television show called "Floop\'s Fooglies." Hosted by Fegan Floop and co-starring the Fooglies—colorful, mutant, gibberish speaking friends of Floop—the show proves to be an irritant to Gregorio, who openly displays his dislike for the program. When he suspects the show is involved in the disappearance of several fellow spies, Ingrid and Gregorio decide to investigate and leave their children in the care of "Uncle" Felix Gumm, a man not actually their uncle but, rather, a family guardian. Ingrid and Gregorio are captured by Floop\'s men, the ever idiotic Thumb-Thumbs, robots with thumbs for legs, arms and heads that wear red vests. Carmen and Juni discover the truth about their parents when they find that their parents have been kidnapped. In Floop\'s island castle, the entertainer is reluctantly assisting a businessman named Mr. Lisp in creating an army of superstrong robots, using the children of world leaders as a disguise, to conquer the world. The robots were constructed by Floop\'s servant Alexander Minion. An item named the Third Brain is required to power the robots, or at least give them the ability to speak and think. Ingrid and Gregorio were brought in, due to Gregorio being one of the scientists who created the Third Brain and hid it, although he refuses to give the hiding place. Floop\'s minions invade the Cortez home, although Carmen and Juni escape while Felix is captured, but not before he tells the children the truth about their parents. The children flee to a safe house where they decide to become spies, until Ms. Gradenko, a fellow spy, arrives to help them. It is revealed that Third Brain is hidden in the house and that Gradenko is in allegiance with Lisp. The children escape but soon encounter robotic clones of themselves who steal the Third Brain and deliver it to Minion, who takes command of the robots and imprisons Floop in the Virtual Room where his show is usually filmed. Carmen and Juni locate Gregorio\'s estranged older brother and inventor, Machete, who harbors bitter feelings against his younger brother, similar to the feelings Carmen harbored toward Juni; Machete was apparently forced to watch over Gregorio and left him because of this, and refuses to help the children. With no support from their uncle, the children sneak away to rescue their parents on their own, stealing a map of Floop\'s castle and a spy plane to get them there. Their sibling rivalry comes to a head, however, when Carmen\'s continuing criticisms and name-calling pushes Juni to retaliate by calling her "diaper lady," starting a quarrel that almost crashes the plane. As they work together to safely land the craft, Juni reveals that he had always been aware of Carmen\'s nighttime bedwetting, but kept that knowledge to himself at their mother\'s insistence. Having come to an understanding of each other as brother and sister, their relationship begins to improve from this point on. The two make it to the castle and search for their parents. Juni finds Floop and frees him, convincing him to help them and explaining what was missing from his TV show- children. Carmen, Juni and Floop free Ingrid and Gregorio and then confront Minion, trapping him in a machine that creates the Fooglies on the children\'s show . Minion deliberately starts the machine but escapes before he becomes a Fooglie, altering his appearance with three extra heads and combined hands with multiple fingers. The spies confront Gradenko, Minion and Lisp and are attacked by their 500-man army of child robots. Machete arrives to help, later on claiming he came back for the same reason he left, meaning that he was told to watch over his brother. Floop rewrites the children\'s minds to make them act like children, saving the Cortez family and causing the children to play with Gradenko, Minion and Lisp, tossing them around in the air. Gregorio and Machete reform their brotherly relationship, with both of them claiming neither of them even remembering why Machete left, and Floop redesigns his show with Minion and the robotic Carmen and Juni as his new characters. The leader of the OSS, Devlin, offers the Cortez children jobs as spies, to which Carmen responds that the spywork is easy, while keeping their Cortez family together is the hardest mission of all. Having adopted a stronger value of family unity, she demands that they be allowed to work together as a family.'] ['At the suggestion of their teacher, fourth grade schoolchildren in imaginary "Jabukovac, near Veliko Selo", create an association and organize a field trip to the nearby town. There, they eat chocolate in a chocolate factory and spend the evening at a movie theater. As they are supposed to return to their village, their teacher gets ill and must stay in a hospital. The children travel back alone, and the train gets blocked by a snowdrift. With the help of the children, the railroad workers manage to clear the way.'] ["Max Doyle  is an 11-year-old whose love of performing magic disappoints his father  and draws ridicule from his older brother, Colin . While doing laundry in the basement, Max hears voices. While investigating the source of the sound, he sees a hand come out of the wall. A hidden tunnel behind the wall happens to harbor the evil Phears  and his cadre of ghosts. Phears is intent on freeing himself and his minions from the world of ghosts to inhabit the physical world but will be able to do so only on Halloween. Later, Max finds the ghosts of two children, Nicky  and Tara Roland , have suddenly come to occupy his room. They explain that they need his help in learning who they are, how they came to be ghosts, and what has happened to their parents.Although they cannot be seen by anyone but Max, they are able to interact with objects in the physical world. This allows them to frighten a boy who has been bullying Max at school. Shortly thereafter, Tara and Nicky learn it was Phears who killed their parents and now holds the ghosts of their parents captive. During rehearsal of Max's magic show, Tara is captured by Phears. Max tells Nicky about it and suggests Nicky throw him into the basement tunnel to find her. The same way people see no ghosts, ghosts cannot see Max. He retrieves a box from Tara that contains a ring to defeat the evil ghosts, but Phears prevents her from escaping with him. Traci , a girl Max has been crushing on, becomes his assistant for his magic show. They perform with the help of Nicky moving objects around, making it appears Max is actually moving them with his magic. On Halloween, Phears finally breaks the tunnel wall and crashes the show. There, Max chants the spell  and Phears minions are sent back to the depths of the earth but Phears himself escapes in the form of a roach without anyone seeing him."] ['Bibble is worried that he will embarrass himself and won\'t belong with his friend\'s friends, so Elina  tells him the story of Mariposa, a butterfly fairy who lives in far-off Flutterfield, a remote kingdom in Fairytopia populated by fairies with butterfly wings. Henna, the evil butterfly fairy and the attendant of the queen of Flutterfield, has poisoned the queen in an attempt to take over the kingdom. Due to this, the lights protecting Flutterfield are in danger of going out, as they go out only when the queen is dead. These lights protect Flutterfield from the "Skeezites", monsters who eat butterfly fairies,and are afraid of light. It is up to Mariposa and her friends/employers, Rayna and Rayla, to find an antidote to save the queen. They first travel according to the map, but when night falls, they are far from Flutterfield, and the Skeezites appear. They engage in a long chase scene, but Mariposa, Rayna and Rayla escape through a gate of red plants. However, the map gets chomped by an Skeezite. Mariposa remembers that there was a sun picture on the map, and she concludes that they should travel east, as toward the rising sun. They then arrive at the Wilderness, and encounter a little flying rabbit named Zinzie, who is a great thrower and loves fluttercorn, and leads them to a mermaid statue in exchange for a packet of fluttercorn. They end up all diving into a lake and find mermaids. Mariposa asks them to tell her the whereabouts of the Cave of Reflections, and the mermaids agree to help them, but they ask for one thing in exchange: Concho shells. However, little merbabies are sleeping and use these shells as pillows, and it is revealed that if you wake the baby, the baby cries and wakes a sea monster. Rayla finds a plant, and wraps it until it bears the shape of the conch shells. They gently swap the shells with the plant, but one of the babies is tickled on the nose by a little leaf that was not wrapped properly, and the baby wakes and starts crying. This wakes the other babies, who as well start crying, waking the sea monster. While Mariposa delivers the concho shells to the mermaids, Rayna, Zinzie and Rayla try to escape the sea monster by swimming in different directions. The mermaids help in the end, and they all escape the sea monster. Meanwhile, Queen Marabella has fallen ill, and the guards captured the prince who was trying to find the antidote. The Queen\'s captain of the guards holds him in an conversation, and another fairy sought the prince and freed him. That fairy is Willa, Mariposa\'s best friend. She tells the prince that she has spotted Henna doing evil things. So they decide to follow her, and the two find out that she had taken control over Skeezites by mixing a strange liquid and thistleburst; moreover, they discover that Henna was plotting to take over Flutterfield all this time. The mermaids tell the four braves where to find the Cave of Reflections, and they fly towards it eagerly, but find that the cave was guarded by Skeezites. Zinzie manages to trick the Skeezites, and the four escape into the cave. There, they find their reflections talking back to themselves. They finally meet the Fairy of the Cave, who leads the group to different sections, where she proclaims each time "one of you must stay behind". Mariposa was left as the last one, and the cave fairy guides her toward a place filled with stars. She tells that one star hold the antidote she needs. Mariposa eventually finds one , in which she used the archer\'s star pattern to locate it. This hints that this was the correct star, and for that reason, Mariposa is presented with larger, more beautiful sparkling wings. The four heroines arrive back just in time when the Skeezites start attacking everyone at the Royal fairy castle. Mariposa eventually discovers that it was Henna who poisoned the queen, so she races to cure her with the antidote. Henna tries stopping Mariposa from foiling her plans, but Mariposa eventually manages to heal Marabella before she dies. Henna leaves and goes away with the Skeezites under the pretense of not getting caught, thus fleeing from the light. After the big save, Queen Marabella presents each of the heroines with a crown of flowers. Since then, Mariposa felt she belonged, having learned that being herself is the best thing in life.'] ['Moe and the Big Exit tells the story of Moses, or Moe for short , a cowboy living a privileged life while his relatives dig the Grand Canyon as slaves. After Moe stands up to the zucchini foreman who are over his family, he ends up accidentally causing the official to fall down the Grand Canyon and drown in the Colorado River. Guilty of his mistake he escapes to the hills fearing for his safety. After a time, he runs from a bear and jumps into a well only to pulled out by a Native American named Sally and her buffalo Zippy. Moe soon meets Sally\'s parents and eventually marries her. Some years later, a "burning tumbleweed" appears before Moe and tells him to return to Dodgeball City and save his people. Talking to the tumbleweed, Moe explains that he can\'t speak in public and "imagining them in their underwear never worked". The tumbleweed then tells him that someone to speak for him will be sent, so Moe sets off for Dodge Ball City wearing a masked costume so as to not be recognized. While going through the desert, he finds his brother Aaron  who works as a souvenir salesman. Arriving in Dodge Ball City with Aaron, Moe tells the mayor  to "let my people go." However, the mayor rejects his demands and trouble ensues . Finally the Mayor lets Moe\'s relatives leave. Having second thoughts, the Mayor chases after them with his carrot army. Moe lifts his stick in the air and yells "Hi - Ho Sliver Away" and before them it starts snowing. The mayor tries running after them, but the snow melts and Mayor and his army are left in the frying sun. Sally and her family run to Moe and are reunited again.'] ["Dustin , Albert  and Mark  are 12-year-old friends looking forward to Summer fun in 1970. Dustin likes a girl named Tanya , and so he wants to ask her on a date, but he is nervous because he has never asked anyone out before. Dustin's main obstacle is the town bully, Nick , who also likes Tanya. When Dustin mows the lawn of 75-year-old Jonathan Sperry , a man he has seen at church, the two become friends. Mr. Sperry begins a Bible study with Dustin and his friends, and encourages them to be kind to Nick. Sperry also pays Dustin to mow the lawn of a stubborn, elderly neighbor, Mr. Barnes , although Dustin is told not to let Mr. Barnes know the benefactor of this kindness. Throughout the summer, many other boys in the neighborhood get involved in the Bible study, including Nick, who is remorseful and turns from his bullying ways after a couple of encounters with Mr. Sperry. Meanwhile, Dustin finally gets the courage to tell Tanya how much he likes her, but instead of asking her to be his girlfriend, he suggests she start reading the Bible. Then one day, Dustin rides his bicycle by Mr. Sperry’s house and discovers a crowd has gathered there and Mr. Sperry had died. After the funeral, Mr. Barnes visits Dustin to thank him for mowing his lawn, and to tell him he figured out Mr. Sperry was his motivation. Mr. Barnes tearfully calls Mr. Sperry a great example of a Christian man. After this visit, Dustin’s mother reveals the secret background between Mr. Sperry and Mr. Barnes. Mr. Sperry’s wife had died four years earlier in an auto accident caused by an inebriated Mr. Barnes. Inspired by Mr. Sperry’s kindness after such heartbreak, Dustin decides to continue the Bible study with the neighborhood boys, repeating one of Mr. Sperry’s first lessons with Dustin and his two friends."] [' Snoopy and the rest of the Peanuts gang go to the beach for the day. Once there, Snoopy promises to go back to the beach the next day to meet up with Peppermint Patty. After Charlie Brown has gone home to play Monopoly with the others, he notices Snoopy is late, but does not take note of it. The next day, Snoopy is thrown off the beach due to a new "No Dogs Allowed" rule. Then Snoopy gets thrown out of a library due to a "No Dogs Allowed" rule. He then gets into a fight with Linus over his blanket, and later beats Lucy in a boxing match. Later, Snoopy receives a letter from a girl named Lila, who has been in the hospital for three weeks  and needs Snoopy to keep her company. Upon receiving the letter, Snoopy immediately sets off with a small yellow bird, whose name is Woodstock, the newest member in the Peanuts gang, introduced in this part, to go see her, leaving Charlie Brown completely in the dark as to who Lila is. Linus decides to do some investigating, and discovers that Lila is Snoopy\'s original owner; Charlie Brown faints upon hearing this. En route to see Lila, Snoopy and Woodstock are forced to face the challenges of a world full of signs declaring "No Dogs Allowed." Each instance - on a bus, a train, and elsewhere - is musically accented by the deep tones of Thurl Ravenscroft. The pair are briefly adopted as pets by an annoying girl , but manage to escape. Snoopy and Woodstock camp out, and play football and music while preparing dinner. Snoopy finally reaches the hospital but, again, no dogs are allowed inside. To add further insult, the hospital does not allow birds to enter either. Snoopy is foiled in his first attempt to sneak into Lila\'s room, but his second attempt is successful. He then keeps Lila company for the rest of her stay. Lila claims Snoopy\'s visit helped her to get better. She then asks Snoopy to go home with her, but he has doubts about this idea. Snoopy decides to go back home to Charlie Brown. However, upon seeing her watching him tearfully from her hospital window, Snoopy grudgingly runs back to her, which she takes as a sign that he wants to live with her. But first, he needs to return to "settle his affairs" and say goodbye. Snoopy writes a letter directing that certain items of his will be given away: Linus is given his croquet set and chess set, while Schroeder receives Snoopy\'s record collection. The kids throw Snoopy a large, tearful going-away party, each one bringing a gift. The kids closest to Snoopy get up to say a few words in his honor. But when it is Charlie Brown\'s turn to speak, he is overwhelmed to the point of silence. He finally bursts into tears with Snoopy doing likewise. The rest of the gang, even Lucy, eventually follows suit when Schroeder plays "It\'s a Long Way to Tipperary" on his piano. Snoopy opens his mountain of presents . After Snoopy leaves, Charlie Brown is unable to sleep or eat. When Snoopy arrives at Lila\'s apartment building the next day, he sees a sign next to the front door that says "No dogs allowed in this building". Lila arrives, and Snoopy is reluctantly introduced to her pet cat. Snoopy shows Lila the sign, which releases him from his obligation to Lila. He then leaves Lila behind and joyfully returns to Charlie Brown and the others. Back home, the children are overjoyed to see Snoopy return, carrying him on high to his dog house. Once there, Snoopy demands that the kids return the items he had given them before he left, turning their feelings to annoyance. The gang then leaves Charlie Brown and Snoopy together. The film ends with end credits being typed out by Woodstock, as Snoopy dictates.'] ['The movie begins when Gohan and Oolong search for the Dragon Balls that have all been gathered in the frozen Tsumisumbri Mountains, but before they reach them, Shenron is summoned by Dr. Kochin who wishes that his mentor, Dr. Wheelo, to be released from his icy prison. Gohan and Oolong are then attacked by Kochin\'s Biomen, but are saved by Piccolo. As Gohan and Oolong escape however, Piccolo is captured by Dr. Kochin\'s three Bio-Warriors. Later, Master Roshi is faced by Dr. Kochin\'s Biomen and defeats them all in battle, but the Biomen kidnap Master Roshi and Bulma, thinking that Roshi is the world\'s strongest and a suitable body for Dr. Wheelo, whose own body was destroyed, leaving him only as a brain. Roshi is tested by Dr. Kochin\'s three Bio Warriors, and proves to be worthy, but is ultimately defeated. Bulma inadvertently reveals that Goku is the strongest, just as the Earth\'s hero approaches the fortress on the Nimbus Cloud to save his friends. As soon as Goku arrives, he is attacked by the Bio Warrior Misokatsun, who has a large rubber body. After knocking him down, Goku races inside the fortress and is attacked by large flying balls with spikes. After dodging several of them, Goku fires rapid energy blasts and destroys all of the spikes. Misokattsun then attacks again, but Goku uses the Kaioken attack and flies right through the Bio-Warrior, deflating him. On the higher level, Goku is attacked by Kishime and Ebifurya, and holds his own for a while, but is then shocked by Kishime\'s electric rods and frozen solid by Ebifurya\'s icy attack. Gohan and Krillin then arrive to help, but are soon shocked and frozen also. However, Goku uses the Kaioken again, freeing him from his icy prison, and he easily takes out the two Bio-Warriors. They then arrive at Dr. Wheelo\'s lab where Bulma is being held, but run into Piccolo, who has been brainwashed. Goku and Piccolo then fight each other, but Gohan\'s anger causes the mind-controlling device on Piccolo to break. Dr. Kochin tries to shoot Krillin and Bulma with his machine gun-arm, but is beaten by Roshi. Dr. Wheelo then breaks out of the wall, revealing his brain to be inside a huge robot and destroying Kochin in the process, revealing him to be a robot as well. Goku, Gohan, Krillin, Piccolo, and Roshi then fight Dr. Wheelo together, but are unable to win. Goku refuses to give up however, and he decides then to attack Dr. Wheelo with the Kaioken x3. He manages to break Dr. Wheelo\'s right arm off and is about to finish him off with the Kamehameha wave when Dr. Wheelo counters it with a blast of his own. Right as Dr. Wheelo is about to win the beam struggle however, Goku uses the Kaioken x4. He then overpowers Dr. Wheelo\'s blast and shoots him through his laboratory\'s ceiling, into space. The Castle gets destroyed, with Goku panting as his shirt gets torn off. All is thought to be over but Dr. Wheelo is still alive and well. Goku senses this and decides the only way to kill Dr. Wheelo is to form a Spirit Bomb. Dr. Wheelo then begins to rain blasts of energy down from space from his claw, which ends up hitting Goku while he is making his Spirit Bomb. This sends Gohan into a rage, and he starts to fly up into the atmosphere to attack Dr. Wheelo, who is already on his way down to earth. Piccolo arrives to assist Gohan, as does Krillin. Gohan and Piccolo stop Dr. Wheelo\'s descent while Krillin attempts to attack him to no avail. Piccolo attacks Dr. Wheelo with a mouth beam, severely cracking his visor. Back on Earth, Goku is still alive and he launches the Spirit Bomb up into space. Dr. Wheelo out of anger then attempts to destroy the entire planet with the energy built up in his laboratory\'s power core. He fires off a massive red laser from his entire body down to earth, but Goku\'s Spirit Bomb collides with the laser, bursting through it, and it hits Dr. Wheelo. He is sent spiraling off into space on a jagged wave of energy where he explodes multiple times until he is no more. In the aftermath of the battle, Piccolo responds to Goku and the others\' celebration by saying Gohan deserved all the credit, and the movie ends with everyone laughing  at how Dr. Wheelo thought that Master Roshi was the strongest man in the world.  {{nihongo}} is a brilliant scientist who performed experiments in biotechnology. He is the primary antagonist of the movie The World\'s Strongest. His name is a pun on "Uiro", a type of Japanese cake. Dr. Wheelo\'s ultimate goal was to modify the human race using his science. He was about to die before he could realize his goal, but Dr. Kochin, his faithful servant, saved his brain and turned him into a cyborg. Unfortunately for them, their fortress became stuck under ice with Wheelo inside. Dr. Kochin came through for his creator a second time fifty years later when he gathered the Dragon Balls and wished for Shenron to thaw the ice-enshrouded fortress. Freed from his frozen sleep, Dr. Wheelo became obsessed with finding the world\'s strongest man, but his own brain might be transplanted into it. He sent Kochin and Bio-Men to find this man, and at first they thought it was Master Roshi, but when Kishime, Misokatsun and Ebifurya  easily beat Roshi, Dr. Wheelo started to doubt they had the right person. He then went after Goku\'s body. When Dr. Wheelo\'s further attempts to subdue Goku met with failure , the enraged scientist decided to kill him and all his friends. When that also failed, Dr. Wheelo decided to just concentrate the energy contained within his laboratory\'s power core to fire a gigantic wave and destroy the entire world. Goku was able to form a Spirit Bomb and used it to overpower Dr. Wheelo\'s attack and destroy the robotic scientist for good. Dr. Wheelo also appears on the Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn poster, but he is not featured in the movie.'] ['In Beverly Hills, California, Heiress Vivian Ashe leaves her richly pampered pet chihuahua, Chloe, with her irresponsible niece, Rachel, when she is leaving to a business trip. Papi, who is another Chihuahua with an independent kind of personality, has a crush on Chloe, which she constantly rejects. However, when Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends, Chloe tries to find her when Rachel leaves her alone in the hotel room. She gets dognapped and is sent to the dog fights in Mexico City, and meets a street-smart German Shepherd named Delgado, a former police dog who was retired after he lost his sense of smell. Delgado helps her escape the dog fights, unleashes the other dogs from their cages, unlocks the ring to allow both Chloe and himself and attempts to get her back to Beverly Hills safely. El Diablo, a fierce Argentinean mix Bolivian Doberman Pinscher, is sent by the dog fight ringleader to capture Chloe for the reward that Rachel has sent out. Chloe and Delgado eventually arrive in Chihuahua and escape from El Diablo, whose masters get arrested by the police after a long turn of events in the city. Chloe returns safely to Beverly Hills and starts a romantic relationship with Papi, while Delgado returns to being a police dog.'] ["Standing Ovation tells the story of The Five Ovations: five middle school friends who form a singing group to compete in a national music video contest. The group encounter their share of ups and downs, especially with their arch rivals, The Wiggies, a group composed of five talented sisters who, together with their wealthy parents, will do anything to sabotage the Ovations' chances of competing for the grand prize of $1 million. Armed with nothing but talent, passion and street smarts, the 5 Ovations find something more valuable at the end of their quest: that perseverance, family and friendship are instrumental in fulfilling your dreams."] ['The film focuses on a group of elementary students in Syracuse, New York, led by Natalie Brandston , who get a snow day, and try to keep their school snowed-in and closed by stopping a snow plow driver known as "Snowplow man"  from plowing the streets. Meanwhile, her older brother Hal ([[Mark Webber  tries to win the heart of high school sweetheart Claire Bonner , with the help of his best friend, Lane Leonard . Also, their dad Tom Brandston  is a TV meteorologist who must face off against a rival meteorologist, Chad Symmonz ([[John Schneider , in order to have the right of continuing his weather career. Laura , the workaholic mother, is stuck at home with Randy, her mischievous son. Eventually, Natalie and her friends  take over the plow and "unplow" the streets . After endless love demonstrations,  Hal finds out he, in fact, loves Lane. Tom unmasks Chad on live TV, showing the viewers he is fake, winning his status back. And Laura takes the day off from work to look after Randy.'] ["Bayu  is a sixth-year student who lives with his mother Wahyuni  and his grandfather Usman ; Bayu's father, an athlete turned taxi driver, died in a car accident several years before. Although Bayu wishes to be a football player like his father before him, Usman insists that he should be an artist; the grandfather enrols Bayu in numerous courses to improve his skills in the arts. Bayu sneaks in football practice with the help of his friend, the wheelchair-bound Heri , as well as Heri's driver Bang Dulloh . They find an old, empty cemetery to practise in and the guardian of the cemetery, Zahra  allows them to use it and supports Bayu's goal. Bayu is soon discovered by a coach at the local Arsenal School , which gives him a chance to play for Indonesia's National Under-13 Team. When Usman discovers that Bayu has been practising football, he pressures his grandson to quit. Bayu does not, and eventually Usman relents. Eventually Bayu is accepted as a member of the national squad, whom he helps win a tournament."] ['During the early Victorian period, in the town of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh, England, Irishman Matthew Mugg  takes his young friend Tommy Stubbins ([[William Dix  to visit eccentric Doctor John Dolittle. It is Matthew\'s wish that the Doctor tend to an injured duck Tommy has found and upon arrival, Tommy finds that Dolittle, a former people\'s physician, lives with a houseful of animals - pigs, sheep, goats, ducks, horses, cows, a chimpanzee named Chee-Chee , a dog named Jip, and a talking parrot named Polynesia  among them. The night is stormy, so Tommy and Matthew stay with Dolittle. He tells them the story of how he learned to speak animal languages, 497 to be exact. He was once a doctor, but he preferred animals to people. He kept a menagerie, which was causing havoc and losing him patients. A casual comment by Polynesia revealed that animals can talk to each other, prompting Dolittle to study the languages of the animals so that he could become an animal doctor instead. The following day, a short sighted horse named Tubble seeks Dolittle\'s assistance, but the horse\'s owner - General Bellowes  - takes offence to Dolittle\'s notions of talking animals. Bellowes\' niece Emma Fairfax  chides Dolittle for his irresponsibility and rudeness to her uncle. Dr. Dolittle is unmoved, however, and she storms off in a huff. For Matthew, by contrast, it is love at first sight. He nicknames her Fred on the spot, due to her wishing she were a man, with the power to punish Dr. Dolittle, and when she has gone, he admits he finds her attractive. Long Arrow, a friend of Dolittle\'s, sends him the rare two-headed Pushmi-pullyu, a creature that looks like a llama with a head on each end of its body, from Tibet. Matthew, Tommy and Dolittle take the creature to a nearby circus, run by the lovable yet greedy Albert Blossom , who makes the Pushmi-Pullyu the star attraction. Meanwhile, the doctor befriends a circus seal named Sophie who longs to return to her husband. He disguises her in women\'s clothing, sneaks her away, and throws her into the ocean from some cliffs. However, two fishermen mistake the seal for a woman, and haul Doctor Dolittle off to court. Dolittle is horrified to learn that General Bellowes is the judge. Dolittle proves he can converse with animals, but the judge and jury agree that Dr. Dolittle belongs in a lunatic asylum. Dolittle\'s friends break him out of prison, and he, Matthew, Tommy, Polynesia, Chee-Chee and Jip take the doctor\'s ship, the Flounder, out onto the ocean to search for the legendary Great Pink Sea Snail. Emma sneaks aboard as well. After sticking a hatpin at random into an atlas to determine their destination, they set their course for Sea-Star Island, a floating island. The ship is torn apart during a fierce storm, but everyone makes it to what turns out to be Sea-Star Island. Emma has arrived ahead of them, and when she and Dr. Dolittle are alone briefly, they admit they have grown to like each other. There is implication Emma has begun to fall in love with him, though the doctor simply respects her cleverness. The party is met by the natives, who are highly educated and cultured due to all the flotsam and jetsam that have floated ashore from shipwrecks over the centuries; their leader is William Shakespeare the Tenth . Sea-Star Island is endangered by climate changes due to its drifting further north than usual into colder waters. When Dolittle persuades a friendly whale to help push the island south, a balancing rock is shaken into fire mountain and the party are sentenced to "the death of ten thousand screams." However, when the whale pushes the island so that it rejoins the mainland, the doctor and his friends are freed. While treating the animals on the island, Dolittle encounters a surprise patient - the Great Pink Sea Snail itself, who has caught a severe cold. Dolittle cures him and discovers that the snail\'s shell is watertight and can carry passengers. Dolittle sends Matthew, Tommy, Emma, Polynesia, Chee-Chee, and Jip back to England with the snail. Emma finally admits her feelings for the Doctor, and kisses him goodbye. She expresses a wish to stay on the island with him, but the Doctor is adamant that a relationship would never work, though he does wish to stay in touch. Doctor Dolittle himself cannot go back, since he is still a wanted man; furthermore, he wishes to investigate the natives\' stories of the Giant Lunar Moth. As his friends leave, however, Dolittle finds he is not so impervious to feelings as he thought. Dolittle is still living amongst the tribe when Sophie the seal turns up, accompanied by her husband, with a message: the animals of England have gone on strike without him, the people have changed their views towards him, and even Bellowes has agreed to pardon him if he returns home. Dolittle and the tribesfolk then construct a saddle for the Giant Lunar Moth, and he flies back to England.'] ["In 1917, Will Stoneman's  father is killed in a mushing accident leaving Will to care for his family. Needing money for college and to save the family farm in South Dakota, Will decides to travel to Winnipeg, Manitoba to take part in a dog-sled race from Winnipeg to Saint Paul, Minnesota. With the aid of Ned Dodd , the young man prepares both physically and mentally for the harsh weather and terrain throughout the race. During the race, Will becomes popular with the newspaper media as reporter Harry Kingsley  tells about Will's strong courage in what he must do."] ['{{plot}} During the London Blitz of World War II in 1942, Peter Pan\'s former playmate, Wendy Darling, has grown up and married, and has two children a daughter, Jane, and a son, Danny. Her husband, Edward, is sent to fight in the war. She tries to keep their spirits up with stories of Peter Pan, but Jane has become cynical under the pressures of the war, belittling the stories her mother tells and unintentionally ridiculing her brother\'s faith in them. Captain Hook, still seeking revenge against Peter Pan, breaks into the Darling home. Not knowing of the number of years that have passed, Hook mistakes Jane for her mother and kidnaps her to use as bait for Peter. Back in Never Land, he drops Jane into the waiting tentacles of "the beast" , expecting Peter to also be devoured by it as he dives after "Wendy" to save her, along with Tinker Bell. Peter rescues Jane, and, upon finding she is Wendy\'s daughter, assumes she would like to follow in her mother\'s footsteps. He takes her to his home to be mother to the Lost Boys, but Jane refuses, because she is more interested in getting back home. They try to make her have fun and to teach her to fly, but she fails, because she does not believe. Jane becomes angry and blurts out that she is fed up and that she does not believe in fairies, which leaves Tinker Bell slowly dying. Peter tells the Lost Boys that if Jane doesn\'t believe, "Tink\'s light\'s gonna go out". Peter tells the boys they have to make her a part of the group. After Jane leaves them, she is approached by Hook, who tricks her with a deal. He promises to take her home and that he will not harm Peter, if she agrees to help him find his treasure. He gives Jane a whistle to signal him when she locates it. The Lost Boys search for Jane and eventually Peter finds her. Jane suggests they play a game of "treasure hunt". Peter and the Lost Boys show her how they have fun and she begins to change her serious image and learns to have fun too. When Jane finds the treasure, she takes the whistle Hook gave her and throws it away, refusing to help him. Peter and the Lost Boys make Jane the very first Lost Girl to which she is very moved by and they celebrate. However, one of the Lost Boys finds the whistle and blows it. Hook and his crew arrive, and captures Peter Pan and the Lost Boys, but let Jane go as thanks for "helping" them. Despite Jane denying she wanted to help Hook in this way, Peter calls her a traitor and tells her that because she does not believe in fairies Tinker Bell is dying. Jane rushes to the Lost Boys\' home, but gets to Tinker Bell too late. Jane breaks down into tears realizing it is her fault Tinker Bell is gone. Jane\'s new-found belief, however, revives Tinker Bell at the last minute. They both hurry to the Jolly Roger, where they find the Lost Boys tied up and Peter  about to walk the plank. Jane saves him, and with the help of "faith, trust, and pixie dust", she learns to fly and unties Peter, Hooks ship sinks leaving him and the pirates to exit via a rowboat.Now that she can fly, Jane is able to return home to Wendy and Danny. While Jane reconciles with Danny, Wendy and Peter meet again, for the first time in years. Though Peter is disappointed that she has grown up, Wendy assures him that she has not really changed. Edward returns from the army and the family is reunited. Peter Pan and Tinker Bell watch for a few seconds before they quietly fly home.'] ['In the late 21st century, Spacely Sprockets and Spindles has opened a new mining colony on an asteroid. The proposed project is meant to produce product at 1/10 the cost of making the items on Earth. However, the factory continues to be sabotaged by someone or something, and as Cosmo Spacely  checks up on the \'Orbiting-Ore Asteroid\' again, the latest head of the factory, Alexander Throttlebottom, has run off, making it four managers of the new plant that Spacely\'s lost so far. Fearing for his company , Spacely names George Jetson  as Throttlebottom\'s successor and sends George and his family to the plant. While the family is thoroughly upset from having to have been thrown from their normal life style , they set up apartments on the adjoining apartment community to the Asteroid and its neighboring shopping complex. While it takes the family time to adjust, Elroy Jetson  meets a robot boy named Teddy-2 , whom he first is at odds with, but eventually befriends. Teddy-2\'s father, Rudy-2 , is the plant engineer and shows George around. Judy Jetson ([[Tiffany , meanwhile, is having a hard time adjusting, and accepting the fact that she lost her chance at a date with rock star Cosmic Cosmo  , but soon feels better after meeting a teenage boy named Apollo Blue . George soon figures he\'s ready to set the plant running again, and Mr. Spacely is all set to see the plant working full-throttle, and soon to churn out the 1,000,000th Spacely Sprocket. However, the opening day festivities give way to panic as the factory is sabotaged once again. Over the next several days, George and Rudy-2 try to fix things, but the problems persist, to the point that Mr. Spacely heads on up to check on things. Thinking he has to take charge, George stays overnight, only to fall asleep and be taken off by the mysterious saboteurs. Elroy, Teddy-2, and their neighbor Fergie Furbelow  sneak into the plant, and meet Squeep , a member of an adorable-looking alien race known as Grungees. Squeep tells them  that the factory is actually drilling into his people\'s community, which is based inside the asteroid. Soon, Jane, Judy, Apollo, Rudy-2, and Astro show up, and realize what is happening as well. George is found hog-tied in the Grungee\'s colony, and soon realizes just what the factory is doing. But Spacely doesn\'t; seeing his factory at a stand-still, he starts it up , nearly burying Elroy and Squeep alive under rubble, and prompting everyone in the asteroid to get top-side, where George manages to shut down the factory, and show his boss exactly what he\'s doing. After some talk, when George finally stands up to his boss, telling him that all he cares about is money, they come to an agreement: the Grungees will run the plant, and create new Spacely Sprockets through recycling old ones . Spacely Sprockets reaches the 1,000,000th sprocket, and when George asks about being vice president, Spacely retorts, stating that "he\'s lucky that he\'ll be getting his old job back". Only when pressured by everyone else does he reluctantly promote him to vice president . George however knows that with the Grungees now running the plant, he is no longer needed as head of the Asteroid and will have to return home. The Jetsons then bid their new friends a tearful goodbye, and head back to their apartment on Earth. As the family passes over the factory, the Grungees arrange themselves to form the words: "THANKS GEORGE," as a final grateful goodbye to George for saving their home.'] ['When the dinosaur families get trapped in a valley by an ice storm, one family of "spiketail" dinosaurs volunteers to leave since they consume more food than the others. Meanwhile, the young dinos and a new adult dinosaur named Mr. Thicknose, a Pachyrhinosaurus, who professes to be a know-it-all, head out to bring back their friend Spike, who has left his friends to be with members of his own species.'] ['When the show begins, we see Larry wearing a paper bag over his head, with eye holes cut out and a frowning face drawn on. When Bob asks Larry about this, Larry explains that before the show he stopped at a local fast food restaurant for lunch. When he got his meal he sang a prayer over his food, thanking God for his food. Larry is now feeling embarrassed because the kids in the next booth laughed at him for doing this. Bob decides to devote this show to Larry\'s problem. The story opens with a child Minnesota Cuke chasing after the three Scallions who have stolen the Muskie of 47\' Minn manages to retrieve the Muskie, albeit briefly, as the Scallions steal it back. The scene then shifts to show an adult Minnesota who is still trying to retrieve the Muskie but continues to fail before being taunted by citizens. Later, Mister Humphry Muffet sends Minn on a quest around the world in search for Noah’s Ark to keep in his backyard as a tourist attraction despite Minnesota being upset for public humiliation. Minnesota then learns of the mysterious and powerful relic "Noah\'s Umbrella". He then teams up with his girlfriend Julia  who is now an ice cream franchise owner for Malta and Mexico and his former arch-enemy, Professor Rattan originally sent on the quest by Muffet, to find the ark before Rattan\'s twin brother, Wicker, uses Noah\'s umbrella for his own schemes. Wicker wants Noah\'s Umbrella to have to control weather and force people to pay him for heat, rain and cold weather and eventually rule the world believing falsely that the rain came from the umbrella than God; and is close to finding the ark with an army of potatoes. The problem is, Minnesota is afraid that people will still laugh at him, and he fails to carry out some of the steps. Thankfully, Minn has the help of a few very good friends, but he will need to overcome his fear of what others think if he is going to unlock the mystery of the umbrella and save the day. Minnesota when being mocked all this time by citizens for doing the right thing, rescues Rattan when he is revealed to have been kidnapped by Wicker and they escape Wicker and his men to a tavern on a large snowy mountain and perform a song "Arise and Shine" for a clue. After deciphering several clues to the ark they are once again captured by Wicker who locks them up in a cage set by time to be thrown off a steep mountain peak; they escape when Minnesota learns that God\'s love is like a shield when he does the right thing. They catch up with Wicker and his men in a tunnel from the tavern but are again caught when they reach a dead end inside the mountain. Wicker ties up Rattan and Julia to force Minnesota to choose between helping him get the umbrella or a deadly avalanche over Julia and Rattan. Minnesota reluctantly agrees to help Wicker for his friends\' lives and passes 3 tests about doing the right thing as Wicker and his men follow but laugh at him for the methods only to have calamity come upon them; Minnesota\'s love for God helps him not hear them mock and soon he comes close to the umbrella. Eventually after passing the tests Minnesota finds a series of umbrellas on a shelf inside the mountain. Minnesota recognizes upon a glance that a checkered colored umbrella is the artifact and Wicker tries to use it to control the weather but is furious and dismayed when he learns that the umbrella does not have the power but that God does to give rain; he got his false theory on the umbrella\'s power from a children\'s cartoon shown earlier about Noah; causing his own army to mock him for making an evil scheme off of the cartoon. Wicker\'s whining about not getting his way causes an avalanche forcing them to retreat with the umbrella, as Julia and Rattan barely escape being squashed by the falling ice and snow before the entire group flees back to the tavern where Mr. Muffet and 2 Mountie agents arrest Wicker and his army for their crimes. The umbrella then is made a protected artifact and when Muffet wonders where the ark is after further unseen studying they conclude that the ark has rotted away after thousands of years under cold weather and snow. Minnesota is thanked by Rattan and Julia for believing in God enough to accomplish the mission and Minnesota learns a lesson on confidence about God\'s promises. Back at the countertop scene, Larry\'s bag is now wearing a smiley face, saying that he loves the story. Bob immediately wants Larry to remove the bag but he would rather not. Bob is startled when the bag again changes expressions; he frantically removes it from Larry\'s head. At the end, Jimmy Gourd shows up with the bag with a smiley face on it and says, "I feel really happy and I don\'t know why!" In the Silly Song entitled Sippy Cup Larry in a restaurant, who always has to drink from a sippy cup, because he always spills drinks Larry keeps begging them to not make him use a sippy cup throughout the song. when Larry is sent to court to determine whether or not he has to keep using a sippy cup. Mr. Nezzer sentences him to using a sippy cup, but after receiving a call from the governor, Larry doesn\'t have to use a sippy cup. Mr. Lunt then offers Larry grape juice in a wine glass, only to have Larry spill it again and ask for the sippy cup.'] ['In the prologue, a scientist named Tonio is reading a diary which belonged to a famous architect named Godey, his great-grandfather, indicating that two Pokémon between their dimension are fighting, and that the battle could lead to chaos. Those written future events are occurring at that same moment as Palkia, who can distort space and Dialga, who rules over time are brawling, which causes the hourglass in Tonio\'s lab to fall and shatter. Ash, Brock, and Dawn are headed to Alamos Town for the next Pokémon contest. However, they realize that Alamos is in the middle of a small lake. Tired, they are greeted by Alice and her Chimchar from Alamos who offer them a hot air balloon ride. Brock falls for her and his Croagunk Jabs him. Alice is a tour guide as well as a music student who plays the leaf whistle. On their way, the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a massive air current shockwave. Alice then offers a tour of the town. Later on, Alice brings them to a garden in which many Pokémon reside in peace and where Alice played at as a little girl. Ash, Brock, and Dawn let all their Pokémon free and they run off to do their own things, which then later goes from happiness to chaos. Once the Pokémon begin to quarrel, along with the garden Pokémon present, Alice calms them down playing a soothing song using the leaf whistle, later on revealing that she had learned the song from her grandmother . Shortly after a Gallade hops right into the scene. Alice indicates that Gallade senses something wrong and thus, the Gallade requests Ash and the rest of them to follow him. The trio recalls their Pokémon and they pursuit the Gallade, ending up at a small temple with some of its pillars damaged. A man named Baron Alberto walks out of the tunnel, claiming that was the work of Darkrai. The name Darkrai puzzles Ash and Dawn, but Brock mentions that Darkrai is a Pokémon who causes nightmares. Everyone hears a noise from a bush nearby and Baron orders his Lickilicky to fire a Hyper Beam attack into the bush. However, the victim was Tonio who screams and limps out of the bush. Alice quickly hurries to Tonio\'s pain. Tonio is introduced to Ash, Brock, and Dawn. Baron soon flirts with Alice stating that she is to be his wife. Brock is deeply shocked as well as the rest of them. Alice rejects and runs to Tonio claiming that she likes him. Tonio blushes and tries not to deny anything. Not too long after, Darkrai appears in the garden growling "Go away!" Everyone assumes Darkrai is directing to them. Ignoring Darkrai, Baron orders Lickilicky to attack the Dark Pokémon, which misses while Darkrai fires a Dark Void at his enemy. Baron\'s Lickilicky dodges the attack and the orb of dark impales Ash, instantly knocking him out to sleep and subsequently, trapping him in a nightmare. The nightmare shows Palkia moving up to Ash and then goes to attack him. This delivers Ash to a part of the garden. After learning the dream is Darkrai\'s doing and Darkrai appears in front of him, Ash reaches for a Poké Ball and tosses it, but it vanishes into thin air. Then, Darkrai disappears to reveal Pikachu, who is about to get devoured by a vacuum hole. Ash dives into the hole to rescue Pikachu. Having failed, he and his Pikachu drop into a neverending fall. He is then awakened by Pikachu\'s Thunderbolt at the Pokémon Center. At night, Tonio tries to find more information in which he succeeds. He reads that Darkrai had opened his heart to Alice\'s grandmother years ago and remains in the garden since then, with Godey witnessing a little bit on the side as she plays the leaf whistle. Meanwhile, Baron meets three TV people who are actually Team Rocket who decide to film Baron as he takes on Darkrai. The next morning, Ash, Brock, and Dawn visit the Space-Time Towers in town, meeting Tonio there with some news. They climb to the top to be introduced to a massive instrument which plays music by the hour. As Ash and the rest of the group leave the Space-Time Towers, a hole blasts out in the middle of the sky just above the towers which then cools off. A massive shockwave has purged through the entire town and Tonio decides to study the sudden outburst. Afterwards, Darkrai reappears in the courtyard while Ash and company  engage in combat with it. Darkrai is outraged and fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs, placing many Pokémon in the town square into nightmares. Back at Tonio\'s lab after some intensive research, he finds that the sudden outburst was when the legendary Palkia had entered their dimension, but he did not know why. Ash and Baron chase Darkrai into a dark alley where the Dark Pokémon scores a direct hit on Baron\'s Lickilicky, causing it to doze off. Just then, Baron is turned into a Lickilicky himself . With that occurring, floating ghost-like images of the sleeping Pokémon floated all around town, some passing through walls, causing the situation to grow quite strange. After all the Pokémon are at the Pokémon center, Alamos Town is completely covered in a massive fog which can not be cleared off and causes anything which attempts to leave the town to be reversibly entering the town, resulting in no possible escape. Baron still believes that it was still Darkrai who had caused all this. All the trainers follow Baron to confront Darkrai, but Ash, Brock, and Dawn do not go along listening to Tonio, who doesn\'t believe Darkrai is up to this. He believes Darkrai is good since he had saved Alice in their childhood. It is revealed that the two of them were playing in the garden when Alice tripped off the cliff and fell. Tonio ran to her  but a silhouette of Darkrai zipped out and caught Alice just before disappearing. Hearing that, the trio now agree that it was not Darkrai who caused the havoc. Tonio explains that the distortion caused from the spiritual images of the sleeping Pokémon was caused by an multidimensional disturbance from when Palkia entered the realm. Later that evening, Tonio finds Palkia resting between the towers. Darkrai, who was fighting Baron, instead tries to attack the resting Palkia. Ash then realizes that was what Darkrai was trying to tell him in his nightmare, that the two legendary Pokémon are waging war. As Palkia and Darkrai battle, Palkia switches the town back into its battle dimension . But as Palkia is about to hit Darkrai with one of its attacks, Dialga opens fire on the two and immediately runs into Palkia, thus continuing it. As they brawl, the entire town is going to dissipate into nothing . Darkrai constantly tries to fend them off as the town evacuates into the garden. After Tonio reads a passage from Godey\'s diary, Alice hears the word "Oración" which means Prayer in Spanish and that is the name of the song she plays on the leaf whistle. Tonio indicates that "Oración is the song that could soothe even the fiercest rage". They realize that they must play Oración on the towers\' musical instrument to stop Dialga and Palkia from their feud. After finding the music disc, Ash, Dawn, Alice and Tonio begin to head up the tower by balloon as Brock helps Nurse Joy evacuate the townspeople. On their way up, Dialga fires its Roar of Time while Palkia stands in between the balloon and Dialga. Palkia dodges the attack, leaving the beam to crossfire with the balloon. Darkrai instantly comes to the rescue and takes the massive blow from Dialga. However, in the process Palkia and Dialga fly by the balloon, causing heavy damage, and leaving Ash and Dawn to travel up by foot which will slow them down. Dialga and Palkia continue their confrontation and now they are going to deal the final blow. Dialga is charging its Roar of Time while Palkia charges it\'s Spacial Rend. When both the legendary Pokémon discharge their attacks, Darkrai crosses the attacks\' line and forms a sphere around him to block the attacks, engulfing and immobillizing Dialga and Palkia in the process. Baron, who had already turned back to himself due to the Pokémon awakening, then finally believes Darkrai is not the foe. As Ash and Dawn make their way up the tower, they watch as Darkrai\'s sphere gets weaker and eventually shrinks, causing Dialga and Palkia to break free. The dragons, fed up with the Dark Pokémon intervening with their battle, both shoot Darkrai from both sides. Having almost no armor or the energy left, he bravely takes the destructive blow and disintegrates as he floats up into the air. Everyone looks on with the fear that now that Darkrai had perished, they too would suffer the same fate in the next moment. Tonio then mentions that if the dragons\' signature moves collide once more, their dimension will be completely destroyed. Ash and Dawn then end up running to the musical instrument, only to find that the electrical power source is down . Ash\'s Pikachu uses Thunderbolt fully and Dawn\'s Pachirisu uses Discharge to get the machine running. The song plays loud throughout the small section of what\'s left of the town. The song successfully calms the dragons down, Dialga flies away and Palkia restores everything back, returning Alamos Town to how it originally was along with the townspeople and the Pokémon living in the garden. At dusk, Ash, Dawn, Brock, Alice and Tonio thank Darkrai and respect everything that he had done for them. A tear of condolence and thanks for Darkrai drips down Alice\'s face. Ash and Dawn began to cry, both believing they would probably never see Darkrai again. As they walk away, Ash stops as he sees a shadow on the cliffside. He along with everyone else looks back at the cliff. Later on the Space-Time Towers, they find Darkrai standing heroically on top. Everyone is relieved that he is safe and Alice cuddles next to Tonio as they look onto Darkrai who then glares with a lit up eye, as the film quickly fades. In the end credits, it shows the aftermath occurring after everything, such as the Pokémon contest which Dawn competes in. Not too long after, it shows Dialga hovering towards its next destination awaiting a battle, which will start the next adventure Ash, Dawn and Brock will face.'] ['{{right}} In 1958, the Kusakabe family reunites when a university professor and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei  move into an old house in rural Japan to be closer to the hospital where their mother is recovering from an unnamed, long-term illness. The daughters find that the house is inhabited by tiny animated dust creatures called susuwatari — small, dark, dust-like house spirits seen when moving from light to dark places. When the girls become comfortable in their new house and laugh with their father, the soot spirits  leave the house to drift away on the wind. It is implied that they are going to find another empty house--their natural habitat. While she is playing outside one day, Mei sees two white, rabbit-like ears in the grass. She follows the ears under the house where she discovers two small magical creatures , who lead her through a briar patch and into the hollow of a large camphor tree. She meets and befriends a larger version of the same kind of spirit , which identifies itself by a series of roars that she interprets as "Totoro" (in the original Japanese [[Dubbing .{{cite web}} She falls asleep atop the large totoro, but when Satsuki finds her, she is on the ground in a dense briar clearing. Despite her many attempts, Mei is unable to show her family Totoro\'s tree. Her father comforts her by telling her that this is the "keeper of the forest," and that Totoro will reveal himself when he wants to. One rainy night, the girls are waiting for their father\'s bus and grow worried when he does not arrive on the bus they expect him on. As they wait, Mei eventually falls asleep on Satsuki\'s back and Totoro appears beside them, allowing Satsuki to see him for the first time. He only has a leaf on his head for protection against the rain, so Satsuki offers him the umbrella she had taken along for her father. Totoro is delighted at both the shelter and the sounds made upon it by falling raindrops. In return, he gives her a bundle of nuts and seeds. A bus-shaped giant cat halts at the stop, and Totoro boards it, taking the umbrella. Shortly after, their father’s bus arrives. The girls plant the seeds. A few days later, they awaken at midnight to find Totoro and his two miniature colleagues engaged in a ceremonial dance around the planted nuts and seeds. The girls join in, whereupon the seeds sprout, and then grow and combine into an enormous tree. Totoro takes his colleagues and the girls for a ride on a magical flying top. In the morning, the tree is gone, but the seeds have indeed sprouted. The girls find out that a planned visit by their mother has to be postponed because of a setback in her treatment. Satsuki takes this very hard, having reached the age where she fully understands the concept of death. Frustrated and frightened, she yells at Mei, then stomps away. Mei, believing that her mother can be cured by healthy food, sets off on foot to the hospital with an ear of corn. Mei\'s disappearance prompts Satsuki and the neighbors to search for her. Eventually, Satsuki returns in desperation to the camphor tree and pleads for Totoro\'s help. Delighted to be of assistance, he summons the Catbus, which carries her to where the lost Mei sits. Having rescued her, the Catbus then whisks her and Satsuki over the countryside to see their mother in the hospital. The girls perch in a tree outside of the hospital, overhearing a conversation between their parents and discovering that she has been kept in hospital by a minor cold and is otherwise doing well. They secretly leave the ear of corn on the windowsill, where it is discovered by the parents, and return home on the Catbus. When the Catbus departs, it fades away from the girls\' sight. The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki\'s mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children, with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.'] ['The episode begins immediately with Percy Pea and Li\'l Pea leaving the movie theater. As they pause to think about what had happened the last time they were there, they are cornered by a shady Scallion who asks them for a nickel. Percy refuses, but the Scallion then demands the $1.28 Percy is carrying for milk money. As the Milk Money Bandit escapes to the rooftops with his loot, he is cornered by Larry-Boy, who shakes the stolen money off of the scallion and throws him into Officer Scooter\'s patrol car. [The police said Thanks because they looked for him for months] Following this, Larry-Boy is busy reviewing his technique with Alfred when he accidentally knocks a plant off the ledge. It gets caught on some electrical telephone wires on the way down, where a nearby woman is busy gossiping on the phone, and then falls into the sewers where the strange combination of electricity and gossip brings the plant to life... The next morning, Alfred is speaking at Veggie Valley Elementary. As his story comes to a close, he tells the teacher that he needs to go home and "recharge his batteries." Not quite understanding the figure of speech, students Junior Asparagus and Laura Carrot come to the false conclusion that Alfred is a robot. As they are walking home, they run into a small talking weed who overhears the two children and talks them into sharing the secret with her. Similar weeds then begin to appear throughout Bumblyburg, spreading the rumor and twisting the faulty assumptions of the citizens into fear. At Larry Manor, Larry and Alfred are tending to the garden when Alfred heads inside to answer the phone. Another Rumor Weed appears and tries to spread the word about Alfred, but Larry doesn\'t let it get a word in edgewise. Alfred then calls Larry in to answer the phone: Mayor Blueberry informs him that strange weeds are growing all over the city and saying strange things about Alfred. Suiting up as Larry-Boy, the hero drives into action. Larry-Boy manages to find a Rumor Weed and attempts to prune it, but weed-whackers and shears have no effect. Alfred then tells him to scan the weed by putting his plunger-ear by it, which only serves to get Larry-Boy thrown away by the seemingly-tiny weed\'s strength. Back at the Larry-Cave, Alfred reports his findings and reveals that all the weeds are connected through a vast root system leading to a giant Mother Weed deep underground. Realizing that these Weeds are strong enough to knock down abandoned buildings and tear down old houses, Larry-Boy and Alfred decide that they need to attack it at the root. Fortunately, Alfred has modified the Larry-Mobile with a new boring machine feature, allowing Larry-Boy to drill through the ground into the sewers. Upon arriving in the sewer, however, Larry-Boy and Alfred lose radio contact, and the faithful butler is forced to run for help himself. Meanwhile, Larry-Boy meets the Mother Weed and is quickly overpowered by its strength. As Alfred arrives at City Hall, he is astonished to find that the usually-kind citizens are afraid of him, saying strange and scary things about him being a killer robot with laser eyes. Though the butler tries to convince them that he\'s not a robot, he is unable to stop the rumor. Suddenly, the Mother Weed rises out from underground and grabs Alfred, but the citizens think the "killer robot" is going to be destroyed and they thus refuse to help. Dad Asparagus arrives on the scene and asks what is going on. While the citizens explain that the weeds told them about Alfred, the Mother Weed admits that she didn\'t make up the story and that she credits two "very reliable sources". Faced with the truth that they started the rumor, Junior and Laura confess, and Dad explains to them that "even if it\'s true, God doesn\'t want us to tell stories that can hurt. He want us to spread nice words". When Dad\'s positive words about Alfred cause flowers to grow on the Mother Weed, Junior and Laura decide that the best way to save Alfred is to spread good words about him. They are able to convince the citizens of Bumblyburg that Alfred is not a robot at all, but a very nice man. As the word spreads, the Mother Weed grows flowers on its vines until she transforms into a giant flower, thus saving Alfred. As everybody celebrates, a beat-up Larry-Boy comes crawling out of the sewers and asks Alfred if he\'s a robot, which everybody promptly shushes him on. The episode is wrapped up in the Larry-Cave. Alfred and Larry-Boy reiterate that God wants us to say nice words about people rather than telling stories that can hurt. The verse is on the Larry-Computer "Reckless words pierce like a sword, but the tongue of the wise brings healing" .'] ['In the Pride Lands of Africa, a lion pride rules as royalty over the other animals, who celebrate the birth of future king Simba. Simba\'s father King Mufasa gives him a tour of the pride lands, teaching him the responsibilities of being a king and warning him about the shadowy place beyond the borders. Later that day, Simba\'s envious uncle Scar, Mufasa\'s younger brother who longs to be king, tells him that the shadowy place is an elephant graveyard. Simba\'s curiosity is piqued, and he convinces his best friend Nala, a female lion cub, to come with him. At the graveyard, the cubs are attacked by three spotted hyenas, Shenzi, Banzai and Ed, before Mufasa rescues them and willingly forgives Simba for disobeying him. The hyenas are friends of Scar, who then plot with them to take over the Pride Lands. On Scar\'s orders, the hyenas stampede a large herd of wildebeest into a gorge where Simba is. Mufasa rescues Simba, but as Mufasa tries to climb up the gorge\'s walls, Scar throws him back into the stampede, killing him. After Simba finds Mufasa\'s body in the gorge, Scar tricks him into thinking that Mufasa\'s death is his fault and advises him to run away forever. As Simba leaves, Scar orders the hyenas to go after Simba, but the cub escapes. Scar then announces to the pride that both Mufasa and Simba were killed and steps forward as the new king, allowing a swarm of hyenas to live in the Pride Lands. Simba, now far from home, collapses in a desert from exhaustion, but is found by Timon and Pumbaa, a meerkat and a warthog who nurse him back to health. Timon and Pumbaa then take Simba in, and the lion grows on a carefree life under the motto "hakuna matata". Years later, Simba, now grown, rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a hungry lioness, who turns out to be Nala. The two reconcile and fall in love. Nala tries to get Simba to come back home by saying that because of Scar allowing the hyenas to live in the Pride Lands, it has become a wasteland with not enough food and water. Still feeling guilt over his father\'s death, Simba refuses and storms off. Wise mandrill Rafiki tracks Simba down, telling him that Mufasa is still "alive" and taking him to a pond where he is visited by the specter of Mufasa, who tells him that he has forgotten who he is and thus must take his rightful place as the true king of Pride Rock. Simba then realizes that he can no longer run from his past and goes back home. Nala, Timon and Pumbaa follow him, and agree to help him fight. At the Pride Lands, Simba confronts Scar on Pride Rock after he attacks his mother Sarabi. Scar taunts Simba, who still feels guilt over his father\'s death, but after pushing him over the edge of Pride Rock, Scar reveals that he killed Mufasa. The enraged Simba jumps back up and forces Scar to reveal the truth to the other lions. Timon, Pumbaa, Rafiki and the lionesses fight off the hyenas while Scar, attempting to escape, is cornered by Simba at the top of Pride Rock. Scar begs Simba for mercy, saying he is family and places the blame on the hyenas. Simba says he does not believe Scar anymore, but spares his life and tells him to run away and never return. Scar meekly walks past him, but then attacks his nephew. After a fierce battle, Simba triumphs and throws Scar off Pride Rock. Scar survives the fall, but is attacked and killed by the hyenas, who overheard his attempt to betray them. With Scar and the hyenas gone, Simba descends from the top of Pride Rock where he is acknowledged by the pride as the rain falls again. Sometime later, Pride Rock is restored to its former glory and Simba looks down happily at his kingdom with Nala, Timon, and Pumbaa by his side; Rafiki presents Simba and Nala\'s newborn cub to the inhabitants of the Pride Lands and the circle of life continues.'] ["Mole's underground home is knocked in when the field is bulldozed by Weasels; the field has been owned by Mr. Toad , who has sold it to finance his latest fad; caravanning. Mole  flees to the river and meets the Water Rat , who is getting ready to embark on a picnic. Seeing Mole's distress, Rat decides to take Mole to see Mr. Toad. Toad encourages them to travel with him on the Open Road, in his newly bought canary-coloured cart. Disaster strikes when a pair of joyriders in a motor car knock over the cart. Toad, however, instantly discards the cart and becomes obsessed with motoring. He is a reckless driver, however, and ends up needing more money from the weasels. Their volatile Chief , tries to persuade him to sell Toad Hall. The Chief has three main cronies, Clarence  and Geoffrey , are his henchmen, though they passionately hate each other, and St.John , who attempts to suck up to the Chief, but his bumbling stupidity always rubs him up the wrong way. During a crazy drive into the Wild Wood, resulting in the destruction of another car, all three protagonists are lost in the inhospitable place. Mole encounters the Weasels, who attempt to coerce him into stopping his friends from interfering with their plans. They later encounter Toad, after fleeing when Rat arrives. All three protagonists end up in Mr. Badger's underground abode. Badger , a close friend of Toad's late father and feeling responsible for Toad's reckless conduct regarding his inheritance, is awakened from his to keep Toad obsessed with motor cars. However, Toad refuses to listen to Badger and continues his reckless behavior which ultimately ends up with him being arrested for stealing and crashing a motor-car outside a pub. During his trial, Toad's defense lawyer  proves to be more of a problem than the prosecution. Furthermore, the Weasels are dominating the public box, and the Chief Weasel is posing as one of the rabbits in the Jury, and coerces the terrified creatures into finding Toad guilty. The Judge  initially sentences Toad to be hanged, but after being told that he can no longer hang prisoners, he sentences Toad to twenty years in prison, but after Toad insults the Court and makes a botched escape attempt, the Judge angrily increases the sentence gradually, eventually resulting in a hundred-year sentence. Toad is then seen being dragged to the dungeon in the large castle. To make matters worse, elsewhere back in Toad Hall, while feeling sorry for thier friend, Rat and Mole are confronted by the Weasels who threw them out, and aneex Toad Hall for themselves. Knowing that they have no choice but to drive the Weasels out of Toad Hall, Rat and Mole have to dig underground to the castle to free Toad. Meanwhile, in the dungeon, Toad is crying, pleaded that he paid dearly for his bad behavior of motor-cars. With the help of the sympathetic Jailer's Daughter  and her reluctant Tea Lady Aunt , Toad escapes, disguised as the latter, despite Rat suggesting that Toad escapes through a tunnel him and Mole built underneath Toad's cell. Having realized he left his wallet in his cell, Toad along with Rat and Mole, climbs aboard a train engine. During the course of the journey, the police, who have stowed away on the train, demand for it to be stopped; Toad confesses who he is and begs the driver  to help him evade his captors. If only to protect his train, the driver agrees to help. He tosses coal lumps at the police, but gets caught in a mail catcher. Toad takes control of the train and is separated. He eventually crashes the engine, though he miraculously survives. Toad sets off again but only to get caught again by the Weasels. The full extent of their twisted plans are revealed: they have built a dog-food factory over the remains of Mole's house and are planning to blow up Toad Hall, and build a huge slaughterhouse in its place, with which they will 'process' all of the peaceful Riverbank dwellers, and turn them into dogfood. Their activities have also damaged Badger's home, which provokes him into taking decisive action against them. Badger and Rat attempt to break into Toad Hall disguised as weasels, but are unmasked. Along with Toad, they are placed in the factory's mincing machine under the orders of the Chief Weasel. The Chief, Clarence and Geoffrey return to Toad Hall to prepare the victory celebration, leaving St. John in charge of the machine. Mole, who has broken into the factory, disables the machine, enabling them to escape. Lulled by a premature sense of victory, the Chief Weasel's henchmen turn traitor, and attempt to blow him up using a Toad Hall shaped birthday cake. Clarence and Geoffrey begin quarreling among themselves for leadership, with the other Weasels drunkenly taking sides. This allows the protagonists to stage a raid on the house, leaving all the weasels incapacitated in the ensuing fight. However, the Chief is revealed to still be alive, and he escapes the scene, and is pursued by Toad. Toad attempts to stop him from reaching the factory, containing the detonator necessary to blow up Toad Hall, to no avail. Unbeknownst to both of them, the explosives are actually in the factory , and as such the Chief blows up himself along with the factory, leaving Toad Hall untouched and Toad's friends alive and well. Afterwards, Toad makes a public speech swearing off motor cars and promising to be wiser and less prideful in the future. Toad then sneaks off during a song with Mole, Rat and Badger, for the second time and is seen speaking to an airplane salesman, showing that he has not changed at all, only moved onto a new craze. Moments later, Toad flies over the crowd in the plane, causing mass hysteria and resulting in Badger swearing never to help Toad again. Toad, however, has finally found a craze which suits him- on the end credits, he is seen flying out over the sea."] ['Benji is a lovable stray dog who lives in a small Texas town where he has befriended many local people, each of whom calls him by a different name. He gets plenty of food and attention whenever he visits with one of his acquaintances. He meets another stray dog, a diminutive white female with long fluffy hair, and the two dogs form a bond. Two children whom Benji loves are kidnapped and held for ransom, the dogs try to help, and Benji seeks out friendly people to assist him in freeing the children.'] ['The Peace Tree tells the story of two little girls, one Muslim and one Christian, who dream of celebrating each other’s festivals, Christmas and Eid. But when they share their dreams, they are met with resistance from their parents who express their concerns. Through their struggles, they create a unique symbol -- The Peace Tree, a tree that highlights the symbols from all our cultures and faiths to reflect the beauty of "diversity in unity". The Peace Tree shares the voices of the children who try to enlighten their parents to the importance of sharing and celebrating diversity together. The Peace Tree has been invited to over 50 film festivals including Tribeca Film Festival and received twelve international awards.'] ['Long ago in France, the narrator, a swallow named Jacquimo is flying through Paris and is telling the audience about the story of Thumbelina. A lonely woman longs for a child of her very own. One day, a good witch gives her a barley corn to plant, and the next day the flower blooms, revealing a little girl "no bigger than her thumb". The woman names her Thumbelina. Thumbelina spends time with her mother\'s farm animals, but is worried that there is no one around, that is her own size. One night, her mother tells her a story about fairies. After being put to bed, Thumbelina imagines that someday she will be able to find someone to love. As she is humming to herself, Prince Cornelius of the Fairies flies by her windowsill and is enchanted by her. The two take a ride on Cornelius\' bumblebee, during which they fall in love. During this ride, a toad named Grundel sees Thumbelina and declares to his mother, Mrs. Toad, that he loves her. Cornelius returns Thumbelina to her windowsill and promises to come back for her the next day. After he leaves, Thumbelina goes to sleep in her walnut bed, and is kidnapped by Mrs. Toad despite Hero the dog\'s attempt to stop her. The next morning, Cornelius has learned of Thumbelina\'s kidnapping from Hero and sets off to find her. Meanwhile, Thumbelina is on a lily-pad far away from home. Mrs. Toad declares and sings that Thumbelina will join their family singing troupe "Singers de Espana", and Thumbelina will also marry Grundel. The group leaves her alone on the lily-pad to fetch the priest, despite her protests. Thumbelina\'s cries for help are heard by Jacquimo, who helps her free of the lily-pad and, with the help of a couple of fish and the jitterbugs, a waterfall, and encourages her to follow her heart and find her way home to her mother. Jacquimo himself promises to find Cornelius, who lives in the Vale of the Fairies and is a friend of Jacquimo\'s. When Cornelius\' parents, King Colbert and Queen Tabitha hear of Thumbelina\'s kidnapping, they watch Cornelius fly off after he asks them to hold back the approaching winter to give him time to find her, worrying that they can\'t keep winter from coming. Meanwhile, Grundel learns from his brothers, Mozo and Gringo, that Thumbelina has escaped and has gone to marry Cornelius, and becomes so enraged by their mockery that he angrily tosses them up into the air and goes off to find Thumbelina. Thumbelina almost reaches home, but she is stopped by Berkeley Beetle, who becomes smitten with her and wants her to join his act at the Beetle Ball. Thumbelina is forced to perform at the Beetle Ball, but at the end is kicked out for being "too ugly", although Jacquimo discovers her afterwards and assures her that Cornelius\'s opinion of her is all that she needs. The next day, searching for the Vale of the Fairies, Jacquimo seeks help from a fleeing rabbit and its pursuer, a fox. The fox angrily shoves him out of the way and into a tree, driving a thorn straight through his wing and wounding him severely. Grundel, who is also searching for Thumbelina, tracks down Beetle, who suggests that they try and find Cornelius- whose relationship with Thumbelina is known to them- with the goal of using him as bait for a trap. But Grundel forces him  to help find Thumbelina. Beetle becomes enraged and threatens Grundel "Listen, pal, this harassment has gone far enough, and I know my rights! I\'ll report you to the Pond Patrol.", only to get strangled by Grundel, until Beetle finally cooperates and takes his friends to help him in the search. When Jacquimo is trying to ask for directions from a sleeping bear, the bear only responds "I don\'t want no berries". This makes it even more difficult for Jacquimo, who ends up in the honey pot and is accidentally thrown out by the bear, who resumes sleeping. The cold winter frost arrives, and he becomes too weak to fly to the point that he is blown into the wind. The falling snow also causes Cornelius to fall from his bumble bee into a pond, where he is frozen in ice. Beetle eventually finds Cornelius and cuts out a block of ice in which he is trapped, and takes him to Grundel. With both Cornelius and Jacquimo incapacitated, Thumbelina takes shelter from the winter frost in a shoe. She is rescued by Miss Fieldmouse, who tells her that she has heard that Cornelius is dead. Miss Fieldmouse convinces a heartbroken Thumbelina to join her to visit Mr. Mole, where Thumbelina is asked to sing for him. They take a walk in Mr. Mole\'s extensive tunnels, where Thumbelina discovers the unconscious Jacquimo, who appears to be dead. Mr. Mole also tells Miss Fieldmouse, in private, that he would like to marry Thumbelina, and she agrees to convince Thumbelina that it would be for the best. Grundel learns that Thumbelina is to marry Mr. Mole and abandons the frozen Cornelius and takes Beetle, allowing the three young jitterbug children that Thumbelina befriended to light a fire to melt the ice that has trapped Cornelius. Thumbelina sneaks out of Miss Fieldmouse\'s home to visit Jacquimo, reflecting that marrying Mr. Mole might be her best available option, but Jacquimo then wakes up, and Thumbelina removes the thorn from his wing. Though she explains that Cornelius is dead, Jacquimo still ventures off to find Cornelius and the Vale of the Fairies. Believing that she cannot return home now, Thumbelina decides to marry Mr. Mole. However, when Thumbelina is prompted by the Reverend Rat at the wedding ceremony, she responds that she cannot marry Mr. Mole, since she does not truly love him. Grundel and Beetle crash the ceremony, which results in a chase throughout Mr. Mole\'s caverns. However, Cornelius and the jitterbug children arrive to stop them and Cornelius engages Grundel. Despite his efforts in stalling the crowd long enough to secure Thumbelina\'s escape, Cornelius is unable to defeat Grundel and the battle eventually culminates in the two falling into a deep pit. Thumbelina manages to scare her panicking pursuers by causing a mountain of jewelry to slide toward them, and she escapes to the surface- the sun shining once again-, where she is found by Jacquimo, who claims to have found the Vale of the Fairies. They fly there, but Thumbelina remains skeptical due to the winter having covered the Vale. At Jacquimo\'s urging, Thumbelina sings, and the ice thaws and Cornelius, who survived the fall and is still with the jitterbug children, appears to be reunited with his love. Cornelius proposes, Thumbelina accepts, the pair kiss and Thumbelina becomes a Fairy. The wedding is celebrated with Thumbelina\'s mother, Jacquimo, the jitterbug children, and Cornelius\' family in attendance, just before Jacquimo closes the story by saying "And, of course, they lived happily ever after". Screenshots during the credits reveal that Beetle resumed his normal, popstar life and got his wings back; Grundel, too, survived the fall with a broken leg and fell in love with a female toad; Mr. Mole married Miss Fieldmouse; and the rabbit and fox Jacquimo tried to ask for help ultimately found friendship.'] ['"Lord of the Beans" begins with the arrival of Randalf in the Shire for Billboy Baggypants\' 122nd birthday party . Billboy talks about retiring and leaving the Shire and uses a strange bean to produce a birthday cake. Returning to his home, he finds Randalf waiting in his living room. Randalf remarks on Billboy\'s impressive height, his fine clothing, and his luxuriously appointed home, knowing they have come from the bean, and warns his friend of using such things lightly. Billboy concedes that the bean has given him almost everything he could want. He then announces that he is leaving the Shire and bequeathing everything he owns, including the bean, to his nephew Toto. Waiting for Toto, Randalf relates that Billboy has departed and draws his attention to the bean. Toto is curious as to why he would want a bean and Randalf describes the origin of a magical bean that could produce clothing, consumables, and small kitchen appliances, and also change your appearance. After verifying the bean\'s authenticity from an inscription left after warming it in the fire, Toto is unsure about accepting such a gift and tries to pass it off to Randalf. However, Randalf explains that we cannot choose our gifts and must determine for ourselves how they should best be used. He then suggests that Toto travel to the Elders of the Razzberry Forest for insight with some friends that he has already gathered to assist with the journey: the Ranger Ear-a-Corn; the Elf Leg-O-Lamb; the Dwarf Grumpy; and "The Other Elf", Leg-O-Lamb\'s brother who had nothing better to do. They trek through the Mountains of Much Snowia and eventually reach the Razzberry Forest. There, Randalf warns the others not to laugh because the Elders have lost their sense of humor. The Elders welcome them and inform Randalf that they must travel to the Land of Woe. The others burst into laughter upon hearing the greetings and native tongue of the Elders, which involves blowing raspberries. This gets them sentenced to detention on a platform forever until an Eagle "saves" them and they escape. Leaving the forest, they emerge near the Blue Gate, the entrance to the Land of Woe. After opening the door, they realize that Toto is the only one small enough to fit through and he proceeds alone. However, the remainder of the group soon learns that a group of Sporks, minions of the evil Scaryman, are after Toto in order to seize the bean for their master. The fellowship then goes in pursuit. In the Land of Woe, Toto encounters a strange creature named Ahem, who reveals that he was once a normal Flobbit like Toto and the former owner of the bean. Ahem then agrees to accompany Toto into Woe as a guide. Meanwhile, the others charge through the Red Gate, only to be trapped by the Sporks. The "Other Elf" then bakes cookies, implying that he is in fact a Keebler Elf, and gives them to the Sporks who haven\'t eaten anything "but maggoty bread for three stinkin\' days" and the fellowship journeys on. Toto and Ahem arrive in Woe to find a desperate people lacking the most basic necessities, such as food and water. Ahem wants Toto to leave them, to use the bean for his own creature comforts, but Toto recognizes that he can use it to help the people of Woe. The fellowship arrives just ahead of Scaryman, who steals the bean. However, Billboy suddenly reappears, recovering the bean and returning it to Toto. Toto throws the bean into the well, bringing water back to the Land of Woe and restoring it to its fertile and beautiful state.'] ["The film follows Muhammad's first years as a prophet starting with Islam's beginnings in Mecca in which the Muslims are persecuted, the exodus to Medina, and ending with the Muslims' triumphant return to Mecca. A number of crucial events, such as the Battle of Badr and Battle of Uhud are depicted."] ['After three years in prison, Cruella de Vil has been cured of her lust for fur coats by Dr. Pavlov, through a process that turns predators and prey into best friends and is released on parole on the proviso she will have to pay eight million pounds to all dogs\' homes in the borough of Westminster shall she ever revert back into dognapping. Cruella, now "Ella", rids herself of her old fur coats and the drawing of her in a Dalmatian puppy coat, and regularly meets with Chloe Simon. However, the process is reversed when the subjects hear the chimes of Big Ben, Dr. Pavlov decides to never tell anyone about this one liability; soon, Cruella begins to feel the urges after hearing Big Ben, and when she sees Dipstick and his puppies Domino, Little Dipper, and Oddball, she devises a plan to get the ultimate fur coat. She sends her servant Alonzo to find a few puppies as she hires Jean-Pierre LePelt to help her capture 102 puppies. The trio create a scheme to set up Kevin Shepherd, the owner of the animal shelter where Cruella spent her community service , as a scapegoat for the police to investigate so Cruella and company can get all the puppies she needs for her coat. However, Kevin soon escapes from prison, and meets up with Chloe, to hear that Cruella and her henchmen are headed to Paris. But they are soon captured by Cruella and imprisoned in her fur factory. Cruella forgot one dalmatian, Oddball, because she was born without any spots. Oddball manages to rescue her family and all the other puppies kidnapped by Cruella. With Alonzo being a good guy, she also has Cruella turned into a massive cake and LePelt arrested thereby saving the day. This happy story ends when Oddball gets her first spots, the shelter gets Cruella\'s money, and everyone celebrates.'] ["McDull is not the brightest kid on the block, but he continually tries to do his best and please his mother. Although it seems that he may not be destined for great things in life as his mother wishes, McDull never gives up. The story focuses on several tales about McDull and his childhood. This is told as a narrative reflection of a now adult McDull. These tales muddle up in imaginative uses of Cantonese and heaps of local Hong Kong culture. From tales about a turkey dinner to dreams of following in Lee Lai-shan's footsteps, McDull faces ebbs and flows with his demanding but devoted mother. There is a significant amount of material in the movie which is culturally relevant to Hong Kong. For example, a large proportion of the humour and appeal of the movie arises from its complex wordplay and subtle hints of Hong Kong's historical legacy and dynamic. The songs featured in the film are bright and beguiling, and are not overbearing as some musical animations are likely to become. The film's animation is trouble-free and colourful changing at times as stories alter, but echoing the fashion of the innovative artwork. It uses a number of contemporary Computer Graphics animations in several scenes to illustrate an urban Hong Kong, but it skillfully shows Hong Kong as the dirty conurbation it is rather than the high-pitched clean cityscape that many travel advertisements like to portray. The genial and timid piglet McDull has cheered up the lives of kids, professors, housewives and CEOs, because he epitomises the uncontainable and happy-go-lucky spirit of Hong Kong. His no-holds-barred porcobiography is a frame-by-frame account of life growing up in the slums of Shamshuipo, set against the colourful campaign of a post-97 Hong Kong trudging along regardless of downturn woes. Pouncing shots of busy Kowloon streets, slimy cafés, plus sights and smells of local flavour fused with animation, live object shooting and 3-D computer graphics define the film."] ["This movie is a retelling of the Cinderella fairy tale in a modern setting, with Mary Santiago , a high school student with ambitions of becoming a dancer, taking the role of Cinderella; Tami  Mary's only friend as her fairy godmother; Dominique Blatt  taking the role of the stepmother; Britt  and Bree  as the two stepsisters; and Joey Parker, , now a famous celebrity that has returned to school for his senior year and to remember why he started dancing, as the prince. A school dance substitutes for the ball, with the role of the glass slipper filled by a Zune.{{cite web}}"] ['An anthropomorphic cat from Kokomo, Indiana named Danny dreams of becoming a film star, so he travels to Hollywood, California in hopes of starting a career there . Danny is selected to feature in a film that is currently in production alongside an anthropomorphic female cat named Sawyer, but is dismayed upon learning about how minor his role is and tries to weasel his way into more time in the limelight . However, Danny winds up upsetting the star of the film; a spoiled, popular child actress named Darla Dimple, and is intimidated by her hulking valet Max into no longer trying to enlarge his part in the film. Later, Danny learns from his fellow anthropomorphic animal film extras that human actors are normally given more important roles than animals, a fact that none of them are very happy with but know they must accept. Danny, however, longs for the spotlight and tries to come up with a plan that will encourage humans to provide animal actors with better parts, such as by assembling a massive cluster of animals and trying to put on a musical performance for the humans to see . Later, he is given advice by Darla Dimple  through song on how to interest and satisfy audiences , and Danny takes this information to heart and groups together the animals for yet another performance in hopes of attracting the attention of the humans. However, Darla, fearing that her spotlight is in jeopardy with the animals around, has Max assist her in flooding Mammoth Studios while the director is giving an interview on her latest film and getting the animals blamed and fired. Everybody is depressed by being barred from acting in Mammoth Studios , who comes up with a plan for attracting the humans\' attention yet again. On the night of the premiere of the Darla Dimple film that was being shot, "Lil\' Ark Angel", after the screening, Danny calls the audience\'s attention and the animals put on a musical performance for everyone  that entertains and impresses its viewers . However, Darla, frustrated and agitated by her poor attempts at wrecking the animals\' show, shouts at Danny for trying to attract all of the focus away from her, and confesses to flooding Mammoth Studios. However, Darla\'s screaming is inadvertently picked up and amplified by a nearby microphone, unveiling the truth much to the dismay of the audience, Mr. Mammoth, and Flanigan, and having her fired. So, the animals are rewarded with larger parts from then onward, their dreams coming true. The film then ends with a selection of film poster parodies, putting the animals in certain roles, after which it is revealed that Darla has ended up as a grumpy janitor.'] ['Barbie in A Mermaid Tale is about a sixteen-year-old girl called Merliah Summers, . She is a top surfer at Malibu and is nicknamed, "Queen of the Waves". On the day of a surfing competition, Merliah is surfing mavericks, when one part of her hair suddenly turns pink on contact with seawater. Nervous of showing everyone her hair, she dives underwater and meets a pink-ish purple coloured, dolphin named Zuma. Merliah finds out she can breathe underwater. After telling her grandfather what happened, Merliah finds out that she is half-mermaid. Thinking that her parents died when she was a small baby, Merliah\'s grandfather tells her the truth. Break tells her that Merliah\'s father was a human named Rip and that her mother was a mermaid named Calissa .Break tells her that when Merliah\'s father died, Calissa was worried about the fact that Calissa\'s evil mermaid sister Eris would try to rule over. At the same time, Calissa gave birth to Merliah. Merliah had no tail which made it dangerous for her in Oceana. Calissa didn\'t want Merliah to get hurt, so she took Merliah to her grandfather, Break. Calissa asked if Break could raise Merliah so that she would be safer on land from Eris\'s rule.At first, Merliah didn\'t believe Break and left to tell her friends what happened. After telling her friends the news, Hadley was excited and believed that Merliah is of mermaid royalty. Just then, Zuma appears and says that it is true about what Break said, but Merliah at first didn\'t believe anything and in anger she throws the necklace she\'d been wearing ever since she was an infant, it reveals Calissa is still alive, spinning Merillia, the life force of the sea. She also tells Merliah that the reason her hair is pink, that she can breathe underwater, is because she is part mermaid. Merliah decides to try to rescue her mother and save the kingdom. With Zuma as her guide, Merliah arrives in Oceana just when the "Eris Festival" starts. Zuma explains that ever since Eris ruled Oceana, her Merillia was not as strong as Calissa\'s, which made the ocean weak. Most of the coral has turned brown, much like the autumn leaves. During the "Eris Festival", Merliah and Zuma hide in a nearby shop. Merliah is terrified, as Eris controls Oceana in an evil way trapping people she doesn\'t like in whirlpools, and doubts she can save Oceana. After the festival ends, Zuma takes Merliah to a boutique which is owned by two mermaids, Kayla and Xylie.They chose to help her after their pet seal Snouts licks her ticklish toes making her laugh, and they make Merliah look like a mermaid.The team seeks out the Destinies, three small stylish mermaids who have prophetic powers. Just before they arrive, they hear Eris storming that she will destroy Calissa\'s daughter. Merliah hides, while Kayla and Xylie point Eris in the wrong direction. While Eris is distracted, Merliah and Zuma meet the Destinies. They reveal in order for the team to succeed in overthrowing Eris, they need "three tools that are spread far and wide": The Celestial Comb, a Dreamfish and Eris\' protective necklace. They set out to look for the items. First, with Fallon and Hadley\'s help, they find the Celestial Comb in a cave guarded by three giant jellyfish. Kayla, Xylie and Zuma lure the jellyfish away while Merliah and Snouts look for the comb. Merliah manages to get it and escapes from the cave just before it caves in. Next, they find the Dreamfish, yet again with Fallon\'s and Hadley\'s internet help, in the Adenato currents. Merliah gets one to promise to grant her a wish later on by impressing it with her surfing skills. Lastly, they get Eris\' protective necklace by distracting her with some music and a song. Furious, Eris spins a whirlpool in order to get rid of Merliah. Merliah gets sucked into the whirlpool. Desperate, Merliah calls on the Dreamfish which offers to send her back to Malibu, her mermaid half to go away and it as if none of this has ever happened. Merliah hesitates and rejects the wish. The Dreamfish instead gives her a real, strong mermaid tail, and successfully escapes the whirlpool. Merliah throws Eris\' necklace to the ground, revealing Calissa spinning Merillia. Merliah finds out that though Eris is from the royal family, she can\'t spin Merillia, which is why Eris did not destroy Calissa. Eris is fed up with Merliah and goes after her. Merliah leads Eris into her own whirlpool and Eris is sent to the bottom of the deepest trench in the ocean. Merliah sets Calissa free and Calissa makes Oceana healthy once more. Calissa gives Merliah her necklace that will let her wish to be human or mermaid at any time. Merliah then goes back to land and wins the surfing trophy.'] ["Laura is seven year old country girl, who's just moved along with her family to a big city. On her first night in her new neighborhood, she sees a shooting star falling to earth, she finds it in a park and discovers it is a living being, . Taking it back home , she and her younger brother Tommy discover the little star has special powers and can do amazing things like making people fly and bringing inanimate objects to life. But over time both notice that the longer the star stays on earth, the weaker it becomes , with their next door neighbor Max they find a way to send the little star back into outer space."] ['In the opening countertop segment, Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber argue about how best to convey "a lesson in facing hardship". Bob insists that a Bible story would be best while Larry stands by a promise that the Veggies do a Western. A compromise is reached: the resulting story, "The Ballad of Little Joe", is a Western-style Bible story. The story follows the Biblical account of Joseph and his multi-colored coat from the Book of Genesis. As the story begins we are introduced to the brothers  and then to Little Joe   who all live at the "Okie-Dokie Corral" . Among Larry\'s unique skills are the abilities to solve problems, organize resources, and interpret dreams. We soon learn that it is Little Joe\'s birthday, and the brothers\' father  lavishes attention and gifts upon him. When Joe foretells a time when his brothers will bow down before him, their jealousy turns to spite, and they decide to sell him into slavery. He ends up working at a saloon for Mr. McPotipher , and his unique skills quickly make him an invaluable employee. Also working at the saloon is Miss Kitty  who entertains the patrons from the stage. She also becomes jealous of Joe when he is named Employee of the Month in her place. She frames him and he is imprisoned for the theft of gold, a crime he did not commit. Joe keeps a positive attitude in jail and is able to help two inmates who have been haunted by dreams. His predictions come true: one is released, and the other, presumably, is executed. When his reputation comes to the attention of the Mayor , Joe is summoned to interpret a particularly disturbing dream of the latter, in which seven fat cows are devoured by seven scrawny cows. Joe understands immediately and warns the Mayor: there will be seven years of plenty followed by seven years of famine; fill the storehouses now so you will be prepared. Joe is put in charge of distributing the grain during the years of famine. When he recognizes his own family has come to procure food, he is overcome with emotion. He wants to reveal himself to them, but first needs to know if they have changed. He devises a plan where he frames the youngest brother, Benjamin, for theft to see how they respond. When all the brothers insist on taking the fall in his place and rue the previous loss of another brother, Joe reveals his identity. Jude apologizes to Joe for what he has done to him, who explains that what God used from what wrong he did into good and forgives him. The story concludes with the happy reunion. The Veggie Tales video Moe and the Big Exit is a sequel to this episode.'] ['Doug and Skeeter discover a monster that lives in Lucky Duck Lake. At first they are scared of him, but they later on find him to be nice. But, the monster is proof that Bill Bluff is polluting the lake which created this monster. The Monster almost eats the book Moby Dick, but Skeeter stops him and says, "Stop! You almost ate Herman Melville", and the monster responded, so they name him Herman Melville. They show it to Mrs. Dink, who\'s the mayor. She tells Doug and Skeeter not to tell anyone about Herman and the polluted lake or else Mr. Bluff will kill the story. Mrs. Dink tries to come up with a plan to make sure Mr. Bluff would not interfere. But all this commotion with the monster makes Doug forget that he was supposed to meet Patti at Mr. Swirly\'s. When he remembers this, he runs to Swirly\'s as fast as he can using the quickest shortcuts that he knows. Once he gets there, he doesn\'t see Patti. He asks Mr. Swirly if he\'s seen her, and he says the she was here for a while and looked very upset, and then left with a guy who kept talking about his big plans for a dance. When Doug heard this, he knew that this guy was no one else but Guy Graham, a snobby upper classman who wants Patti. Meanwhile, Roger and the AV nerds are building a robot to kidnap Herman, but when they build the robot it acts like Roger\'s babysitter. Doug then rushes to the Funkytown night club, where Guy and Patti are working on the dance. He apologizes to Patti there and she accepts his apology. But Guy cuts in and says that Doug is just a stupid little kid. Doug, very angry now, says that he has proof that Bluff is polluting the lake . Guy then calls Doug a liar. Doug then invites them both to the report that is being held in front of Mr. Dink\'s house about Herman and the pollution. Doug then leaves, but the picture of the monster falls out of his pocket without him knowing. Guy picks up the picture and realizes that Doug was telling the truth; he then calls Bluff, with whom he has connections to. The next day, Patti asked Doug to bring Guy. Doug allows it in hopes to get back at him. At the reporting, Doug sees that a news reporters camera is inflatable. He then realizes that the news company is a fake, that it is supporting Bill Bluff and trying to compensate the monster. Doug then has to tell everyone that there has been a mistake, Patti gets mad at him, thinks that he is a liar and walks away with Guy. That night, Bluff finds the boys with Herman and kidnaps the monster. The next morning, Doug knows that this is his last chance to save Herman. He goes to the school newspaper room, hoping to find Guy who can lead him to Bluff. Hoping he can asked Guy for help and he was going to swallow his pride for nothing because Guy wasn\'t going to help him. Guy isn\'t in the room, but Doug sees a newspaper article that says that Mr. Bluff and his men blast a monster to smitherines at a school dance. Doug is at first sad and believes that Herman has died, but he then realizes that the school dance isn\'t until tonight and this is what is being planned to happen so, Doug and Skeeter call Roger and The Sleech twins to help. At the school dance, he has to make the biggest choice of his life, going after Patti or saving Herman. When he does that, Bluff catches the quintet in front of Crystal Lake and starts to enslave them, but is stopped by Mrs. Dink. Beebe arrives and forces her father off of the scene to defend her friends. Doug then finds Patti in front of the woods and Doug tries to tell her he is in love with her but is interrupted by Herman. With the return of Herman and a copy of the newspaper Patti sees that Doug had been telling her the truth all along and dumps Guy. Also Skeeter gives Herman the Moby Dick book for something to eat in the lake and Herman also gives Doug a flower to give to Porkchop to which Porkchop comes running out of the woods into Herman\'s arms. The kids say goodbye to Herman; after Herman jumps back into the lake, Doug tells Patti he likes her and Roger almost becomes friends with Doug, but is interrupted by the robot. Doug starts dancing with Patti and Skeeter dances with Beebe as the music continues in the background. Doug closes his journal by saying he was worried about looking like a loser and he learns to do the right thing.'] ['A Chinese man robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, he becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor. Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin\'s place, if not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Passepartout start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them. Passepartout and Phileas journey to Paris. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Passepartout leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Passepartout is attacked by warriors sent by General Fang, who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas\'s ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang\'s warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where they are greeted by Prince Hapi. The Prince orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed but the three travellers escape. Lord Kelvin learns that Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief\'s escape. He orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Passepartout sees notice of the price on his head and warns his companions. Disguised as women they evade the police but are attacked by Fang\'s warriors. Using Inspector Fix and a sextant as weapons, they defeat their assailants and flee to China. Passepartout leads his friends to his village where they are happily greeted. They spend several days there and are attacked by the Black Scorpions. Phileas, Monique and Passepartout, whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing, are held captive. Lau Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight. At first he fights alone and is defeated; moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which he is one. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, unhappy that his companions used him, leaves China alone. He travels to San Francisco and is tricked out of his money. He is found by Lau Xing and Monique. In the desert they find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine. Phileas finds the brothers\' plans brilliant but suggests a few changes. Lau Xing, Monique, and Phileas\' next stop is New York City, where a crowd greets them, making it impossible for them to reach their ship. A policeman takes them through a building he claims is a shortcut, but it is an ambush. Fang\'s minions made arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lau Xing\'s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it, but if Phileas wins the bet Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty was constructed, ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique. The three friends are victorious. Though Phileas could have gotten the boat, he misses it to help Lau Xing. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship\'s old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using the changed Wright brothers\' plans, Phileas builds a plane while the ship\'s crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them from making it to the top step of the Royal Academy of Science, and the clock strikes noon, ending the wager. Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin\'s unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who is nearby listening. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested, but vows revenge on all of England, especially Phileas. Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique, victorious in his bet.'] ["Charlie Rockit's aunt and uncle are in danger of losing their farm because they need $50,000 to replace their tractor. To raise the money, Chuck E. Cheese and his friends decide to race in the Galaxy 5000 on the planet Orion . They face many challenges, including a racing vehicle that's practically junk, cheating competitors, and a woman named Astrid whom Chuck E. falls for but who's only interested in the prize money. Everything seems to go from bad to worse for Chuck E., but just when he's at his lowest point, he meets a hermit named Harry who gets him to believe in himself and helps him train for the race. During the race, Chuck E. overcomes the cheaters' maneuvers, getting stuck in a forest, and his own self-doubts to reach the finish line. After winning the price, Chuck E. and his friends head home."] ['The show opens with Larry the Cucumber driving onto the countertop in a brand-new "Soo-Vee Action Jeep", which Larry has been wanting for a long time. Though Bob the Tomato thinks that Larry\'s now happy, the cucumber admits that he won\'t be happy until he has all the additional vehicles in the Soo-Vee line. Bob sees Larry\'s problem as a good theme for the episode. The French Peas Jean-Claude and Philippe then appear and segue the theme into their own story. The story introduces Madame Blueberry, a rich but perpetually "blue" woman who lives in a sparsely-decorated treehouse. Though her butlers  attend to her every whim, they find themselves unable to lift Blueberry out of her doldrums. The only happiness she seems to get is from looking at photographs of all the amazing possessions her neighbors own, which she keeps in various photo frames. One day, a trio of salesmen  arrive at Blueberry\'s treehouse to promote their new "Stuff-Mart," a department store, under the claim that they\'ve got anything and everything she needs to be happy. Though Bob has his doubts, Blueberry goes along with the sales pitch and follows them to Stuff-Mart. Madame Blueberry and her butlers follow the salesmen to the Stuff-Mart. Along the way, she sees a poor, but, happy girl celebrating her birthday with her parents who could only afford 1 piece of pie for her birthday dinner. Blueberry wonders why the girl is happy even with so little. She goes on and buys 1 of everything she sees in the store . She gets so many stuff that she accepts an offer to continue shopping while the stuff was delivered to her house. Loads of carts go out the door to her home for deliveries . During a lunch break, she sees Junior Asparagus being happy with his dad buying a ball for him at the "Stuff Mart," despite his disappointment over learning that his dad couldn\'t afford the train set he really wanted. Blueberry wonders how come the boy was happy even though he wasn\'t getting the 1 thing he really wanted and why she wasn\'t happy even though she was getting the many things she wanted. The Scallions return to her to take her to see toaster ovens. Seeing that she already had a wonderful home and two loyal friends in her butlers, Blueberry realizes her folly in not being thankful for what she had and tells the salesmen that she is done giving in to their materialistic temptations. When she leaves the Stuff-Mart, however, Blueberry sees her tree tipping over due to all the stuff inside her house weighing it down. Grabbing a shopping cart, Blueberry tries to catch up to the delivery peas, but is unable to stop the final delivery, a giant air compressor, from arriving at her house. The final heavy object proves to be too much for the poor tree house to handle: the back door forces itself open and dumps every one of Blueberry\'s purchases into the lake below. In turn, the sudden loss of weight causes the tree to fling Blueberry\'s house out of its branches, over the forest, and onto the ground, where it immediately collapses into a wreck. As the story draws to a close, Blueberry is with her butlers, the birthday girl, Junior, and their respective parents. Though homeless at the moment, Blueberry nonetheless is finally happy for having such caring people be with her. At last, the blue berry has understood that "a thankful heart is a happy heart".'] ['In "The Barbie Diaries," Barbie is portrayed as a typical American teenager who is a sophomore in high school who encounters the problems that real-life teens often encounter: making new friends, dating, gossip, and getting involved in school. She always gets beaten in everything by Raquelle, a snobby girl who used to be her best friend in fifth grade. On the first day of school, she attempts to become anchorwoman for the school TV station but Raquelle beats her to it. Instead, she becomes Raquelle\'s personal assistant, buying her drinks and doing her work. When Raquelle dumps Todd he and Barbie began hanging out together and soon become a couple. Todd asks Barbie to the Fall Formal. Thrilled, Barbie as well as her friends Tia and Courtney rush to buy a dress when they discover that Raquelle and Todd are together again. The mysterious woman at the counter, whose name is Stephanie, gives them advice and offers them some charm bracelets for free. Barbie\'s happens to come with a diary which she writes her hopes in. Soon after, what she wrote starts to mysteriously "come true." Someone—who she thinks is Todd—leaves her love notes, and her band, Charmz, gets a gig at the school dance that Barbie was previously invited to. Next, Barbie decides to do a piece on popular kids and "What Makes Them Popular." She soon starts to neglect her friends and does not tell the popular girls Dawn & Reagan that the story is quite mean. She even skips Tia\'s class-president election to hang out with Dawn and Reagan. She starts skipping band practice, and spends hours talking to them on the phone and hanging out with them. Barbie realizes that her hopes written in the diary "came true" and rushes to the mall to ask Stephanie about it. To her shock, it is revealed that the woman never worked there and apparently does not exist. Tia and Courtney discover that it is Kevin—Barbie\'s longtime friend-that has been leaving her the love notes. They pressure him to tell her but he refuses. Dawn and Reagan find out that Barbie only befriended them because of her story and stop hanging out with her. They tell Raquelle she has been receiving notes from Todd even though they are still together. And it is all because of some magic bracelet. Soon, Raquelle steals Barbie\'s so-called "magic bracelet". Tia and Courtney watch footage of the story, and they discover that Barbie has told them a secret about Tia. They confront her and let her know that they no longer want to be friends with her. The night of the story, Barbie apologizes to her friends and chooses to instead showcase Kevin\'s film clips depicting a paperclip chain attacking his eBook. On the night of the dance , her friends arrive and tell her that she has to perform with them, giving her the dress that they put on hold for her at the mall. Still worried as she has no bracelet, Kevin takes one of her guitar strings and loops it around her wrist. Barbie points out that it is a "stupid piece of bent metal" until she realizes that that is what her bracelet was. The girls rock the concert with Courtney finally able to do a drum stick manuveour that she couldn\'t do before. Barbie and Todd dance until Todd reveals that he\'d never written any such notes. Confused, she thinks back to other people who were in the places the notes had said. Realizing that it was Kevin all along, Barbie leaves in the middle of the dance and goes over to Kevin. Kevin gives her back the charm bracelet that he found on the ground . She apologizes for never realizing, but points out that the bizarre rhyming in the notes was a giveaway: "Who else would rhyme scary with library?" The two dance together and now a couple. Then they date and watch movies together, now in love .'] ["Two teenage best friends, Hailey Rogers ([[JoJo  and Claire Brown , regret that they will be separated in five days, since Hailey has to move to Australia because of her mother's  job. One night, after a violent storm, Hailey wishes for a miracle that will make her mother change her mind about moving, and so they find a mermaid named Aquamarine  in the swimming pool of their beach club. The girls are frightened at first, but then curious. They start to talk with Aquamarine and promise her they will be back in the morning. The next morning, Claire wakes up and hears a strange commotion down at the swimming pool where they left Aquamarine. Claire's grandparents Bob and Maggie  were clearing the pool because of the huge storm. Both Claire and Hailey quickly rush down to save Aquamarine but when they reach the pool, everything has been cleared. They hear noises by the nearby beach's snack shack and find a nude Aquamarine. The only difference is that she has legs instead of a mermaid's tail. Aquamarine tells them she can assume human form on land during the day if she does not get wet. Claire and Hailey become friends with Aquamarine, who tells them that she came to land to find love, an idea she knows nothing about, but desires desperately. She tells them that she made a deal with her father that if she can prove love is not a myth, she will not have to undergo an arranged marriage to a spoiled merman, but she only has three days to do it. She notices a handsome lifeguard named Raymond , whom Claire and Hailey have admired for a while, and enlists the help of the two girls to win his heart in return for granting their wish. The girls see their opportunity to keep Hailey from moving and quickly work on prepping Aquamarine on the how-tos of attracting a man. These self-educated relationship experts, having gained all their knowledge from reading magazines every day and often quote them, soon realize it's a lot easier said than done. Claire and Hailey's rival - a spoiled, rich girl named Cecilia  - tries her best to stop them, but ultimately fails, causing her father to cut off her driving privileges. Also prominent is an eccentric, compassionate caretaker, Leonard , rescues Aquamarine from public discovery and then Aqua grants him a wish; he now has a lovely relationship with Bonnie , his long-time crush. Eventually, it is not Raymond that convinces Aquamarine's father about love, but Claire and Hailey, who are willing to give up their wish and their lives in the aiding of a friend. Raymond and Aquamarine share a kiss and promise to meet up again in the future, Raymond promises he'll wait for her. Hailey and Claire get their wish from Aquamarine, but decide not to use it until later. Aquamarine gives both Hailey and Claire a starfish earring, which tell Hailey she is beautiful inside and out, and Claire is courageous and has a true heart. Aquamarine says that they can always call her on her shell phone."] ["Melissa Morris  desperately tries to gain more attention from her always preoccupied father, Neil, a best-selling author . Melissa lives in the shadow of Tripp Zoome , the adventurous and clever hero from her father's popular spy novels. Before a long overdue father-daughter vacation, her father gets kidnapped by obsessive fans: Wheeze  with his friend, Sheldon , and his brother, Andre . The tables turn however, when she must team up with them to find and rescue him from Merv , and brothers Maurice  and Skunk . It turns out Merv is just using Skunk and Maurice as part of a plan to get Neil to write one final book using his daughter as a reader. Wheeze, Andre and Sheldon get all of the Trip Zoome fans in town to gather together to rescue Melissa and Neil and they attack when Melissa manages to signal them. The fans attack Merv, Maurice and Skunk and they try to run but are stopped by more fans. Merv sneaks out with Neil while Skunk and Maurice go after Melissa who escapes. Melissa defeats them and ties them up. Merv nearly gets away, but Sheldon, who had been trying to find where everyone went, spots him and alerts everyone else. Neil is rescued, but Merv tries to get away. As he runs, Skunk and Maurice, still tied up, come out and see this and regretting what they've done use what they're tied up with to trip Merv, knocking him down and ending his escape. The police arrest Maurice and Skunk while Neil thanks his fans. Wheeze gives his number to Melissa before she and her father leave on their long-overdue vacation."] ["Nick Persons  sold his collectables store and has had Suzanne , Kevin  and Lindsey  move into his apartment after Suzanne and Nick were married. While getting ready for an interview with Magic Johnson, Suzanne tells Nick that she is pregnant. While at a bar talking to his friend, Suzanne comes in and tells Nick they are having twins. For more space, Suzanne and Nick go check out a house even though Lindsey and Kevin are against it. In the house, they meet Chuck Mitchell Jr. . After some talking, Nick decides to take the house. They find out that the house has mold and Nick did not get the house inspected.Throughout most of the movie Nick is angry with Chuck, and at one point Lindsey sneaks out to go to a party, which Nick finds out about and grounds her. Now with the whole family against Nick, he has more to come when Chuck almosts destroys their house, so Nick fires him. Because Nick fired Chuck, Suzanne, Lindsey, and Kevin move out, to the guest house; in Suzanne's words,  Your the one who's tearing this family apart! After some time to think, Nick decides to fix the house on his own and apologizes to Chuck. So in loyalty Chuck brings his friends back to finish the house, including Lindsey and Kevin. When Suzanne goes into labor and the hospital 30 minutes away, Nick and Lindsey have to deliver the babies. Chuck tries to get there, but his truck breaks down. He power walks down to the house. While she's still in labor, Nick gets a call from Magic. After Suzanne gives birth to twins, the movie fast forwards to six months later in their backyard. There is a major barbecue and Nick presents his new magazine to everyone. As the credits come, there are pictures of blueprints and an animated family representing the Persons family."] ["Mowgli is living in the Man Village with the girl who lured him in, Shanti, his adopted brother Ranjan, and their parents. However, Mowgli longs to return to the fun of the jungle, and after nearly leading the other children of the village into the jungle, is punished by his adopted father for trying to lead them into danger. Meanwhile, in the jungle, Shere Khan has returned to Baloo and Bagheera's part of the jungle to exact revenge on Mowgli. Baloo sneaks into the Man Village and gets Mowgli to come with him to live in the jungle; however, unbeknownst to them, Shere Khan also infiltrated the village, only to be chased off by the village people. In the ensuing chaos of the tiger's attack, Shanti and Ranjan go into the jungle to retrieve Mowgli, believing that Baloo is a hostile animal and kidnapped the boy. Bagheera hears of Mowgli's departure from the village when the humans search the jungle for him, and immediately suspects Baloo. Mowgli instructs Baloo to scare off Shanti should she appear, and bemoans the boring life he had in the Man Village. Baloo and Mowgli journey to King Louie's old temple , however when the animals of the jungle mock Shanti and other aspects of Mowgli's life in the Man Village, the boy leaves, offended. He runs into Shanti and Ranjan, but Baloo scares Shanti as Mowgli wanted him to. When the truth comes out that Mowgli ordered Baloo to scare her, Shanti and Ranjan run away and leave Mowgli. Baloo recognizes that Mowgli misses his old life, but when Mowgli tries to make amends with his human friends, they are attacked by Shere Khan. The tiger chases Mowgli and Shanti to a temple built above a lake of lava, and Baloo leaves Ranjan with Bagheera while he goes to protect Mowgli. After confusing Shere Khan by banging several different gongs, Shanti's presence is revealed to Shere Khan. Baloo fights Shere Khan just as Mowgli is about to give himself up to save Shanti, but the tiger chases the two children to a statue across a pit of lava. Shere Khan is trapped within the statue's mouth, and it plummets into the lava below. With his nemesis defeated, Mowgli returns to the Man Village with Shanti and Ranjan, but they still visit Baloo and Bagheera in the jungle regularly."] ['Strawberry Shortcake: Pets on Parade chronicles Strawberryland\'s "Second Annual Grand Old Petable Pet Show and Pet Parade." Strawberry Shortcake and her cat, Custard, are the judges of the pet show, but the Purple Pieman and Sour Grapes plan to enter their own pets into the show and frame Strawberry for cheating.'] ['The film opens in a barn with a mother cat who has given birth to kittens. One of the kittens is named Milo , and has a habit of being too curious and getting himself into trouble. He finds a pug puppy named Otis , and they soon become friends. They then look after Gloria\'s chick, who thinks Otis is his mother. Otis convinces the chick that Otis is not his mother by acting tough on Milo and scaring the Chick. When Milo is playing inside a box floating in the river, he accidentally drifts downstream. Otis runs after Milo. Milo goes on many adventures, escaping one incident after another. He encounters two bears; escapes from the desolate, raven-infested Deadwood Swamp; steals a muskrat from a fox cache; follows a train-track to the home of a female deer, who shelters him; sleeps in an Owl\'s "dreaming nest"; stays for a while with a sow pig and her piglets; catches a fish, only to have it stolen by a raccoon; is mobbed by seagulls; and evades the third bear, then a snake, only to fall into a hole. Otis, for his part, follows Milo throughout, usually only an hour behind and less than a mile out of range. Finally, the two catch up with one another while Milo is in the hole, Otis pulls him out by means of a rope. Milo and Otis are reunited, and soon find mates of their own: Joyce, a cat, for Milo; and Sandra, a pug, for Otis. After this, they separate and raise puppies and kittens. They help each other\'s families to survive the harsh winter and find their way back together through the forest to their barn, living together.'] ['In a magical kingdom, the Queen wants to surprise her daughter, Princess Annika, with a birthday gift. When she opens the door to Annika\'s room, she discovers that Annika is missing, having gone to an ice rink without asking for permission. Out skating, Annika meets a small polar bear whom she names Shiver. When Annika returns to the palace, her parents are so worried and overprotective they forbid her from skating ever again. That night, Annika sneaks out of the palace to join a festival. A powerful wizard named Wenlock appears and asks the princess to marry him. When Annika refuses, Wenlock furiously tells the king and queen the fate of their "other daughter," which surprises Annika. Wenlock magically turns everyone into stone, but Annika is saved by Brietta, a flying horse, but Wenlock tells her that she has three days to marry him, otherwise the spell will be permanent. Brietta takes Annika to a castle in the clouds called the Cloud Kingdom. There Annika discovers that "the other daughter" of the king and queen is Brietta, who was transformed into a Pegasus by Wenlock when she refused to marry him . Annika decides to build the "Wand of Light" to break Wenlock\'s spell. In order to accomplish this, they must have a measure of courage, a ring of love and a gem of ice lit by hope\'s eternal flame. The Cloud Queen gives Brietta a crystal bell to ring if she is in need of help. The group travels to the Forbidden Forest, where they meet a young man named Aidan who helps them after they get caught in a net. When Shiver and Annika fall into a giant\'s stew pot, Annika tricks him into chaining himself to a post, and uses her hair ribbon to climb out. The ribbon is the same size as her, and as a measure of courage, it turns into a staff for the Wand of Light. After trading Annika\'s skates for a fake map, the group finds themselves in a large cavern filled with gems, where a sign tells them to take only what they need. Although they get 2 gems, Shiver causes a cave-in thanks to his amazement of the gems\' sparkles, which they narrowly manage to escape. As Aidan starts to forge the Wand, he reveals that he ran away from his parents and lost all of his money gambling. He got an extra gem to bring to his parents so that he could get their forgiveness. Brietta offers her tiara to make the ring of love. With all three objects, the "Wand of Light" is assembled. To prove that the Wand works, Annika asks for Brietta to be a human from the bottom of her heart. Then, Brietta transformed back into a human. Annika and Brietta return to the Cloud Kingdom on two pegasuses summoned by the Cloud Queen\'s bell, but Wenlock pursues them, hurting Brietta. Angrily Annika asks the wand to destroy Wenlock. But it does not work. Annika gives up. Finally she agrees to marry Wenlock if he changes her parents and the people back to normal persons. Wenlock refuses her for she is hateful, just like his other wives. He sneers at her, taking the wand from Annika\'s hand. He causes a snowslide, trapping Annika. Immediately Aidan comes and helps to dig Annika out. Aidan and Brietta brings an unconscious Annika to the Cloud Kingdom. After Annika wakes up, the trio go to Wenlock\'s place. Blush decides not to give the clouds a dusk color to give Annika more time after some persuasion by Rose. While Brietta guards the pegasus, Annika, Aidan, and Shiver slides to the green castle. Aidan fights against Griffin as Annika searches for the wand. When she finds the wand, suddenly the gem falls. Fortunately Aidan gives Annika his own. Realizing how to work the Wand, Annika asks it to defeat Wenlock for the love of her family and friends. Wenlock turns to be an ordinary person and the spell on Annika\'s parents is broken. Annika shows them Brietta and the entire family celebrates together, while Aidan\'s father forgives him. Aidan makes Annika meet his father too. The end scene shows Aidan and Annika skating in the cloud palace. Both Aidan and Annika are wearing crowns, signifying that they have gotten married. Brietta remarks that they look happy, and gifts the Cloud Queen with the Wand, who replies that it will be the first star at night.'] [' Schoolgirl Shizuku Tsukishima lives in Tokyo, Japan with her parents Asako and Seiya. She is a bookworm and is keen on writing. One evening, she looks through the checkout cards in her library books. She notices they have all been checked out by the same person - someone named Seiji Amasawa. Over the next few days, Shizuku encounters a tall, annoying boy. Shizuku finds a cat riding a train and follows it, discovering an antique shop run by Shiro Nishi. At the shop is a cat statuette, "The Baron." The tall boy is the grandson of Nishi. Shizuku\'s friend Yuko Harada is interested in Sugimura, a sports-playing boy in the same class as the girls. Sugimura inadvertently upsets Yuko, as he has no idea Yuko likes him. Later, Shizuku and Sugimura have a falling out; Sugimura reveals that he likes Shizuku, but it is impossible, as Yuko is Shizuku\'s best friend. Shizuku goes into depression and heads to the antique shop. While there, she sings Take Me Home, Country Roads accompanied by the tall boy and Shiro, and discovers that the tall boy and Seiji Amasawa are the same person. Shizuku and Seiji become close. However, Seiji is learning to make violins to follow his dream as a master luthier. Days after the two meet, Seiji leaves for Cremona, Italy, for a two month trial with a master violin-maker. Devastated but resolute, Shizuku wants to test her talents as well. Discussing with Yuko, she decides to pursue her writing seriously during the two months. She asks Nishi if she can write about The Baron, which once had a female companion statuette, Louise. As Shizuku begins to tell her story while walking home, she dreams of a fantasy sequence featuring The Baron. Devoting her time to her writing, Shizuku eats snack food, stays up until 4:00 a.m., and her school grades drop. The next fantasy sequence depicts Shizuku dreaming about Louise and the arrival of the fairytale\'s villain. Shizuku, her older sister Shiho, and Seiya and Asako argue over Shizuku\'s grades. Shizuku dreams the third and last part of her story; however, it turns into a nightmare. Meanwhile, Nishi dreams about the lost love of his youth arriving at his door. As the dream finishes, Shizuku arrives at his door. With her story complete, Shizuku delivers the manuscript to Nishi. After Nishi reads Shizuku\'s writing, she breaks down in tears. Consoling her with noodles, Nishi explains that Seiji needed considerably more noodles after Seiji made his first violin. Nishi reveals to Shizuku that he and his first love, Louise, were students in Germany; they discovered the cat statuettes in a cafe. The two young people and the two cat statuettes were separated during World War II. Deciding she wants to attend high school to learn more about writing, Nishi drives Shizuku home and she tells Asako her trials are over "for now." The next morning, she discovers Seiji below on his bicycle. He has returned a day early, and he is truly going to go to Cremona to become a luthier. They ride his bike to a lookout and watch the sun rise over the city, where Seiji proposes future marriage to Shizuku and profess his love for her to which she happily accepts.'] ['MVP 2 opens with the lovable Jack being invited to play for the simians hockey team, but when the carjackers team sets Jack up by making it look like he bit one of the players, Jack leaves while other simians players look for him. Jack meets Ben, a runaway homeless skater boy, who lives in a shack at an old pool. Over time, the two become best friends, but when a police officer finds out where Jack and Ben live, they have to leave the pool. When leaving the pool, Ben breaks his board but was going to enter a skating competition and get sponsored. Jack goes to Oliver plant\'s garbage can full of old skateboard stuff but Oliver finds Ben who tells him about his board and the competition so Oliver gives him a board to use. They stay with Oliver overnight with him not knowing about the pool incident, but when Oliver says "good night, Ben," Ben suspects him of knowing that he was a runaway. Jack asks him to stay since there is no other place to sleep, Ben agrees. Earlier in the story, Oliver gets a visit from someone who deals with children like Ben so that night Oliver calls her and says he found Ben. The next day they go to the competition and when it\'s Ben\'s turn, he says he can\'t do it, but Jack realizes he has the uncanny ability to skateboard. He says he would ride with Ben, so Ben decides to do it. Ben wins the competition and gets sponsored by Bob Burnquist and Oliver adopts Ben. Meanwhile, Louie, Jack\'s little brother, gets a ride to Seattle and pretends to be Jack, being terrible at hockey. But Jack shows up and wins ZHL cup for the simians. After the Simians win and Jack and Louie decide to go back home, Ben gives Louie a skate board so Jack can teach him. In the last part of the movie, Louie rides down a ramp back at their home.'] ['Little Bear and Father Bear go out camping and they meet a new young bear named Cub and his friend Little Moose. Then Little Bear is met with Trouble the Mountain lion, but Cub saves him. Cub tries to get acquainted with Little Bear\'s house then plays with Little Bear and his friends, Cat, Owl, Duck, and Hen. When they learn that Cub\'s parents got lost, they search for them. Little Bear, Cub, and Duck get separated from Moose and the others. They soon encounter Cub\'s friends Poppy and Pete the two silly red foxes. When they get to the Canyon, Trouble spies on them and tries to eat Duck, but Poppy and Pete save Duck. Little Bear manages to "defeat" Trouble and find Cub\'s parents.'] [' Walter lives with his human brother Gary in Smalltown. They became Muppet fans when they watched The Muppet Show in their youth. Gary plans a vacation to Los Angeles with his girlfriend, Mary to celebrate their tenth anniversary, inviting Walter along so he can tour the Muppet Studios. Mary feels that Gary\'s devotion to Walter is detracting from their relationship. In Los Angeles, the three visit the abandoned Muppet studio. During the tour, Walter sneaks into Kermit the Frog\'s office and discovers Statler and Waldorf selling the theater to Tex Richman, an oil magnate, and his henchmen Bobo the Bear and Uncle Deadly. Waldorf explains that if the Muppets can raise $10&nbsp;million they can repurchase the theater. After Statler and Waldorf leave the office, Walter overhears Richman revealing his plans to destroy the Muppet Theater and drill for oil underneath, and later warns Gary and Mary about Richman\'s intentions. When Kermit the Frog is informed the situation at his mansion, he realizes he must organize a show to raise the money, which the Muppets have not done in years. After Walter convinces him to try, Kermit and the three set off to reunite the group with the car being driven by \'80s Robot. Fozzie Bear is performing in Reno, Nevada with the Moopets, a group of uncouth Muppet impersonators which includes a man dressed as Animal. Kermit persuades him to leave Reno. Meanwhile, Gonzo has become a plumbing magnate. Despite his initial objection, Gonzo decides to destroy his business and join them. Animal is in a celebrity anger-management clinic. He rejoins them, but his sponsor Jack Black warns him to avoid drums. The other primary Muppets are located and rejoin through a montage. In Paris, the group later finds Miss Piggy working as Vogue Paris{{\'}}s editor for "plus-sized" fashion. Unable to convince Miss Piggy to return, the group replaces her with Moopet counterpart Miss Poogy. The Muppets pitch their telethon idea to FOX, NBC, and Univision, but are rejected. Due to the sudden cancellation of a popular show resulting from a lawsuit, CDE network executive Veronica gives the Muppets a two-hour opening in the network\'s schedule on the condition that they find a celebrity guest. The Muppets repair the theater, but their rehearsal fails and Kermit is unable to find a celebrity guest. Miss Piggy returns and forces Miss Poogy out. Refusing to work with Kermit, Miss Piggy selects Pepe the King Prawn as her partner for a dance routine. Kermit later persuades Walter to perform and find his talent, while Mary goes sight-seeing alone. When Kermit entreats Richman to return their studio, the oil magnate reveals that the Muppets will also lose their trademark name and rights which he plans to give to the Moopets. Miss Piggy has the Muppets kidnap Jack Black as a celebrity guest. Meanwhile, after Gary forgets his anniversary with Mary, she leaves for Smalltown. When Gary attempts to explain to Walter about Mary\'s problem, he realizes what he has done. Gary chooses to improve his relationship with Mary, while Walter discovers he was meant to be a Muppet. Gary reconciles with Mary and they return to Los Angeles, while the telethon builds up to success with celebrity support and Black as host. With help from Bobo the Bear, Uncle Deadly, and the Moopets, Richman cuts the theater\'s power supply, but Gary and Mary repair the wiring. Richman then attempts to destroy the transmitter antenna, but Uncle Deadly has a change of heart and stops Richman. Miss Piggy reconciles with Kermit and the Muppets perform "Rainbow Connection". With the telethon running short, Walter finds his talent and performs a whistling act, and the crowd praises him. Richman, refusing to lose, disables the telephone lines and evicts them from the theater, out of time and short of their monetary goal. Kermit says that the Muppets tried their best, and will begin again as a family, before leaving with Walter, Gary, and Mary. The group then witnesses a vast gathering of fans outside the theater. With Gary\'s encouragement, Walter greets the crowd with the Muppets as Gary proposes to Mary and Richman gives the theater and rights back to the Muppets after suffering a head injury from Gonzo\'s bowling ball act.'] ["Long Bill Longley and his best friend, Tom Merwin , team up to stop a bad guy named Calliope Catesby. Meanwhile, a sneaky TV reporter tries to make Wanda Gilmore  seem as if she's the town tyrant. It is up to Wishbone and his friends to come to Wanda's rescue."] [" Taking place in the final months of World War II in Japan, Grave of the Fireflies is the tale of the relationship between two orphaned children, 14-year-old Seita and his young 4-year-old sister Setsuko. The film opens in Sannomiya Station on September 21, 1945, and portrays Seita, in rags and dying of starvation. A janitor comes and digs through his possessions, and finds a candy tin containing ashes and bones. He throws it out, and from it spring the spirits of Setsuko and Seita, as well as a cloud of fireflies. The spirit of Seita continues to narrate their story, which is, in effect, an extended flashback to Japan near the end of World War II, during the firebombing of the city of Kobe. The flashback begins with a fleet of American B-29 Superfortress bombers flying overhead. Setsuko and Seita, the two siblings, are left to secure the house and their belongings, allowing their mother, who suffers from a heart condition, to reach a bomb shelter. They are caught off-guard as the bombers begin to drop hundreds of incendiary bomblets, which start huge fires that quickly destroy their neighbourhood and most of the city. Although they survive unscathed, their mother is caught in the air raid and is horribly burned. She is taken to a makeshift clinic in a school, but dies a short time later. Having nowhere else to go, Setsuko and Seita move in with a distant aunt, who allows them to stay but convinces Seita to sell his mother's kimonos for rice. While living with their relatives, Seita goes out to retrieve leftover supplies he had buried in the ground before the bombing. He gives all of it to his aunt, but hides a small tin of fruit drops, which becomes a recurrent icon throughout the film. Their aunt continues to shelter them, but as their food rations continue to shrink due to the war, she becomes increasingly resentful. She openly remarks on how they do nothing to earn the food she cooks. Seita and Setsuko finally decide to leave and move into an abandoned bomb shelter. They release fireflies into the shelter for light, but Setsuko is horrified to find that the next day they are all dead. She digs them a grave and buries them all, asking why they have to die, and why her mother had to die. What begins as a new lease on life grows grim as they run out of rice, and Seita is forced to steal from local farmers and loot homes during air raids. When he is caught, he realizes his desperation and takes an increasingly ill Setsuko to a doctor, who informs him that Setsuko is suffering from malnutrition but offers no help. In a panic, Seita withdraws all the money remaining in their mother's bank account. As he leaves the bank, he is distraught when he learns from a nearby crowd that Japan has surrendered unconditionally to the Allied Powers and that his father, a Captain in the Imperial Japanese Navy who had promised him that Japan could never be defeated, is probably dead, since nearly all of Japan's navy is now at the bottom of the ocean. He returns to the shelter with large quantities of food, only to find a dying Setsuko hallucinating. Seita hurries to cook, but Setsuko dies shortly thereafter. Seita uses supplies donated to him by a farmer to cremate Setsuko, and puts her ashes in the fruit tin which he carries with his father's photograph, until his own death from malnutrition in Sannomiya Station a few weeks later. In the film's final scene, the spirits of Seita and Setsuko are seen healthy, well-dressed and happy as they sit together, surrounded by fireflies, and look down on the modern city of Kobe."] ['On the countertop, Bob and Larry both get letters from two different kids. Bob gets a letter from a kid from Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, and Larry gets a letter from a kid from San Antonio, Texas about being bullied and what God says to do about it and start a couple of stories. In "Bully Trouble", Junior is a young boy who is discouraged when a big bully named Mount Gordon claims the playground as his own and threatens to pound anyone who trespasses. Back in his tree house, Junior starts daydreaming about being very heroic with Gordon always being the antagonist of his dreams. When he declares that he is not afraid, Dad comes and gives him advice on how to overcome his fears. Later, the kids return to the playground. Gordon appears and threatens to pound Junior every day. But soon, the other kids gain courage to stand up to Gordon as well. Gordon leaves and everyone cheers. In the Silly Love Song "Pizza Angel," Larry sends out for a pizza, but for some reason, it takes a long time to arrive. Larry sings about missing his pizza in the style of a teen tragedy. Towards the middle of the song, some pea angels appear as backup singers. Finally, Jimmy [Gourd] arrives and tells Larry that he couldn\'t find his house, so he got hungry and ate his pizza. The main feature, "Minnesota Cuke", begins with Minnesota searching for the Golden Carrot Nose of the Indomitable Snowman in the Himalayas. However, after a chain of events, his arch enemy, Professor Rattan, ends up swiping the Golden Carrot Nose and declaring, "Finders keepers!" At the Moose Lake, Minnesota Children\'s Museum, Minnesota complains about Rattan to his assistant, Martin. Then, a Parkman from New York City arrives to inform Minnesota about a plot to steal Samson\'s hairbrush, which is believed to possess the great powers of Samson. Apparently, Canadians want to use the power of the hairbrush to take over both halves of Niagara Falls. Assuming that Samson\'s strength came from his long hair, Minnesota decides he wants to use the power of the brush to get revenge on Rattan. Martin tries to tell him that the trip won\'t be about getting even with Rattan but Cuke rejects Martin\'s idea in favour of his own. The first stop in his search, is an ice cream shop in Malta. He seeks advice from an old friend, a former archaeologist named Julia. She gives him an address where he can find out more. Shortly after he leaves, Rattan arrives seeking the same information. When Julia refuses, Rattan sets the freezer to melt causing strawberry ice cream to flood the entire shop. Minnesota returns to save Julia, and she informs Minnesota they need to go to Seville. In the Barbershop of Seville, they are welcomed by barbers Figaro and Leo, who tell Minnesota of the Catacombs where the hairbrush is secluded. They offer him a map, which Rattan immediately steals. However, they also inform Minnesota of a shortcut to the Catacombs. Minnesota finds the hairbrush, but is confronted by Rattan , and the Parkman  who have captured Julia. Minnesota offers him the brush for Julia\'s freedom. Martin calls and claims that the brush has no power, that Samson\'s power came from God rather than the artifact. Minnesota and Julia escape the Catacombs but again run into Rattan and the Parkman. Figaro and Leo arrive with two Canadian Mounties who attempt to arrest Rattan, but Minnesota shows compassion by convincing them to let him go. This redeems Rattan, who offers the brush in return for friendship and Minnesota keeps it in Martin\'s Children\'s Museum. Back at the countertop the lessons learned are that sometimes we can\'t do anything to change a bully and that God doesn\'t want us to try to get even because that just make us bullies too but God wants to love them.'] [' The special is the story of Bardock, a so-called low-level soldier in Frieza\'s armed forces. At the outset of the story, his son, Kakarot, is born on Planet Vegeta, and is being prepared to be sent to a "frontier planet"  in order to destroy all life on the planet. Meanwhile, Bardock and his crew are on an assignment to exterminate all the lifeforms of Planet Kanassa. After the planet is seemingly devoid of all other life, Bardock and crew rest up and celebrate their victory until one remaining Kanassan warrior catches him off guard and decides to give him the "gift" of seeing the future, before being destroyed by Bardock. This gives him the ability to see the destruction of Planet Vegeta, and the oppression of the entire universe at the hands of Frieza. Bardock dismisses the visions, and goes to join his team on Planet Meat, but soon discovers his friends are all dead. He then briefly talks with the nearly deceased Tora, who tells him that Frieza ordered the attack on the crew, saying that Frieza was frightened by the growing power of the Saiyans. Horrified and then furious by his fallen comrade\'s words, he takes Tora\'s blood-soaked armband and wraps it around his head. He battles the ones responsible, and defeats them all, but is easily overwhelmed by a single mouth blast from Frieza\'s henchman Dodoria. He is left severely injured, but manages to return back to Planet Vegeta. Bardock now realizes Frieza intends to destroy the entire Saiyan race by annihilating their homeworld. Unfortunately, he is unable to convince the others of the approaching peril and, with no other choice, decides to confront Frieza himself. After penetrating Frieza\'s armed guard, Bardock sends a large energy blast at the tyrant himself, expecting a sure victory. However, Frieza counters this with his "Supernova" technique, which destroys Bardock, many of his own guards, and the Planet Vegeta itself. As he is dying, Bardock sees one more vision of the future: his son Kakarot facing Frieza. Being assured that Kakarot will be the one to defeat Frieza, Bardock gives a small smile as he disintegrates along with the planet. Bardock, after his death, telepathically tells his son Kakarot in the space pod to avenge the Saiyans, to which Kakarot wakes up. Elsewhere, Vegeta, having just completed an assignment on a far-off world, is informed by Nappa  of his homeworld\'s destruction, and that Frieza claims that the planet was destroyed by a huge meteor. Vegeta\'s pride keeps him from expressing his shock, and he remains outwardly emotionless. Soon afterward, Kakarot\'s space pod touches down on Earth, where he is found by an elder man named Gohan, gets amnesia by hitting his head causing him to lose his instincts then giggles happily in the old man\'s arms. Gohan then decides to adopt the boy as his own grandson, and gives him a new name, the name he will go by when he defeats Frieza-Goku.'] ['"All I Want For Christmas" is a comedy about two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Ethan, a practical older brother, and adorable Hallie, who knows how to charm her way out of a difficult situation, are intent on spending Christmas with their parents, Catherine and Michael, and grandmother Lillian. The children\'s divorced mother Catherine is about to remarry Tony. When Hallie goes to visit Santa Claus, she asks for an unusual gift - she wants her parents back together again. As Ethan and Hallie embark on their adventure, almost nothing goes exactly as they planned. Complicating things is a smarmy businessman named Tony Boer, who has taken an interest in Catherine. Ethan, meanwhile, is preoccupied with not only his parents\' romantic dilemma, but also his own - one brought about by his new friendship with Stephanie, his first teenage crush. What evolves is an elaborate scheme involving mice, telephone calls and an ice-cream truck, as Ethan and Hallie try to achieve their goal with the help of Stephanie. The duo\'s primary obstacle is their mother\'s fiance, Tony. The children finally succeed with a little Christmas magic from Santa Claus. .Rotten Tomatoes: All I Want for Christmas'] ['On the countertop, Bob and Larry welcome everyone to the show. Larry is acting nervous because he\'s hiding a toy aardvark behind his back. Bob asks why he\'s doing this Larry responds because he broke the aardvark craft which belongs to his father  following a trip to Indianapolis and since his father loves the animal he\'s afraid he\'ll hate him for breaking it. Bob is shocked and it also reminds him of a letter they got from a boy in Iowa who has been stealing things from others and is ashamed to go back to God because he thinks God hates him. And so, Bob plays the story. Darby played by Junior Asparagus resides at the O\' Gill farm and is the son of a Kansas floss farmer who, more than anything else in the world, just wants to have fun. When he learns about the Wonderful Land Of Ha’s – an amusement park with all the fixins – and its mysterious Wizard who promises to make his dreams come true, Darby is determined to go with his money despite his father warning that it is for college in the future. When his father tells him he’s needed to help with the harvest, Darby decides that nothing is going to stop him and he makes a choice that will change his life forever. The Silly Song focuses on Bob and Larry in a safari scene on the countertop looking at various animals. During their discussions, Larry reveals that he was told the difference between monkeys and apes ("If it has a tail its a monkey, if it doesn\'t have a tail it\'s an ape" and than goes on to use this theory on everything else around him such as cows, comets, kites, lions, and even Bob. Back to the story, Darby, with his pet pig Tutu by his side, flees the cornfields and sets off to find the Wonderful Land Of Ha’s as a tornado sweeps them away while inside a farmhouse. Along the way he meets a bored scarecrow, a tin man who wants to ride roller coasters, and a lion that craves cotton candy. Each with their own dreams, they set off to see the Wizard in the Wonderful Land of Ha\'s, the funnest place on Earth. They spend a great deal of time there with their dreamed activities but then run out of money, whereupon they are forced to leave. The wizard  informs Darby that he is a phony business man who used his wizard identity to make money for his living. Darby is disappointed and afraid that his father will hate him for spending the funds planned for college and is upset that the businessman will give him nothing due to being broke on money. When Darby argues with the wizard about the commercial lies and threatens to inform the world of his intents, the businessman keeps him hostage in the basement and continues his business. However Darby\'s friends eventually break him out of the basement and publicly humiliate the fake Wizard as well as a bully that taunted Darby throughout the film about his decision. In the ending Darby sadly leaves his friends and goes back home and apologizes to his dad and offers to become a slave but his father refuses his offer and accepts him as his son despite the sin. Back at the kitchen, Larry has learned that his dad will love through thick and thin because he loves him and God. And the boy learns that he can always come back to God. Larry then pulls out his fathers toy chameleon which eyes start falling off.'] ['A little girl named Bebe, all alone on Christmas Eve, is given a magical pendant from Santa Claus and embarks on a fantastical adventure. Travelling in a mug with the power of teleportation, Bebe explores a variety of exotic locations from the desert to the North Pole, accompanied by a host of characters including Backkom the polar bear and Konkongee the penguin.'] ["In the movie, the Z-Fighters face a new threat that starts with the burning of a forest, in which Gohan and Krillin rescue the forest animals and a small dragon named Icarus. Although they are able to restore the forest to its normal state with the Dragon Balls, Icarus doesn't return and stays with Gohan, much to Chi-Chi's fury. Goku then shows a nearby cave to let Gohan keep the dragon with him. Later, the Earth is visited by an unfriendly group of aliens under the leadership of a Saiyan. Upon arriving, they plant a seed which grows the Tree of Might, a plant that sucks the life of the planet on which it was planted and leaves it a desert. At King Kai's request, Goku, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu investigate and try to destroy the Tree, but are unsuccessful. They are then confronted by the aliens whilst their leader watches from inside the spaceship. Eventually, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu are defeated by the aliens, with only Goku remaining as the one who can hold his own against them. During the ensuing battle, Chiaotzu is rescued by Gohan, who had just arrived, and demonstrates his incredible fighting skills by easily taking out the two identical aliens. He is then encountered by the aliens' leader Turles, a Saiyan who bears a striking resemblance to Goku. Turles gives Gohan a choice to either join him or die. Gohan refuses to join Turles, and is saved in time thanks to the arrival of Piccolo. However, Turles defeats the both of them and creates an artificial moon, turning Gohan into a Great Ape and sets him on Goku, who is almost crushed to death in Gohan's hand until Icarus arrives and calms Gohan down. But when Turles attacks Icarus, Gohan is angered and turns on Turles, who fires an attack at Gohan. Before the attack can make contact, Goku manages to cut his son's tail off and restore him to normal. Cradling the little one in his arms, Goku threatens Turles. Angry and impressed at the same time, Turles sets his henchmen on Goku, who uses the Kaioken attack and makes quick work of them while Piccolo unsuccessfully fights Turles again. Goku and Turles then fight, with Goku having the upper hand, until Turles pushes his power further by eating a fruit from the Tree of Might. With his new power, Turles dominates Goku and beats him to the point that he is no longer able to fight, even with the use of the Kaioken x10 . Slowly recovering while Turles is distracted by the rest of the Z-Fighters, whom he brutally dispatches, Goku decides to use his Spirit Bomb. Despite gaining energy from the living, he is not able to attack Turles as he counterattacks with a blast of his own, neutralizing Goku's Spirit Bomb. Unable to gather more energy from living beings, Goku decides to steal energy from inside the Tree of Might itself. Eventually successful in creating the Spirit Bomb, Goku sees his opportunity, and fires it straight into Turles, who is carried up the trunk of the Tree of Might and destroyed along with the Tree when the Spirit Bomb explodes. With the terror now over, the Z-Fighters return to their normal lives once again.  Some believe that the movie is set during the time the Z Fighters train in preparation for the androids; all the Z Fighters are alive, with Yamcha's gi back having the King Kai symbol to support that they were killed during the Saiyan Saga and resurrected at the end of the Namek Arc. Goku is also able to increase his Kiaoken up to 10x which wasn't possible until he got to planet Namek to defeat Frieza. However, Goku does not turn Super Saiyan when it was needed even though when he returned to Earth after defeating Frieza he was able to turn into a Super Saiyan in front of Trunks, and Gohan does not know Icarus who had already appeared in the Garlic Jr. Saga. Yamcha's hair is longer than it was during the Trunks Saga, Vegeta does not show up, and Lakasei mentions that with the fruit of the tree they would have been able to defeat Frieza although Frieza is already dead . Some Dragon Ball Z sites say that Turles had somehow gotten his hands on the Tree of Might seeds, and was planting them on other planets before Earth and had been eating the fruit from the Tree for quite some time, just on different worlds. Earth is full of life, which is why he seeks out Earth, to gain more power than ever from a fruit from the tree that was planted on Earth. This is never explained fully, however. His overwhelming power over Goku could also be explained by the ability of saiyans to become much stronger after being beaten to near-death . Another notable aspect of the movie is that Gohan's haircut was the same as just before he left for Namek. Anime movies, and the Dragonball Z movies in particular have an infamous habit of disregarding plot elements from the main series, it is likely that this movie was intended to take place some time before the Namek Saga mainly due to the absence of Goku's super saiyan transformation, however there are far too many inconsistencies to firmly place it at any specific time. It is possible that that character design inconsistencies are due to Toei Animation using their more recent work as reference and it shouldn't be held in high regard. Another common assumption for this film, like with the others in the movie series that suffer the same continuity problems, is that the story simply takes place in an alternate universe.  Turles  is the featured supervillain in Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might. He is an upper class Saiyan with somewhat grey skin and bears a striking resemblance to Goku, and can be considered an alternate version of Goku if he had never found peace on Earth, however, his in-universe story has varied from dub to dub. In some dub their resemblance to each other is because when it came to identifying the lower class breed of saiyans many of them would look alike , yet, on others dub, Turles is simply the long lost twin brother of Goku sent on a mission like Goku was before the fall of the saiyan planet by the hands of Frieza. He roamed the universe under the planet trade organization, but went defunct after discovering the Tree of Might seeds, which are capable of taking away the planets energy to supply power to the fruit it grows, able to enhance ones own strength exponentially. He quickly assembled the Turles Crusher Corps, a band of rebels who had terrorized several planets before, and began to conquer planets for himself before along with his squad of henchmen, make their way toward Earth to check up on the Saiyan, Kakarot . Upon arriving on Earth, he planned to plant the seed of the Tree of Might, but finds resistance from the Z Fighters. While fighting Goku, Turles eats one of the fruits and he greatly overpowers him gaining the upper hand, even able to destroy a Spirit Bomb. With the planets energy slowly deteriorating, Goku creates another Spirit Bomb from the immense energy of the Tree of Might and uses this to kill Turles and destroy the tree. In Tenkaichi 2 and 3 he is given an exclusive Oozaru form for the game. Turles is voiced by Masako Nozawa, Ted Cole in the Ocean Group English dub, Chris Patton in Funimation English dub."] ["The film tells the story of a little fox kit, Vic , who ventures away from his family's den and, upon his return, learns from his uncle Karak that his entire family has been shot and killed by a human hunter. Karak then offers for Vic to stay with him, and Karak continues to raise him. As Vic grows older, he develops much cunning and cleverness. Now a young adult fox, he finds a vixen, named Foxy, held captive in a cage on a human farm. He tricks the guard dogs and other animals, as well as the hunter himself, and eventually helps the vixen escape. She joins Vic and Karak in the woods, but Vic's uncle is shot by humans during a hunt. Vic swears revenge on the hunter and finally accomplishes it, playing many jokes on the hunter's stupid dogs, killing and devouring the man's chickens, geese, and ducks, and eventually playing tricks on the man himself. At the end of the film, Vic and his wife have cubs of their own."] ["Set in 1935, the movie tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Natty Gann . Out of work because of Depression-era unemployment, Natty's father  travels from Chicago to the state of Washington to find work in the timber industry, leaving tomboyish Natty behind. Having no mother, Natty is left in the care of Connie , the insensitive woman who manages the hotel Natty and her father had been living in. After overhearing Connie reporting her as an abandoned child, Natty runs away to find her father on her own, embarking on a cross-country journey. Along the way she is befriended by a wolf who travels with her for much of her voyage, has a brief, innocent romance with another young traveler , and encounters various obstacles that test her courage, perseverance, and ingenuity."] ['Every year, as the warm season approaches, a certain tree in the Great Valley blooms with pink flowers. Because of the tastiness of these "treesweets", every dinosaur in the valley wants his/her fair share of it. However, because of this tastiness , there is hardly enough for everyone. Because of this, none may eat any of the treesweets until the day they "reach the peak of their tastiness". As the film begins, Littlefoot and his friends Ducky, Petrie and Spike are eagerly waiting to nibble the first treesweets. Ducky is about to take one, but Littlefoot quickly tells her to stop and reminds them all that none may take any treesweets until "Nibbling Day". This however, doesn\'t stop Petrie from flying to the tree\'s crown and trying to take one. Just then, Cera\'s father emerges and states very clearly how every dinosaur in the valley has waited a long time to taste the treesweets. As Cera, too, appears before them, she reminds them that she is the one who is supposed to get the first treesweet because she was the one who found the treesweet-tree in the first place, although it was indeed Littlefoot who did it. Cera also teases Littlefoot for being too little to actually reach the treesweets. Meanwhile, Cera\'s father is visited by an old friend—a female threehorn named Tria – whom, it seems, he used to have a crush on. She also reveals his name to be Topsy . After speaking a while with her, he promises Tria that she will get the first treesweet of the season; which Cera, who appears just in time to hear him say this, becomes very upset about. From that moment on, Cera refuses to make friends with Tria and simply shrugs her off whenever she tries to talk to her. In addition, Cera will turn violent towards her friends should they make any references involving Tria . Littlefoot, meanwhile, goes off by himself, feeling very down about how "little" he is. As he returns to the treesweet tree, he climbs up the cliff right next to it and tries to reach the treesweets by himself. As he does, he accidentally falls right through the tree and knocks down every single treesweet. Realizing the trouble he is now in, he faints. As he wakes up, he finds himself surrounded by several miniature longnecks. They have eaten all the treesweets and quickly run away once the shocked Littlefoot starts screaming out of fear. Upon noticing that every treesweet is gone, all the dinosaurs in the valley are standing in front of the tree; many of them, including Topsy, suspecting Littlefoot to be the guilty party. Littlefoot, afraid to admit it was his fault that the treesweets fell off the tree, blames everything on the tiny longnecks. At first, no one believes him, but when they see evidence of tiny teeth marks on a tree sweet, he is believed and everyone starts looking for the tiny longnecks, preparing to drive them out of the valley once they have been found. As Littlefoot and Cera are searching the valley, Littlefoot falls down a pothole in the ground where, it turns out, the tiny longnecks are hiding in. First being afraid of them, Littlefoot flees deeper into the cave; but soon enough, he finds out that the tiny longnecks are not as bad as he thought and befriends them. Upon hearing how difficult it is for the tinysauruses to find food, he promises to help bring them as many treestars as he can every night. Eventually, Littlefoot feels ready to tell his friends about the colony of tiny longnecks living in the underground caverns. They all get to see the tiny longnecks for themselves, and promises not to tell the adults. Even Cera, who is still angry with her father, promises to keep it secret, mainly because she finds out that she can relate more to them than she would\'ve imagined. Many of the tinysauruses in the colony feel that their leader, Big Daddy, bosses them around a bit too much, though he simply wants their best. As to the reason that he doesn\'t trust the "bigger" dinosaurs is that they, in his opinion, only seem to think: "Because they\'re bigger, it makes them more important". When sneaking off to see the tinysauruses again, Littlefoot and his friends are busted by Topsy. But when he tries to ask them why they are out so late at night, Cera angrily throws the question back at him. Topsy, not wanting Cera to find out about him and Tria, manages to see them off. Just as Tria comes up to him, they spot one of the tiny longnecks. A chase ensues which eventually reveals their hideout. As the grown-ups prepare to block the caverns; Littlefoot, realizing that he must tell the truth, admits that it was his fault that the treesweets are gone, and not the tiny longnecks\'. However, just as he\'s finished, the tinysauruses\' cavern collapses, trapping the tinysauruses inside. The tinysauruses escape. The tinysauruses run into two Sharpteeth that chase them and find their way into The Great Valley. Meanwhile, Littlefoot\'s friends are mad at him. They later try to apologize to him for being angry. However, they mistake the Sharpteeth for Littlefoot. The two carnivores lunge at them, causing a chase. Littlefoot shows up just at the right time and saves Ducky just as she was about to get eaten. When all seems lost, the tinysauruses show up and fight the Sharpteeth. The grown-ups of the Great Valley then show up and drive the sharpteeth back into The Mysterious Beyond through a hole. Then they cover up the hole with a large boulder. Nibbling Day finally comes at last. Everyone eats, parties, and acts merry. The film ends with Petrie clutching a treesweet.'] ["The film opens with a man named Dr. Carver trying to generate a super Gnome Warrior, but it disintegrates. It then turns to Penny Proud, who is celebrating her 16th birthday, and fails her driver's ed. She and her friends are excited to be a part of 15 Cent's  dance group, Spare Change. When 15 Cent drives her home, Oscar Proud, her overprotective father, gets mad when he finds them kissing. After Oscar grounds her, Penny resents him as her father. Oscar creates a everlasting multiplying formula that was supposed to make his Proud Snacks tastier, but it instead causes the snack to expand and explode. As he is hauled away from his presentation, he proclaims that his formula has no expiration date. Dr. Carver, the great-great-grandson of George Washington Carver, overhears Oscar's ranting. Carver has been trying to create an army of humanoid peanut warriors, but has never gotten his formula stabilized and plots to get Oscar's. Disguising himself, Carver invites the Proud family to Legume Island. Trudy forces Oscar, Sugar Mama, and Penny to go in hopes they will re-bond. The Prouds meet the inhabitants of the island, short peanut creatures called the Genomes. Carver tries to negotiate obtaining the formula from Oscar. When Oscar refuses, Carver reveals the evil peanut clones of his family from DNA snatched from them while they were partying. Oscar runs away and tries explaining to his family, but they don't believe him. The clones get a mix-up when the real Penny comes with them back to the mainland to search for the formula; Penny's clone remains with the original family. Penny soon enjoy the free life which the clones allowed her, but tires of it very quickly. She also discovers that Cashew, a Genome she befriended earlier on the island, had stowed away; he wanted to see what it was like to have a 'real family. He also reveals to her the true nature of the clones. At that moment, Wally leads the Prouds and the Penny clone on a perilous journey to the other side of the island, where he claims there is someone who can answer their questions. Along the way, the Penny clone proves to be the kind of daughter Oscar desires – obedient. When they meet the person Wally wanted them to meet, he turns out to be the real Dr. Carver. Dr. Carver explains that he created a clone of himself out of a peanut. Unfortunately, the clone went sizzling crisp in the sun one day and turned to evil. Donning a disguise of his original form, the clone took over the island and the Genomes and began using Carver's peanut research for evil. Oscar realizes his formula is the key and tells the family he had left it in a locket for Penny's birthday, which she opened back home. Her clone informs the other clones, who take the formula. Penny and Cashew gather her friends to go back to Lagoom Island and rescue their family. They steal 15 Cent's yacht to get there, but Penny accidentally sinks it. Unfortunately, the Carver clone has already prepared to leave to take over the world with his Supergenomes. The clones attack Penny and her friends and family, but she convinces the Oscar clone to help - by bribing him with hot dogs, which he had become obsessed with earlier in the film - and he defeats the rest of the clones. Seeing the Carver clone making his getaway, the original Dr. Carver reveals a possible solution - a container of gas that could instantly turn solid peanuts into peanut butter. Penny takes the gas, boards the clone's airship, and battles him with help from Oscar, who para-sails up using one of Sugar Mama's giant underwear. Just as Penny is on the verge of releasing the gas, Dr. Carver offers her to join him and live a free life, without rules or responsibilities. However, Penny retorts that, even though they aren't the perfect one, her family is who she cares about and unleashes the gas, foiling the clone's plot and destroying the army. The clone, having only been hit slightly by the gas, turns back into a peanut and falls into the ocean. Oscar then gives Penny her birthday necklace, stating that he now knows she's mature enough that she is ready to make her own decisions. Penny and Oscar make up on national TV. 15 Cent has Penny and her friends sing instead of acting as his back-up dancers and the crowd loves them. On Legume Island, the real Carver and his peanut people along with the proud clones listen as a radio announcer says that Penny and her friends song has been popular for five weeks  in a row. In an extended ending, the scene fast-forwards three days later where Cashew is now part of the Proud Family, Penny is receiving her driver's license and, unfortunately, she helps Oscar by driving through town advertising his new drink Pork-Nut-o-Rade, but Puff drank it back home earlier, turning him into a monster. He chases them around the world up to China, until Suga Mama, who also drank the concoction, takes him home."] ['Ten-year-old pessimist Richard Tyler  lives his life based on statistics and fears practically everything. His exasperated parents  have tried multiple ways to build up the courage of their son, but to little success. Richard is sent by his father to buy a bag of nails so that he can build a treehouse. However, Richard gets caught in a harsh thunderstorm and takes shelter in a library. Here, he is met by Mr. Dewey , an eccentric librarian who tries to find a book for Richard and gives him a library card. However, Richard does not want any books; he just wants to call his parents and go home. Mr. Dewey points the boy towards a payphone. Richard wanders off and finds a large rotunda painted with classic fictional characters. Richard slips on some water that had dripped from his coat and falls down, hitting his head and knocking him unconscious. He awakens and finds the rotunda paintings melting, forming a wave of color that transforms him and the library into illustrations. Richard is approached by the Pagemaster who sends him on a journey into the fiction section to find the "exit". Along the way, Richard befriends three anthropomorphic books: Adventure , a swashbuckling pirate-like book; Fantasy , a sassy but caring fairy tale book; and Horror , a fearful "hunchbook" with a misshapen spine. The three agree to help Richard to find his way out if he checks them out with his library card. Together, the quartet encounter classic-fictional characters. They meet Dr. Jekyll  in a haunted house where he then turns into Mr. Hyde and terrorizes the group, driving them to the roof where they then head out into open waters to the Land of Adventure. However, the group are separated after an attack by Moby Dick. Richard and Adventure are picked up by the crew of the Hispaniola, captained by Long John Silver . The pirates go to Treasure Island, but find no treasure, nearly causing a mutiny between the captain and crew. Fantasy and Horror appear and defeat the pirates. Silver attempts to take Richard with him, but he retreats when Richard threatens him with a sword. Adventure insults Horror, causing the hunchbook to get captured by Lilliputians from Gulliver\'s Travels. Adventure saves him and they make up. As the group travels through the fantasy section, Richard sees the exit sign on the top of a mountain. However, a sleeping dragon is awakened and chases Richard and his friends. Richard fights the dragon off with a sword and shield, but the dragon wraps its tail around him, shaking his armor and weapons off of him before swallowing him whole. Richard finds books in the dragon\'s stomach and uses a beanstalk to escape. The heroes arrive at the top and enter a large dark room where the Pagemaster awaits them. Richard berates the Pagemaster for the horrors he has suffered, but the Pagemaster reveals that the journey was intended to make Richard face his fears. Dr. Jekyll, Captain Ahab, Long John Silver, and the dragon reappear in a magical twister congratulating him. Richard then awakens, discovering that he had been "unconscious" all along. Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror all appear next to his body as real books. Mr. Dewey finds him, and, even though the library policy only allows a person to check out two books at time, lets him check out all three books "just this once" as Richard may not have been unconscious and may actually have witnessed all the events that happened, thus making Mr. Dewey the Pagemaster. Richard returns home a braver kid, sleeping in his new treehouse. Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror appear as silhouettes on a wall talking.'] ["{{Plot}} A clumsy, mischievous, friendly and curious monkey named George  lives in the jungles of Africa. His behavior amuses the other young jungle animals, but angers their parents; therefore George is left sad and alone. Meanwhile, at the Bloomsberry Museum, Ted , a museum employee, teaches schoolchildren about natural history, not realizing that his lectures bore them. Afterward, he has a talk with Maggie , the school teacher, who admires him and for whom he has strong feelings. Later, Mr. Bloomsberry , the owner of the museum, tells Ted that he is pressed to close the museum by his son, Bloomsberry Junior , who wishes to build a parking garage in its stead. This upsets Ted, who suggests, to revive the museum's popularity, that they obtain a statue called the Lost Shrine of Zagawa. Mr. Bloomsberry is too old to go, but Ted quickly volunteers to make the expedition. Junior, frustrated, modifies his father's map of Africa to prevent Ted from finding the Shrine. Ted is tricked into purchasing a yellow safari outfit with a yellow hat. In Africa, Ted leads a group on a four-day hike to the lost shrine. George spots the yellow hat and, mistaking it for a large banana, follows the group. They soon notice each other and become friends. When Ted reaches the end of Junior's sabotaged map, he encounters a miniature idol; believing this to be Zagawa itself, he gets depressed. He gets a call from Mr. Bloomsberry and sends a picture of the statue. However, the angle of the picture causes Mr. Bloomsberry to believe the idol is much bigger. Ted returns to the docks, while George quickly follows with the hat. George sneaks onto the ship and rides to the city without Ted's knowledge. Upon arrival, Ted rides home in a taxi, and George follows him all the way to his apartment. Through a series of misadventures, Ted is evicted for violating a no-pets rule. Upset, Ted wonders what he is going to do with George. Together, they walk to the Bloomsberry Museum, where crowds of people await to see the idol. Junior overhears Ted complaining about the tiny idol and use this to humiliate Ted. George inadvertently destroys a dinosaur skeleton, and Junior shoves Ted out of the museum. With nowhere to go, Ted and George sleep in a park. The next morning, Ted awakes to find George gone. Hearing a commotion, he follows it to a zoo, where he finds George with Maggie and her class. Ted attempts to court Maggie, but George starts floating away, suspended by a bunch of balloons, and Ted goes after him in the same way. Together, they fly around the city, held aloft by Ted's balloons and using a kite to control their direction. When they float over the Bloomsberry museum, Ted holds out the idol and wishes it were big, which gives him an idea. Ted visits Clovis, an inventor who built the museum's Zagawa exhibit, who has a projection machine that can create a 40-foot-tall hologram of any object. Ted takes the projector to the museum, intending to use it to display the idol. He shows it to Mr. Bloomsbury, who agrees it would save the museum, but Junior sabotages the projector, framing George for it. Ted is forced to admit the truth to the thousands of people waiting outside, including Maggie, disappointing everyone. Angry at him, Ted allows George to be taken away by Animal Control officers and be shipped back to Africa. However, Ted's conscience convinces him that he has made a mistake or wronged his friend, as he confesses to Maggie. Ted gets on the cargo ship and frees George. While he tries to explain to George that their friendship is more important than any idol, a beam of sunlight passes through the tiny statue, creating a pictogram showing the location of the full-size idol. Ted then realizes the true meaning of an ancient writing he saw back in Africa. Ted and George therefore travel to Africa in the ship's cargo bay, to rejoin Edu, Ted's guide, and find the true idol. Upon the exhibit's re-opening, the museum is redesigned to be more interactive, thereby igniting the children's interest in science and history. Ted and Maggie are about to become a couple in earnest when George again interrupts them by hijacking a nearby spacecraft."] [" The story behind this short film revolves around the Pichu brothers as they attempt to find a train back to the big city. Along the way, they are helped by seven of Ash Ketchum's and Misty's Pokémon  and a Wynaut. Meanwhile, Meowth and Wobbuffet are hiking in the back country, but their journey continuously goes wrong and their paths intertwines with the others. Along the way, the Pokémon sit around a campfire, where the older Pichu brother, along with Wynaut, scare the younger brother with the help of a Duskull. They also encounter a Volbeat, who guides them to a mill where they can stay the night.  The main film's setting is in the water-themed Johto city of Altomare , based on cities such as Venice, Italy and Amsterdam, Netherlands. The city is watched over by two legendary Pokémon, Latias and Latios. The story behind the two involves an evil Pokémon Trainer using a Kabutops and an Aerodactyl to terrorize the citizens, until the original Latios came to the city, using his powers to drown the evil Pokémon and turning the streets into canals. However, Latios died and his children were left orphans. His soul is within a special jewel, the Soul Dew. The Soul Dew is sought by Annie and Oakley, two members of Team Rocket. The Soul Dew acts as a key for activating the Defense Mechanism of Altomare, a special device built in case of disaster. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum, Misty, and Brock are visiting Altomare on their travels. Ash and Misty participate in the Tour de Altomare, a water chariot race. Misty wins, after Ash takes a wrong turn due to an invisible Latias and Latios. Ross, the former champion of the race gives the friends a tour of the city in his gondola and tells them of the city's guardians. Annie and Oakley follow Latias, disguised as a human girl named Bianca. Latias is saved by Ash and Pikachu. Team Rocket are also in the city and decide to follow Annie and Oakley. The trio later visit Lorenzo, the curator of a local museum, who explains the city's history and also introduces them to the Defence Mechanism of Altomare . Ash pursues Bianca, and then Latias in disguise, across the city, eventually discovering a hidden garden where Latias and Latios live. When Latios and Bianca threaten to force Ash out, Lorenzo arrives to clear up all the tension. Latias and Latios play with Ash and Pikachu, and later Lorenzo reveals to Ash the Soul Dew. However, Annie and Oakley's spy robot is watching this and later the duo steal the Soul Dew and capture Latios - using both to control the DMA. Latias flees to Ash for help, and later the two and Pikachu race across the gridlocked city to the museum. Using the DMA, Oakley locks down the city and revives the dead Pokémon to capture Latias. After a long chase through the city, Ash and Latias cause the undead Aerodactyl to crash into a building, and are saved from the Kabutops by their friends' Pokémon. The heroes arrive at the museum to find the DMA going berserk and Latios seriously injured. After freeing Latios, the Soul Dew fades and turns black, causing the DMA to shut down. When Annie tries to get the Soul Dew, it disappears and the city's water becomes a giant tsunami. Latios and Latias use their psychic powers to stop the tsunami, but Latios sacrifices himself in the process. The water returns to the city, washing away Team Rocket in the process. The undead Pokémon return to their fossil states, and Annie and Oakley get trapped inside the DMA. Latios becomes a new Soul Dew and is placed as the new guardian of Altomare. Ash, Misty, and Brock head off to leave Altomare, but Latias  stops them before they leave and hands Ash a drawing of him and Pikachu, giving Ash a kiss on the cheek before disappearing. As the group leave on a boat, they see two Latios and a Latias in the air. Annie and Oakley are sent to jail, where they examine the possessions of Lawrence III."] ['{{plot}} Barbie stars as Genevieve, a princess with eleven sisters: Ashlyn, Blair, Courtney, Delia, Edeline, Fallon, Hadley, Isla, Janessa, Kathleen and Lacey. Each princess is beautiful and different, but the twelve sisters have one thing in common: they all love to dance. They live in a castle with their widowed father, King Randolph. The girls\' adventurous and free-spirited natures are viewed as "unladylike" and "unproper" by other members of the royal society and often leads them to make rude comments about the princesses. Believing his daughters need a woman\'s touch, the king summons his cousin, Duchess Rowena, to the castle to help raise them. But, Rowena has her own plans: she plans to poison the king and get rid of his daughters so that she can be queen. Sensing trouble, Genevieve and her sisters try to reason with Randolph, but due to Rowena\'s interference, the king doesn\'t believe them and says they must listen to his cousin. Attempting to break the girls\' spirits, Rowena makes the princesses\' lives miserable by stripping the castle of everything they love, as well as banishing dancing and singing from the castle. Sad with the changes, the princesses find comfort in their mother\'s  favorite story, which tells of a magical kingdom where Gold Flowers grant Wishes and a princess could dance at an Enchanted Pavilion for three nights. Before she died, Isabella had made twelve copies of the story, and each one had one of the daughter\'s special flower on the cover. Lacey sees that her lily on the book matches the lily on the floor. Genevieve tells everyone to find a match on their book to a stone. Genevieve tries dancing from stone to stone; it doesn\'t work. She then tries dancing from oldest to youngest, She then twirls three times at the last stone, like the character in the story. They enter the Magical Kingdom. Later, Lacey falls and scrapes her knee. Genevieve dabs water from a nearby fountain on the cut and it heals, revealing that the water is magic. The next day, the girls are tired and the duchess finds their new dancing shoes worn through. Suspicious, Rowena believes that they were out dancing with princes. Meanwhile, the royal cobbler and Genevieve\'s love interest, Derek, comes to fix their shoes and sees that they are covered in gold dust. Genevieve dances on the Mosaic in the pavilion outside. While together, Genevieve asks Derek to find out what Rowena\'s true intentions are. The duchess continues to deprive them of any enjoyment and prevents them from visiting or singing to their father, who has suddenly fallen ill. The doctor gives Rowena a tonic for Randolph, which she quickly disposes of, revealing that she is poisoning him. That night, Rowena has her footman, Desmond, stand guard outside the princesses\' room to find out where they go. The sisters sneak back to the Magic Realm and dance again. Meanwhile, Derek discovers that Rowena is stealing heirlooms from the castle and dealing with an apothecary. He hurries back to warn Genevieve and her sisters. The next morning, the sisters are still exhausted and Rowena demands to know why. When she gangs up on Lacey, the girls tell her the truth, but she doesn\'t believe them and forces them into servitude. That night, she demands the truth again, but they tell her the same story. This makes Rowena even angrier and she locks them in their room, blaming them for Randolph\'s failing health. Heartbroken and not knowing what to do, the princesses return to the magical kingdom. A furious Rowena finds the sisters gone the next morning. That evening, Derek finally makes it back to the castle, but discovers that the princesses are missing. Determined to find Genevieve, he sneaks into their bedroom. Remembering Genevieve\'s dance pattern, Derek enters the magic realm and reports his findings to the girls. Unfortunately, Rowena learns how to enter the magic realm, due to her monkey, Brutus. Stealing some flowers that can give you whatever you want, she quickly returns to the castle and has Desmond destroy the mosaic that forms the gateway, trapping the sisters and Derek in the magical kingdom. Thinking she has disposed of the princesses, Rowena then tricks the weak Randolph into making her acting queen until he recovers. Trapped in the magic realm, the girls and Derek try to find a way out. As they dance, the couple and the rest of the princesses float up into the sky and return home. However, this new gateway leads to their mother\'s dance pavilion instead of their bedroom. Once back, the sisters and Derek discover that Rowena is now queen, new guards have been ordered to capture any stray princesses, and that their father is dying. The princesses disable the guards and enter the castle to confront Rowena. Ignoring Genevieve\'s orders, Lacey enters the castle to help, but is seized by Desmond. Derek and Genevieve defeat the enchanted suits of armor that defend Rowena, but the duchess has the upper hand when Desmond drags in Lacey. Noting that Genevieve is the source of her sisters\' resistance against her, Rowena uses the flowers to wish for Genevieve to dance forever and ever and ever. But as the flower dust comes towards her, Genevieve produces her fan and blows it back at Rowena, who starts dancing instead. Desmond soon joins her while trying to help and the two villains dance their way out of the castle and the film. It is revealed that Lacey has saved some water from the magical kingdom. She uses it, and thereby heals the dying king. Randolph explains that Rowena was poisoning him and apologizes to his daughters for not believing them. He now truly understands them. The film ends with everything made right as Genevieve and Derek celebrate their wedding, and of course, dance.'] ["Jerome and his friends are very adept at streetball, but are no match for the older boys in their neighborhood. When the friends realize a streetball team called Game On is coming to town to look for talent, they practice extra hard. Jerome's dad rarely makes time for his son; after one of his short visits, Jerome is shooting some hoops and notices a pair of shoes (blue and white Nike Air Force Ones  hanging up by a streetlight. Jerome retrieves the shoes, which are soon afterward hit by lightning, giving their wearer the ability to play as well as Michael Jordan. At the Game On talent game, Jerome gets a chance to take a half-court shot and to play one on one with another streetballer; his new shoes allow him to win easily, leading the Game On coach to give Jerome a spot on the team. However, many people try to steal his glory. Jerome's sketchy quasi-relative Ray quickly claims to be Jerome's agent, and starts signing Jerome up with sponsors and otherwise making sure he has Jerome under his thumb. During the first Game On game with Jerome, the team is struggling until Jerome gets in the game; they come back and win with his help. That night the guys go out to a club, but Jerome can't go because he's not old enough so he goes to an amusement park with his friends, where they give him the streetball name Triple J. Under Ray's encouragement, Jerome becomes a ball hog. He fights with his friends, and his teammates start giving him the cold shoulder. While on break from the team, Jerome goes home the day his dad is coming home. Ray wants Jerome's mom to sign a contract that lets Ray get 15 percent of what Jerome makes, and Ray also books Jerome in a music video. They say that they will be back before his dad gets back. In Jerome's clip his dad comes out of nowhere and takes him away. They get in a fight about what Jerome is doing. Before the last game of the season Ray urges Jerome to wear some shoes made by sponsors, but Jerome refuses, knowing his magic sneakers are what give him his ability to play. They going up against the Drop Squad, the best team in the league. Jerome's teammate, known as Ghost in the Machine, is worried because his dad is in the crowd and this will be the first time Ghost's dad has seen him play since high school. When they go out to play the Drop Squad, Ghost is getting outplayed by the Drop Squad player. Jerome starts helping out Ghost and they come back at the half. During halftime, when Jerome isn't looking, Ray swaps his magic shoes with the sponsor shoes he wanted Jerome to wear. Suddenly Jerome starts getting his butt kicked and they lose. Angrily, Jerome says that he quits the team. Outside Jerome has a talk with Ray, who reveals the extent of his power over Jerome. After Ray drives away, Jerome takes the bus home; he tells his mom he's quit basketball. The next day Ray comes over and takes all his stuff. Then Jerome goes to the court and apologizes to his friends. They say they will see him at the King Of The Concrete Championships, but he tells them that he doesn't have the magic shoes any more and that he's quit basketball. One of his friends says that Jerome should just play for fun. After giving his friends some pointers, Jerome realizes they really should play again, and they form a team called Triple Threat. Jerome also finds the magic shoes in Ray's stuff. The next day at the King Of The Concrete Championship, Ray has a new team called Ray On, composed of players which Jerome had shown up on other occasions. Triple Threat makes it into the finals thanks to Jerome, but so does Ray On. When Ray On goes up against Triple Threat, Ray deliberately messes up Jerome's sneakers and one of the boys gets hurt. Then Jerome's dad leads them back at the final shot. Jerome shoots the last shot without his magic shoes and it goes in. After the game, more sponsors ask if they can sponsor Jerome, but his dad says no. Then Ray tries to pull out the contract that he ripped up, but Dalton locks Ray in his trunk. Then Jerome walks home with his family. At the end of the movie Ray is screaming from his car and Jerome's shoes are hung up on a street light."] ['The episode starts with Bob the Tomato with Larry the Cucumber, who is wearing an oven mitten on his head. When asked why, Larry says that it is because he saw it on the cover of "Veggie Beat" magazine and that everyone is doing it. Unable to see, however, he almost falls into a toaster and he ultimately crashes into the sink. Bob reads a letter from Dexter Wilmington from Tuscaloosa, Alabama about how he has peer pressure problems and is being tempted by his friend "Billy" to watch a show that Dexter isn\'t supposed to watch yet. Bob then introduces the story about three people who had a similar experience. The story is told by Grandpa George, making his VeggieTales debut , and takes place at the Nezzer Chocolate Factory  where the employees work hard all day in making Nezzer Chocolate Bunnies on an assembly line. Among the plant employees are three kids named Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , though everybody just calls them Rack, Shack, and Benny . Another employee, Laura Carrot, works as the factory\'s delivery girl. As the story begins, the factory has just sold its 2,000,000th chocolate bunny of the day and owner Nebby K. Nezzer announces that all employees of the Nezzer Chocolate Factory may celebrate by eating as many bunnies as they like for thirty minutes.http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg4.html While all the employees tear ravenously into the chocolate bunnies, Shack reminds Rack and Benny to heed their parents\' advice about not eating too much candy because it can be unhealthy. and even reminding them that even though their parents aren\'t with them, they must always remember their wishes.  When Mr. Nezzer and his sidekick Sedgewick Lunt comes out to soak up the appreciation of his employees, he finds them all lying ill, except for Rack, Shack, and Benny. Impressed by their ability to stand up for themselves, Mr. Nezzer promotes them to Junior Executives . The following day, Mr. Nezzer calls the trio into his office and gives them a sneak peek at his secret project. Wanting to show everybody at Nezzer Chocolate about how important "the bunny" is, Mr. Nezzer believes that if it were a big bunny, all of his employees would love it as much as he. Mr. Nezzer then shows them a model despicting a ninety-foot bunny statue for his employees to worship. He also demonstrates a song of worship called "The Bunny Song" with lyrics stating that nothing in the world, be it God, parents, healthy food, Church, or School, is more important than "the bunny". When asked by Rack as to what would happen if someone refuses to sing and worship, Mr. Nezzer draws their attention to the furnace  and warns that "in my mind, if you don\'t bow down and sing the song... YOU\'RE A BAAAAD BUNNY!!!!"http://www.veggietalesreview.com/2006/07/30/veggietales-rack-shack-and-benny/ The completed bunny statue is unveiled later in the day, and Mr. Nezzer orders all his employees to bow down and sing. However, Mr. Lunt notices that Rack, Shack, and Benny aren\'t bowing, and Mr. Nezzer confronts them. Shack  tries to sing his naptime song, to no avail. At first Mr Nezzer is touched but then realizing that they were trying to avoid singing, orders that Rack, Shack, and Benny be sent to the furnace. The story takes a short break at this point for "Silly Songs with Larry". Larry, dressed in "authentic Argentinian garb" , sings and dances to a Spanish ballad called "The Dance of the Cucumber," while Bob the Tomato translates the Spanish lyrics. As the song proceeds, Larry starts taunts Bob in Spanish, which Bob unintentionally translates. As the song grinds to a stop over Bob\'s increasing anger towards Larry\'s taunts, Junior Asparagus and his parents  arrive for an photo opportunity. The song then continues and Larry again taunts Bob until the tomato finally loses his temper and chases Larry offstage. The main story then resumes as Mr. Nezzer gives Rack, Shack, and Benny one last chance to sing the song. When the trio refuse, explaining that they were taught to stand up for their beliefs, Mr. Nezzer sends them down a chute into the furnace. However, they are rescued at the last second by Laura Carrot in her delivery truck. She  attempts to escape the factory. Unfortunately, Rack, Shack, and Benny are captured and the three boys eventually fall into the furnace. As Mr. Nezzer gloats, the lights suddenly go out and a strange sound hums through the factory. As this happens, Mr. Lunt looks inside the furnace and notices that there\'s a fourth person in the furnace who\'s "real shiny" and that nothing  is burning up. When Rack, Shack, and Benny emerge from the furnace unscathed, Mr. Nezzer realizes that their faith in God is what saved them despite the peer pressure he inflicted on them. The three boys forgive Mr. Nezzer for his mistakes and lead him and the factory into a song appropriately titled "Stand Up!" Back on the countertop, Larry is still stuck in the sink. He recognizes now that peer pressure isn\'t good, and that common sense, one\'s own beliefs, and what one was taught by one\'s parents are more valuable than fleeting fads. Lamenting his wasted life, Bob offers to help Larry up, but during the rescue is stranded in Larry\'s place. Larry wraps up the show with Qwerty\'s verse, 2nd Thessalonians 2:15, which talks about standing up for one\'s beliefs and remembering parental advice. Larry leaves the scene, ignoring the fact Bob is still stuck in the sink, though never rescued. The episode then ends.'] ['This episode starts immediately with the counter top, initially skipping the theme song. Larry the Cucumber, thinking this is the very first "VeggieTales workout video", begins a jumping workout in time to generic, upbeat workout music, then proceeds to trampoline exercises. However, after jumping progressively higher, he hits his head on the cupboards... again and again. Bob then comes on-screen and explains that this is actually the very first "VeggieTales sing-along tape". To demonstrate, Bob has the French Peas type some lyrics on Qwerty, making the words appear at the bottom of the screen so people can sing along at home. However, they don\'t stop even after Bob stops singing, and the scene degenerates into true chaos as Bob yells "Roll tape!". After several songs, Larry, yet again misunderstanding the point of the sing-along, introduces the kids to the very first "VeggieTales home improvement video". Larry announces his plan to replace a leaky fixture on the sink with a new one "which will be quite attractive, and last for years to come." However, Jimmy Gourd doesn\'t turn off the water supply for the kitchen , sending Larry flying into the air by a geyser of water when he twists the fixture off. After some more songs, Bob comes out to introduce his favorite song, "The Bunny Song". However, when one of the French Peas tells him that they\'re not supposed to sing it, Bob clarifies by calling it "The New and Improved Bunny Song", in which the original lyrics and their negative implications have been  replaced with more positive messages. Larry then introduces his home-viewers to the very first "VeggieTales financial success video". Bob comes onscreen and finally explains the sing-along theme to Larry, who then asks what song they\'ll do first. Not wanting to explain now that they\'re already almost done with the show, Bob walks off, and Larry boasts to him about having bought a chocolate factory with no money down. The final song of the tape is a completely new "Silly Song with Larry". Larry the Cucumber, Pa Grape, and Mr. Lunt are the "infamous band of scallywags: The Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything." The entire song consists of nonsensical tales of what each of the Pirates have never done. When Larry makes purely random statements of what he has never done, Pa Grape and Mr. Lunt berate him and say he should sing about "pirate-ty things." When Pa Grape asks Mr. Lunt for his opinion on whether Larry is making no sense, Mr. Lunt says Pa Grape looks like Cap\'n Crunch. After they gainsay each other and Pa Grape sentences Mr. Lunt to walk the plank, Larry sings another verse of nonsense. Pa Grape declares Larry does not understand what they said previously about his singing; they finish the song with the refrain "And we\'ve never been to Boston in the fall." They decide to watch Hiraldo, and Larry finds a quarter.'] ['This story is about a boy who has a burning desire to go to school. This character  is really heart-touching. He did his best when it came to how he felt with his first friendship, how desperate is he to study, how daring he is and last, but not the least, his honesty.'] ["Two children move into a town where their grandfather has just died. They later discover that a society of ghosts are searching for their grandfather's lost soul. The children decide to find the soul but then find out that an evil ghost has stolen it. The children join forces with the Soul Patrol, a group of dead people who search for ghosts, to find the soul and destroy the evil ghost. In the end they discover that the evil ghost was really a misunderstood inventor whose wife was killed in a terrible accident with one of his inventions and the townspeople thinks he murdered her on purpose. He ultimately captures the Soul Patrol but the children manage to get him to stop by revealing the truth. He releases all of the trapped spirits and finally moves on. The children and their father return home to find the grandfather's spirit waiting for them having been given a couple of hours by the Soul Patrol to talk to his family. He reveals how proud he is of his son, something he never did in life and the grandfather's spirit and the dad spend a couple hours catching up before the grandfather finally moves on to the afterlife. The family decides to stay in town which is changing from bashing the formerly evil ghost to the truth about him."] ['At a school called <abbr title="Public school">P.S.</abbr> 5, a teacher named Miss Walker tells some children a version of E. T. A. Hoffmann\'s The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, involving the Care Bear Family. As the story begins, the Care Bears and their Cousins prepare for Christmas in their home of Care-a-lot; the two youngest bears, Hugs and Tugs, are searching for an ornament. While the others spend time in the Hall of Hearts decorating a tree, another bear called Funshine suddenly alerts them of an unhappy girl named Anna. Enlisting Grumpy Bear to go along, she takes a Cloud Mobile down to Earth. When the two bears visit Anna, they learn that her past friend Sharon has moved, and her brother Peter is fond of acting as a pirate. As they talk about the virtues of friendship, a burst of light startles them. Eventually, a tall wooden soldier called the Nutcracker emerges from a black portal, along with a band of rats  who are after him. When the group hides from their foes, the soldier recollects his memory and explains that he arrived from a place called Toyland; the rodents work for an evil Vizier who is plotting to conquer and destroy that land. Soon, Funshine and Grumpy send out beams of light from their stomach, sending a "Care Bear Stare" to their assistants in Care-a-lot; Lotsa Heart Elephant, Brave Heart Lion and Tenderheart Bear  later join them. The baby bears are asked to stay behind with Peter, but those three venture into Toyland nonetheless. At his castle, the Vizier wants to know the whereabouts of a powerful ring worn by Toyland\'s former Prince, so that he can control the place. His captive, a small creature called the Sugar Plum Fairy, refuses to tell him; he is more outraged when the Rat King arrives without the Nutcracker. The Vizier soon takes notice when the soldier and his friends enter Toyland, and take a train through its various sights. When they stop for the night, the friends contend with a group of toy jesters who also want the train, but advise them to leave Toyland. One of them later explains how they tried to save their land, after the Vizier and the rats overthrew its Prince and captured his castle. To make sure the Vizier never got it, the Fairy hid the Prince\'s ring away from view. The Nutcracker is determined to end the Vizier, despite the rats\' barricade. Upon reaching the castle by raft, the group secretly sneaks inside and frees the Sugar Plum Fairy. With her help, the Bears and Cousins try to get a walnut containing the ring, but the Vizier seizes it and turns them into firewood. This leaves Peter, Hugs and Tugs to fight with the rats for the item. Soon, the Fairy saves it from the Vizier, and when the Nutcracker wears it on his finger, he turns back into the Prince of Toyland. The Bears and Cousins break free from the ruler\'s spell, and use their Stare on the villains to save the place. Afterward, they and the humans say good-bye to the Prince; as Anna returns, she realises it was a dream and wakes up to meet a new neighbour, Alan Prince, who looks exactly like the Prince in Anna\'s dream. When Miss Walker finishes her tale, one of the children wants to know asks what happened to Anna. Suddenly a grownup Alan appears at the door. As he and the teacher, now revealed to be Anna, leave the stage together, the other children start rehearsing Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky\'s ballet. Unknown to all of them, the Care Bear Family has been listening all along.'] ["The film tells the story of Pan Dongzi, a teenager and son of a Communist army officer. When the father is called off, he leaves Dongzi a red star as a symbol of the cause. While he is away, a bourgeois landlord, Hu Hansan, returns to Dongzi's village where he exacts revenge upon the peasants who had forced him out. In the process, Dongzi's mother is burned to death in their home. Hardened by his mother's death, Dongzi joins a band of guerrilla fighters and eventually kills his former landlord. When his father finally returns, Dongzi joins him as the Red Army's newest recruit in the fight against the Japanese during Second Sino-Japanese War."] [' Howard Langston  is a workaholic mattress salesman, who does not find time for his wife, Liz , and his young son, Jamie  - especially when compared to next door "superdad" divorcee, Ted Maltin , who continually puts Howard in a bad light. After missing Jamie\'s karate class, Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling Jamie\'s ultimate Christmas wish: getting an action figure of Turbo-Man, a popular children\'s TV superhero on Christmas Eve to find the toy everyone\'s looking for. Along the way, Howard meets Myron Larabee ([[Sinbad , a postal worker dad with a rival ambition, and the two soon become bitter competitors in their race for the action figure. Also, during his search for the toy, Howard keeps running into Officer Alexander Hummell , a traffic cop who had earlier pulled him over for a traffic violation. After several failed attempts to find the toy in a store, Howard attempts to buy a Turbo-Man from a Mall of America Santa  who is actually the leader of a band of counterfeit toy makers. When he accuses the Santa of undermining the values of Christmas, Howard ends up in a brawl with the gang. Howard barely escapes when the police raid their warehouse and gets out by posing as an undercover detective. Later, Howard and Myron cross paths again and while they are drinking coffee at Mickey\'s Diner where Myron tells Howard about the time when his father was unable to get him a specific toy on Christmas. They hear on the KQRS radio station that the D.J.  is running a Turbo-Man competition when they get to the studio they find out they can only win a gift certificate. They are nearly arrested but Myron bluffs the police into backing off by threatening them with a package . Officer Hummell tries to open it and it blows up in his face. After his car is stripped by thieves, Howard is ultimately forced to return home empty-handed. Upon seeing Ted in his house placing the star on his tree, Howard gets angry and attempts to steal the Turbo-Man doll from Ted\'s house, destined for Ted\'s son Johnny , but changes his mind. Before he has a chance to replace the doll, he is caught by Ted and a disappointed Liz. Howard decides to join his family at the city\'s Wintertainment Parade, as he promised his son he would do. Meanwhile at the parade, Ted attempts to flirt with Liz, but she turns him down by hitting him with a thermos of eggnog. On arrival at the parade, Howard runs into Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot coffee. In the ensuing chase, Howard runs into a preparations room and is mistaken as a live action Turbo-Man stuntman in the parade. As the "real" Turbo-Man, he uses the opportunity to present the coveted limited-edition Turbo-Man doll to his son in the crowd. But before he can recognize his father, Jamie is chased around the parade by Myron who is dressed as Turbo-Man\'s arch enemy Dementor having caught and tied up the real actor  while Howard does his best to keep up, though with little skill in controlling the Turbo-Man equipment. Jamie is ultimately saved by Howard, who reveals himself to his son, Howard apologizes to Officer Hummell about everything, while Myron is escorted away by police, all the while ranting about how he will explain the situation to his son. Touched by Myron\'s undying dedication to his own son, Jamie gives the doll to him, and tells Howard that he does not need the doll since his father is "the Real Turbo Man". The crowd carries Howard off praising him for his heroic actions as Myron, Jamie, and Liz happily watch. Back at home, Howard puts the star on his Christmas tree, his tradition, and shares a happy moment with his family before realizing that through his quest to get a present for Jamie, he forgot to get Liz a present.'] ['{{plot}} When Kelly has trouble performing a ballet move and fears going onstage, Barbie tells her a story to cheer her up. A girl named Clara lives with Drosselmeyer, her stern grandfather, and her younger brother, Tommy. On Christmas Eve, they receive a surprise visit from the vivacious Aunt Elizabeth, who comes bearing gifts for her niece and nephew. Clara receives a Nutcracker and Aunt Elizabeth tells her that inside, beats the heart of a prince. Tommy tries to take it to play with it but in the scuffle, he breaks its arm. Clara manages to fix the Nutcracker and falls asleep near the Christmas tree. She awakes to see her Nutcracker fighting the Mouse King and his mouse army. When Clara tries to help, the Mouse King shrinks her down to his size, though he is still unable to defeat them and temporarily retreats. The Nutcracker reveals that he has been enchanted and seeks to find the Sugarplum Princess, the only person who can stop the Mouse King from taking over his world. Following the advice of the wise owl of the grandfather clock, the Nutcracker suggests that Clara follow him, since the Sugarplum Princess is the only one who can make Clara her original size again. The owl gives Clara a heart-shaped locket from a ballet dancer ornament. This locket has the power to send Clara back home after they find the Sugarplum Princess. The two journey into the Land of Pervenia in the Gingerbread Village, where the children tells them that the rightful heir to the throne, Prince Eric, has gone missing in the wake of the Mouse King\'s attempts to conquer the world. Clara quickly figures out that her Nutcracker is the missing prince and he reveals that his irresponsibility is the reason of all the happenings. Due to his careless attitude the king pronounced the Mouse as an acting king until Eric  realizes his responsibilities. Unfortunately, the Mouse decides he wants to be king for once and all and thus put a spell on Eric, turning him into a Nutcracker. Eric hopes to redeem himself by finding the Sugarplum Princess and make things right again. Meanwhile, the Mouse King attempts to learn more about the Sugarplum Princess but only finds one reference to her: She is kind, clever and brave. Angered, he orders his troops to go after them in hopes of stopping the Nutcracker before he can reach her. Joined by the arrogant Major Mint and Captain Candy, the group sets out to find the Sugarplum Princess and defeat the Mouse King. After crossing the Sea of Storms with the purple horse named Marzipan, the group arrive at the Sugarplum Princess\' Island. When Clara is separated from the group, who are all captured by the Mouse King\'s bats. She ventures alone to the Mouse King\'s palace to free her friends with a help from the flower fairies. After being rescued, the Nutcracker fights a final battle with the Mouse King. Just as the Mouse King seemingly gets an advantage over the Nutcracker, Clara leaps in between them. The Mouse King tries to turn Clara smaller, but the Nutcracker uses his sword to deflect the Mouse King\'s magic back to the Mouse King himself. The Mouse King shrinks into the size of a real mouse and flees into the sewers. The Nutcracker has seemingly been injured, and Clara kisses him, whereupon he is restored to his true form – he is Prince Eric, and Clara, because she was able to break the spell, is revealed as the Sugarplum Princess. Her outfit transforms into a beautiful gown and Eric is crowned king. The couple, who have fallen in love with one another, dance as the citizens of the Land of Pervenia celebrate their victory. Eric asks her if she wishes to return home but Clara says that in heart, she is already there. However, the shrunken Mouse King makes one final attempt to defeat Clara. He swoops down on Clara upon his bat minion\'s back, steals the heart shaped locket she wears and opens it. Thankfully, he is knocked to the Earth by a snowball and apparently dies. Clara begins to fade and finally disappears. Eric is dismayed, crying out, "I love you." Clara wakes up in the living room where she fell asleep. She finds the Nutcracker missing once more. She runs to her Grandfather who dismisses the story as her imagination. At that moment, Aunt Elizabeth returns with a young man – it is Eric. Revealing him to be a friend, she insists that he stay for dinner and drags Grandfather Drosselmeyer and Tommy away. Eric gives her back the locket and asks her to dance. She answers, "I couldn\'t say \'no\' to the King", and the couple waltz together. The snowglobe shows the Prince – now a king – and the Sugarplum Princess dancing happily in the Palace courtyard. The story goes back to Kelly and Barbie. Kelly realizes the importance of not giving up and makes one more attempt at the ballet move she just can\'t do. Kelly and Barbie dance to the music and Kelly finally gets her steps right.'] ['One summer in the small, sleepy town of Antler, Texas, Toby Wilson\'s life changes. Toby is a boy who lives with his parents, but his mother runs off to Nashville to become a singer. Later, he and his best friend Cal McKnight meet a fat, adolescent sideshow freak named Zachary Beaver, who has no parents or friends. Zachary, "The Fattest Boy Ever," spends most of his time in a camp trailer; he is abandoned by the person who watches him from the circus. Toby and Cal get to know him, and soon become friends with him. They cope with the loss of Cal\'s brother, Wayne, who usually takes them out for snow cones and, who joins the army and later dies, which makes Cal really upset, and Toby doesn\'t come to his funeral to bring Zachary somewhere in his dad\'s truck, and they get stranded in the middle of nowhere but get home. Zachary\'s home will be taken away, and Toby gets in trouble with his father, and Cal is very upset at him and gives him back all the money he borrowed from him and tells him his mother is never coming back like Wayne. Toby gives a country girl he likes a necklace, which was his mother\'s, but she gives it back to him. He got to have his dance with her after her boyfriend broke up with her. Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized in a lake with a pastor; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him. He leaves town with them and says goodbye to his new friends.'] ['A burglar joins the circus to escape the police. Yet, he continues his thefts during his off-hours and gets involved in the problems of people around him, while also romancing one of the other circus performers.'] ['After her father\'s ship \'Hoptoad\' is carried off by a sudden storm, the spunky Pippi Longstocking  is stranded with her horse, Alfonso, and her pet monkey, Mr. Nilsson, and takes up residence in the old family home, Villa Villekulla, which is thought by neighborhood children to be haunted. Soon, two children, Tommy  and his sister Annika , venture into the house only to meet up with Pippi. The three soon become friends and get into various adventures together, including cleaning the floor with scrubbing shoes, dodging the "splunks", going down a river in barrels, running away in a homemade autogyro, keeping the house from being demolished by crooks, and helping Pippi with the problem of having to go to an orphanage. Pippi eventually chooses to go after she and Tommy and Annika almost fall down a waterfall, and their parents refuse to let her play with them anymore. Pippi does not fit in with the other children and misses her parents. That night, however, she saves the orphanage from a fire and becomes the town heroine. Pippi decides that the orphanage is not for her and is allowed to return back to Villa Villekulla and befriend Tommy and Annika once more. She is reunited with her father on Christmas Day and he offers her the chance to become a cannibal princess, since he was washed ashore of an uncharted island where he was crowned king. At the last minute Pippi decides to stay because she cannot leave Tommy and Annika.'] ['The film begins with a chorus of Santa\'s elves, played by children, singing about Christmas nearing and the absence of Santa. The action abruptly switches to a Florida beach, where Santa\'s sleigh has become  mired in the sand. The absence of Santa\'s reindeer is explained by claiming that they flew away shortly after the mishap because it was too hot for them. Apparently using telepathic powers, Santa summons local children to aid him. Most of the children\'s attempts to free him involve animals, including a pig, a sheep, a donkey, a horse, and an actor in a gorilla suit. Inexplicably, two boys playing Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn watch and comment on the action from a distance. When all the children\'s attempts fail, Santa encourages them not to give up hope, telling them the story of a girl who visits the theme park Pirates World where she hears the story of "Thumbelina" as an example. The film then segues into an hour-long adaptation of the Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale , which proves to have a longer running time than the framing story. Thumbelina is an independent musical film by Barry Mahon. The Winer film may have been used to frame other Mahon films, but it is with Thumbelina that it was presented on VHS by United Home Video. After the story, the children summon the titular bunny , who arrives haphazardly driving an antique fire engine. The bunny, whose connection to ice cream is never revealed, volunteers his vehicle as a replacement for Santa\'s sleigh. Santa and the bunny then ride off to conduct Santa\'s Christmas deliveries. The children are left to ponder the problem of Santa\'s empty sleigh, which disappears before their eyes, ending the film.'] ["Mytyl and her brother Tyltyl are peasant children who are led on a quest for the Blue Bird of Happiness by the Queen of Light, who gives them a hat with a magic diamond that allows them to call forth the souls of all things, both living and inanimate. On their journey, they are accompanied by the human personifications of a dog, a cat, water, sugar, bread, light, fire, and the like. They visit the kingdoms of the past and future and the queendoms of night and luxury, at each place absorbing more wisdom. Eventually they discover the blue bird they've been seeking has been in their own backyard all along."] ["When financial woes threaten their church's future, a group of teens, led by one talented performer, enters a song and dance competition in hopes of winning a heavenly cash prize.<ref nameSunday School Musical - Netflix |url2361637#height1499 |publisher April 2011 }}"] ['{{Plot}} Pete Turner  is the leader of a good-deed-doing group, the ButterCream Gang, in the small rural town of Elk Ridge. Before he moves away to live with his aunt  in Chicago, Pete bikes over to their treehouse, searching for Scott Carpenter , Eldon Flowers , and Lanny Glenn . He climbs up to the tree, being surprised by the rest of the gang. After a brief discussion, Pete nominates Scott to become the new leader of their small band. At the bus station, Pete says good-bye to all his family and friends, then departs on the bus to Chicago. Throughout the school year, Scott and Pete keep in touch by writing letters. As President of the ButterCreamers, though shortest in stature, Scott exceeds the others in honesty and conviction. Pete and Scott exchange several letters, but after a while the two lose touch as Pete befriends a local gang. One night, Pete and his two friends are arrested for committing a petty crime in an alley. A while after the arrest, Pete returns home with his gang, the Blades, to an angry Aunt Maria. After Pete sends his gang away to save them from being scolded, Aunt Maria reveals to Pete a letter indicating that he had been expelled from school for breaking into a kid\'s locker. Aunt Maria decides to send Pete back to Elk Ridge, and says that she and Pete\'s grandfather, Mr. Turner, agree that going back to Elk Ridge would be the best thing for him. One day, Scott, Eldon and Lanny go over to Mr. Turner\'s house, hoping to find Mr. Turner. Instead, they are surprised to find that Pete was the one who was home. They are also surprised by Pete\'s new "threads". After the boys ask Pete numerous questions about his lack of contact, he replies by offering to buy them treats at Mr. Graff\'s store. There, Pete and Mr. Graff greet each other for the first time since Pete had returned to Elk Ridge, and Scott suspects Pete shoplifting some treats for the gang. While the boys wait outside, Scott notices that the treats he gave to the gang were not paid for. Later on that afternoon, while the boys set up to mow Mrs. Jenkins\' lawn, Scott calls a meeting regarding his suspicions about Pete. Eldon and Lanny doubt him. After mowing the lawn, Scott goes to borrow Margaret\'s report she had written on gangs in big cities. That night, Scott encounters Pete in his room. Pete confesses stealing, and that he would apologize and pay for the treats he stole, and would clean up his act. The next day, Regina seeks advice from Margaret: get her young friends to help Scott, Lanny and Eldon by spying on Pete. They together form a smaller, unofficial branch of the ButterCream Gang that they call the ButterCreamettes. Together, they discover that Pete started a gang with two local bullies. Together, they vandalize the town, bully young children at the play park, and a whole bunch of other dirty deeds. The afternoon before the dance, Scott, Lanny, and Eldon are in their treehouse discussing the issue of Pete\'s lack of help toward the gang. They come to an agreement that if Pete did not start helping that he would be dismembered. Margaret later comes to the treehouse, reporting to the gang the actions Pete and his friends had recently performed. Immediately afterward, she collects on the favor Scott owed her, which was to take her to the dance that night. While doing his paper route, Scott passes the cemetery on his bike, and catches Pete and his friends all biking in a circle around Margaret, verbally abusing her. Scott breaks up the circle, knocking one of Pete\'s friends off his bike to the ground. After Scott insists that Margaret leaves, the boys claim that they\'re having a little fun. After the boys insult Margaret behind her back, Scott delivers the message to Pete what he and Eldon and Lanny had agreed on. Pete then removes himself from Scott\'s gang, firmly claiming that he now had his own gang. After Pete and his friends leave, Scott then goes home to get ready for the dance. That night during the dance, in which Eldon and Lanny also attend, Pete and his friends, who happen to be at the dance and notice Scott, light a mini firecracker, which Pete throws right near where Scott and Margaret are dancing. When it explodes, this interrupts the dance. Scott then catches Pete and his gang running off, and runs after them, followed by Eldon and Lanny. Violence escalates, as Scott and Pete agree to a fight the next day in the field. The next day at Church, Scott\'s baseball coach and Pastor Reverend Willke, gives the "Was That Somebody You" speech. Specifics he claim are how an eye-for-eye or tooth-for-tooth have been replaced. During this church session, Scott suspects that Willke had known about the fight Scott had planned with Pete, by the way Willke was looking at him while giving the speech, which tied right into Scott\'s plan. Eldon and Lanny both have been thinking the same thing, but Scott calms them down by explaining that he heard Willke practicing earlier. Later that day, while Pete and his friends are waiting in the field for the fight, Eldon and Lanny arrive, claiming that Scott wanted to meet Pete alone by the rusted truck in another field. Pete then goes over, expecting a fight, but Scott, following the lecture Willke had given, claims there is a better way than fighting. When Pete claims he\'s afraid of nothing, Scott then challenges Pete to spend the day with him, if he had the guts. The next day, Pete follows up, and the two spend the day fishing in the swimming hole, as well as swimming, jumping off the diving platform they built, swinging off the rope, and skipping stones, generally reliving the good times they had together as best friends. At the end of the day, Scott and Pete are in the treehouse, reflecting on the day. Scott then further confronts Pete on his recent behavior. The conversation goes in different directions, and before Scott departs, Pete enforces to Scott that there are only two types of people: friends, and your enemies. The next day, Scott and his baseball team, the Red Sox, warm up for their championship game against the Braves. For the majority of the game, the Red Sox are dominant, leading by 6 home runs. When Pete shows up to the game, his presence somehow hurts the Red Sox\'s momentum as the Braves come back to even the score. When Scott is the last chance the Red Sox have of re-taking the lead, his concentration is thrown off by Pete, who jinxes him while Scott hits the ball, as the catcher catches the ball, eliminating Scott. An angered Scott then runs back to the fence where Pete stood on the other side, scolding him for messing him up. Mr. Turner, who was at the game, apologizes to Scott for Pete\'s behavior. Scott angrily replies, stating that Mr. Turner could send Pete back to Chicago where he belonged. Coach Willke, who is furious with Scott, removes him from the game, claiming he wanted to see him after. An ashamed Scott apologizes, and Mr. Turner forgives him. The Red Sox then lose the championship game in dramatic fashion. After the game, Scott goes to meet Coach Willke, who is understanding of Scott losing his temper after costing his team a possible shot at winning the championship. While throwing Scott a few balls for him to swing, he teaches him about Mahatma Gandhi\'s use of nonviolent resistance to deal with opposition. He also stated that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. Scott finally hits a ball out of the ballpark, re-claiming his good hit he had seemed to lose in the game. One day, when Scott is heading over to the local Annual Picnic on his bike, he is stopped by Pete in the bush. While Pete tells Scott to never ever threaten him, Pete\'s two friends grab him off his bike, and take him into the bushes to beat him. Scott later shows up to the picnic with his nose bleeding. He meets up with Lanny and Eldon, who are concerned with Scott\'s bleeding nose. Scott tells them not to worry, and asks them to do Scott\'s paper route this afternoon without any explanation. He then heads back to the field, looking around for Pete. When they find each other, Pete is ready to fight. Scott, whom once again, followed the wisdom of his coach, walked away, whilst stating to Pete that an "eye-for-an-eye" makes the world blind. At home, Scott has another discussion with his parents. His father then teaches Scott about unconditional love. After reporting the stolen treats to Mr. Graff, claiming that Pete felt he deserved the items he stole for all the help Pete gave around the store. Graff then claims that he would give Pete the treats, in appreciation for the help, and also to prevent him from stealing. Scott then uses what his father taught him to try to redeem his friend. Scott goes over to Pete and his friends, claiming that Pete was his friend, and would always be his friend. When Pete challenges Scott to take his bike from him, Scott gives it to him. Ever since, Pete\'s gang repays his kindness with malicious pranks and assaults. Pete attempts to get back to Chicago by staging his "kidnapping". With help from a seedy drifter, money is demanded from Pete\'s grandfather under threat of Pete\'s life. But Scott and his friends, taking this at face value, attack the pretend kidnapper, who is no match for Eldon\'s patented "Earthquake Stomp". Angrily, Pete tells them off and runs off to the grocery store, where he demands money. The grocer refuses to let him rob him by offering to give him the money. Flabbergasted by this, Pete attacks the store\'s goods—terrorizing the shoppers—and sends treats flying across the room. After Scott arrives, Pete breaks down and runs away. Later in the year, Scott and his friends are pleasantly shocked to read in a newspaper article that Pete has started a new ButterCream Gang in Chicago, keeping it a complete secret from everyone. To conclude the movie, the entire town , sing Pete\'s favorite commercial lyric "You got the right one baby! Uh-huh, uh-huh".'] ['The story is about Reema , a young Muslim schoolgirl in Malabar, who loved Malayalam and poetry. The film is about her mental trauma once she was moved to an English medium school by her parents, for their social status.'] ["Josh is off to his first year of college and Buddy has stayed behind with Josh's little sister, Andrea, and the rest of the family. Andrea, attempting to fit in with her Jr. High classmates, decides to join the baseball team and along the way discovers that Buddy also has the uncanny ability to play baseball. Just as the season is settling in, a terrible discovery is made - Buddy's puppies, have mysteriously started disappearing with the help of kidnappers' little helper, Rocky Raccoon. Turns out the kidnappers' were researchers who were kidnapping Air Bud's pups because they thought they had a special gene that would enable them to play sports. Air Bud must find his puppies and make it to the major leagues as he goes to bat for the Anaheim Angels."] ['Set in between the third film  and second film , Fievel, his friend, Tony and his sister, Tanya all get jobs at the local newspaper, where the audience is introduced to Nellie, who wants to be an important reporter, but only gets small assignments, as if she were a secretary to Reed, the newspaper\'s editor. Throughout the film, Tanya tries to win Reed\'s heart, while Tony tries to get noticed by Reed and promoted to a reporter. Like in the previous movies, where a mouse installation is directly below its human installation counterpart, the newspaper offices the mice work in is directly underneath the newspaper offices the humans work in. Nellie gets a chance when she is assigned to report mice who disappear overnight into holes that open up on their floor all over New York. Reed makes up a, as Nellie calls it, "so-called monster" that lives under Manhattan and takes mice away during the night to add more excitement to the otherwise unimportant story, intending to sell more papers. The night monster creates fears among the readers, as could be expected. Fievel begins having nightmares that cause him to lose sleep because of his fear of the monster; the film opens up with Fievel having a dream about being chased by what he thinks the monster looks like. When, through Tanya, he is assigned the job of following Nellie and drawing up interperatations of what the monster looks like based on witness testimony, this makes his insomnia all the worse. A particularly suspicious miniature French poodle named Madame Mousey, who has started living among the mice about this time, appears at every crime scene, claiming to be a fortune teller. The heroes finally decide to investigate her by means of the "dog council" that meets at Central Park. They also search down one of the holes, which leads directly to a group of cats hiding in the sewers. Also, all the mice that had disappeared are being held in wood cages there, to be sold off to other cats and eaten. The night monster itself, a mechanic device with ghastly flashing pictures and a circular saw, is revealed in full when it attacks the mice newspaper office and printing press to prevent them from printing the truth, which they had just discovered. A great chase scene takes place throughout both the mouse and the human newspaper offices. Reed reveals that he was in love with Nellie all along, much to Tanya\'s intense dismay. When all the cats seem to be under control, the "dog council" appears just as they\'re regaining consciousness and chase them all away, taking Madame Mousey with them. The last scene takes place at the beach, where the audience is told that the "dog council" had chosen for the French poodle  a punishment worse than prison: returning her to her owner. Mrs. Mousekewitz, Fievel\'s mother, surmises saying that now that the mystery has been cleared up, Fievel may finally go to sleep, only to turn around and find him already asleep on the beach towel.'] ['Nim  is an 11-year-old girl, whose mother, Emily, has died. Her father, Jack Rusoe , a marine biologist, said she was swallowed by a blue whale after it was scared by a ship called the Buccaneers. Nim lives on an island in the South Pacific and has some local animals for company: Selkie the sea lion, Fred the lizard, and Galileo the pelican. Jack goes by boat on a scientific mission of two days to find protozoa nim ; he wants to take his daughter along, but she convinces him that she needs to stay to oversee the imminent hatching of Chicca\'s eggs and can manage on her own; they will be able to communicate by satellite phone. Nim, who is fond of Alex Rover adventure books written by Alexandra Rover , receives an email addressed to her father with an inquiry about his field of knowledge. The sender "Alex Rover" seems to be the explorer, but is actually Alexandra, a neurotic San Franciscan who constantly sees her character Alex Rover . An email conversation follows, where Nim first acts as her father\'s assistant and goes to the island with the volcano. Jack suffers a shipwreck, which makes it impossible for Nim and Jack to communicate. Therefore he does not return as planned. Galileo brings Jack things he needs to fix his ship. Nim explains the situation to "Alex". Although Alexandra suffers from agoraphobia and therefore never leaves the house or even opens the door, she travels to the island to rescue Nim. The island is visited by tourists. Nim believes them to be pirates. Without revealing herself she gets out of the crater just in time as plumes of clouds burst out. Down at the beach the tourists scramble to the boats One of them, a young, rich boy, Edmund, sees and follows her. He is confused by her presence but believes her to be another tourist. When he tells the others they do not believe him.'] ['The following is a detailed overview of the mini-movie\'s plot, which is considered non-canonical.  The movie begins with a short opening crawl, detailing that droids belonging to the "evil Separatists" have amassed above the Wookiee planet of Kashyyyk, and that Jedi Knights have been sent to stop the invasion and restore peace. Two Republic fighters appear above the planet and fly towards a Trade Federation control ship . Count Dooku watches from inside, and then, smiling, presses a button, which turns a revolving chair with General Grievous sitting on it. Back outside, Anakin Skywalker  is being chased in his ARC-170 by three enemy Droid Tri-fighters. Anakin leads them into a trench and has two of the enemy ships destroyed by laser cannons fired by their own side. The remaining craft launches a Buzz droid at the ARC-170, which lands near the Clone Trooper rear gunner, who uses a can of "Buzz Spray" to dislodge the robot. The Buzz droid moves over to Anakin\'s window, and after being removed by Anakin\'s windshield wipers, the droid lands on the craft\'s engine and begins to cut into it. Back inside the control ship, Count Dooku tries to watch the battle outside on his television, but only receives static or intermittent test patterns. The shot zooms out to reveal General Grievous balancing on top of the television, acting as a living antenna. Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi is being chased by another Vulture Droid, who launches two missiles at his Jedi interceptor. Obi-Wan uses the Force to dismantle his ship into individual LEGO pieces, and reassembles it after the missiles pass, which instead hits two other enemy ships, destroying them. Anakin\'s ship is hit by laser fire from the control ship and explodes into its component pieces, but Anakin uses the Force to reassemble it &ndash; into a biplane. Looking embarrassed, he again reassembles his craft into a new starfighter, and Force-pushes the Buzz droid into the Trade Federation control ship, creating a hole in the wall. Anakin\'s craft flies through the hole , and encounters three droidekas standing on a platform. As his Clone Trooper pilot hangs onto the wing for dear life, Anakin throws his lightsaber like a Boomerang, which destroys the platform\'s support, sending it tumbling down. Obi-Wan\'s Jedi interceptor is hit by enemy laser fire, and his right wing is destroyed. However, he uses the Force to dissassemble several droid fighters to their individual pieces and attaches them to his craft. He pilots his y-wing towards the Trade Federation control ship and fires a few well-placed shots at it, causing a giant explosion. Anakin\'s ship escapes from an access tunnel just in time as the control ship spectacularly explodes, and Obi-Wan and Anakin head down to Kashyyyk.  The sequence shifts to Kashyyyk. Yoda spots some battle droids and uses his Force powers to destroy several of these droids and reassemble them in a higgeldy-piggeldy fashion, and then uses his lightsaber to destroy the remaining droids. An A5 Juggernaut arrives, and Mace Windu and the Clone troopers come out of the vehicle and attack, joined by the Wookies under Chewbacca, Anakin and Obi-Wan. As the battle commences, Chewbacca dodges an enemy droid tank, which skids to a halt and attacks again, determined to overrun him. Chewbacca hastily assembles a rocket launcher out of spare Lego pieces and shoots a rocket at the enemy, hitting one of its tracks. The tank skids out of control and almost hits Chewbacca, who faints from shock. Almost all the clones and Wookiees have been destroyed or have run away; Anakin, Obi-Wan, Yoda, Mace Windu and Chewbacca find themselves surrounded. But then Wookiee reinforcements arrive and beat the droids back. The remaining droids retreat in a demoralised rabble.  The next sequence takes place in a setting similar to the cantina in A New Hope, including its famous soundtrack, with Grievous acting as the bartender and several other Star Wars characters in attendance. R2-D2, carrying some drinks on a tray strapped to his back, passes Yoda, who uses his force powers to hog the drinks. Obi-Wan and Anakin are drinking happily when Chewbacca takes a Polaroid picture of Anakin and Obi-Wan. Seeing that the picture is actually of Darth Vader and Old Ben Kenobi in a lightsaber battle , Chewbacca faints yet again. The end credits show, accompanied by a clip of Darth Vader conducting, with his lightsaber as a baton, some clones in the famous Imperial March.'] ["{{Plot}} Ten year-old India Opal Buloni  has just moved to the small town of Naomi, Florida with her father, a preacher . While in the Winn-Dixie supermarket that summer, she encounters a scruffy dog that is administering catastrophe. She claims that it is hers, and names it Winn-Dixie. She discovers that Winn-Dixie becomes friends with everyone he encounters, and she makes some new friends in the process. She also rekindles the relationship with her father, and learns ten things about her mother who abandoned them when she was 3 years old. Opal meets Miss Franny Block , an elder librarian, who runs the Herman W. Block Memorial Library and tells her many great stories, and Gloria Dump , a blind recovering alcoholic who is rumored by some to be a witch. Opal gets a job at Gertrude's Pets in order to be able to pay for an expensive leash and collar for Winn-Dixie, and befriends a worker there, Otis , a shy ex-convict with a passion for music. She also meets a girl named Sweetie Pie Thomas  who is eager to get a dog like Winn-Dixie. Opal now feels happy that she has made so many friends, learning many things from each of them and finding out that each of them has a sad and lonely past. Opal eventually gets to keep Winn-Dixie. Later, a thunderstorm comes while Gloria is having a party at her house and Winn-Dixie, being afraid of thunderstorms, runs away. While Opal looks for him, her father wants to give up and she blames him for her mother and Winn-Dixie running away. But her father explains that he tried very hard to look for her mother. After Otis plays a song on his guitar, Winn-Dixie comes back and everybody is content.UNTIL Opal meets the Dewberry Boys. Stevie is the rude boy and Dunlap  is the more compassionate yet still occasionally rude. The Dewberry Boys had to shave their heads when they were little because they had lice. Everybody learns to somewhat,kinda like Stevie by the end of the movie."] [' When Rainbow Brite  and her magical horse Starlite , go to Earth to start spring, they meet Stormy , another magical girl who controls the season of winter with her horse Skydancer . Stormy, however, doesn\'t want to end her winter fun, so Rainbow battles her for control over the season. Stormy proves to be no match for Rainbow and Starlite, who outrun her and head off to Earth. When they arrive, they meet up with Brian , the only boy on Earth who can "see" Rainbow and Starlite. Once Rainbow tries to start spring, however, her power weakens and winter remains. Brian becomes worried that spring will never come and senses that all of humanity is losing hope. Even Stormy is confused. Reassuring Brian that they will do what they can to return spring, Rainbow and Starlite return to Rainbowland. Rainbow is paid a visit by a strange robotic horse with rockets for legs named On-X . He presents an urgent message from a legendary Sprite named Orin  who explains the luminous and magical planet Spectra, a planet of pure diamond that "all light in the universe has to pass through," has grown dark. If it dims completely, all life in the universe will die. Rainbow takes the mission to find Orin and later learns that Spectra is dimming as the result of a massive net being woven around the surface. The net is being made so that a selfish princess , known only as the "Dark Princess," can steal Spectra, "the greatest diamond in all the universe," for herself, and tow it back to her world with her massive spaceship. The native Sprites of Spectra, enslaved by Glitterbots under the Princess\'s control, are being forced to weave the net. Now Rainbow has to stop the Princess\'s plan before all life on Earth is frozen solid by an endless winter. Helping Rainbow and Starlite is Krys , a boy from Spectra. Krys believes he can take on the evil Princess and save his home world himself without the help of a "dumb girl." When they meet Orin, the wise Sprite tries to make the two children get along and work together to stop the evil Princess. Orin tells them that they can only destroy her by combining their own powers against her. Getting in the way of their mission is the sinister Murky Dismal  and his bumbling assistant Lurky  who, as usual, are lavishing in the new gloom created by the darkening of Spectra, as well as trying to steal Rainbow\'s magical color belt. After dodging Murky, Rainbow and Krys enter the Dark Princess\'s castle and try to convince her that what she is doing will destroy the universe, but the spoiled and uncaring Princess is determined to have the diamond planet for herself and traps the children instead. Working together, Rainbow and Krys escape and use their powers to destroy the Princess\' spaceship, which extends an array of robotic claws to grab the net around Spectra.  Once the Princess is defeated, the enslaved Sprites are freed and immediately destroy the net so that Spectra radiates its magical light once again. On Earth, a warm spring finally arrives as life returns to the planet and Rainbow returns to Rainbowland finding her friends are back to normal.'] ['{{Expand section}} Four children capture a Japanese soldier who washes ashore during the Second World War.'] ['It is Christmas time on Sesame Street. Snuffy, Big Bird\'s best friend, departs for Cincinnati to visit his grandmother for the holiday, and promises to return the day after Christmas. While Elmo falls asleep on Christmas Eve watching TV, Santa Claus gets lodged halfway up his chimney. By freeing him, Elmo is granted the privilege of choosing a gift. When Elmo chooses a magical snow globe instead of a pink teddy bear, he is granted three wishes. Using the snow globe, Elmo wishes for a glass of water because he is thirsty. Elmo\'s next wish is more significant to the plot of the story: "Elmo wishes it was Christmas every day." This proves to be a very costly mistake. Suddenly, all the businesses are permanently closed for Christmas. Snuffy is gone all year, visiting his grandmother out of town, making Big Bird extremely depressed. There is nothing playing on TV but It\'s a Wonderful Life. Carolers carol and children exchange gifts. At the urging of Santa Claus, Lightning, one of Santa\'s reindeer-in-training, uses his speed to take Elmo into the future to see what Christmas is like in the spring, summer and to the following December 25. The Count becomes "all Christmassed out" and furious at Elmo, and so does the rest of Sesame Street. The carolers lose their voices from constant caroling. Big Bird is upset, as he misses Snuffy, who has been in Cincinnati for an entire year. Luis finally closes up the Fix-It Shop for good. Santa is retired and should move to Florida. After regretting his second wish, Elmo decides on his final wish , shaking his snow globe rapidly: "Elmo wishes that everything on Sesame Street was the way it used to be, when Christmas was only once a year." Oscar tries to intervene, but Maria furiously demands silence from him and pleads for Elmo to fix the whole issue. The globe flies out of Elmo\'s hand and breaks. Luis laments, "It\'s Christmas...forever!", and Big Bird says, "Goodbye, Snuffy." Elmo and Lightning go back in time to the Christmas on which Elmo wished it was Christmas every day, erasing everyone\'s memories . After saving Santa for the second time, Elmo chooses the pink bear, but Santa immediately offers him a new gift, the "Moo Bunny", a half-cow, half-rabbit plush toy. Big Bird is reunited with Snuffy early, because just as he was about to leave for Cincinnati, his grandmother came to Sesame Street instead for Christmas. The show closes with its final song: "Keep Christmas With You All Through the Year", which was also featured on Christmas Eve on Sesame Street. Elmo learns though that although Christmas can\'t be every day, it\'s important to have the spirit of Christmas every day.'] ['This film starts with an introduction to the lead actors, who live in Chandan Nagar Society. Each of the eight children has his own identity and a nickname based on these qualities. Akram is the fast bowler , Encyclopedia is the mastermind . Not only that, but their whole team has a nickname - CHILLAR PARTY. They explain that they have mainly two enemies vith the "over-sized" neighboring cricket team to whom they always lose, and a dog to whom they have given a name - Loose Motion, since it has a tendency to make messes. So they develop an enmity against dogs. They were mourning and complaining about the dog when Lucky Singh nicknamed as Panauti , says that "Don\'t worry, no other dog will ever enter our society," everybody loses hope.Their hopes are shattered shortly after a boy- Phatka who was employed for washing the cars of the society, enters with his dog Bhidu. They do everything to throw the boy and his dog out, but become unsuccessful. Eventually they develop a friendship with each other as Phatka helps them by serving as the lead bowler during the match with the neighboring cricket team. But their happiness is short-lived when a reckless politician, Bhide, enters their life after his personal secretary is attacked by Bhidu for having hurt Phatka. He announces that in a news telecast, all the stray dogs roaming about in residential buildings in Mumbai will be caught and terminated and gives an excuse that it is done so that Mumbai becomes safer- and declares the slogan as "Safe Mumbai and Safe Mumbaikar". He further informs that the dog can only be saved if the society files a NO OBJECTION CERTIFICATE within 1 month. Chillar party, shocked by this, strives hard to get the NOC- wherein they have to get at least more than 50% votes of the total residents in the society i.e. 31 votes. But they manage only ten votes after 15 days. To get more votes, they organise a CHADDI MARCH- marching the streets with nothing on their body except underwears. They are telecast on TV and this gets them 10 more. With more hard work and awareness they manage to get another 10 votes counting a total of 30 votes. Only 1 day remains to complete the deadline of 1 month as declared by Bhide. Whilst all this chaos is going on, a t.v channel invites Bhide and the Chillar party for an interview. Seeing this as their last chance, they attend the interview which is being telecast to the whole India. Knowing that that is the last day and dog catchers are after Bhidu, they pray hard to save him. During the interview they are constantly mocked by Bhide and asked if all these dirty tricks and uncultured techniques were taught to them by the textbook. As he asks to stop the telecast, Silencer, who doesn\'t speak at all, speaks for the first time. He opens his text book and reads out loud "We must always help others" followed by others reading out "A friend in need is a friend indeed" and "We must do what is right". Overwhelmed by this the whole audience gives them a loud round of applause. Whilst in the society, dog catchers are already searching for Bhidu. The paper containing 30 votes is before the secretary, Mr. Tandon while he\'s watching the telecast. He resents Chillar party and is a close associate of minister Bhide. He was asked by to give away Bhidu since this issue originated in his society. Chillar party pleads to leave and the interviewers agree. When they reach the society, they are disheartened as there is no sight of Bhidu. Suddenly Bhidu comes jumping in, wearing a collar reading "Bhidu- Chandan Nagar Society". While they were happy seeing Bhidu, they see the NOC on the desk with 31st sign - belonging to Tandon.'] ['After her father dies, Mackie and her mom move to a new town. As she makes new friends, she discovers a band she wants to join. The only problem is, the band consists of only boys and no girls are allowed. She comes up with the idea to dress like a boy to join the band and be part of "The Challengers". Balancing out between dressing up as a guy in the band and a being normal girl with her best friend Jenny is harder than she thought.'] ['Special Delivery "S.D." Kluger  is introduced. His mail truck breaks down, so he begins to tell the story of Santa Claus, in order to answer children\'s letters to Santa. The story begins in a gloomy small town called Sombertown, which is ruled by the grouchy, ill-tempered, child-hating Burgermeister Meisterburger . A baby arrives on his doorstep, with a name tag reading "Claus" and note requesting that Burgermeister raise the child as his own. However, Burgermeister angrily orders his right-hand man, Grimsby  to take the baby to the "Orphan Asylum." On the way there, a gust of wind blows both sled and baby far away, to the mountains of the Whispering Winds. There, the animals hide him from the Winter Warlock , a powerful wizard who dislikes anyone trespassing his land. They bring the baby to the other side of the mountain, where he is found by an elf family by the name of Kringle, led by Tanta Kringle. They adopt him, naming him “Kris.” A few years later, Kris hopes that he can one day restore the Kringle family as "The First Toymakers to the King." However, the fact that the Kringles can\'t pass the mountains without coming across the Winter Warlock has kept them from doing so. When Kris is old enough, he volunteers to deliver the toys to Sombertown. Meanwhile, the Burgermeister has outlawed all toys in the town, having been injured by tripping over a toy duck while walking out of City Hall. He declares that anyone found possessing a toy will be arrested and thrown in the dungeon. Before Kris makes it into the town, he meets a lost penguin who he names Topper. Once Kris enters the town, he meets two children washing their stocking by a water fountain before Kris could give the children the Kringle made toys he is stopped by Miss Jessica , a schoolteacher. She is at first rude to Kris, but likes him when he offers her a China doll as a "peace offering". However, the other townspeople are even frightened by Kris saying "toy" and are questioning him about the "clothes" that he was wearing. The children of the town have been put into labor, mostly washing their stockings. Kris decides to change that and begins handing out toys. Just then, the Burgermeister arrives. Seeing the children playing with the toys, he almost arrests the children, but Kris confesses it was he that gave them the toys. He tries presenting the Burgermeister with a Yo-yo in which the Burgermeister happily played while recalling when as a child that he loved the Yo-yo and loved to do tricks with one, only for Grimsby to remind him that he\'s breaking his own law. Kris barely manages to escape the Burgermeister\'s forces. As Kris and Topper pass through the forest, the Winter Warlock\'s magic trees capture Kris and Topper. Kris tries to get out of trouble by offering the warlock one of his toys. He gives him a toy train, and melts the Warlock\'s evil icy heart. Touched by this act of kindness, the Warlock, now wanting to call himself Winter, turns to human form and befriends Kris. To repay him, Winter shows Kris how to make a magic snowball, showing that Jessica is searching for him. Kris finds Jessica, who informs him that the Burgermeister destroyed all of the toys and the children now request new ones. Kris becomes burdened every night with the ever increasing demands, while the Burgermeister implements harsher measures to ensure that he does not succeed. When Burgermeister hears that Kris is going to bring more toys, he orders all doors to be locked, before their houses are searched. Kris then uses the chimneys to get inside. The children hung their stockings by the fireplace to bluff the Burgermeister so he thinks that the stockings were being dried in front of the fireplace but it was a sign to Kris that he could put their gifts inside, so that Burgermeister can\'t find them. Growing frustrated with his inability to stop Kris, the Burgermeister sets a trap for him as he makes another delivery, as well as jails the Kringles, Topper and Winter. Jessica pleas to the Burgermeister to release Kris, the Kringle clan, and Winter but her pleas falls on deaf ears. Realising now that all of Sombertown and the Burgermeister are against her, Jessica visits the dungeon. She tries pleading Winter to use his magic to break everyone out, but the old warlock despondently feels that he has no more magic left except for a few items, including magic feed corn, but it can only make reindeer fly. Jessica gives Kris\'s reindeer friends some feed corn, and with the help of the flying deer, the Kringles, Kris, Topper, and Winter escape. After having spent months of being an outlaw and discovering that their home was destroyed by the Burgermeister troops, Kris returns to the woods, where he since he\'s a full fledge Kringle grows a beard as a disguise. Tante suggests that he return to his real birth name "Claus" for safety. Kris asks Jessica to share the name Claus with him, as his wife. After the marriage, the group travels to the North Pole, where they eventually build Santa Claus\'s Castle and Workshop. Eventually, everyone realizes how silly the Burgermeister\'s laws were. Kris\' legend goes worldwide, and, having now become Santa Claus, he realizes that he cannot keep up with all the toy requests. This leads him to his decision to visit just once a year, on December 24 Christmas Eve "The Night of Profound Love". The film ends as S.D. Kluger reflects on what Santa\'s real meaning is all about even though there are a few misguided people who do not understand what the real meaning is . Just then, though, S.D. remembers that he still has to deliver the letters to Santa. Then, joined by Topper, Winter The Kringle Bros, and a parade of children from the town once known as Sombertown, S.D. begins to sing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town". The film\'s closing scene has Kris and Jessica in silhouette, as he puts his old hat back on his head. Then, Santa steps out of his Palace, revealing himself in full splendor.'] ['Set in the fictional Welsh village of Llynfawr, Steve  runs away from home after an argument with his parents. His sister Maureen  enlists the help of his friend Paul  to find him, although Paul is initially unwilling to help. He eventually finds Steve in an abandoned slate quarry.'] ['The plot of the movie concerns Kelly Collins, a free-spirited eighth grade girl whose mother gets married to Brigadier General Joe "Sir" Maxwell . When her new stepfather becomes the Commandant of a military school, George Washington Military Academy, Kelly and her family move upstate. Kelly has to enroll at the school, since it is the only school in the area, leaving behind her art school and her best friend Amanda. On her first day at military school, she befriends Carla , a girl who has been there for a long time and shows her the ropes. Kelly, at first, has trouble fitting in and obeying the orders of the officers above her, especially Cadet Captain Jennifer Stone , who has a crush on Cadet Major Brad Rigby . Kelly feels drawn to Brad instantly, and competes with Captain Stone for his attention. Captain Stone does not treat Kelly well, verbally abusing her and destroying her personal belongings. To get back at her, Kelly decides to paint Stone\'s hair in the middle of the night, in the same pattern as a blanket of Kelly\'s that Stone ruined. Kelly is ready to tell her mom about her feelings and opinions of the new school, but before she could even start, her mother reveals to her that Kelly is going to have a half-sibling . Seeing that her mom needs her support, she vows to help her stepfather learn how to take care of a child and make him "ready" to be a dad. After Kelly accidentally ruins Stone\'s dress at the school dance, she is forced to appear in Cadet Court and is found guilty of many infractions. She is sentenced by her stepfather to take care of and shine the uniforms of the drill team, which she had, earlier in the film, referred to as a team of robots. However, she gradually takes a liking to them and decides to try out for the team, seeing that they need some inspiration. With the help of another friend of hers, Gloria , she practices enough and makes the team. Kelly\'s team makes it to the regionals, which will be held at a different school. Kelly\'s dad surprises her by revealing that he will be working a job nearby, and can make it to the regionals to see her perform. The day of the competition, however, he does not show up and Kelly begins to worry. Her stepfather notices that she is distressed and asks her to explain the situation to him. Kelly tells him that she has received a phone call from her father that was cut off, which she finds strange. She refers to her cell phone as her and her father\'s "lifeline", and says that he would only call if it was an absolute emergency. Seeing that Kelly needs help, he excuses her from the competition and goes with her to the location her father said he would be. They find him on a cliff, as he has fallen down. Kelly doesn\'t want to leave him alone, so she uses her new training to rappel down the cliffside and stay by her father. Joe calls for help, and a rescue team arrives to bring him and Kelly back up. Realizing that Joe has become more fatherly, she tells both of her dads that she is proud to be their daughter. Kelly runs back to the competition to find that they are down by five points. The only chance they have of winning is a special routine that Kelly and Stone had been practicing. They perform it, and receive excellent marks from the reviewing board. George Washington places 2nd, the best they have ever won, by one point. Stone tells Kelly that if she hadn\'t joined the team, they never would have made it that far. Kelly, overjoyed to hear Stone praise her for once, gives her a hug, which she is surprised by, but returns anyway. Kelly vows that they will win next year as long as she and Stone keep practicing their routine, but Stone reveals that she\'s moving to Europe because her father, who is in the Army, has been transferred there. Stone tells Kelly that she\'d like for Kelly to one day become a cadet captain and have to deal with a "maggot" just like her. The drill team then faces Joe who salutes them for a job well done and Kelly smiles and salutes him alone, which he returns.'] [' The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate\'s home in a suburb of Chicago the night before their flight. Eight-year-old Kevin, their youngest son, finds himself the subject of ridicule from his siblings and cousins. After getting into an argument with his older brother Buzz, he is sent to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes his family would disappear. During the night, a power outage resets the alarm clocks and causes the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin is left behind and the family does not realize it until they are already airborne. Once in Paris, his mother and father desperately try to book a flight home. Meanwhile, Kevin wakes up to find the house empty and is overjoyed to find that his wish came true. He practises shooting with Buzz\'s BB gun, jumps on the bed, watches a gangster film, and eats a large serving of junk food, but in the process accidentally wrecks Buzz\'s room. However, he finds himself frightened by the appearance of the Chicago Police Department called by his parents to check on him; his next door neighbor "Old Man" Marley, who was rumored to have murdered his family many years earlier; and the appearance of The Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, who are breaking into other vacant houses on the block. On Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears Harry and Marv discussing plans for breaking into his house that night. After conversing with a Santa Claus impersonator and watching a local choir perform in a church, he comes across Marley. The two of them talk, and he learns that Marley is in fact a very nice man and the rumors about him are not true. He tells Kevin he is watching the choir because his granddaughter is in it, and he never gets to see her because he and his son have not spoken in years after a big argument they had. Kevin advises him to reconcile with his son. After leaving the church, Kevin heads home and sets up various booby traps inside the house. Harry and Marv break in. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to the second floor of the house and dials 9-1-1. They chase him out of the house and he flees to the vacant neighboring home. The Wet Bandits catch him when he runs to the top of the stairs and hang him on a coat hook on the door. Marley sneaks up behind them and knocks them out with a snow shovel and takes Kevin home. Shortly after, Harry and Marv are arrested. Kevin wakes up the next morning and is disappointed to see that his family is still gone. He then hears Kate enter the house, calling for him. He goes downstairs and the two of them meet and reconcile. Immediately after, the rest of the McCallisters, having traveled directly from Paris to Chicago, arrive. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry\'s missing gold tooth and wonders what it is. Kevin and Buzz have a moment of reconciliation. He then goes over to the window and sees Marley greeting his son and his family. As he is hugging his granddaughter, he looks up to see Kevin. He waves at him and Kevin waves back, smiling. He watches as Marley heads inside with his family. Buzz interrupts him by calling out, "Kevin, what did you do to my room?", at which point Kevin runs off and the film ends.'] ['A series of mysterious lightning storms are wreaking havoc worldwide as they spiral through the atmosphere toward Greenland. Once they collide, they will create one massive storm that will result in cataclysmic destruction. The Rescue Heroes use their new Mission Select equipment to contain the disasters all over the world caused by these strange storms. But Billy Blazes is poisoned on a mission and getting weaker by the moment, and Rocky Canyon is grounded for insubordination, therefore making the team short-handed. The Rescue Heroes face their biggest challenge yet, since they must find a cure to save Billy and solve the mystery of the storms in order to save the world in time.'] [' The film is set in 1980s New York City. An orphaned kitten named Oliver is left alone after his fellow orphaned kittens are adopted by passersby and he wanders the streets by himself. The next day, he is tricked into assisting a laid-back dog named Dodger into stealing food from a hot dog vendor. Dodger then flees the scene without sharing his bounty with Oliver. Dodger eventually arrives at the barge of his owner, a pickpocket named Fagin, along with his meal, to give to his friends: Tito the Chihuahua, Einstein the Great Dane, Rita the Saluki and Francis the Bulldog. Oliver sneaks into their home, located below the city\'s docks, and is discovered by the dogs. After a moment of confusion, Oliver is then received with a warm welcome. Fagin, owner of the dogs, comes in and explains that he is running out of time to repay the money he borrowed from Sykes, a ruthless shipyard agent and loan shark. Sykes\' Dobermans Roscoe and DeSoto attack Oliver but the cat is defended by Fagin\'s dogs. Sykes tells Fagin the money must be paid in three days, or else. Fagin and his pets, now including Oliver, hit the streets to sell some shoddy goods and perhaps steal money. Oliver and Tito attempt to break down a limousine but the plan backfires when Oliver accidentally slipping on the ignition key and falling over the dashboard and Tito being electrocuted by the cars\' wires, causing the car\'s electrical system to go haywire, and Oliver is caught and taken home by the limousine\'s passenger Jenny Foxworth and her butler Winston. Jenny\'s parents, being rich, are away traveling the world and she adopts Oliver out of loneliness. Georgette, the family\'s pompous and pampered poodle is enraged and jealous by Oliver\'s presence and wants him removed. Dodger and the others manage to locate Oliver, and with help from Georgette they remove him from the house. Oliver later explains that he was treated kindly and did not want to leave, much to the shock of Dodger who felt that Oliver was ungrateful, but allows him the opportunity to leave. However, Fagin arrives, having surrendered to his fate, happened to have held Oliver who was about to leave. Fagin then discovers Oliver has been taken care of by a "very rich" owner from Fifth Avenue, and attempts to ransom Oliver so he would finally pay back Sykes, whom he later informs of his plan. Meanwhile, Jenny discovers Fagin\'s ransom note, and attempts to meet Fagin\'s demands, escorted by Georgette. Jenny then meets with Fagin, initially oblivious that he had ransomed Oliver. Fagin, bothered by his conscience after realizing how downhearted Jenny was, changes his mind about the ransom and gives her Oliver back freely. Suddenly, Sykes comes out of the shadows and kidnaps Jenny, intending to ransom her. Dodger rallies the dogs and Oliver to rescue Jenny from Sykes, but the animals are confronted by Sykes and his Doberman dogs after they free her. Fagin then arrives at the scene and saves the group with his scooter and a chase follows through New York, and right into the subway tunnels. Sykes, driving like a maniac, pursues Fagin through the subway. Jenny accidentally ends up on Sykes\' hood, and Oliver and Dodger attempt a rescue. Roscoe and DeSoto fall off the car in a struggle and die when they fall onto the train tracks. In an almost suicidal move, Tito takes control of Fagin\'s scooter as Fagin attempts to retrieve Jenny, and Tito drives the scooter up the side of a bridge as Sykes\' car drives straight into the path of an oncoming train, obliterating Sykes and sending him and his car toppling into the Hudson River. Dodger and Oliver managed to survive the train collision and are reunited with Jenny and the others. Later, Jenny celebrates her birthday with the animals, Fagin and Winston. Oliver opts to stay with Jenny but he promises to remain in contact with Dodger and the gang.'] [' :Original Croatian character names are in parentheses. Lapitch , a small orphan mouse, works in a small town as the apprentice of the Scowlers—a mean-mannered shoemaker , and his kind-hearted wife . His dog, Brewster , keeps him company when he is alone. One day, Master Scowler awaits a visit from the Mayor  and his son ; Lapitch has to make sure the pigs\' boots are the right size. When the piglet tries to put them on, things do not go well, and the two patrons leave for good. Lapitch tries to tell the Master it was not his fault, yet he still blames his young apprentice for the mistake. After Lapitch gets scolded, Mistress Scowler apologises for her husband\'s bad behaviour. While he tidies up, she tells the young mouse that she and her husband used to be happier ages ago. Lapitch wants to know why, but the Mistress vows only to tell him when he is older. That night, Lapitch writes a letter to the Scowlers and leaves the village, wearing the piglet\'s boots. Although Lapitch has said good-bye to Brewster, the dog joins him the following morning. Eventually, the two of them visit a young squirrel named Marco , who lives in a house with a blue star on its walls, and help him round up some geese that went astray while he was tending to the flock. At evening, Marco\'s mother thanks them by serving a luscious supper. An awkward raccoon, Melvin , eavesdrops on the group\'s conversation. Hearing of a valuable treasure stored inside their house, he runs off to tell his boss, the evil Dirty Rat , about the goods. When morning comes, Lapitch and Brewster say farewell to the squirrels. The road ahead, however, does not go smoothly: an afternoon of unusual weather culminates in an evening storm, and they must find shelter. When they do, under an old bridge they meet Dirty Rat himself, and sleep next to him. Because of Dirty Rat—"king of the Underworld" as he is known—Lapitch wakes up shocked to see his boots gone. As he looks for the shiny pair, he meets Lisa —another orphan mouse—and her parrot Pico ; both came from a circus whose ringmaster treated them badly and left them behind. During their journey, the two mice and their pets meet Melvin\'s hardworking mother and help her chop wood. Worried about her son\'s bad deeds, Melvin\'s mother gives Lapitch a silver coin for luck before they go off. The mouse later gives it to the raccoon, after he falls off Dirty Rat\'s wagon. Soon, the group team up with some villagers to extinguish a fire, but the villagers make Melvin a suspect in the area\'s recent robbery sting. In addition, the group encounters a poor woman named Yana , whose magic powers give Lapitch the courage to face the evil Dirty Rat. After the gang comes to a circus, Lisa entertains the patrons of an under-used merry-go-round. As night falls, she reunites with her horse, Blanka , after hearing its neigh. But a nasty surprise awaits everyone: Dirty Rat makes a deal with Lisa\'s ringmaster in which he vows to reach Marco\'s house with a fast horse, and steal the family chest. Lapitch and friends plan to stop him for good when they hear this. Later on, they meet Master Scowler, whom Melvin has just rescued. Scowler tells them he was robbed and tied up in a tree for two days. They all set forth to put an end to Dirty Rat; Melvin gives them a hand, but his boss ties him and swings him out of the way. A determined Lapitch, guided by Yana and her wise advice, comes to terms with the villain\'s schemes. Dirty Rat is so enraged that his horse charges straight at the little mouse, about to trample him. At the last moment, a bolt of lightning splits the harness; the Rat and his cart fall down a cliff, encased in huge boulders. The clouds clear as soon as everyone celebrates. Then, Lisa tames Dirty Rat\'s black horse, and gives it to Melvin, who promises to live a good life after what he has gone through. The next day, Lapitch, Lisa and the rest arrive at Marco\'s house, where his mother shows them the family\'s valuable treasure; she also receives Melvin\'s coin. When they leave, they meet Marco\'s father, gone for a long time after working in a faraway land. Back home, a worried Mistress Scowler is delighted to see everyone back again—Brewster, Master Scowler, Lapitch and Lisa. By then, she and her husband finally recognise Lisa, the orphan circus star, as their lone child Susanna. The Scowlers have their happiest moment ever due to this; afterwards, Master plays a pleasant tune on his violin, and everybody dances to it. Eventually, the Scowlers rekindle their relationship, and the town dwellers celebrate along with them. In time, Lapitch becomes the most respected shoemaker they have ever known.'] ["In Central City, siblings Andi  and Bruce  defraud a pawn shop owner to raise money to feed their Jack Russel Terrier, Friday. Soon afterwards, the pawn shop owner approaches them with a police officer, pointing Andi out as the culprit. As she tries to talk her way out of trouble, Bruce's backpack falls and its contents spill out, revealing his scamming supplies. They then are arrested and taken to the local police station, where their social worker, Bernie, sternly scolds them and says that they may be separated the next time they do so because they keep changing from their previous foster homes to another. Bernie then takes them home to their foster parents, aspiring rock stars Lois and Carl Scudder. The two are angry that the children have missed dinner  and Bernie takes responsibility. Andi and Bruce are sent to their room for the night, where they have hidden Friday from their guardians. In the morning, Friday wanders out of the room into the apartment and is almost seen by Lois. The kids attempt to get him back into their room, trying to hide what they are doing, and eventually do so without Lois realizing what is going on. Once back in the room, however, Friday uses a homemade elevator, designed and built by Bruce, to leave the apartment through the window and is picked up by animal control. Andi and Bruce are desperate to find Friday and scour the area looking for him. They enter a pet store and ask the manager, Dave, and employee Heather, whether they have seen Friday. Neither of them has, but they suggest visiting the local pound to see if he is there. At the pound, Andi and Bruce discover Friday is indeed there, but must bribe one of the officers to get him released. On the way home, they encounter a burglary in progress at a store and as the police arrive they flee to a nearby abandoned hotel to avoid being pointed as the culprits. Friday then gets away from them again and they search the building to find him. As they do, they hear strange noises, which they discover to be a brindle English Mastiff and a French Bulldog puppy that have taken shelter inside the hotel. With them is Friday, and Andi and Bruce decide to leave him in the hotel for the night and return home. The next day, the two kids steal from the refrigerator to take to the hungry dogs. At the hotel, they find that the mastiff was howling because the shades had been drawn. The kids return to the pet store to get more food, and lie to Dave, claiming that their parents are dog rescuers. Heather follows them back to the hotel and announces that she wants to help. They are later joined by another kid, Mark, who has a crush on Heather. Bruce builds a number of contraptions to keep the dogs fed and entertained while they are alone in the hotel. They decide to take in all the stray dogs they can find. Bruce begins to name all of the dogs and keep track of them in an old hotel guest registry. Andi sneaks out of the apartment and goes to a party she was invited to attend. However, she is recognized by Dave's best friend, Jason who tells Dave and Heather that she is actually a foster child. Upset, she runs from the party to the hotel, where the dogs are running wild. The police come to the hotel, arresting the kids for animal theft and taking the dogs to the pound. Bernie and his wife, Carol, tell them that there is nothing more they can do. The dogs are scheduled to be euthanized and Andi and Bruce are sent to separate foster homes. Meanwhile, in the animal control station, Friday escapes from his leash and runs to Dave. They pick up Andi and Bruce, sneak into the pound, and release the dogs, attempting to lead them to the truck with some sausages, but the dogs go to the hotel which Bruce realizes is because it's their home. As they pass the hotel, however, the dogs run inside and a standoff ensues with the police and an animal control member tells the police to arrest Andi, Bruce, Dave, and Heather. Bernie gives an emotional speech about the dogs' never-losing hope after their negligence from their human owners, causing the media and some of the police to look at what the kids have done to the hotel to see about the dogs staying there. Exasperated with no dog-catching action, the animal control workers run off outside. Bernie and Carol end up adopting Andi and Bruce themselves and love dogs so they have no problem with the kids keeping Friday. In the meantime, Andi and Dave start dating and Mark finally impresses Heather and she kisses him on the cheek. Pressured by the media at the scene, the police are persuaded to allow the dogs to remain at the hotel, which is eventually restored as a community-funded, full-fledged canine retreat where the kids and even some of the dogs work. The new hotel is like a real hotel with restaurants, entertainment, a salon, adoption, bellboys, rooms, massage and more. Andi and Bruce's former foster parents, Carl and Lois, are part of the entertainment, but perform so terribly that even the dogs get bored of them."] ['{{Plot}} A baby reindeer named Rudolph is born with an abnormally red, shiny nose, and upon tripping into a pile of hay bales and sneezing shortly after his birth, his nose begins to glow. His parents start to worry that Rudolph will be made fun of because of this, and their worries come true when the secret of their son\'s nose is accidentally revealed to Rudolph\'s three uncles, Cupid, Dasher, and Comet , and he starts getting taunted for this. A year later, Rudolph is sent to school, where he falls in love with a gorgeous doe named Zoey but is ridiculed by everybody around him . When he can take being laughed at no longer, Rudolph runs from the school building and meets Santa Claus, who accepts him despite his nose and treats him with kindness. Shortly after, on Christmas Eve, after Santa has flown away for his annual travel around the world, Rudolph winds up running into Zoey, who wishes to befriend him. However, Arrow, Rudolph\'s cousin and rival who has also set his cap for Zoey, disrupts their romantic moment beneath the mistletoe to lead Zoey away, hating to see her with Rudolph, albeit she still holds a strong fondness for Rudolph. Years later, after Rudolph, Zoey, and Arrow have reached adolescence and are about to take part in the Reindeer Games, before the event, Zoey gives her pendant Rudolph to bring him good fortune, much to the chagrin of Arrow, who cheats at the games so he may be chosen to become a Flyer . During the beginning competition, Arrow argues with Rudolph that Zoey really does not truly like him, antagonizing Rudolph into making his nose gleam and blind Arrow. Rudolph wins the race, but is disqualified because he was tricked into cheating using his nose by Arrow, thus making him ineligible for the position of Flyer. The disqualification of Rudolph infuriates both Blitzen  and Zoey, who confronts Arrow for cheating and ends their romantic relationship. Rudolph also overhears Blitzen arguing with the coach of the Reindeer Games and catches him shouting at the coach that his son\'s nose was "an accident," which hurts Rudolph so that he decides to run away into the Arctic wilderness, longing for Zoey\'s company. Zoey is devastated upon learning that Rudolph ran away from home, so she decides to run off in search of him and even deliberately crosses the forbidden bridge of Stormella, the wicked Ice Queen, who incarcerates her in an icy prison cell. Meanwhile, Rudolph has become acquainted with an Arctic fox named Slyly and a polar bear named Leonard, but one night he winds up meeting the Sprites of the Northern Lights, a group of singing, colorfully-garbed sprites who fly around the North Pole and admire Rudolph, who tell him that he must rescue the kidnapped Zoey. They instruct him how to properly use his nose, and soon Rudolph, Leonard, and Slyly journey to Stormella\'s castle to free Zoey. Seeing as Zoey defied one of Stormella\'s orders by trespassing on her closed ice bridge, the antagonized Stormella fulfills her vow that she promised to perform if anybody ever crossed her bridge again: she unleashes a humongous blizzard upon the North Pole using her magical powers. Rudolph, Slyly, and Leonard make it to her castle, but soon find themselves locked up in ice prisons of their own for crossing Stormella\'s bridge. After the Ice Queen goes to sleep, Slyly sneaks into her bedroom to try and retrieve the key to his friends\' prisons, managing to unlock them and free the group. However, the awakened Stormella learns about this and sends her pack of wolves after Rudolph and his friends, cornering them on a cliff. When she threatens to freeze Zoey, Rudolph is antagonized to such a degree that he uses his nose to blind Stormella, sending her toppling off of the cliff, hanging on for dear life. In spite of imprisoning his companions and causing him trouble, Rudolph saves Stormella\'s life by allowing her to grab on to his budding antlers and pulling her back up on the cliff, so she promises to reward him with a wish. Much to the Ice Queen\'s dismay, Rudolph wishes that Stormella would turn from evil to kindhearted, to which she reluctantly casts such a spell upon herself, but the snowstorm that she created is unstoppable. Boone and Doggle, two of Santa Claus\'s elves who were sent to search for Rudolph and Zoey, bring the entire group back to Santa\'s Village, though because of the blizzard Santa might not be able to carry out his flight this year. However, after he catches sight of Rudolph\'s glowing red nose, Santa asks the reindeer to lead his team of reindeer, to which he agrees. Rudolph guides Santa\'s sleigh through the storm, and it turns out to be a merry Christmas after all.'] ['The plot revolves around an ape playing sports. Jack, a three-year-old chimpanzee who is the subject of an experiment involving sign language that is performed by Dr. Kendall. However, Dr. Kendall loses funding for his research and Mr. Kendall\'s boss, Mr. Peabody, sells Jack to a medical research lab, much to Dr. Kendall\'s dismay. Unfortunately, Dr. Kendall dies  from a heart attack. Dr. Kendall had set up Jack to be taken away from the lab, but Jack was sent to Canada by mistake. In Canada, Jack befriends a lonely teenager named Steven Westover and his deaf sister, Tara . Steven soon discovers that Jack has an uncanny ability to play the sport of ice hockey and Jack joins Steven\'s junior league hockey team when it is discovered that there is no rule that chimpanzees can\'t play hockey. However, just before the championship, Dr. Peabody returns to reclaim Jack. At the end of the final game, Jack shoots. "Check the net," they say. Sure enough, he shot his shot so fast, it went straight through the back of the net. Due to the realistic nature of the plot, viewers must be reminded that this is indeed a work of fiction.'] ['Jafar, Grand Vizier to the Sultan of Agrabah, is attempting to retrieve a magical oil lamp containing a genie from the Cave of Wonders. After seeing a petty thief\'s failed attempt to enter the cave, Jafar and his parrot, Iago, learn that only a "Diamond in the Rough" can enter the cave. Jasmine, the Sultan\'s daughter, frustrated with her life in the palace, flees to Agrabah\'s marketplace. There she meets street rat Aladdin and his monkey, Abu. The two discover they have a lot in common. When Aladdin is detained for thievery, Jasmine orders him released, but Jafar lies to her that Aladdin has been executed. Disguised as an elder, Jafar releases Aladdin and Abu from prison and leads them to the Cave of Wonders. The tiger-shaped head of the cave says to touch nothing but the lamp. Aladdin and Abu enter the cave, where a magic carpet guides them to the lamp. Abu\'s attempt to steal a ruby causes the cave to start collapsing, but the carpet flies them to the entrance. As Aladdin delivers the lamp, Jafar tries to kill him, but Abu bites Jafar in the arm and gets the lamp back as he, the carpet, and Aladdin fall back into the cave just as it closes. In the collapsed cave, Aladdin rubs the lamp, unexpectedly unleashing a genie, who reveals he will grant Aladdin three wishes—with the exception of murder, romance, or revival of the dead. Aladdin tricks the Genie into freeing them from the cave without using a wish. While contemplating his wishes, Genie admits he would wish for freedom, since he is a prisoner to his lamp. Aladdin promises to free the Genie for his last wish. After talking about Jasmine with the Genie, Aladdin decides to use his first wish to become a prince so he can woo Jasmine. Aladdin returns to Agrabah just as Jafar tries to trick the Sultan into arranging a marriage between himself and Jasmine. When Aladdin parades into the Sultan\'s palace as "Prince Ali", Jasmine rejects Ali as a suitor. Despite the Genie\'s suggestion that Aladdin to tell the princess who he really is, Aladdin remains as a suave prince, and takes Jasmine around the world on the magic carpet. During the trip, Jasmine exposes Ali as a commoner, Aladdin, and demands the truth from him. Aladdin instead fabricates a story that he sometimes dresses as a commoner to escape palace life. The couple kisses as Aladdin returns her home. Afterwards, Aladdin is captured by Jafar and thrown into the ocean, but the Genie rescues Aladdin as his second wish. Aladdin returns to the palace and exposes Jafar\'s plot; and Jafar flees after noticing the lamp in Aladdin\'s possession, realizing who Aladdin is. As Aladdin gets doubtful about revealing who really is, Iago steals the Genie\'s lamp and brings it to Jafar, who becomes the Genie\'s new master. Jafar uses his first two wishes to become Sultan and the most powerful sorcerer in the world. Using his new powers, Jafar forces Jasmine and her father to bow, exposes Aladdin as a street rat, then exiles him and Abu to a frozen wasteland. Aladdin uses the magic carpet to return to Agrabah, where Jafar has imprisoned both Jasmine and the Sultan as his slaves. Jasmine distracts Jafar with a seductive act as Aladdin tries to steal back the lamp, but Jafar confronts him. He imprisons Jasmine in a large hourglass and turns himself into an enormous cobra. As Jafar traps Aladdin in his coils, he boasts to be "the most powerful being on Earth", which causes Aladdin to shout out that the Genie is more powerful. Faced with this realization, Jafar uses his final wish to become a genie. However, Jafar discovers that genies are not free entities as he is sucked into a black lamp, dragging Iago with him. The Genie flicks the lamp into the Cave of Wonders. After Aladdin realizes that he cannot keep pretending to be something he is not, he decides to keep his promise and wish for the Genie\'s freedom. Seeing Jasmine\'s love for Aladdin, the Sultan changes the law to allow her to marry whomever she deems worthy. The newly free Genie leaves to explore the world while Aladdin and Jasmine celebrate their engagement.'] ["The movie begins with a now grown-up Alden  telling the story of his childhood in an orphanage, and how his parents set him on the steps of the Pelton Orphan home. He says that 'soccer was the only thing that made his life easier'. When he was too old to stay in the orphanage, he went out and married his wife Elena . Alden misses his days of soccer, so he reasons that the only way to enjoy it was to have a son to play it with. Alden and Elena go to the Pelton Orphanage, where Alden has to face the mean headmaster. He and Elena adopt Clay . They bring Clay home and Clay isn't really into the spirit of things. Meanwhile, the setting shows little boy playing with his dog, Kimble  in the park, then throws the ball over the fence of a construction site. The evil dogcatcher, Damon Fleming  catches 'Kimble' and takes him to the pound. The next day, Alden learns that Clay doesn't know how to play soccer. Clay goes to practice is confused by his coach, Coach Shaw, who doesn't really know anything about soccer. He tells the team he wants 100% from each of them from each quarter, and Sonny, whose father is a rich fat guy with two bodyguard, points out that in soccer there are no quarters, just two halves. Coach Shaw get irritated and tells Sonny that there is no A in team, then spells it T-E...go take a lap.  Behind the scenes, when the dogcatcher goes to take a head count of the dogs, he finds Kimble isn't there and finds he has escaped through a sewage hole in the floor under his mat. Kimble is seen running away and removing the orange tag on his right leg. After that, the coach is explaining that soccer is a game of 'hand eye coordination'. Clay raises his hand to ask a question, but is deterred by Vince,  who tells him not to bother and that 'daddy has a feeling baby was dropped on his head when he was a baby'. Meanwhile, the dogcatcher sets out to find Kimble and, while eating a blade of grass, finds the orange tag Kimble tore off. On the other hand, Clay is walking back home from practice when Vince catches up with him. they talk a little, but Clay doesn't really understand Vince because he calls people 'baby' and calls himself 'daddy'. That's when Clay spots Kimble digging in a flower bed and calls to him, and Kimble comes. later that night, at dinner, Elena wants Clay to take violin lessons, and she and Alden sort of argue. Clay excuses himself to go feed Kimble, who he has named Lincoln and hid in his bathroom. Alden thinks that Clay is not feeling welcome, so he comes into Clay's bedroom to find he was hiding a dog. In the middle of the soccer season, Sonny's dad thinks that Vince is getting too 'hot' and that if he keeps showing off, Sonny was to give him a food poisoning pill. Sonny drops it in Vince's drink and Vince can't play. Clay's dog, Lincoln, runs out on the field and the Coach appoints him to play. The referee tells this really old lady to check the book of soccer rules, which is a 7 inch tall book. The rules state that Lincoln can play for the team. Lincoln scores a goal minutes afterwards. At the end of the season, the team wins the championship. Lincoln's original owners take their dog back, but Clay gets a puppy at the end that looks exactly like Lincoln, the dogcatcher disappears, and Alden becomes the coach of the Stampede."] ['The episode is set in London in 1882. It begins with Cavis Appythart and Millward Phelps—jingle writers who decide to make their big break into musical theatre. While Millward is content to see their work featured on billboards and in newspapers, Cavis believes they can make a difference in crime-ridden London by staging a grand musical that will move the citizens to greater expressions of love. Their opportunity arises when Millward\'s Uncle Nezzer grants them the use of his theater on Christmas Eve. They plan the huge production of a new musical called "The Princess and the Plumber". Unfortunately, the script is not yet complete, and the premiere is only three days away. Seymour Schwenk , their friend and an inventor, shows up in an experimental rocket car (a direct reference to [[Chitty Chitty Bang Bang  and delivers a box of light bulbs to them. Cavis maintains that if their production is glitzy and bright (electric lights are still a novelty at this time and were first introduced at the Savoy Theatre for Gilbert and Sullivan\'s [[Patience  then it will be a bigger hit and reach more people. He plans to integrate the lights directly into the scenery itself . However, they still have much work to do. They need to convince the city\'s premiere talent, Constance Effie Pickering, to star in the lead role, and they need to get a commitment from Prince Calvin Fredrick to attend the premier. While Cavis and his assistant Bob Winston work on Pickering and the Prince, Millward struggles to complete the script. Everything comes together, and Cavis starts feeling confident that their production will be a huge success. The Prince tells Pickering that her pipes are corroded they water can\'t drain and her toilet exploded, she\'s flushing in vain. After noticing a flyer for a Christmas pageant planned to debut on the same night at a local church, Cavis goes to investigate. He observes Edmund Gilbert preparing a low-budget children\'s play, and concludes that it poses no threat to their grand production. However, the pageant intends to feature an object called the "Star of Christmas". Wondering aloud about this as he leaves the church, Cavis is overheard by Arthur McHollingshead. Arthur, a historian, reveals that the Star of Christmas is an ancient relic that has not been seen by the public in 79 years. He rushes off with great excitement to report the news, which promptly makes the front page headline the following morning. Faced with the prospect of losing their audience  to the pageant, Cavis vows to make their own production greater and flashier. But they can\'t compete with the Star of Christmas, and in desperation Cavis and Millward go to the church to steal the Star. They are caught, however, and narrowly escape from the aged "Moyer the Destroyer" who was left to guard the relic. With the Star and the flashy lights, Cavis is certain that "The Princess and the Plumber" is now a guaranteed success. But during dress rehearsal, the excessive amount of lights  ignite the curtains. In minutes the theater goes up in flames and with it the Star of Christmas. As they stand and rue this terrible turn of events, an officer named Dwiglight Howarde arrives with Moyer LaGumtree, and Cavis and Millward are arrested. In the jail, they meet a prisoner, Charles Pincher, who laughs at their efforts to spread love by means of an elaborate stage production. He claims that real love does not expect fame or wealth in return, that real love makes sacrifices to help others without expectation of personal gain. That kind of love, he says, is extremely rare. As if on cue, Edmond and his father, Jesse, arrive at the jail to release Cavis and Millward. They have chosen not to press charges for the theft of the Star. Cavis is moved, and he expresses his desire to attend the pageant. But the pageant starts in ten minutes and there is not enough time to get there. Just then Seymour shows up in this rocket car. He entrusts Millward to drive the vehicle and try to get them all to the church on time. It\'s a harrowing ride fraught with collisions and near-misses, but they do arrive just as the pageant is about to start to crash through a bakery and a bank. The pageant goes on with the Prince and Miss Pickering and everyone else in attendance. Cavis finally learns that Christmas is not about glitz and grand productions; he understands that it is about a baby in a manger, Jesus, who is the real "Star of Christmas". After the play, Moyer shows up and says that the real Star of Christmas  is actually safe, and that they actually took the Turtle of Damascus, which most people consider a hoax. The episode ends with Cavis and Millward performing a selfless act at last: they bring cookies and a gift to Charles Pincher in his jail cell, Cavis says, smiling warmly, "Merry Christmas Mr. Pincher".'] ['Millions tells the story of 7-year-old Damian, a devout Catholic school boy, whose family moves to the suburbs of Widnes after the death of his mother. Soon after the move, Damian\'s "hermitage" in a cardboard box by the train tracks is disturbed by a bag of money flung from a passing train. Damian immediately shows the money to his brother, Anthony, and the two begin thinking of what to do with it. Anthony wants the money all to himself. Damian, kind-hearted and religious, had recently overheard three Latter-day Saint missionaries lecture other members of the community on building foundations of rock rather than foundations of sand, an old Christian principle which dictates that self-worth should be based on the teachings of Christ rather than any other object of worship such as Money/Mammon or Power. The lecture inspires Damian, who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries\' letter box, having heard about their modest lifestyle and deciding that they too must be poor. Throughout the story, Damian commits small acts of kindness like buying birds from pet stores and setting them free and taking beggars to Pizza Hut, while Anthony bribes other kids at school into being his transportation and bodyguards, and looks into investing the money in real estate. The story takes place in the weeks leading up to The Bank of England\'s  change from the pound  to the euro - an event publicised as \'€ Day\'. An assembly is held at Damian\'s school to inform the children about the change, as well as to educate the children about helping the poor. Realizing that the money, which is in pounds, will be no good after a few days, Damian decides that the best thing to do would be to give it away before the conversion. He drops £1,000 into the donation can at the assembly. The woman collecting the money, Dorothy, is forced to report Damian; when questioned by the principal, Anthony lies that he and Damian stole the money from the Mormons. Damian and Anthony are grounded that night. When their father collects them from school he chats with Dorothy, and there is an obvious attraction between them. After the donation, Anthony\'s friend informs them that a train carrying notes which were to be destroyed after the conversion had been robbed. One bag was stolen in a diversion, while the robber remained on the train disguised as one of the emergency staff, and the money had been dispersed by throwing it off of the train at various locations throughout the country to be collected by the robbers. The boys logically conclude that their money was stolen, and Damian, who thought the money was from God, feels terrible. Around this time, a mysterious man comes snooping around the train tracks and asks Damian if he has any money. Damian thinks that the man is a beggar and tells him he has \'loads of money\'. However, Anthony realizes he is one of the robbers, and gives the man a jar full of coins to cover Damian\'s tracks. The robber eventually finds out where Damian lives and ransacks his house. Damian had informed his father about the money just before they came home to their destroyed house. The robbery is then explained. The robbers boarded the train. They then escaped the police by dressing as football fans and joining a crowd of similarly dressed fans leaving a game. However, one man remained on the train. He began to throw the money off, to be collected later. The robber who came sneaking around hid in Damian\'s room after ransacking it, much in the way the train robbery was carried out. Damian\'s father, who had resolved to give the money back, decided that if the robbers were going to steal his family\'s Christmas, then he would steal the robbers\' money. The family, as well as Dorothy, go on a massive shopping spree on Christmas Eve. That night, after they are asleep, their house is bombarded by beggars and charities begging for contributions, and seeing the confusion that results, Damian runs off to the train tracks to burn the money, deciding that it was doing more harm than good. While he is burning the money, he is visited by his dead mother, who tells him not to worry about her. In the final scene, the audience sees Damian\'s dream of the family flying a rocket ship to Africa and helping develop water wells, while Damian narrates over the scene that each family member but him had hidden a little bit of the money beforehand. Damian convinced them to spend this money on the wells he is dreaming about. Earlier in the movie this was shown to be the most crucial and cheapest way to drastically improve the quality of life for many African communities.'] ["An orphaned girl named Heidi is sent to live with her paternal grandfather by her maternal Aunt Dete, who has been looking after Heidi since she was a baby. Heidi's grandfather initially dislikes having Heidi around because she interferes in his routine. But when grandfather hurts his leg, Heidi helps nurse him back to health, and during this time the two bond together. Heidi meets the local goatherd, a boy named Peter, and often goes with him and the village's goats on thei daily grazing trips higher up the Swiss mountain. On day, however, Heidi's Aunt Dete arrives to take Heidi away again, saying that a wealthy family in Frankfurt, Germany, wants Heidi to come live with them. Heidi's grandfather reluctantly lets her go. Heidi arrives at the house in Frankfurt, where she learns she's supposed to become the companion of a wealthy but invalid girl named Klara. Klara's Governess and guardian Fräulein Rottenmeier disapproves of Heidi's simple country ways, but Klara likes Heidi and insists that she stays. Heidi brings joy into Klara's life, especially when she gives Klara a basket of kittens as a present. When Rottenmeier discovers the kittens, Heidi is locked in the rat-infested basement. Peter and the country animals come to Heidi's rescue. Together with Klara, the three travel to the Wunderhorn without telling Rottenmeier. At this time, Klara's father returns to Frankfurt after being away on business, and is angered that his daughter has disappeared. He immediately leaves for the Wunderhorn, and this time Rottenmeier and the butler Sebastian take the opportunity to flee. The three children travel up the mountain, but Klara stops halfway so that Heidi can run on ahead without pushing her wheelchair. Heidi runs ahead and is joyfully reunited with her grandfather. Back halfway down the mountain, Klara's kitten Snowball is attacked by a hawk. Klara crawls out of her wheelchair and uses a stick to fight off the hawk. Klara then discovers that she is able to stand. Klara's father arrives and together they celebrate Klara's mobility and Heidi's return."] ['It is a story that takes place in Jamaica in 1718 about a band of buccaneer pirates, led by Captain “Red” Ned Lynch, pitted against a greedy overlord, evil Lord Durant. Durant has ruthlessly imprisoned his Lord High Justice and mercilessly evicted his wife and daughter Jane Barnet who eventually attempts a rescue with Lynch’s help. The film stars Robert Shaw as Lynch, Peter Boyle as Durant, Geneviève Bujold as Barnet as well as James Earl Jones, Beau Bridges, Geoffrey Holder, Anjelica Huston and Avery Schreiber.'] ["The old witch Surulunda orders little clumsy dragon Hector to find a successor for her. Bringing along a magical book, Hector flies into the room of the young girl Lilly. She agrees to be the new witch, and has to prove her fitness for the job during a probationary period of 99 hours. She has to deal with evil Jerome who wants to steal the book, which he wants to use to control the world. For this purpose he tricks people into looking into his eyes, so that he can hypnotize them. The victims, including Lilly's mother, start to behave oddly, and dress in grey. Lilly and her little brother Leon often quarrel. However, when Jerome kidnaps Leon and demands the book for his release, Lilly gives up the book temporarily. The two, together with two boys from school, succeed in recapturing it, and saving the world from Jerome's control. This also improves Lilly's relationship with Leon."] ["Steve Walker  arrives in a seacoast town to take the position of track coach at the local college, in Maryland, called Godolphin. The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard's Inn, a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate's crew, where Steve will be boarding. The owners are attempting to pay off their mortgage in order to keep the inn from being bought by the local crime boss, Silky Seymour , who wants to build a casino on the land. In quick succession, Steve discovers his track team's shortcomings and runs afoul of the dean of Godolphin College, its football coach, and Seymour; but he also makes the acquaintance of an attractive Godolphin professor, Jo Anne Baker , who is anxious to help the elderly ladies save the Inn. A bidding war with the football coach at the charity auction nets Steve an antique bed warmer, once owned by the wife of Captain Blackbeard, named Aldetha Teach, . Inside this bed warmer is hidden a book of magic spells, that had once been the property of Blackbeard's wife. Steve recites one as a lark, unintentionally conjuring up the ghost of Blackbeard , who appears as a socially-inappropriate drunkard whose wife cursed him to an existence in limbo unless he can perform a good deed. The two are bound to one another by the power of the spell and only the very reluctant Steve can see or hear the ghost. As a result, Steve must deal with the antics of the wayward pirate while attempting to revive Godolphin's track team and form a relationship with Jo Anne. Steve gets arrested falsely for drunk driving, in his automobile, which was in the control of Blackbeard, who was steering the steering wheel like a pirate ship, As a result of this, as well as causing the cop's motorcycle to crash into a tree, he spends a night in prison, while Blackbeard goes in and out, creating havoc for Steve. While in prison, Steve tells Blackbeard about what Mrs Stowcroft mentioned that if Blackbeard did a good deed, the curse would be broken. However, when Steve asks for the treasure that would help save the Daughters of the Buccaneers, in keeping the inn, Blackbeard admits that he spend all of the money, therefore, causing Steve to no longer trust Blackbeard. Steve gets released from prison the next, however, he's placed on probation with the college. His team had to win the Broxton relays or he would be finished. The trouble was that the athletes looked pale and sorrowful, causing them not have a chance in the competitions. Things get more complicated when the pirate steals one of the Inn's mortgage payments and bets it on Steve's track team. Blackbeard's intention is to use his ghostly powers to help Godolphin win the Broxton Relay track meet, and thereby pay the mortgage in full. Though Steve  is at first outraged over the pirate's interference during the meet, he eventually decides the greater good is to win the money for the sake of the Inn, and help the old ladies whom he also has grown fond of. He also accepts the pirate's help in shaking down Silky Seymour and his thugs after Seymour refuses to pay out the winnings from the bet. Finally, with the mortgage paid, Blackbeard has performed his good deed and is released from the curse. After Steve has revealed him to the ladies and Jo Anne, Blackbeard bids them all a cordial goodbye and departs to join his former crew, leaving Steve and Jo Anne to pursue their future happily together."] ['Three years after the previous movie, Marnie Piper prepares to begin a new school year in her new home. She asks the Halloweentown Witches\' Council to work toward openness between Halloweentown and the mortal world. She proposes to bring a group of Halloweentown students to her own high school in the mortal world. The Council is initially apprehensive about this, mostly due to the legend of the Knights of the Iron Dagger: a fanatical knighthood who wanted to destroy all things magical. The Council, however, agrees to accept the plan after Marnie mistakenly bets "all the Cromwell magic" that her plan will work . If she does not prove she is right by midnight on Halloween, then her entire family will lose their magical abilities. The Halloweentown students consisting of an unnamed witch, Ethan Dalloway, Jessica, Pete, Chester, Natalie, Nancy, Zachary, and Bobby arrive. They are magically given human appearances to disguise their true non-human natures. School begins with Marnie acting as tour guide for the exchange group ; Aggie substitute teaching so she can be available in case of need; Cody, a new student, showing a romantic interest in Marnie; and a possible threat to the school from the Knights of the Iron Dagger. She encourages the kids to join sports teams and clubs. While Aggie proves unable to teach any subject effectively , the Halloweentown students keep to themselves, hiding in the refuge that Aggie magically creates for them in a remote student locker. Marnie gradually encourages the kids to join school activities and make new friends. Marnie\'s progress is interrupted by a warning that appears to be from the Knights of the Iron Dagger, then by a magical incident at the mall that results in the Halloweentown students assuming their natural appearances, by a break-in at the secret magical locker, and finally by the disappearance of one of the students. Meanwhile, Marnie\'s developing relationship with Cody parallels an unexpected romance beginning between Aggie and the school\'s principal, Phil Flanagan. Aggie suspects Cody of being the cause of the trouble, and tries to convince Marnie to halt their relationship, but Marnie in turn suspects Flanagan. They eventually discover that Flanagan is the Knight in question; he was told prior to the students\' arrival that he was the last of the Order. Edgar Dalloway, head of the Witches\' Council and father of one of the students, is the real root of their problems. He wants to keep Halloweentown isolated from the mortal world, and used Flanagan to ensure the failure of Marnie\'s project. This, he hoped, would cause a negative reaction in Halloweentown and keep the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world closed. The Halloweentown students use the school\'s Halloween carnival to improve mortal attitudes toward magical folk. Their haunted house depicts the ordinary lives of creatures that have typically been seen as monsters in the mortal world, including displays like the "Monster Tea Party" and ogres "picnicking in their natural setting", and winds up boring the carnival goers. Gwen meanwhile uses a witch\'s glass to hunt down the missing student whom Dalloway imprisons. At the school Halloween carnival, Edgar Dalloway launches magical attacks against mortal students by bringing the inanimate monsters in the haunted house to life. The ensuing damage and panic spiral beyond Marnie\'s and Aggie\'s ability to contain them, including a reanimated skeleton which grows 30 feet tall. Flanagan incites a mob to corner the Halloweentown students. Cody shames the crowd, the students reveal themselves, and the crowd accepts them for who they are. Flanagan also renounces being a knight and accepts Aggie. Dalloway claims the Cromwell magic, but Gwen, accepting her magic abilities, has shown the evening\'s events to the full Witches\' Council. They return the Cromwell magic, Gwen returns with the student whom Dalloway had imprisoned, and the Council imprisons Dalloway in another witches glass considering this his resignation . The portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world opens in the middle of the haunted house, and crowds of kids from Halloweentown cross over to enjoy the carnival together with mortal world kids. Marnie flies off for a romantic broom ride with Cody and, while flying over the carnival, they kiss.'] ['Witch Marnie, has just spent two years with her grandma Aggie. While hosting a mortal neighborhood Halloween party, Marnie tries to impress a cute new boy, Kal by showing him Aggie\'s magically-hidden room. Unbeknownst to Marnie, Kal is actually the son of Kalabar and takes the opportunity to steal Aggie\'s spell book. Soon Aggie notices unwelcome magical symptoms. She and Marnie travel to Halloweentown to investigate and fix the problem before the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world, open only on Halloween, closes at midnight. They discover that the whole town has been turned into a made-to-match black and white silent film, and that the inhabitants have been turned into humans . The victims include Marnie\'s goblin friend Luke. Aggie diagnoses this as the "Grey Spell." Aggie contacts grandson Dylan back home for a spell from her book, and Dylan and Sophie discover the book is missing. Marnie and Aggie learn that Kal is actually a warlock, and the son of their enemy Kalabar . Kal broke the Code of Merlin, a way of life for magical beings, by stealing Aggie\'s book to limit her ability to hinder his attempt to complete his father\'s revenge on both Halloweentown and the mortal world. Aggie believes that if he is willing to go that far, then there is nothing that they can put past him. Aggie searches for her spare copy of her spell book at her house in Halloweentown, but it is missing and she despairs. During a conversation between Aggie and Marnie, about another way to reverse the "Grey Spell," Marnie inadvertently says the spell "Trap a" which reverts Luke back to his goblin form. Unable to explain the spells\' reversal, the group soon believes that it is temporary. The trio travel to the lair of the well known junk magnet of the universe, Gort, who acquires lost items from both realms. He had been discolored by the Grey Spell and had sold the spare spell book some time ago. Unfortunately Aggie loses her color and sorts socks with Gort and everyone is trapped in his house. Marnie uses time travel to go back before the black and white happened. Unfortunately, when they get there, they learn that Gort had sold the spare spellbook to Kalabar about 50 years prior . By remembering what things Marnie had been, hastefully, saying back when Luke returned to  normal, they learn that, in her haste, she said "trap a" as "trapa", which is "Apart" spelled backwards. Despite being able to use a wizard\'s lost time-line, to speed up getting back to the present . They arrive too late and the portal shuts tight with a big, strong, metal, bulletproof door, trapping Marnie in Halloweentown. Kal, having enspelled Halloweentown into a monochrome talkie caricature of the mortal world, is now at work enspelling the mortal world into a Super Technirama 70 monster movie caricature of Halloweentown. Sophie and Dylan realize that Alex, believed to be Kal\'s father, was actually a golem intended to distract Gwen. To make their mom believe that, Sophie creates a fly. Alex, being made of frogs, eats the fly and ends up getting dispelled by a furious Gwen. Being informed of Kal\'s plot to turn humans into the creatures they "mock" on Halloween, Gwen tries to take off her mask, but it doesn\'t work. Kal has made the mask stick to her face. He then continues his spell; they are to late as chaos as endured throughout the mortal world. Dylan and Sophie hid from the monster humans . Marnie, trapped in Halloweentown, frees Aggie, but refuses to accept they are locked in. She contacts her siblings through a shrunken head, and they create a new spell that forces the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world to reopen permanently. An angry Kal confronts Marnie, who mocks him and demands for the book. Kal produces vines and takes both spell books in an attempt to prove his own superiority, which fails when Marnie takes them from his hands. Kal then is sent away by the vines, apparently according to his own desire, and the family breaks the spells. Aggie undoes all the damage then after a talk with Gwen head to head, setting things right in both the mortal world and Halloweentown.'] ['In October 1974, Raggedy Ann is the beloved doll of Marcella, along with her brother Raggedy Andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys. Whenever Marcella leaves the room, the dolls come to life. On Marcella\'s birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who is unaware she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. Soon, however, the pirate Captain Contagious, who lives in Marcella\'s snow globe, becomes enamored of Babette and kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set off to try to rescue her before Marcella discovers Babette is gone. Out in the world outside the nursery, the two meet the Camel with the Wrinkled Knees, a blue toy camel who has been cast off by past owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. Raggedy Ann assures him a home with Marcella, and he joins their rescue party. After Raggedy Ann and Andy hitch a ride on the Camel, he begins to follow hallucinations of a parade of camels ascending to heaven. While he\'s distracted, he runs over the edge of a cliff into a deep pit. In this pit they encounter the Greedy, a gluttonous, blob-like monster presumably made of sticky candy, who eats constantly and is never full. While singing about the plight of never being happy despite his unending consumption, he reveals that the only thing that could satisfy him is a sweetheart, presumably a romantic partner, but he decides that the candy heart Raggedy Ann has sewn up inside her would do just as well. The Raggedys and the Camel narrowly escape being consumed by the Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette. While travelling through the woods, they encounter Sir Leonard Looney, a purple knight with a penchant for humiliating gags. He tricks the trio and kidnaps them to Looney Land, where all the practical gags are. They are then introduced to the court of King Koo Koo, a near microscopic king who has a part of him expand every time he laughs at someone else. He finds that the curious little trio that has been brought to him do a good job of making him expand overall when they subjected to Sir Leonard Looney\'s gags. Before the King can find a better use for them, the Raggedys and the Camel escape out an exit, leaving King Koo Koo to shrink back down to his regular size. King Koo Koo then decides that the Raggedies are perfect and will be just what he needs to accomplish what he has been waiting for his entire life - his "Last Laugh." He calls up his cohort Gadzooks, a giant, green, inner tube-like sea creature with a massive array of arms and discusses his plans. Meanwhile, the Raggedys and the Camel have found a getaway boat, and are getting away from Looney Land posthaste. Using a telescope aboard the bizarre little ship, they are able to spot the Captain\'s pirate vessel, and are able to zoom in toward the ship and haul themselves on board. When Babette is finally found, the Raggedys discover that she is no longer in need of rescue. She has in fact charmed the pirate crew, raised a mutiny against Captain Contagious, and has assumed command of the ship, in the ultimate hope of sailing back to Paris. Just then, King Koo Koo, with assistance from Gadzooks, arrives on the scene, and begins to snatch passengers and crew alike off the boat, notably most of the male pirate crew, Raggedy Andy, the Camel and Captain Contagious. Gadzooks begins his "tickle torture" causing King Koo Koo to expand completely, achieving his goal of being "the biggest king in the world." Raggedy Ann and Babette are hiding underneath the canopy of one of the escape boats, with Queasy, the Captain\'s faithful parrot, trying to figure out what to do when they  decide that King Koo Koo should "blow - up!" King Koo Koo, who had been eavesdropping on Raggedy Ann and Babette, has them quickly subjected to the same tickle-torture, while Queasy rockets towards the massive balloon that King Koo Koo has become. King Koo Koo, who now dominates the horizon, celebrates his enormous size and finally getting his last laugh while Queasy collides into King KooKoo beak-first, like a pin into a balloon, causing him to explode. Raggedy Ann and Andy are seen spinning around in a wormhole, along with the Camel, before the screen goes dark. They are then discovered the next day, along with Babette, the Captain and the remains of his ship, in a small pond outside. Marcella brings her toys back in, missing the Camel in a pile of leaves. Later that evening the Camel crawls up to the window, where Raggedy Ann and her friends let him in, and he realizes he has finally found home. Marcella finds the Camel among her dear toy friends, and while she is at first puzzled by his appearance in her room, she embraces him and accepts him as her own.'] ['Oopsy, Cheer, Funshine, Share, and Grumpy are building WooHoo World, Care-a-lot\'s amusement park. Everyone has a job on the building of the park and Oopsy\'s job is painting the tracks of the Funderbolt ride. He had completed one part of the tracks but realized that he was stuck. Suddenly, he slips into the paint and ruins part of the park. Cheer, Share, Funshine and Oopsy decided to try the Funderbolt ride. After the ride, Oopsy stumbles and makes a chain reaction with plenty of disaster on the way that leaves Grumpy and the others wondering if they can fix Oopsy\'s disaster in time for the grand opening. Oopsy feels guilty for his actions and he wants to help his friends. Funshine recommends that Oopsy place the placing signs all around Care-a-Lot, this keeps Oopsy from causing any more trouble. Cheer gives Oopsy a special whistle in case he needs her help. Meanwhile, a mean bear called Grizzle, who doesn\'t understand the Care Bears and their "caring stuff", has a new plan to conquer Care-a-Lot. He creates a "ride" called the "CareTaker" that steals the Care Bears\' belly badges. But he needs three ingredients to make the CareTaker work: a smiling sun , a crying stormcloud  and a rainbow . He sends out Wingnut on a mission to Care-a-Lot to get the three ingredients. When Wingnut meets Oopsy, they became friends. Wingnut takes Oopsy to Grizzle\'s lair. Grizzle tells Oopsy that he created a new ride but in order to make it work, Oopsy must gather the sunshine, the stormcloud and the rainbow. Oopsy and Wingnut return to Care-a-Lot and later come back to Grizzle\'s lair with the sunshine and the stormcloud but Grizzle isn\'t happy with the rainbow that\'s painted on Oopsy\'s backside and says that they need a "real" rainbow. Oopsy uses the whistle to call Cheer. Grizzle then colors the CareTaker with Cheer\'s rainbow. Then, he told Cheer to try the CareTaker. Cheer rides the CareTaker and her rainbow symbol disappears. Grizzle falls out of his metallic suit, then he gets angry and gets back in his suit. Then, he locks Oopsy and Cheer into a slammer and he tells them about his plans to take all the belly badges off all the Care Bears and conquer Care-a-Lot, and then leaves. Oopsy feels bad about the situation, but Cheer cheers him and helps him figure out a solution to save the day. Suddenly, Oopsy sees one of his tools and uses it to open the bars. Then, WooHoo World is opened for business. When Oopsy and Cheer return to Care-a-Lot, they see that Grizzle stole all the Care Bears\' belly badges and has stored them a translucent ball. Grizzle announces his intentions to use belly badge magic to conquer Care-a-Lot, but when he tries, the magic doesn\'t work for him. Oopsy points out that the magic works only for the Care Bears and those who care. Grizzle then tries to use the Funderbolt ride to destroy the belly badges and manages to destroy the ball. All the Care Bears are very upset about the situation. Oopsy urges every Care Bear to hold hands with each other and remember who they are and how much they care. The magic comes back, as well the belly badges to every Care Bear excluding Oopsy, who drew his own. Wingnut decides to stay with the Care Bears and sends Grizzle to his lair. The next day, when WooHoo World is reopened, Grumpy names a newly added part of the Funderbolt: a corkscrew-shaped ride called "Oopsy Loopsy". The film ends with the Care Bears enjoying WooHoo World with WingNut and some ride the FunderBlot. The end credits show pictures of children showing their Care Bears teddy bears.'] ['Rob and Chris have a baby boy named Robbie. At first the appliances all think that they will pay more attention to him but later get used to him . Later, the Hearing Aid, who was left in a drawer in their new house from the past owner gets out of the drawer and passes everyone who is asleep. Toaster then sees him and follows him up to the attic. Toaster gets very suspicious about him when he was talking to someone in space. The next morning, Toaster tells what happened last night then they all agree to stay on watch of the drawer till he comes out. Later, when it is midnight, everyone falls asleep just when Hearing Aid escapes from the drawer. The "little master", as they call baby Robbie, awakes to the sound and gets out of his crib and follows Hearing Aid. The appliances awake and find Robbie going up the stairs. Lampy tries to get him down, but is dragged up the stairs and his plug slips out and falls down the stairs. The appliances appear in the room when a big beam of light appears. The appliances chase after Hearing Aid, but then Robbie disappears in a bubble through space. And after that, they all find out that he was sent to Mars. They get Wittgenstein, the old supercomputer, to help them and gives them advice. They get the microwave and cheddar cheese popcorn to help them fly, as it is organic, a laundry basket, and the ceiling fan. They set off in space to go to Mars and find Robbie. During their flight, a pack of balloons appear who fly endlessly in space from hands who let them go . The appliances crash on Mars and find the baby. They meet a Christmas angel named Tinselina who was sent to mars with Viking 1. The appliances follow a group of military toasters who had just arrived to their leader Supreme Commander who is a huge refrigerator. They then learn that they are going to blow Earth up because their old owners threw them out, and Toaster tries to talk them out of it. In between the fight, Robbie is able to push a hand out of his bubble. His hand touches Supreme Commander, and the refrigerator suddenly begins to turn pink. He smiles at the child, before returning his original color. Toaster ends up between an election with Supreme Commander . After a while, we learn that Toaster wins the election and is the new Supreme Commander. The appliances go into the freezer of Supreme Commander and find the brother of Hearing Aid, who he hasn\'t seen in sixty years. When asked by Toaster why Surpreme Commander changed his mind about blowing up Earth, he says "the touch of the small boy\'s hand" reminded him that not all humans are bad. They are all about to return to earth when suddenly Hearing Aid\'s brother forgets to deactivate the rocket. The missile counts down. Toaster jumps off with Hearing Aid\'s brother and destroys the rocket. Toaster is almost left on Mars, but the others come back for him. After Toaster is on board, Tinselina gives up her clothes so they can have something organic to get back to earth. The appliances happily ride back to Earth . The appliances return to Earth just in time as the baby monitor that Ratso, their pet rat, had been restraining all night, finally wakes Rob and Christine up. One day when they are taping Robbie, Rob finds Tinselina in a garbage can and fixes her up. It is a happy ending with Robbie\'s first word is "Toaster!" and Tinselina\'s first time on a Christmas tree. It is a happy ending with the appliances having a merry Christmas with the little master.'] ['Max  is a lonely child who creates an imaginary world named Planet Drool , where all of his imagination and dreams come to life. He creates two characters, the first one being Sharkboy , a young boy who was raised by sharks after losing his father at sea. The second is Lavagirl  who can produce fire and lava, but has trouble touching objects without setting them alight. The two left Max to guard Planet Drool. In real life, Max\'s parents  have little time for him, and he is bullied by fellow schoolmate Linus . However, he does receive friendship from Marissa , the daughter of Mr. Electricidad . Linus steals Max\'s Dream Journal  and vandalizes it. The next day, a tornado rages outside the school, and moments later Sharkboy and Lavagirl appear and ask Max to come with them to Planet Drool. They reach Planet Drool via a shark-like spacecraft where Max learns that the dreamworld is turning bad, courtesy of Mr. Electric , originally the dreamworld\'s electrician but now corrupted. Sharkboy and Lavagirl save some children from an out-of-control roller coaster. Then with Max, they confront Mr. Electric who quickly drops them in a part of Planet Drool called the Dream Graveyard where some of Max\'s dreams have been dumped. They find Tobor , a robot toy that was never finished being built by Max, but offers them a lift to other parts of the planet. Whilst on the journey, the three form a friendship but they face hardships, such as Sharkboy\'s anger for the oceans being frozen over, and Lavagirl\'s desperation to find her true purpose on Planet Drool. They are pursued by Mr. Electric and his "plughounds" across the planet. They plan to visit the Ice Princess and obtain the Crystal Heart, which can freeze time, giving them enough time to get to the center of Planet Drool and fix the dreamworld using Max\'s daydreaming. However, they are captured by Mr. Electric and delivered to Linus\'s Planet Drool incarnation Minus, who has altered the dreamworld with Max\'s own Dream Journal and traps the three in a cage. Sharkboy gets annoyed and has a shark frenzy, destroying the cage. Max retrieves the Dream Journal from Minus while he is sleeping, after the three escape. Max informs Sharkboy that his father is alive in his book, but when Lavagirl wishes to find out what it says about her, she burns the book to ash. In her rage, Lavagirl confronts Max and asks him why she was made out of lava, but is calmed by Sharkboy. With little time left, Max, Sharkboy and Lavagirl reach the Ice Princess  after an encounter with the Ice Guardian . She hands over the Crystal Heart, but they find they are too late to stop the corruption. Mr. Electric fools Sharkboy into jumping into water filled with electric eels, seemingly killing him. Lavagirl jumps into the water to retrieve Sharkboy but dies moments later. Tobor\'s head appears and convinces Max to dream a better and unselfish dream, which in turn revives Sharkboy, who then races Lavagirl to a volcano where she is revived. Max witnesses her revival and concludes that her purpose is as a light against the dark clouds which have slowly engulfed Planet Drool\'s skies. Max gains reality warping as the Daydreamer and battles Minus, defeating him, and offering to make a better dreamworld between the two of them, which Minus agrees to. Mr. Electric refuses to accept the new dreamworld, and flies off to Earth to kill Max while he is dreaming. Max awakens back in his classroom in the middle of the storm. Mr. Electric materializes before Max and an astonished Mr. Electricidad. Max\'s parents are caught in the storm, but are saved by Sharkboy and Lavagirl. Max gives the Crystal Heart to Marissa, allowing her to gain the Ice Princess\' powers, which she uses to freeze and destroy Mr. Electric. Mr. Electricidad, Linus and Max all make peace with one another, and Max is reunited with his parents. In the end, Max informs his class that Planet Drool became a proper dreamworld again, Sharkboy became the King of the Ocean, and Lavagirl became Queen of the Volcanoes  and Max is shown building Tobor with his parents and Tobor finally working. At the very end, it also seems that Sharkboy and Lavagirl began a romantic relationship.'] ['Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga , and the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent . Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Tsarevich Ivan Romanov . However, Ivan\'s advisor, Ludmilla , finds Bartok annoying and naive, and she tries to make a cossack stop his performance. After Bartok\'s show, a bear suddenly attacks. Bartok saves everyone by stunning the bear, knocking it over, and trapping it in a wagon. Delighted with Bartok\'s bravery, everyone around him rewards him with gold, including Prince Ivan, who gives him a royal ring, much to the displeasure of Ludmilla, who reminds him that the ring is only for members of the Romanov family, not commoners. She asks that he take the ring back, but Ivan disagrees, saying it is time for a change. Ludmilla, seeing that she cannot dissuade him, reluctantly allows it and they leave. Ludmilla is still upset that Ivan has given a ring to a commoner, especially a street performer. Ivan retorts that that was his intention, and Ivan\'s friend Vol  agrees that Bartok was funny. Ludmilla, on the other hand, believes that Ivan needs to respect his duty to the crown, which incites Ivan, who is tired of listening to her, to say that he will do as he pleases and it is she who must respect the crown. Meanwhile, Bartok is counting the money he received when the bear wakes up and scares him. It turns out Bartok\'s amazing rescue was just another act - the bear is Zozi , Bartok\'s business partner. Zozi is apprehensive about Ivan\'s ring and agrees with Ludmilla, that the ring should be returned. Bartok stubbornly refuses to give it back since it was a gift. Back in Moscow, Ivan is kidnapped by Baba Yaga, which leads to an immediate investigation. Ludmilla finds one of Baba Yaga\'s iron teeth, and she informs the people what has transpired. When she asks for someone brave enough to rescue Prince Ivan, two children  nominate Bartok. Bartok and Zozi are on their way to St. Petersburg when Zozi spots the Cossacks coming after them. The pair become worried because they assume that Ludmilla wants Ivan\'s ring returned. Bartok tries to conceal his identity, but he is brought before the people, who explain that Ivan has been taken by Baba Yaga, and that they are relying on him to rescue their prince. Bartok reluctantly accepts, and he and Zozi head to the Iron Forest to confront Baba Yaga and save Prince Ivan. They find Baba Yaga\'s hut, but must answer a riddle given by a giant skull  to enter. When the riddle is answered, Baba Yaga successfully captures Bartok and explains that to save Ivan, Bartok must gather three items from the forest without any help from Zozi, or they\'ll "both die": Piloff, Oblie\'s Crown, and the Magic Feather. However, these tasks are very hard, for Piloff  is frozen to a boulder, Oble , a giant blacksmith surrounded by an aura of fire, must be tricked into letting his crown to be stolen, and the magic feather must be caught without flight, using only the boulder Piloff was stuck to and Oblie\'s crown. He gathers the objects demanded, but Baba Yaga still needs something from Bartok himself. He offers everything he can think of, but Baba Yaga rejects everything and bursts out laughing. Bartok, outraged, begins to yell, and he upsets Baba Yaga by accusing her of lying and cheating, and claiming that everyone hates her. After he apologizes to her, he starts crying and Baba gets the most important ingredient: tears which are from Bartok\'s heart. She makes a magic potion from the items she had Bartok collect and reveals that she never took Prince Ivan and that the potion she made was meant for Bartok himself. Baba Yaga explains that when Bartok drinks the potion, whatever he is in his heart will show ten times in his exterior. Bartok and Zozi return to town and lead Ludmilla and Vol up to the top of the tower where Ivan is imprisoned. However, when they arrive, Ludmilla locks Bartok and Vol up with Ivan and reveals she had Vol kidnap the prince  while she framed Baba Yaga as part of her scheme to take the Russian throne. She steals Bartok\'s magic potion and leaves Bartok, Ivan, and Vol trapped in a well tower filling up with water. She drinks it, believing her beauty will become tenfold, singing "The Real Ludmilla Comes Out" as she descends the tower. Unbeknownst to her, the potion causes her to steadily transform into an enormous dragon. Upon this discovery, the incensed woman goes on a rampage through Moscow, setting many buildings alight with her fire breath. Zozi then comes to the rescue, saving Bartok, Vol, and the Prince. Bartok battles Ludmilla and tricks her into climbing the tower. When it gets to the top, the tower starts to become unstable and causes the top of the tower to fall, flooding the streets and dousing the flames. As the townspeople gather around Ludmilla\'s dead body, Zozi reveals that Bartok is a true hero not only because he stopped Ludmilla but because he showed Baba Yaga compassion. Bartok returns Ivan\'s ring and Baba Yaga appears, writing "Bartok, The Magnificent" in the sky. Bartok gives Baba Yaga a goodbye hug as she and Pillof depart.'] ['At the start of the film the narrator, Danny  introduces the viewer to his friends. We see the children playing while, back at Danny\'s house, a tea party is being prepared for them. As the farmer opens a gate and drives his tractor through the field where the children are playing, Kim jumps up onto the trailer part, pretending the tractor is a train and shooting at it, while her friends are following behind. The tractor makes a turn, and she falls off and is run over, and the camera focuses on the horrified expressions of the other children, followed by close-ups of a large pool of blood on the ground and a broken toy gun. We then see the class teacher back at the children\'s school, removing the name tag from the storage peg for Kim\'s coat. In the next scene, the children are playing in the fields again as their parents prepare to go to the tea party. The boys want to play Football but the game changes to kick the can instead. While hiding from Danny, Tom walks along the top of the fence surrounding the slurry pit, but falls in. As he calls out for his friends, he is shown to slowly sink into the slurry and drown. We see that the children at the village school have been given a day off because of his death, and the class teacher is shown removing the books and toys from Tom\'s desk. Back at Danny\'s house, the table is being set for the children\'s party, and the children are again playing at being cavalry and later "Apaches." When the game finishes, the children wander into an equipment shed, and Danny picks up a bottle of chemicals, suggesting they "celebrate our victories by drinking the white man\'s fire water."  The contents are poured into a mug but the more cautious Michael points out that they don\'t know if this would be dangerous to drink. The children discuss whether or not the contents might be poisonous, and pass the mug around to sniff. They agree to mime-drink it just in case. Sharon takes the mug and accidentally swallows some of the liquid ; she spits it out and seems to be fine, but as the children go home, she is seen coughing and looks unwell. Later that night, Sharon is heard screaming for her mother; the next shot is of her parents clearing out what had been their daughter\'s bedroom, with a close up of the now empty bed. Danny comments that he does not understand why grown-ups drink. His parents pour whiskey from a bottle that looks exactly like the one Sharon drank from, showing how easy it would be for a child to mistake them. Later, the remaining children are again playing in the fields, and one of them narrowly avoids being run over by a tractor like the first victim. They are chasing each other, pretending to be characters from the television series Starsky and Hutch, when Michael accidentally dislodges a heavy iron gate and Robert is crushed beneath it. The camera focuses on the shocked expressions of the other two children as they watch the lifeless body, blood streaming from the ear, as more people arrive for the party. There are now only two children left, and Danny decides to go off on his own and look for more kids to play with him and Michael. He walks through the cemetery where his friends are buried, and meets some farmworkers at the top of the hill going for their break. He asks if he can sit on the tractor, and the driver says yes - but to be careful. In voiceover, Danny as "Geronimo" states that there will always be hope for the Apaches as long as one of them is left alive. He plays behind the wheel pretending to be driving a racing car but accidentally releases the handbrake, and it careers down the slope as the farmer rushes to help him. The exterior of the tractor is shown as the camera focuses on the body of Danny in the tractor . His parents are then shown in his empty bedroom, the mother sits miserably in the room shaken by the events. There are funeral scenes of Danny\'s coffin being buried as the vicar commits him to the ground, before the mourners move on to the wake. Danny, whom we now know to be dead, talks calmly about his family all arriving for the "party" being prepared earlier in the film. Michael, also present, is revealed to be Danny\'s cousin - the only child not to have been killed by his own reckless behaviour, despite Danny having described Michael as "daft". Danny\'s voice fades into a ghostly echo as he sadly says he wishes he could have gone to the party. Closing credits show a long list of real children who had died in actual farm accidents in the year before the film was made.'] ['In an attempt to bring a higher level of class and sophistication to VeggieTales, Archibald Asparagus requests and receives permission to run the show. The countertop is then modified with a faux fireplace and wing chair  and Archibald introduces the first segment. This segment was intended to be a VeggieTales production of the Shakespearean play Hamlet with the help of Phillipe and Jean-Claude, The French Peas. In the story, Omelet, played by Jimmy Gourd, is a prince of a kingdom in Denmark who desires some eggs "cooked light and fluffy" to eat. A baker brings them to him and informs Omelet that these are the last eggs in the kingdom. Regardless, Omelet feels happy about eating the eggs until Ophelia  asks him to instead share the eggs with the kingdom. However Omelet selfishly refuses. Later, Omelet joins a game of Battleship with a villager and is encouraged by him to share the eggs. As Omelet announces his plan to share, he learns that the town has plenty of eggs  and has light-and-fluffy eggs, or "omelettes", cooked for everybody. The segment ends with Larry and Junior in the audience bewildered by the antiquated English. Following this segment is the introduction to the usual "Silly Songs with Larry". Archibald intervenes and changes the segment to "Classy Songs with Larry". Opening with a bus stop scene similar to Forrest Gump and sung to the tune of Funiculi Funicula, Larry tells a growing group of bystanders ]] about his "high silk hat" and box of chocolates, while trying to keep his hat from being ruined or his chocolates from melting in the hot sun. Eventually Apollo Gourd comes and sits on Larry\'s hat and chocolate, much to his dismay. Finally, Archibald presents the "long lost musical of Gilbert and Sullivan," provided by The French Peas, entitled Lyle the Kindly Viking. In this segment, Junior Asparagus is a young boy named Lyle who quietly lives on an island with his fellow Vikings. As the Vikings return to the island with loot pillaged from a nearby monastery, Lyle slips out on his own ship and gives the monks his minuscule share of loot  as a small act of recompensation. One day, Lyle\'s trips are discovered by fellow Vikings Sven and Otar , who confront him, but Lyle convinces them that sharing is a much nicer alternative to pillaging and plundering. The next day, Lyle is discovered by the Viking leader Olaf , who unfortunately does not agree with Lyle\'s beliefs. When a great storm capsizes the Viking ships, the Monks manage to rescue Lyle. Lyle then convinces the Monks to save the rest of the doomed Vikings. This show of kindness convinces the Vikings to turn over a new leaf and share what they have rather than looting and pillaging from others. In the closing countertop sequence, Archibald discovers that his story was NOT written by Gilbert and Sullivan, as he had been told. Angry at being duped, Archibald chases the Peas off and the scene falls into chaos.'] ["Just Like the Son tells the story of Daniel Carter, a 20 year-old delinquent who unknowingly finds redemption by helping a six-year old child, Boone, find a better life. After being sentenced to community service at a lower east-side grade school, Daniel strikes up an unlikely friendship with Boone, who shares his fear of becoming an orphan due to his mother's illness. When Daniel learns that Boone has an older sister living in Dallas, he begins to question the state system that would place a child in foster care rather than engaging in a search for a next-of-kin. Several days later, when Boone does not show up for school, Daniel decides to make it his business to track the boy down and right the societal crime he sees unfolding. After locating Boone in a temporary foster care facility in upstate New York, Daniel is turned down as an adoption candidate. And when he fails to convince his Father to help him gain custody, Daniel decides to rescue Boone from the orphanage and seek out this long-lost sister on his own. Employing all his street smarts, Daniel grabs Boone and they head off to Dallas."] ["A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah Girls go to a Manhattan high school for the performing arts and try to become the first freshmen to win the talent show in the school's history. During the talent show auditions, they meet a big-time producer named Jackal Johnson, who tries to make the group into superstars, but the girls run into many problems. Galleria becomes a full-time snob and forgets her friends, Dorinda has to choose between her friends or the dance club and other things that could break the Cheetah Girls apart permanently. The group faces many tough decisions, but they all know the right way to go in the end. And they find that they have to agree to the same thing anyway to stay together also by showing loyalty to each other just as every friend should."] ['In 1607, a ship of British settlers of the Virginia Company sets sail to the "New World". On board the ship are Captain John Smith and the voyage\'s leader Governor Ratcliffe, who believes the local Native Americans are hiding a vast collection of gold and seeks to gain it for his own. The ship gets caught in a storm, and Smith saves a young, inexperienced man named Thomas from drowning, Smith later admitting his lack of interest for the "New World". In the local tribe in the New World, Pocahontas, daughter of Chief Powhatan, dreads being possibly wed to Kocoum, a brave warrior whom she sees as too "serious" when conflicting with her spirited personality. Chief Powhatan gives Pocahontas her mother\'s necklace as a present. Pocahontas, along with her friends, the gluttonous raccoon Meeko and hummingbird Flit, visit Grandmother Willow, a spiritual talking willow tree who alerts her to the presence of the Englishmen. Governor Ratcliffe has a fortress built in a wooded clearing, naming it James Town, and quickly has the crewmen begin digging for gold. Smith departs to explore the wilderness, and eventually encounters Pocahontas. They quickly bond, fascinated by each other\'s worlds. The two end up falling in love, countermanding Chief Powhatan\'s orders to keep away from the Englishmen after Kocoum and other warriors engage them in a fight. Meanwhile, Meeko meets Percy, Ratcliffe\'s spoilt dog, and becomes the bane of his existence. Pocahontas introduces Smith to Grandmother Willow and avoids two other crewmen; however, Pocahontas\' friend Nakoma discovers her relationship with Smith and warns Kocoum. Thomas also follows Smith, and both he and Kocoum witness the two kissing. In a jealous rage, Kocoum attacks and tries to kill Smith but is himself killed by Thomas. An enraged Chief Powhatan declares war on the crewmen, and Smith is to be executed at sunrise. Thomas warns the crewmen of Smith\'s capture, and Ratcliffe rallies the men to battle as an excuse to remove the tribe and find their non-existent gold. Pocahontas goes to Grandmother Willow, but Meeko hands her a compass which points her in the direction of Smith, leading to her destiny. She successfully stops Smith\'s execution, but Ratcliffe tries to shoot Chief Powhatan in anger with Smith taking the bullet. The governor is captured and arrested by the crewmen. In the end, Smith is forced to return home to get treatment, with Pocahontas and Chief Powhatan\'s blessing to return in the future.'] ["Jim Hawkins  is a young orphan living with his friends Gonzo and Rizzo at the Admiral Benbow inn in England. Dreaming of sea voyages, Jim only has the tales of Billy Bones  to help, Bones telling Jim and the inn patrons of Captain Flint , his old captain, burying his treasure on a remote island and killing all of his crew, and that no one knows the whereabouts of the map. One night, Blind Pew, a fellow pirate, arrives and gives Bones the black spot. Bones dies of a heart attack but reveals to Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo he had the map all along beforehand. Blind Pew returns with an army of pirates, but the boys escape with the map. Going to a harbour town, the boys meet the half-wit son of Squire Trelawney  who decides to fund a voyage to find Treasure Island and Flint's fortune. Accompanied by Dr. Livesey  and his assistant Beaker, the boys and Trelawney hire the Hispaniola, commanded by Captain Abraham Smollett  and his overly strict first mate Mr. Arrow . The boys meet the cook Long John Silver , a one-legged man who Bones warned the boys about before dying. The ship sets sail, but Smollett is concerned by the pirate-like crew, learning they were hired on Silver's suggestion. Jim and Silver bond, but Gonzo and Rizzo are captured by the pirates Polly Lobster, Mad Monty and Clueless Morgan who demand they surrender the map but Mr. Arrow catches them in the act and imprisons them in the brig. Smollett locks the map in his safe upon ordering Jim to give him the map for safekeeping. Eventually it becomes apparent that Silver is leader of the pirates and plots a mutiny, fooling Mr. Arrow into leaving the ship to test a lifeboat for safety precautions, and faking his death. Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo learn of Silver's plan and inform Smollett. Smollett planned to leave Long John Silver and those involved on Treasure Island. However, Silver captures Jim upon arrival at Treasure Island  with the other pirates stealing the map from Smollett's safe. Smollett, Gonzo and Rizzo go to save Jim but are captured by the local tribe of native pigs ruled over by Benjamina Gunn , Smollett's ex-fiance who he left at the altar. Jim, Silver and the pirates find the hiding place of Flint's treasure only to find the treasure missing, Silver sending Jim away as a fight breaks out among the pirates. The pirates come across Smollett and Benjamina. Smollett is then suspended from a cliff until Benjamina tells Silver the treasure is hidden in her home, but when Benjamina spits out a kiss from Silver, he leaves the two to dangle, allowing the pair to fall in love again. Jim, Gonzo and Rizzo find Mr. Arrow who aids them sneaking on board the ship and scaring off the pirates still onboard by posing as his ghost and freeing Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and Beaker, before the figureheads of the Hispaniola  save Smollett and Benjamina . A battle breaks out between the heroes and the pirates where Sweetums defects to Smollett's side by taking out some of the pirates. Smollett then fights Silver in a sword battle but loses. Jim and the others rally to their captain's aid, Silver surrendering honourably. All the pirates are stuffed into the brig but Silver escapes using Mr. Arrow's keys. Jim catches him in the act, but allows Silver to leave for the sake of their friendship. However, Mr. Arrow informs Jim and Smollett that the longboat Silver took was damaged, forcing Silver to abandon ship and swim to Treasure Island. The crew of the Hispaniola sail off into the sunset while some scuba-diving rats discover the treasure. During the credits, it is shown that Silver is marooned on the island with only a wisecracking Moai head for company as the Moai tells him a joke."] ['At the behest of their teacher, fourth grade schoolchildren in a small Croatian village found an old-style Slavic Zadruga and organize a field trip to Zagreb. On their way back, their teacher gets ill and must stay in a hospital. As the children travel back on their own, the train gets blocked by a snowdrift. With the help of the children, the railroad workers manage to clear the way.'] ['Security guards Chuck  and Bobby play a game of Red light/Green light while being night watchmen for Howard County Bank and Trust and are obsessed with elaborate schemes of would-be thieves. They hear a sound coming from a floor polisher that Ernest is trying to turn on for operation - he works as a night custodian at the bank - and dreams that he would be a clerk, but he ends up making a mess in the bank and he becomes magnetic from a mishap with the floor polisher. The next day, bank president Oscar Pendlesmythe\'s assistant, Charlotte Sparrow  requires him to clean up his supernatural mess. Pendlesmythe wants to terminate Ernest\'s employment at the bank, but Charlotte has a soft heart for misfits and stray dogs, so she argues on his behalf. Ernest takes a bath at home in a tumble dry washing machine and uses a blow-dryer with a wind-tunnel force for his evening dinner with Charlotte in a restaurant. He later receives in the mail a summons to jury duty in court and tells the two watchmen about it. During the trial Dracup Maximum Security Prison convict Rubin Bartlett notices that Ernest is the spitting image of death-row inmate Felix Nash. Rubin\'s lawyer convinces the jury to tour the prison, where Ernest is kidnapped by Nash and another inmate named Lyle and forced to swap roles with Nash. Even though he tries to tell the guards he is not Nash, they refuse to believe him. Ernest also does not know that he has a death sentence which is for Nash. While having lunch, a guard tells them to stand up and be quiet, when he notices Ernest is making a lot of noise, which almost sends him into the cell. Ernest tries a first attempt to tell one of the prison guards that he is Ernest, not Nash, but the guard calls him "Mr. Funny Man"  and angrily says that he is not funny and is lying and throws him into the cell right in front of a cell mate who pushes him back while the first attempt fails. When he pushes him near the prison bars, he tells a prison guard that he was beaten up . A prison guard tells Ernest that he will be sent to the hole, which makes Ernest realize he is in jail. He has various misadventures in prison  until he is sent to the electric chair by the prison warden ([[Charles Napier . The electrocution fails, and he is transformed into a type of superhuman, with the ability to shoot lightning bolts from his hands, which shock various other jail members. Ernest escapes from the prison and makes his way home, only to discover that his Pee-wee Herman-like décor has been replaced by a slick Lounge Lizard style of decorating. He exclaims, "I\'ve been vandalized - by Elvis!" Ernest then goes to the bank, in his old clothes, only to find that Nash has assumed his identity and is in the process of robbing the bank and during the ensuing battle between the two of them he gets electrocuted yet again when Nash throws him against a cage that the bank had rigged to drop from the ceiling to catch robbers. Now Ernest has become Polarized and gained the ability to fly. He uses his super powers to fly through the skylight of the bank with a bomb that Nash had attached to the vault and two bank employees, which leads to a spectacular mid-air explosion. Everyone especially Chuck assumes that Ernest has been killed, until he falls through the skylight and lands on Nash. Ernest tiredly declares, "I came, I saw, I got blowed up."'] ['The tree that the chipmunks Alvin , Simon , and Theodore  live in is cut down and driven to Los Angeles. Once in L.A., the Chipmunks meet struggling songwriter David Seville ([[Jason Lee  who had his latest song rejected by JETT Records executive Ian Hawke , his old college roommate. Dave also once had a relationship with his next door neighbor, Claire Wilson . Dave also a former boss, Gail . After winding up at Dave\'s interview, the Chipmunks hop into his basket and follow him home. Once at home, Dave discovers the Chipmunks, and is accidentally knocked unconscious. Upon waking, he kicks them out until hearing them sing "Only You". Dave then makes a deal with them; they sing the songs he writes, and in exchange he provides food and shelter for them. However, all does not go well, as Dave\'s job presentation is ruined by their coloring on it, and when Alvin tries to set the mood for his dinner with Claire, things become weird and she rejects him after he tells her, "My life is being sabotaged by talking chipmunks." To make it up to Dave, the boys go to Ian in an attempt to record a song and get a record deal. Once the Chipmunks sing Dave\'s song to Ian, Ian signs them to the label and rehires Dave the next day. After a few singles, the Chipmunks become wildly popular. When Dave expresses concern for their well-being and insists that the Chipmunks are "kids" who don\'t need so much craziness in their lives, Ian convinces the Chipmunks that Dave is holding them back. After a misunderstanding with Dave, they go live with "Uncle Ian". They become enchanted with Ian at first, but once they set off on a coast-to-coast tour, Ian takes advantage of their naivete, changing their image and working them constantly. Meanwhile, Dave misses the chipmunks and he wishes they would come back home. He calls Ian to see if he can talk to them but Ian refuses, and then conceals Dave\'s motives from the boys. Later, the Chipmunks are wearing out, and it is all over the news. Dave, infuriated by what Ian has done to the three, decides to take matters into his own hands by infiltrating their concert. Just before the big concert, a doctor says that the Chipmunks are unable to sing due to exhaustion. Ian refuses to hand out refunds and advises the Chipmunks to lip sync. With Claire\'s help, Dave sneaks into the concert, but is grabbed by the security guards. When the Chipmunks see Dave being taken away, they realize that they\'ve been tricked, decide that they have had enough of Ian, revealing that they were lip-syncing and ruin the concert. Ian catches them just when Dave is about to rescue them. He locks them up in a cage and prepares to take them to Paris. Dave tries to convince Ian to let the boys go but Ian refuses. Ian then leaves in his limo with the boys and Dave chases them but the boys have already escaped to Dave\'s car. Dave immediately pulls over and admits that he loves them like his own family. Meanwhile, Ian looks in the cage and is shocked to see the boys have replaced themselves with merchandising dolls. Sometime later, when the boys are fully accepted as part of the family, they invite Claire over for dinner again. Alvin accidentally creates a short circuit while having difficulty opening a bottle of champagne. Dave is trying not to say it, but the short circuit causes a blackout in the kitchen. Dave can hold it in no longer and says it, letting out his trademark yell "ALLLLVINNN!!", to which Alvin responds with "Okay!". In the film\'s epilogue, Ian  tries to make three squirrels sing, but fails.'] ["T'Challa, the Prince of Wakanda, returns home to find his kingdom is being attacked by the alien Chitauri. Herr Kleiser, the alien shape-shifter who battled Captain America during World War II, kills T' Challa's father and seeks Wakanda's store of vibranium, the metal the Chitauri use to manufacture their ships and weapons. After becoming king and assuming the alias of the Black Panther, T' Challa seeks out Captain America. General Nick Fury of S.H.I.E.L.D. orders the Avengers to assemble, with the exception of Thor (who foresees a future in which the Avengers die in battle, which his father [[Odin  and the Hulk,who, as Bruce Banner, is interrogated and bullied in a cell. Despite mistakenly being attacked by Wakandan soldiers, injuring Wasp  and causing Captain America's shield to be stolen, the team rallies and, together with Thor, battle the Chitauri. Banner then deduces that gamma rays weakens vibranium and sends Betty to Wakanda with a gamma-ray projector. During an invasion of Earth Wasp recovers and Bruce Banner presumably dies from overmedication. While the team battles the mothership hanging over Wakanda, Captain America and Black Panther attempt to kill Kleiser, whose regenerative powers prove too strong. Instead, they drown him in liquid vibranium. Giant Man and Iron Man use the gamma-ray projector on the mothership core and send it crashing to earth. Giant Man is mortally wounded and dies in Wasp's arms. Iron Man, near death, is revived by Thor's summoning of lightning, confirming that he is the Norse deity. The Avengers hold a celebration in tribute to Giant Man and it is revealed that Banner survived by transforming into the Hulk at the last moment and he leaves. The film ends with Captain America and Black Widow resuming their relationship and sharing a passionate kiss."] ["Helen Hixon is a girl who just moved into a new town with her parents, Honey and Lubbock. When Helen first comes to her new house, she finds a girl tied up in her foyer. The girl introduced herself as Marie Meir, and then told the Hixons that her dog had been stolen by a bully named Dirk. After stealing her dog, Marie had confronted Dirk, and he tied her up in the house. Helen and Marie take a liking for each other and become friends. They decide to go after Dirk to rescue Marie's poodle. They find out that Marie's dog is not the only one missing, and pretty soon, Helen's dog Rufus gets stolen by Dirk too! These girls become more desperate to find their dogs, and fast."] ['Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie\'s old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel\'s Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane\'s jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn\'s theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie\'s collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted "kid": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don\'t love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy\'s objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie\'s collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red\'s place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz\'s prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David\'s family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother\'s love, and he calls her "Mom". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha\'s delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple.'] ["Eleven-year-old orphan Annie  was left at a girls' orphanage when she was a baby with half a locket shaped like a heart with a key hole and a note from her parents saying they'll come back for her. The orphanage is run by the tyrannical Miss Hannigan  who starves the orphans and makes them suffer. Tired of waiting for her parents, Annie tries to escape to find them, but is caught by Miss Hannigan. She finally succeeds in running away, and makes friends with a dog, who she names Sandy. But a policeman catches her and brings her back. When billionaire Oliver Warbucks  decides to take in an orphan for Christmas, his secretary, Grace Farrell , chooses Annie. She is brought to his wealthy estate and bathes in a grand life. Although at first uncomfortable with Annie, Warbucks is soon charmed by her. He wants to adopt her, but she still wants to find her real parents, so she announces on the radio a $50,000 reward for anybody who can prove they're her parents. The orphans accidentally tell Miss Hannigan, and her crooked brother Rooster , and his dimwitted girlfriend Lily St. Regis  cook up a scheme to get the reward by posing as Ralph and Shirley Mudge .{{cite web}} Lily is left with the orphans after Miss Hannigan and Rooster leave, but Lily accidentally tells the secret. The orphans make her tell them what is going on, and she realizes that Rooster could leave her hanging as he has done before. She and the orphans come to Warbucks' mansion and they are soon found out when President Franklin D. Roosevelt  arrives with his Secret Service and evidence that Annie's parents are really David and Margaret Bennett and had in fact died several years earlier which was why they never returned for her. Rooster and Lily are arrested by the Secret Service, Miss Hannigan goes insane and is sent to an asylum, Warbucks and Grace become engaged, and Annie lives happily with her new parents."] ["An aspiring young wannabe actor Raja  from a village get into a fast city which is full of crooks and drug dealers. As he searching for a place in the dream factory, he falls for the daughter of the house owner. Charmed by his looks and character, the girl  also falls for him. One day he accidentally meet his childhood friend Raghu  who is a spoiled rich guy. He offers Raja an acting job, then takes him to his uncle's house. Raja is to be in charge of the administration of the household and take care of five children  each of whom have issues . Raja finds out that Raghu is cheating his uncle out of funds and using him to do the same. How he tackles these problems and helps the children become better is the rest of the movie."] ['Cody ([[Trevor Morgan , his sister Abby , their best friend Marcella , and their baby brother Fig are dropped off by their parents for a visit at their grandparents\' farm. Cody gets hit in his face by a basketball by accident while Abby and Marcella laugh and rub a Barney doll in his face. Cody loses his patience and starts a game of "keep-away" by taking the Barney doll and runs off with it. The two girls go after Cody. He then hides the Barney doll in the shower in the bathroom and the girls catch up with him. Cody tells them to use their imagination and laughs when he thinks that it is not working. However, the doll comes to life and turns into Barney the purple dinosaur. Cody refuses to believe in Barney at first, claiming that imagination is just for kids and that "real dinosaurs don\'t talk and real dinosaurs don\'t laugh." That night, Cody wishes for a real adventure for that summer, and to do something no one has done before. A shooting star deposits a large colorful egg in the barn which is discovered by Cody in the morning. Barney and the kids go to tell the grandparents about this, but Barney is distracted by Fig\'s crying. Grandma suggests to Abby and Marcella that they go see Mrs. Goldfinch. Cody finds Barney who has just changed Fig\'s wet diaper and takes him to see his grandparents. However, Abby and Marcella take Cody and Barney to see Mrs. Goldfinch, who tells them that the egg is a dream maker. Cody knocks the egg off the table which lands on a birdseed truck. The adventure begins when Barney and the others try to recover it through a parade. Barney\'s friend B.J. catches it when it almost lands on the ground and breaks. Barney and the gang chase the egg throughout a French restaurant, a circus, and fly through the sky on an airplane to continue their pursuit of the egg which is in a hot air balloon. All the while, Baby Bop is looking for her yellow "blankie." B.J. and Baby Bop arrive just in time to see the egg hatch. After they return the egg to the barn, it finally hatches into a koala-like being named Twinken who shows everyone Abby\'s dream and then Barney\'s. Cody apologizes to Barney for being mean and admits that he thinks he\'s cool. Barney accepts his apology and tells Cody that he thinks he\'s cool too and the two share a hug. Twinken shows everyone a magical fireworks display which lands in Barney\'s arms. Barney begins to sing "I Love You", and everyone else sings with him. Baby Bop gets sleepy, which prompts B.J. to decide that they are ready to go home. The film ends with Barney turning back into a doll with Twinken sitting right next to him.'] ['In the beginning of this film, Leo is an adult and has just learned that his mate, Lyra, has just given birth to two cubs: Lune  and Lukio. After a grand celebration, the scene changes drastically to a bustling city where a man named Ham Egg is travelling from jeweler to jeweler to try and sell a special stone he found in the Bajalu Jungle. After being turned down at every pawn shop and jeweler he goes to, the jewelers all inform someone of Ham Egg\'s whereabouts, and soon he is hauled away in a black car by intimidating men in black suits. As it turns out, the stone that he\'s been trying to sell is really the "Moonlight Stone", a mineral that could be used as a power source and save the world from an impending energy crisis. A scientific organization led by Dr. Plus and Dr. Minus seek the help of Ham Egg to lead them to the source of the Moonlight Stone so it can be salvaged and used to help humanity. Ham Egg, however, is only interested in money, but is soon persuaded by Dr. Plus who is well aware of Ham Egg\'s illegal poaching activities. Ham Egg agrees to work for them, but demands to be put in charge of the search. Accompanying Ham Egg is Mr. Lemonade of the organization, and Dr. Moustache who is already stationed in the jungle. When they arrive in the jungle, Dr. Moustache and Mr. Lemonade are shocked by Ham Egg and his "friends" who want only destroy jungle forest land and shoot any animal they come across. Dr. Moustache constantly argues with them over being respectful to nature, as Mr. Lemonade records everything that happens in his journal. As Leo\'s son, Lune, becomes more and more curious of the human world, Leo continues to protect the animals of the jungle from whatever may threaten them, including Ham Egg\'s sinister actions, dissent amongst the animals, and a deadly disease that is affecting the animals. With his domain violated by humans in a relentless search for the Moonlight Stone, their actions bring death to the jungle and break up Leo\'s family. Leaving Leo with the heavy responsibility of bringing peace to the jungle, his family, and even the humans. Lune leaves the jungle behind, and travels by a log in the water to a nearby city. Lune is found by fishers and taken to a circus. A girl from the circus decides to take care of him, and he befriends a rat named Jack. Eventually a bird from the jungle finds Lune and tells him of how the disease is killing off many animals and she leaves with her flock. Lune is frightened by the idea that his family may be dead. Eventually there is a fire in the circus and Lune gets all the animals to help put it out. Lune, Jack and, the girl who took care of Lune bid their goodbyes and Lune sneaks onto a boat that will help him get back to Africa. In the jungle, Lyra is affected by the deadly disease and shortly dies. Although Lukio comes down with the same ailment, Dr. Moustache is able to cure her. We see near the end of the film that she gets better. However, we do not see her in the rest of the film. Leo, heartbroken by the disintegration of his family, decides to lead the humans to the center of the mountain where there are many moonlight stones. Many hunters are lost on the way, but finally they arrive. As they discover the stones, Ham Egg shoots at the trio. At the last minute, Mr. Lemonade jumps in the way and takes the bullet himself and dies. They soon discover the stones, and Ham Egg, blinded by greed, steals one of the stones and swallows it so no one else can have it, but dies shortly afterwards because the stone poisoned him. Dr. Moustache takes Leo and together they escape back down the mountain. It is then that Moustache suddenly realizes that the lion has gone blind. He rids of the stone they got because he believes it has ruined enough lives. The film ends with Lune returning from the human\'s world and Dr. Moustache taking the cub to see his father\'s pelt. Leo died on the journey by stabbing himself with Dr. Moustache\'s knife. He did this so Dr. Moustache could eat his flesh and clothe himself with Leo\'s fur so he can tell the humans what they need to know. Lune then begins nuzzling his fur. Dr. Moustache tells Lune about what his father did, "Your father was as wise as he was brave, and you should know what he did to save the world. He was the most courageous soul I\'ve ever met, a true king who gave his life to save the land." Then both of them head out into a meadow and see clouds in the shape of Leo.  A major story change made for this movie version is that while all the animals communicate with each other, they do not talk to the humans. This change is in direct opposition to Tezuka\'s stated premise behind his original Jungle Emperor story: that an inter-species society of animals must include humans as well.{{cite web}}'] ["A half-striped zebra is born into an insular, isolated herd obsessed with stripes. Rumors that the strange foal is cursed spread and, before long, he is blamed for the drought that sets into the Great Karoo. When even his father, the leader of the herd, blames him for the lack of rain and the subsequent death of his mother, the outcast zebra leaves the confines of his home knowing that he cannot survive in the herd without all his stripes. Khumba ventures beyond the fence - vulnerable to the ferocious Leopard, Phango, who controls the waterholes and terrorizes the animals in the Great Karoo. Khumba is rescued from an opportunistic wild dog by a quirky duo: a wildebeest and an ostrich. Mama V is a self-confessed free spirit who does not want to be the average stay-at-home mom, like other wildebeest. Ironically, she mothers Bradley, a flamboyant but insecure ostrich who overcompensates for his scraggily feathers. When a mystical mantis appears to the foal, drawing a map to what could be interpreted as either water or stripes, the duo join Khumba on his quest in the hope that their own search for a safe waterhole is over. On their journey, Khumba encounters a colorful range of characters including a migrating herd of Springbok in search of greener  pastures; a new age, bohemian community living safely within the confines of a luxurious national park; an endangered Riverine Rabbit who has survived extinction by mastering a myriad of skills ranging from impersonations to beat-boxing; a group of hysterical Dassies  who fanatically worship the Mighty Black Eagle and Nora, a loony, solitary Merino sheep living on an abandoned farm. Through these interactions, Khumba begins to learn that diversity is essential for survival and that one's difference can, in fact, be one's strength."] ["{{plot}} The story opens at a palace in Persia where Haman , right-hand-man of the King , is throwing the Queen out onto the street for insubordination. A search is then initiated to find a new Queen. The following day, Esther and her cousin Mordecai  are talking on the streets of Persia. Esther is asking for Mordecai's advice, but his questions reveal that Esther knows what to do but lacks the courage to follow through. He tells her that she should not be afraid to do what is right. When Haman drives up in search of eligible maidens to be the future Queen, Mordecai tries to hide because of bad blood between he and Haman. When they confront each other, while Esther is selected to go to the palace, Mordecai refuses to bow and Haman leaves vowing revenge. At the palace, the King and Haman audition the girls and when Esther takes the stage and sings, the King chooses her. Although Esther does not wish to be the Queen, nonetheless she is crowned and ensconced in her new life. One day in the throne room of the Persian place, the King is visited by a pea , who has brought a large cake to honor the newlyweds. Although unannounced visitors are not permitted, the King allows them to enter. While the pea tries to convince the King to closely examine the cake, another pea  holding a rope which suspends a piano above the cake. Mordecai, who is hiding in a corner to avoid Haman, observes the plot and informs Esther who then warns the King and the piano crashes harmlessly onto the cake. The King thanks her for saving his life, but she indicates Mordecai, saying that the credit should be his. Recognized as the Peaoni Brothers, the most wanted peas in Persia, the pair is banished to the Island of Perpetual Tickling, escorted by the Grim Tickler. With the Peaoni Brothers banished, the King believes he is safe, but Haman convinces him that a greater threat awaits. There is a family that cannot be trusted, he claims, who pose an imminent danger to the throne. Not realizing Haman is referring to Mordecai, the King unwittingly authorizes an edict to have that family banished to the Island of Perpetual Tickling. When Mordecai finds the edict posted in the streets, he visits Esther on her balcony at the palace and appeals to her to reveal Haman's evil plans to the King. Knowing that she need not fear to do what's right, she lacks the courage to confront the King and struggles with what to do. Twice she attempts to inform the King, and twice she fails, before finally inviting the King and Haman to a dinner. Meanwhile, Haman goes to Mordecai and asks him to bow in exchange for a pardon, but Mordecai again refuses. In retaliation, Haman threatens to have the banishment moved up to that night. The King, having had the story of the Peaoni Brothers' plot and Mordecai's rescue read to him by Markus the Scribe , decides to reward Mordecai. Asking Haman how to recognize someone who's special, Haman thinks that the King is talking about himself and convinces the King to be extravagant by letting the person be lead through the streets on the King's horse with an advisor saying great things about the honored person. The King then orders Haman to do this for Mordecai, humiliating Haman that much more. During the dinner, Esther reveals to the King that Mordecai is her cousin and that Haman has been plotting to destroy him and his family - which includes her. The King then becomes angry and banishes Haman to the Island of Perpetual Tickling. Afterwards, the King cancels Mordecai's banishment and names him as his new second in command."] ['Tourists have departed the national park where Humphrey lives, leaving trash everywhere. The lazy park ranger gets the resident bears to "put it in the bag", by singing and dancing to a lively song. The bears happily collect the trash, bouncing and jouncing until they discover the ranger\'s trick. Angrily they dump their bags of refuse on the ground. The ranger prepares some chicken cacciatore, but will not give it to the bears unless they clean up their sections of the park. All of the bears move their garbage into Humphrey\'s section. In order to get his dinner, Humphrey has to make it fast by stuffing the garbage into a bag, but it gets caught by a bush and rips apart, letting the garbage out. Then he receives a new bag and follows the garbage down the line all the way to the cliff, but falls off. Next, he attempts to conceal the garbage under a bush, but a rabbit pushes it out in disgust. Next, he tries to burn it with a match, only to be stopped by Smokey Bear!  Finally, Humphrey puts all of the trash into a hollow stump, which is actually a geyser named "Ol\' Fateful". The ranger prepares to reward Humphrey with a whole dish full of cacciatore but before Humphrey can take it, the geyser suddenly erupts, spouting garbage everywhere, resulting in Humphrey having to start all over at cleaning up the park.'] ['Casey Stuart , is a tomboy who is the quarterback of her school\'s 7th-grade football team. Since her mother died, she has been avoiding her old friends and arguing with a boy on her team. Wanting to bring her mother back to life, Casey finds a book of magic with a section on resurrecting the dead. A successful resurrection will become permanent unless it is undone before sunset on the fourth day after it begins. Following the book\'s instructions, Casey collects artifacts from her mother\'s life, including strands of hair in her hairbrush. However, the resurrection is unwittingly sabotaged when Drew Mitchell , a woman who works with and is romantically interested in Casey\'s father Ben , gives Casey an Eve doll. Eve is a plastic doll in the form of a beautiful young woman, manufactured by Marathon Toys. She has lots of accessories, including outfits appropriate to challenging careers such as law enforcement, medicine, and aerospace, and lives in Sunnyvale, "in the middle of America". As Casey is preparing to resurrect her mother, Drew stops by to give her the doll for her birthday and uses the hairbrush to brush the doll\'s hair. With strands from the doll remaining on the brush as Casey utters the incantation, the magic acts on the doll rather than Casey\'s mother, and Casey wakes up the next morning to find Eve in bed with her in full-size human form . Casey is upset by this, but Eve is excited about being human. Over the next few days, Eve buys clothes at the local shopping mall, uses her police training to stop a truck that almost runs Casey over, smells and eats for the first time, tries to do secretarial work, sings her theme song, and almost sets the Stuarts\'s kitchen on fire. She also helps Casey cope with the loss of her mother. Meanwhile, Casey discovers that she needs the second volume of the magic book to reverse Eve\'s spell. During this time, tension builds between Casey and her father, who has been missing her football games while trying to secure a promotion in his law firm. The tension is further increased by Ben\'s attraction to Eve, which Casey resents as a betrayal of her mother. As the film proceeds, Casey and Eve gradually make friends. Eve displays insight and sensitivity in talking with Casey about her mother, and she helps Casey with her self-confidence. In exchange, Casey gives Eve tips on how to be a popular doll and a good role model. By the time the magic book arrives at the local bookstore, Casey has decided she likes Eve. Unfortunately, Eve has been getting homesick. Discouraged by her difficulties in being human and worried about being discontinued by Marathon, Eve decides to undo the spell herself. After buying the book and saying good-bye to Ben at Casey\'s championship game, she goes to Sunnyvale, a specially decorated room at Marathon headquarters, and recites the incantation. When Casey and Ben arrive, she tearfully bids them farewell and turns back into a doll. Sometime later, with the lessons learned from her experiences in the human world, she becomes a popular toy again. Casey resumes her old friendships, Ben is promoted at work, and Drew takes him to lunch. The films ends as the cast dances to Eve\'s theme song.'] ["Saint Monica is the story of a young girl who is intrigued with her Roman Catholic upbringing. Monica likes to play with angel and Blessed Virgin Mary figurines the way other girls play with dolls. She sneaks out of the house to go to church. Set in Toronto's Portuguese-Canadian community, Monica lives with her mother Icelia  and lethargic uncle Albert  in a basement suite. Icelia has just gotten out of an abusive relationship and has recently moved to a new neighborhood to avoid her ex. Genevieve Buechner plays the title character, a lonely and less-than-saintly 10-year-old girl. Her uncle is in charge of watching her while her mom is at work, which is most of the time. Albert hates looking after his niece and would rather watch movies in peace. One day, Monica blackmails him into giving her a ride to her old church. She finds them in the midst of organizing their annual procession and, even though she wasn't invited, she sneaks in. When she lived in her old neighborhood she had her heart set on playing an angel in her church's parade. Unfortunately, since she moved away, she is not allowed to participate anymore. Left without a place in the procession, the distraught girl steals a pair of archangel wings from the church's costume department as compensation--only to lose them on the streetcar home. A little searching reveals them to have landed in the hands of a homeless woman named Mary ; Mary is also obsessed with collecting religious artifacts. She spends her time reciting Hail Marys and challenging her faith in a God by crossing busy lanes of traffic while clad in the wings. Mary's importance to Monica is obvious as she is the one who has the young girl's wings. After they form a bond that goes beyond friendship, it's a certainty that she's also a mentor. With Mary in the picture, Monica is better in touch with herself but she's also getting into more trouble. The rest of the movie concerns the girl's lies to cover up her deeds, her attempts to recover the wings in time to return them, and her unique relationship with Mary."] ["The movie begins at a grocery store where a box of free puppies is outside . There are 6 puppies in the box, five black puppies and the golden puppy. Soon children come and four black puppies are taken to a home. Soon only two puppies are left in the box then a little boy and his mother come and take the black puppy. Only the golden puppy is left in the box and on that raining night he escapes to the streets. A year later the dog called Tycho is eluding animal control. Eventually he is caught and taken to the pound. Calvin Wheeler  is a popular boy at school who collects comic books in his spare time. Calvin's best friend is Raymond Figg , who prefers to be called Figg. He saved Figg's life in the second grade when Figg had an Asthma attack, and Figg, very devoted, manages his schedule and occasionally does his homework. Gotham Man is the name of Calvin's favorite comic. His collection is complete, except for one issue that is ever-so-rare, the first one, which is worth $3,000. When a show-dog runs after Calvin while skateboarding, he finds out that when one wins a dog show, they earn major cash. The cash prize is $5,000 which Calvin needs to buy the first issue of Gotham Man. Calvin goes to a dog rescue shelter and adopts a dog named Tycho. A girl and a volunteer at a run down animal shelter, Emily Watson , believes that this had to be another one of the crazy schemes or plans that Calvin has in mind. So she interviews Calvin and judges him a good owner for Tycho, and she says yes when Calvin asks her to the upcoming school dance, until she realizes that he's entering Tyco in a dog show. But there is someone else who wants to make sure Calvin and Tycho lose and that is Preston Price , a stuck-up rich boy whom he and his dog have won two of the past dog shows. Preston hires people to beat Calvin up and later to pretend that they are Tycho's real family, but when the three main characters realize that this is not Tycho's family Figg and Calvin come up with a plan. He convinces Figg to pretend he is selling magazines and to fake an asthma attack. When this happens, Calvin runs into the basement and rescues Tycho while Figg is still acting. Emily forgives Calvin. This is the day of the dog show and they decide to go. Calvin's dad drives them there. Of course they are not prepared so they come up with a last minute routine of Tycho pulling Calvin on his skateboard. They beat Preston by one point. Along with using that money to buy a comic book he uses the money for good. He gives the money to the shelter so that the dogs can have better homes. In the end, the shelter is saved, and Figg, along with many other people, adopt a new pet. Although Calvin wins the Royal Hound Dog show the methods he uses are quite unrealistic."] [" Sir Topham Hatt, normally in charge of the railways on Sodor, is on holiday and has left Mr. Conductor in charge. Meanwhile, Thomas and Gordon encounter an evil diesel locomotive, Diesel 10, stating that he has unfinished business on Sodor. He is planning to get rid of steam engines on Sodor once and for all. Mr. Conductor has problems of his own. The mysterious gold dust that allows him to magically transport from place to place is running out, and without it there will be no way for anyone to travel from Shining Time to Sodor or back again. There is a lost engine that is able to travel between Sodor and Muffle Mountain using the Magic Railroad, but nobody knows where she is. Burnett Stone, an elderly man, lives on Muffle Mountain, near Shining Time Station, in which Stacy Jones was the manager. Unknown to everyone, he is the guardian of the lost engine, whose name is Lady. The engine crashed after an earlier encounter with Diesel 10, and ever since then Burnett has been trying to repair Lady. Even though he seems to have gotten the little engine restored mechanically, so far he has been unable to make her steam. Percy and Thomas find out that there is a secret railway and there are magic buffers that lead to it. However, Diesel 10 overhears them. Toby the Tram Engine follows D-10 and hears him telling his diesel locomotive henchmen Splatter and Dodge of his plans to destroy the steam locomotives. Diesel 10 thinks that this horrid act seems possible mainly because Mr. Conductor's whistle contains gold dust inside which he uses to travel is running out, and he is therefore becoming too weak to stop Diesel 10. Wanting to warn his friends of Diesel's plans, Toby rings his bell, distracting them. Burnett's granddaughter Lily visits him, and meets C. Junior, Mr. Conductor's good-natured but lazy cousin, who takes her to Sodor and introduces her to the talking engines who live there, including Thomas. Later, Thomas is assigned to transport Lily back to Burnett on Muffle Mountain after inadvertently discovered the entrance of the long-abandoned Magic Railroad by an old grotto. He takes his lost truck of special Island-of-Sodor coal and arrives on the other end of the Magic Railway, located at the edge of a high cliff near the top of Muffle Mountain. Lily goes to her grandfather's house, leaving Thomas stranded on the mountain. However, the ground gives way and Thomas uncouples himself from the coal-truck, falling off the cliff to the bottom of the mountain where he re-enters the Magic Railroad through another portal there. Lily reunites with Burnett at his workshop, where he shows her Lady and explains his problem getting the engine to steam. Using the Sodor coal truck, the engine eventually comes to life. Lily and Burnett take Lady along the Magic Railroad, regenerating itself in the process. Lady comments that Burnett had never forgotten about Magic. They reunite with Thomas and find their way back to Sodor, where Diesel 10 finds them and goes after them. When Thomas and Lady cross the Viaduct, it begins to collapse. Lady makes it across, and Thomas gets across a 3 foot gap in the supports. After 2 big sections fall off, Diesel 10 crosses. The suspended pieces of track can't hold him and he falls off. That sends him falling into the ravine below, where he lands in a barge filled with sludge and is carried away. Thomas, Lady, Burnett and Lily meet Mr. Conductor and C-Junior. They use the water from a wishing well and shavings from the rails of the Magic Railroad to make more gold dust, and the Island of Sodor and Shining Time Station are saved. C-Junior, encouraged by his success in being able to help out, offers to take a job on Sodor, and Mr. Conductor presents him with his conductor's cap so that C-Junior can now take over Mr. Conductor's role on Sodor, while Mr. Conductor says that he will now travel back to serve at Shining Time Station. In the end Thomas is happily going home to Tidmouth Sheds to tell the engines about his encounter with the lost engine Lady."] ["Five-thousand years ago, Pharaoh Atem killed and imprisoned Anubis after he tried to destroy the world using the forbidden Shadow Games. In the present day, Anubis' tomb is uncovered by archaeologists, complete with his most valuable treasure, the Pyramid of Light. At the same time, Yugi Mutou completes Atem's Millennium Puzzle, causing Anubis to awaken from his eternal slumber and begin his return from the dead. Sharing his body with Atem's soul under the alias of Yami Yugi, Yugi goes on to become the King of Games, the world's greatest player of the trading card game Duel Monsters, by defeating his rival Seto Kaiba and obtaining the three powerful Egyptian God cards. Desperate to defeat Yugi, Kaiba turns to Maximillion Pegasus, creator of Duel Monsters, to gain any new cards designed to defeat the God cards. Kaiba and Pegasus duel with Kaiba winning and taking two cards, although Pegasus claims he only created one. Yugi and Téa Gardner go to the local museum where Anubis' corpse and the Pyramid of Light are on display, meeting up with Yugi's Grandpa Solomon, who reads a prophecy describing a clairvoyant eye which will prevent the world's destruction if blinded. Anubis' spirit attacks the group with Yugi having a vision of the Lord of the Dead manipulating Kaiba and him a Shadow Game deathmatch. He awakens to find Anubis and the Pyramid of Light missing, and races to warn Kaiba, taken to his duel dome by Kaiba's little brother Mokuba with friends Joey Wheeler and Tristan Taylor in pursuit. Kaiba arrogantly and ignorantly forces Yami Yugi into a duel, unaware that Anubis is manipulating him into using one of the two new cards, Pyramid of Light, which covers the field in a huge replica of the actual pyramid and destroys the God Cards. Yugi, Joey and Tristan are sucked into the pyramid whilst Mokuba flees the crumbling building. Yugi, Joey and Tristan awaken within the Millennium Puzzle, finding Anubis' tomb within. The regenerating sorcerer reveals that his monsters will destroy the modern world. Yami Yugi and Kaiba continue their duel, each blow to their in-game Life Points actually draining away their physical energy. Kaiba uses the second new card, the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon, to destroy Yami's last monster and dropping his Life Points to near 0. Téa, Solomon, and Mokuba escape the collapsing dome in Pegasus' helicopter, Pegasus having figured out what is going on. Téa's soul is sent into the Millennium Puzzle to aid Yugi, Joey and Tristan. Yugi finds the Dagger of Fate within Anubis' tomb, and uses it to destroy the all-seeing eye in the tomb as per the prophecy. Anubis materializes behind Kaiba as he tries to alter the duel's path, casting him aside and taking command of the duel. Yami, reunited with Yugi, destroys the Pyramid of Light card with the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon and then uses Kaiba's planned strategy to summon the God Cards and end the duel by destroying Anubis. However, Anubis rises again as a demonic beast and transforms the Duel Monsters cards into real creatures. This proves to be his undoing when Yugi and Yami summon the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon to destroy Anubis. Kaiba departs promising to defeat Yugi, Yugi thanking Yami and his friends for their help and companionship."] ['Jimmy Roberts  is a 12-year-old boy who can\'t seem to say no to anybody, and as a result, ends up getting taken advantage of on a regular basis, even by his best friend Craig . This problem continues during his class trip to Gollyworld, where he misses out on many of the rides because Craig tells the popular kids that Jimmy will hold their items for them. The popular kids then, on Craig\'s suggestion, tell Jimmy to go try to find Milt Appleday\'s  frozen brain, which supposedly is hidden somewhere in Tux\'s Arctic Adventure. As usual, Jimmy unwillingly gives in, and once there, bumps into Milt\'s son Sonny , who is attempting to retrieve the brain from underneath the ice. After being spotted by Sonny, Jimmy quickly flees and during his escape, accidentally runs onto the path of an oncoming train and is sent to the hospital, where Milt\'s brain  is transplanted into his head. He makes it out of the operation just fine with his personality intact  but, he can now see all of Appleday\'s characters in real life, while no one else can. With the help of his crush, Robin , who is also Craig\'s sister, Jimmy and the characters learn that the reason they\'ve lost their popularity is thanks to Sonny, who unwittingly ruined their cartoons through his own ideas, especially Golly who is crushed to learn that his top spot as most popular cartoon character in the world has been reduced to nothing, but he figures with Jimmy now at the helm, he can quickly make him a star again. Now that he\'s president of Appleday Pictures , Jimmy is immensely popular, but no longer has time for school or his friends. Meanwhile, Sonny has rented out a room in Jimmy\'s house and now lives with his family because Jimmy\'s dad allows him when it is obvious that Sonny is deceiving the family. Sonny has dinner with them and meets Jimmy\'s alien sister, Yancy , all the while constantly scheming to get Milt\'s brain out of Jimmy\'s head and for himself. And without the brain, Jimmy would die. He devises a plan to modify Crocco\'s train to include several dangerous devices on it that will decapitate Jimmy and get him what he wants. However, he says this plan out loud  and Yancy catches on. Eventually, Robin attempts to point out to Jimmy that the cartoons are walking all over him just like everybody else used to, but he denies this, adding that the only reason Robin even liked him was because of him having Milt\'s brain. He takes off for his television debut, leaving her behind to encounter Sonny, who says that since she knows his plan, he\'ll have to do away with her. At the studio, Jimmy tells the ego-maniac Golly that all that the Presidency of Appleday Studios has gotten him isn\'t what he really wanted, which drives Golly to get angry at him and shout at him that it is impossible for him to say no to anybody. Jimmy finally realizes Robin was right and denounces his position as President, causing the show to be canceled. Sonny, however, still wants the brain, and has tied Robin down to the train tracks, forcing Jimmy and the characters  to go save her. Golly temporarily changes Jimmy into a cartoon "Knight in shining armor". Robin is saved from being run over after Jimmy goes inside the train and destroys the engine. Sonny\'s plan is foiled. Jimmy dresses up as Milt to hide from Sonny, and Sonny is momentarily distracted by his affection for his father. Yancy, Jimmy\'s alien sister, saves Jimmy just in time by using her power of teleportation. Robin and Jimmy return to Craig\'s house, where he was planning to throw a party with Jimmy as the guest of honor, and everything is patched up between them. However, since the partygoers were watching the show he was on, and saw him talk about the importance of friendship, they figured that Jimmy wasn\'t cool, and instead just stupid at giving up all that fame, and leave the party. In an epilogue, Jimmy is leaving for school. Sonny still wants the brain and is seen hiding behind a curtain. He has a device that can grab his head. Sonny almost succeeds, but the crane misses its target.'] ['Simon Gunner , is a starstruck kid who aspires to become a circus clown. With the help of veteran funster Jack Merrick , Simon ultimately fulfills his goal.'] ['{{Cquote}} In 1956, Madeline attends a boarding school run by Miss Clavel, a nun. She is the only orphan and wishes she had a family. She goes on daily walks, eats her favorite meal "Chicken Hélèn" , and causes michief for Miss Clavel. One night, Miss Clavel feels that something is not right, so she runs up to the girls\' room and finds Madeline groaning in pain on her bed. Quickly, Miss Clavel dials the hospital, who explains to Miss Clavel that they must take out Madeline\'s appendix immediately. During her stay in the hospital overnight, after the surgery, Madeline wanders down the hallways, and finds Lady Covington. The two begin to talk, and Lady Covington reveals to Madeline that she carved her name under Madeline\'s bed, Marie-Gilberte. She asks Madeline to see if it\'s still there. Their conversation is interrupted by the strict Lord Covington, who orders Madeline to leave. A few days later, when Madeline is ready to go, she discovers that Lady Covington had died because she was very sick. She then sees a chicken in Helen\'s car, and finds out that it\'s the Chicken Helen that will be served that night. When Madeline arrives at the school, she meets Pepito, the Spanish Ambassador\'s son, who is the main target of a kidnapper named Leopold who wants to collect money from the Ambassador since he\'s rich. That night, Madeline refuses to eat the chicken "Fred" because she made friends with him in the car. She turns half the other girls against chicken and make them vegetarians and cluck, which results in Miss Clavel sending the girls up to bed without dinner, after a discussion with Covington about how he\'s closing the school down because his wife died. The girls are hungry so they sneak down to eat. However, they get scared by Pepito, who appears dressed like a demon. When Miss Clavel and Helen find the girls, they reluctantly decide to give them dinner. The next day, Miss Clavel goes to Pepito\'s house to offer him a toolbox and ends up talking with Leopold who is posing as Pepito\'s tutor. Then, Miss Clavel takes the girls to an art gallery where Pepito himself steals Madeline\'s notebook and writes "Beware" in it. The girls wonder why until Miss Clavel tells them that they have been invited to Pepito\'s birthday. While there, Pepito shows the girls his menagerie and attempts to scare them by dangling a white baby mouse in their face. It works on the other girls, but not on Madeline. Pepito tries to scare her by almost feeding it to his snake but Madeline insists he\'s bluffing. Pepito calls it off and shows the girls his guillotine that he built with the tools in his new toolbox and almost executes the mouse. Madeline defends the mouse by pushing Pepito away. She lets the remaining caged mice go in retaliation, and this causes the girls to run in terror and subsequently causes Miss Clavel to faint. Madeline starts to fight Pepito, but Miss Clavel stops her and insists they leave. On their way out, Madeline steals Pepito\'s motorcycle keys. Later, in class, the girls are forced to write lines, explaining their behaviour. On their walk, Madeline accidentally falls into the Seine River and is rescued by a stray dog named Geneviève. Madeline catches a cold, and when Miss Clavel and the girls leave on their walk, she watches Pepito complaining how he doesn\'t have his keys. Leopold starts it with a paper clip. Meanwhile, Geneviève finds Madeline and the two try to hide from Lord Covington who is showing the house. Eventually, Miss Clavel finds out about Geneviève, but compromises and says she can sleep in the shed and be kept, but she is not allowed to go in the school. Meanwhile, the girls sabotage the school, so visitors won\'t want to buy it. Lord Covington comes over that night, and has an argument with Miss Clavel about the school being sabotaged, but Madeline interrupts and admits she did it, trying to back up Miss Clavel, but calling Lord Covington "Cuckoo Face". On his way back home, Covington discovers the dog and turns loose Geneviève despite the pleads of the girls. They look for her the next day and go to a circus to cheer themselves up, but Madeline decides to run away with the circus because she feels alone and wants a real home. She tells her best friend Aggie that she\'s leaving, and makes her swear not to tell a soul. Aggie swears and hugs her goodbye. Madeline walks away sadly and notices Leopold kidnapping Pepito with the help of the clowns called "The Idiots", since they were really henchman of Leopold. Madeline tries to confront Leopold, who kidnaps her as well. Miss Clavel, not knowing they have been kidnapped, finds out that Madeline has run away and goes to find her. While on her way, she finds Genevieve and takes her along. The next day, Madeline and Pepito discover a motorcycle that the idiots used in their act. She tells Pepito to drive it, since he drove one, but Pepito reveals that he drives a Vespa.Pepito didn\'t actually rode a Vespa in the film, but a French "Terrot" scooter model VMS. Luckily, he is convinced by Madeline, and the two escape Leopold, who follows them. Miss Clavel sees them chasing them and goes after Leopold. Miss Clavel and Leopold are about to both hit Madeline and Pepito, but Pepito swerves away and Miss Clavel cuts Leopold off, making him and the idiots crash into a river. They are arrested, and Pepito and Madeline are reunited with their families. But just when everything turns out right, Lord Covington comes and introduces the Ambassador of Uzbekistan who agreed to buy the school. Madeline confronts Covington and convinces him that his wife is still with him, and in the school as well. Miss Clavel assures Madeline that whatever happens, they\'ll be together. But this is denied by Covington, who says that Madeline is right, and wishes he could do something about it, but has already sold the school. However, the Ambassador calls it off, letting everybody remain at the school. The movie ends with the girls running off, while Miss Clavel follows them. The real-life setting goes back to a storybook-like setting and the words "Fin" appear.'] ['In the opening scene, secret agent Rock Slag  is being chased through Bedrock. His pursuers, Bobo and Ollie think that they have finally killed him when they push him off a building. Meanwhile, the Flintstones and Rubbles prepare for a camping vacation which includes trying to drop Dino and Hoppy off at the veterinarian. On the way back, Fred crashes Barney\'s car, and they make a stop at the hospital where Rock Slag is also recovering. After Bobo and Ollie find Rock and put him out of commission, Chief Boulder of the Secret Service enlists look-alike Fred to take his place in Paris for a special meeting. His assignment is to meet Tanya, the Green Goose\'s #1 lieutenant, who has agreed to turn over the evil Green Goose in return for a chance to meet the irresistible Rock Slag. Not realizing that the Green Goose is not an actual bird, Fred tells his family that their vacation has become an all-expense paid trip to Eurock. Barney and Fred return all the camping gear and use the money to buy the Rubbles tickets to go along. Meanwhile, Ollie and Bobo make several attempts on Fred\'s life assuming that he is really Rock Slag. Once in Paris, the Chief tells Fred that he must now go to Rome instead, with the help of master of disguise Triple X. Fred makes attempts to sneak away from Wilma to meet with Tanya, but ends up spending the night trying to escape all of Rock\'s female admirers. After missing a date with Wilma, Fred buys her an imitation diamond necklace from a street hustler to make it up to her, but finds that she slept soundly through the night without realizing he was missing. Flintstone tries to back out of his assignment after finding out that the Green Goose is actually a master criminal, but has pangs of guilt over Pebbles\' future and makes an excuse to get away and meet Tanya. Unfortunately, Wilma and the Rubbles go to the same restaurant and catch them together --- thinking that Fred is having an affair. Rock actually shows up to replace Fred, but gets pounded by an angry Wilma and ends up knocked out again. Tanya then leads Fred to the Green Goose, but he is unaware that the Chief has been put out of commission by Bobo and Ollie so he has no back-up. Barney, meanwhile, has followed Fred, and now they are both captured by the Green Goose --- who tortures Barney in attempts to get "Rock" to give him secret information. The Green Goose  makes plans to launch his deadly inter-rokinental missile --- locking Fred and Barney inside until he overhears that Fred has an "expensive" necklace on him. When he opens the door to get at the necklace, the boys turn the tables on the Green Goose and lock him in the missile with Bobo, Ollie, and Tanya --- with the target reset for outer-space. A huge welcome home ceremony is held in Bedrock for the return of hero Fred, but he is just grateful to be back home with his beautiful family, who head on a secret getaway.'] ['Kevin Manley , a Los Angeles travel agent, receives the message that his grandpa has passed and left everything to him. However, he must go to Alaska in order to collect his inheritance. He leaves Canoga Park , quits his job, despite his boss warning him that he will give up and decide to come back begging for his job back, and heads to Anchorage, Alaska. Upon arrival, Manley finds out that if he proves he is manly by participating in the yearly Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race he can obtain the land that his grandfather left to him and if he doesn\'t participate, the land wouldn\'t be signed over. While in Alaska, he meets some other participants including: the beautiful Bonnie Livengood , the stupid English Carter , ex-sheriff Ned Parker  and the local attorney Clive Thornton  who initially informed him of conditions of the race. Manley eventually discovers a box of various items that had belonged to his grandfather that included a fur cap and coat, a sword, and a diary which informed Manley that his grandfather had found gold on the land with a relative of a participant he had met earlier, Bonnie Livengood. While preparing for the event, two other participants, Clive and Carter, attempt to sabotage Manley\'s chances at winning the race so they can get the land and the gold. Clive promises to pay Carter a thousand dollars if he could prevent Kevin from entering or even finishing the race. Carter succeeds in stealing Kevin\'s team of huskies and burning down the shed containing his sled, tent, and supplies. Despite his losses, Kevin uses some of his remaining savings to buy a new sled, a tent, some winter clothing, and food supplies for him and his dogs. He also buys a new team of dogs to replace the ones he lost: Farty, a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever, Trooper, a German Shepherd, Pierre, a black poodle, Barker, a large dark-brown wiry-haired mongrel, Gumly, a large St. Bernard, Snowflake, a white American bulldog, and a Jack Russell terrier named Riddles. After the Iditarod race begins and the teams head off into the wilderness, Kevin begins to learn how to survive on the trail and face the perils that seem to pull on him. He and his dogs begin to form a bond of friendship. Along the trail, Kevin rescues Bonnie from Parker, who was in the process of trying to rape her, and gives him the "Canoga Park Coffee Zap", in which he pours hot coffee on his private area. Shortly afterwards, Bonnie and Kevin form a deep relationship and fall in love with each other. Clive and Carter, who are both anxious to have Kevin lose, try several plans to stop Kevin from finishing the race. Carter cuts half of one of the lines attached to the sled, in which it snaps free as the team rush on down the trail and Kevin has an accident, but is rescued by an Indian tribe and nursed back to health. Another night, Clive and Carter scatter strips of meat around the camp, which attracts a grizzly bear that tears down Kevin\'s tent and scares him and his dogs off. After the duo blow up Kevin\'s grandfather\'s cabin with dynamite, Kevin soon finds out of Clive\'s and Carter\'s plan and warn them both to stay away from him and his team. While camping in a snow cave during a blizzard, Bonnie and Kevin discover a map inside Kevin\'s jacket that belonged to his grandfather. The map tells them of a place known as Wolf Mountain, where Kevin believes that his grandfather hid his gold. When the storm clears, they reach Wolf Mountain and recovered the chest full of gold nuggets underneath the snow. Unfortunately, Clive and Carter arrive, take the chest of gold, and take Bonnie hostage after burying Kevin in the spot where they uncovered the gold. However, Kevin orders his lead dog, Farty to dig him out and he follows Clive and Bonnie all the way to Nome, which is the finish line of the Iditarod Sled Dog race. He manages to beat Parker and Carter, wins the race, and races onward to cut off Thornton\'s escape. He rescues Bonnie and Clive draws out a gun and fires at them, but he misses. The bullet glances off several metal objects inside an abandoned garage and finally hits an oil barrel, which blows up the garage with Clive inside it. At the same moment, the gold survives the explosion and falls around Bonnie and Kevin, who are surprised and overjoyed. Clive, who had recently survived the explosion, and Carter are arrested for their actions against Kevin and Bonnie, and Kevin is rewarded with the prize money of the race, a gold cup, and a bouquet of flowers, which he gives to Bonnie. He asks Bonnie to marry him and she happily agrees. With some of the price money and his grandfather\'s gold, Bonnie and Kevin get married, build a new cabin, and settle down with their dogs and their first child, a baby girl..'] ['In the marshes of Camargue, France, a herd of wild horses roam free. Their leader is a handsome white-haired stallion named White Mane . A group of ranchers capture the wild stallion and place him in a corral. Yet White Mane escapes. A boy named Folco , who lives with his fisherman grandfather, watches intently as White Mane escapes, and he dreams of one day handling White Mane. The ranchers once again try to capture White Mane and fail. Folco asks the men if he can have the white horse. Yes, says one of the men, "but first you have to catch him, but your fish will grow wings before you can manage that." Later Folco comes across White Mane in the marshes, and he tries to rope him. However, White Mane gallops and drags Folco in the water for quite a while. Folco refuses to let go of the rope and almost passes out. White Mane relents and the two become friends. White Mane returns to his herd and another horse challenges him for dominance. White Mane loses the fight and returns to join the boy. The ranchers return and try to spook White Mane by setting fire to the area he and his herd live in. Folco jumps on White Mane  and rides him bareback across the marshes of Camargue, over the sparse dunes to the sea. The ranchers give chase and surround them, but they refuse to be caught. With Folco on his back, White Mane rides into the sea. The film ends as the narrator states that White Mane took Folco to an island where horses and children can be friends forever.'] ['{{Plot}} At a young age, Flint Lockwood has always wanted to invent something interesting; however, his inventions malfunctioned, such as the Remote Control Television, Hair Un-Balder, The Flying Car, Rat-bird hybrids, and a Spray-On formula  that have permanently trapped his feet in a solid sealant. He grew up misunderstood by his father, Tim . His mother, Fran , always believed he could succeed, however, she died almost 10 years before the story, leaving Flint with his father. They live in Swallow Falls, a town located on an island under the "A" in "Atlantic" as printed on a map. Since the Baby Brent Sardine cannery closed down, the economy fell and left Swallow Falls with sardines as their one and only source of food. About a decade later, Flint , along with the assistance of his pet monkey, Steve , who speaks through a thought translator , invents a machine that uses microwave radiation to mutate water into food, called the FLDSMDFR. The machine requires a lot of electricity to work, so Flint sneaks out of his father\'s fishing tackle shop while he is watching Mayor Shelbourne  and "Baby" Brent McHale  unveiling a new tourist attraction, Sardine Land. Flint is stopped by police officer Earl Devereaux , but gets away. Flint then goes to the power plant and hooks up the machine. The machine absorbs millions of megawatts of electricity and ends up rocketing through town and shooting up into the stratosphere, destroying Sardine Land. Flint, a failure, runs away and goes under one of the docks. While recuperating from his failure, he meets Samantha "Sam" Sparks , a weather intern for the Weather News Network in New York whose big break was foiled by Flint\'s actions while reporting the events about Sardine Land. The two witness violet clouds shaped like cheeseburgers floating over the town that rain cheeseburgers, much to everyone\'s surprise and joy. Realizing his achievement, Flint invents a communication device to send orders to the FLDSMDFR which is resting in the stratosphere. He starts working for Mayor Shelbourne, and Sam broadcasts Swallow Falls  attracting tourists. He also did an ice-cream snow day for the birthday of Earl\'s only son, Calvin "Cal" Devereaux . Everyone is going well until Tim fails to show appreciation for his son, and worst of all, more and more people  start greedily requesting food for Flint to rain. The more food that is ordered will require more clouds for the machine to collect and make the food. Flint notices that the food is beginning to rain in massive quantities, but the Mayor  sees it as a better outcome for him and the city, and Flint is forced to agree. He orders spaghetti and meatballs at the mayor\'s direction for the grand re-opening ceremony. The next day, citizens and worldly tourists crowd Chewandswallow and cheer on Flint who cuts the ribbon. Suddenly, a large destructive tornado formed of spaghetti and meatballs threatens the town. Flint rushes to the lab to turn the FLDSMDFR off, but finds the Mayor ordering dinner. Flint attempts to send a \'kill code\' to stop the machine. However, the Mayor accidentally destroys the communication device while trying to stop Flint from turning off the machine. Flint asks the Mayor what he exactly ordered, and the Mayor timidly replies to Flint that he ordered a Vegas-style all-you-can-eat buffet. A massive food storm threatens the world and Flint loses hope. However, his father encourages him to fix the mess and hands him his lab coat that he lost in the recent disaster. Flint gains confidence and places the kill code in a USB flash drive and invents the Flying Car 2, but is then met by the angry townspeople, who, told by the Mayor, want to get back at him for dooming their world. Fortunately, Earl comes to the rescue, stating that the townspeople themselves are to blame since they have been pushing Flint into making so many orders in the first place. Realizing this, the townspeople agree and spare Flint, allowing him, Sam, her cameraman, Manny , Steve, and Brent to set out to destroy the FLDSMDFR and save the world while they work together with the remaining tourists to escape Chewandswallow. Entering the stratosphere, they find that the machine is the sole core of a giant meatball — a meateroid — and that it is aware of the heroes so it sends sentient food to attack them . In the chaos, Flint loses the kill code when the flash drive flies out of the Flying Car 2. Flint calls his father who instructs him to enter his lab and send the kill code to his cell phone. Flint, Sam, and Brent enter the meateroid but Flint is forced to carry on to the machine solo since Brent must fight off sentient roast chicken while inside one and Sam cuts herself on peanut brittle, to which she is allergic and therefore must get access to an epi-pen. Meanwhile in Chewandswallow, the citizens and tourists, with the help of Earl, escape on boats made of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches under Earl\'s orders, while the Mayor escapes on the first one . Mt. Leftovers collapses, causing an avalanche of food — a foodalanche — to destroy Chewandswallow. The foodalanche covers Flint\'s Lab with Tim still trying to send Flint the kill code. However he survives and he successfully clicks send. Flint encounters the machine and jams the phone into the USB port. However, Tim had sent him the wrong document, but Flint destroys the machine by using his Spray-On formula into the food extraction hole. Sam and Brent escape the meateroid before it explodes. They return to the aftermath of Chewandswallow. Flint returns safe and alive carried by his Ratbirds. Tim finally shows his appreciation for Flint and Flint and Sam celebrate and they kiss. The end credits show that everyone is now using a new machine to change the world into a food paradise, while the Mayor  is deflated back to his normal size and arrested for his greedy actions.'] ["The story is being told by Barbie to her little sister Kelly, who is feeling uneasy about being at camp overnight for the first time. She remembers the story while looking at constellations, being started on after finding Cygnus. The story begins with Odette dancing in her father's bakery. Odette feels happy because she knows how to dance a ballet dance which is to be very hard to handle or to be practiced. Her sister is also shown as a fast horse rider. A unicorn named Lila arrives in the village and manages to escape hunters and runs into an Enchanted Forest with the curious Odette on her heels. Lila becomes trapped and Odette unknowingly removes a magic crystal , unaware that the Fairy Queen is watching,then Odette was shocked with what is happening. She uses it to free Lila and the Fairy Queen tells Odette that she is the chosen one for the crystal chose her by letting her take it away from the tree. She explains that Odette is the one who will purge the evil plaguing the forest, the Fairy Queen's cousin, Rothbart. Odette, not wanting to get mixed up in the situation, refuses. The Fairy Queen complies but sends Lila to escort her out and give one last try at convincing her. Rothbart appears in the wood with his daughter, cornering Odette by a tree. There she is trapped and transformed into a swan by the evil wizard, who wants to use Odette and the crystal to defeat his enemy the Fairy Queen. The Fairy Queen is able to partially counter the spell so that Odette retains her human form by night, although she will still have to turn into a swan by day. Odette also meets the other elves of the forest: Carlita, now a skunk, Ivan, a porcupine as well as a few others. Odette's father and sister, Marie, start looking for her, afraid because Odette is missing. Prince Daniel, the prince living in the castle in Odette's village, is introduced. A spirited man, he prefers exploring rather than marriage, much to the dismay of his mother. The fairy queen also gives Odette a crown with the crystal in it that will protect her from Rothbart. Odette is determined to find a solution to the problem and goes to a magical library to find it. However, they are unable to locate the book and Odette is disheartened. Rothbart lures Prince Daniel into the forest, determined to get him to hunt Odette. However, Daniel is captivated by the swan's beauty and decides to let it live. The two soon fall in love when he sees her true form.They dance gracefully and afterwards Odette transform into a swan. Daniel asks Odette to a ball, but at first she denies until he finally convinces her to come. Odette agrees. Soon, Erasmus-the troll in charge of the library- arrives, having found the book. He reveals to them that the solution is true love. Realizing that Daniel can save them all, the Fairy Queen teaches Odette how to waltz at the ball but are interrupted when Erasmus is kidnapped. They manage to save him but Rothbart learns of what will be his downfall. So, he transforms his daughter Odile to look like Odette in the eyes of Daniel. Odette races to get to Daniel but is too late. At the ball Prince Daniel pledges his love to Odile, thinking her to be Odette. Odette, who was trapped outside in swan form, is unable to tell Daniel about the trick. Odette falls to the ground, the crystal having lost its power and she is mortally weakened. Rothbart reveals the truth and he and Odile escape. Daniel runs after them and the Fairy Queen attempts to revive Odette, who is barely alive. However, Rothbart turns her  into a mouse and attempts to kill Odette and Daniel. The two fall onto each other, their hands intertwined. At that moment, the crystal's power explodes outwards, stopping Rothbart, as they two were truly in love. The two awaken and all of Rothbart's evil is undone. At last, Odette and Prince Daniel confess their love for each other. Everyone from the village and the Enchanted forest celebrate. It is revealed that Odette and Daniel are to be married and are finally happy. Rothbart gets his just dessert as he is now a Cuckoo Clock while Odile is a maid. At the end, it is shown the story has given Kelly a new resolve and she promises she will participate in the race the following day. She yawns and heads off to bed, with Barbie smiling behind her."] [' Five high school freshmen: Olivia White , Mohini "Mo" Banjaree , Charles "Charlie" Delgado , Stella Yamada , and Wendell "Wen" Gifford  all meet after ending up in detention for different reasons. While there, they tap out a beat and play instruments, and Olivia sings "Turn Up the Music". The next day, the band forms with Olivia as lead vocalist, Stella as lead guitarist, Mo as bass guitarist, Wen as keyboardist, and Charlie as drummer,Lemonade Mouth &ndash; Meet the characters. disney.go.com. Retrieved 2011-04-03. but they are unable to choose a band name. At school, Olivia gets cornered by Ray Beech , lead singer of a rival band, Mudslide Crush, who begins questioning and bullying her. The rest of the band intervenes and Stella spits lemonade onto Ray. Ray refers to Stella as "lemonade mouth" and Olivia, the narrator, states: "And that is how we got our band name." The band is later shocked to see that the unique lemonade machine, "Mel\'s Organic Lemonade", is scheduled for removal. The school principal Brenigan  moved all extracurricular activities to the school basement to make room for a new gymnasium. When Mo sees her boyfriend, Scott Picket , the guitarist of Mudslide Crush, heavily flirting with another girl, she is devastated and leaves him. Meanwhile, Olivia and Wen meet to work on a song together and bond. At the Halloween bash, Lemonade Mouth performs "Determinate." After the performance, Stella makes a speech opposing Brenigan\'s decisions and encouraging self-expression to the supportive crowd. Angered, Principal Brenigan shuts them down and calls them to his office the next day. He compliments their talent as a band, but forbids them from playing at school again. The next day, the band sees posters and banners all around the school supporting Lemonade Mouth, which raises their spirits. They also discover that "Determinate" is playing on the local radio. Shortly after, however, things go downhill: Mo gets sick, Charlie breaks his fingers, Wen injures his eye, and Olivia loses her voice. Stella calls everyone to the school, where she is protesting the removal of the lemonade machine. The group gets into a heated argument with one another and fight with the men removing the lemonade machine. Police arrive and they are brought to a holding cell to wait for their parents. After contemplating giving up, the band agrees to stick together and perform at Rising Star , even though they realize that they will not win the competition. At Rising Star, Mudslide Crush performs "Don\'t Ya Wish U Were Us". Lemonade Mouth takes the stage and tries to perform "Determinate," but no one except Stella can play, due to their injuries. Discouraged, they start to leave. The audience then begins to sing "Determinate" together in support of the band. Fed up with Ray, Scott leaves Mudslide Crush and plays with Stella, joining Lemonade Mouth as they stand together in tears, watching the audience sing for them. In narration, Olivia reveals that although they did not win the competition, they won something bigger that night. Things start patching up again for the band: Mo and Scott get back together; Charlie, who had previously liked Mo, accepts this and decides to aim his attention at a girl who likes him; and Wen accepts his new stepmother. At Wen\'s father\'s wedding, the man sitting next to Stella tells her that he was in a band once and now runs an organic lemonade company that has recently become very successful. Stella recognizes him as Mel, and he agrees to donate a music hall for Ms. Reznik and everything works out after all. Olivia mails the entire story to her father, whom she has not seen in years because he is in prison. The film closes with Lemonade Mouth performing "Breakthrough" at Madison Square Garden, with Scott as their new additional guitarist. An extended version includes an interview with the band.'] [' Cody Banks , a 15-year-old high school student, applies for a junior position for the Central Intelligence Agency after completing his summer camp for CIA agents. Answering to his handler Agent Ronica Miles , Cody is called upon a mission to find information about a scientist named Dr. Albert Connors . Connors is employed by a SPECTRE type organization named ERIS led by Dr. Brinkman , and his henchman, François Molay . As all CIA agents are known to Brinkman\'s organization, the CIA uses the unknown Banks, who is placed into the prep school of Dr. Connors\' daughter, Natalie , the William Donovan Institute. Cody soon finds he has no social skill with girls and has no time to do this while balancing his chores and homework. The CIA decides to help by doing his chores and homework, trying to build his status, and going into the school to set him up with Natalie. The CIA also assemble a varying team of "experts" to train Cody into how to talk to girls, and issue him with a variety of gadgets with various functions. Eventually, Cody befriends, and falls in love with Natalie after saving her from falling off a ladder while putting up a banner, and he is invited to her 16th birthday party, where he goes undercover to her father\'s lab. Cody finds that Dr. Brinkman is planning to use nanobots — which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance — to destroy the world\'s defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him. Since the nanobots are inactive in the cold, he plans to use ice cubes to distribute them. After Connors, Brinkman and François leave the lab, Cody attempts to steal one of the ice cubes, only for it to melt when in his possession. Shortly after this, Cody gets into a fight with a number of bullies, at the party. The fight makes the school newspaper, causing the CIA to remove him from the mission for fear he may have blown his cover. Meanwhile, with Connors refusing to aid him in his plans, Dr. Brinkman sends François and some men to catch Natalie and bring her into his base in the Cascade Mountains. Meanwhile, disobeying orders to stay away from her, Cody and Natalie eat ice cream at a restaurant. Cody attempts to explain things to Natalie but François and a group of men come over to their table and fight with Cody, knocking him unconscious and taking Natalie. Cody is removed from the mission, and his parents punish him for staying out past his curfew. Cody gets his brother Alex  to make sure his parents do not find out that he is gone by giving him the $5,000 the CIA gave him. Knowing Natalie\'s location via a tracking device in a necklace he gave her as a birthday present, Cody breaks into the CIA weapons hold and steals a rocket powered snowboard and other devices to rescue Natalie. Cody gets a ride to the top of the mountain and snowboards to the factory where Natalie is held. On the way, he gets caught in a grove of trees as Ronica finds him using a SoloTrek XFV. After convincing Ronica that they need to rescue Natalie, the pair infiltrate the laboratory and Cody rescues Natalie, also explaining the truth about why he went out with her. However, the trio are captured by Brinkman\'s men, although Cody quickly manages to escape. Natalie is held hostage by Dr. Brinkman, who puts an ice cube with a nanobot inside on her forehead to make her father program the system. Cody sets off a series of explosive charges he and Ronica had planted throughout the base, and in the ensuing battle, Ronica fights off several of Dr. Brinkman\'s men and Natalie kills Dr. Brinkman by placing the ice cube with the nanobots into his mouth, causing it to melt, and the nanobots to devour him from the inside out. Cody later defeats François and sends him to the CIA using the SoloTrek XFV, before fleeing the facility with Ronica, Natalie and Dr. Connors before it explodes. The film ends with Cody and Natalie sharing their first kiss.'] [' The Beast  and Belle  plan to eat together, and the Beast asks for advice from Lumiere . While Cogsworth  escorts Belle to the dining room, they come across the castle\'s well-meaning but rather verbose writer, Webster , turned into a dictionary, whom Belle invites to join them in the dining room . During the meal, while Belle explains a story she has been reading to the Beast, the Beast gets sweaty and demands that the windows be opened, despite there being a drought and the other servants getting cold. The Beast and Belle get into an argument, and the Beast strikes Webster off the table when the latter begins giving unwanted synonyms to Belle\'s insults. Subsequently, they both stop speaking to each other, despite Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to patch things up. Eventually, Webster, feeling guilty for his part, forges a letter of apology from the Beast to Belle with his friends, a pile of papers named Crane  and a quill named LePlume . Belle sees the letter, and makes amends with the Beast. That night, however, the truth comes out, and after a furious chase around the castle, Beast catches and banishes Webster, Crane and LePlume for the forgery, throwing them into the forest. Belle ventures out and brings them back, and the Beast, touched by Belle\'s sympathy, forgives the three and allows them back in, realizing that their intentions were good. The moral of this story being how easy it is to forgive.  On the anniversary of Lumiere\'s first date with Fifi , Lumiere grows so nervous to the point that he cleans himself excessively and turns to Belle for advice, by walking with her in the garden and reciting what he plans to say to Fifi to her. Fifi overhears this, and believes that Lumiere and Belle are having an affair behind her back. In reality, Lumiere has planned a surprise snow ride around the castle gardens with Fifi. To get back at Lumiere, Fifi attempts to seduce Cogsworth, who is apparently not interested. In the end, things are cleared up and Lumiere and Fifi go for the ride, but the pot they are sitting in slips off the edge of the balcony and hangs over the moat (the same chasm in which [[Gaston . Lumiere holds onto Fifi for while hanging for dear life, and tells her he loves her. Before they can fall, Belle, Cogsworth and a few more servants arrive and get them back to safety. In this story everyone learns that "sometimes things are just as they seem."  Mrs. Potts is feeling depressed due to dreadful weather, and Belle, who has come to look at Mrs. Potts as a mother figure, decides to cheer her up by throwing a surprise party for her, all the while without waking the sleeping Beast . However, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s rivalry gets in the way, in fields such as composing music, Mrs. Potts\' favourite flowers , and the cake\'s flavors. Eventually, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to sabotage one another\'s decisions comes to a point where the baking cake explodes and makes a complete mess in the kitchen. Lumiere and Cogsworth, after a scolding from Belle, decide to put their rivalry behind them for good and work together to make a small surprise for Mrs. Potts. The plan goes well, and Mrs. Potts is cured of her depression, and the sun finally shines again. In this story, everyone learned the great power of cooperation and compromises.  Belle and Beast arrange to have lunch together again, but an injured bird accidentally flies into Belle\'s room, and she forgets her arrangement, instead paying more attention to the bird. Beast discovers this, and flies into a rage, trying to catch the bird, but he trips over Cogsworth and hits his head hard on the floor. This strips him of his hatred for birds, but his selfishness drives him to lock the bird in a cage and demand that he sing for him when he pleases, but the obviously saddened and frightened bird refuses. Meanwhile, Cogsworth feels he is losing control over his staff, and demands their respect with harsh treatment. In the meantime, Belle convinces Beast otherwise, and he releases the bird once its wing is cured, but the bird, still too weak, begins to fall, and Beast rushes to rescue it. In the process, Cogsworth falls from the West Wing balcony and into the garden, but is unhurt, and learns that you cannot demand respect, but you can earn it by giving it. And Belle and Beast make amends, and Beast learns to treat people and animals with respect and compassion.'] ['The film stars the familiar characters from the Finnish TV show The Autocrats in a fairy tale where the inhabitants of a small Finnish village have to defend themselves against a despotic emperor.'] ["In June 1934, Kit Kittredge  is determined to become a reporter, and she writes articles on the typewriter in her attic while drama unfolds beneath her. The mortgage on her house is about to be foreclosed because her father  lost his car dealership and couldn't keep up with the payments. He has gone to Chicago, Illinois to search for work, and to make some income her mother  takes in an odd assortment of boarders, including magician Mr. Berk , dance instructor Miss Dooley , and mobile library driver Miss Bond . Locally there have been reports of muggings and robberies supposedly committed by hobos. Kit investigates and meets young Will  and Countee , who live in a hobo jungle near the Ohio River and Erie Lackawanna Railway. Kit writes a story about the camp and tries to sell it to Mr. Gibson , the mean editor of the Cincinnati newspaper, but he has no interest in the subject. She adopts a dog, her mother buys chickens, and Kit sells their eggs. Then a locked box containing her mother's treasures is stolen, and a footprint with a star matching the one on Will's boot is discovered, making him the prime suspect. The sheriff goes to find Will and Countee. However, Will and Countee have left the hobo jungle. It's up to Kit and her friends Stirling  and Ruthie  to gather enough evidence to prove that Will is innocent and Mr. Berk is the guilty party. Kit becomes a local hero. They found out that Countee has been pretending to be a boy. On Thanksgiving the hobos bring food to Kit's mother and Kit's father returns home. Mr. Gibson arrives to show Kit she is in print in Cincinnati's major daily newspaper."] ['The film opens somewhere in the late 17th century with two pirate ships fighting. The prince, Alexander of Monterria, is captured by Robert the Terrible, his ruthless uncle. The other pirates search the ship for the princess, Eloise, but miss her hiding spot and leave. When Eloise and her butler Willory  emerge, she sends a device that her father made, a "Helpseeker," to find heroes to save Alexander. It evades the pirates on the ship and jumps into the sea. The film jumps to the present where George , Sedgewick , and Elliot  are working at a pirate-themed dinner theater. Sedgewick, who is very lazy, has invented a remote-controlled toy truck with a claw arm  to help him do things he doesn\'t feel like doing - though when his girlfriend Ellen asks him to get her some barbecue sauce, it is out of range of his toy and he refuses to make the effort himself. Elliot has a list of things he\'s afraid of, and when his girlfriend Bernadette  asks him to get the barbecue sauce, he says the back room is dark and therefore "on his list." George, who lacks self-respect, does what everyone tells him; his children, George Jr and Lucy, idolize the star of the show, Sir Frederick. Elliot, Sedgewick, and George want to be seen as heroes by their loved ones, but since they\'re only cabin boys, they think that their dream is unattainable. After the show, while they are cleaning up, an old blind man appears out of nowhere, prophesying that an adventure awaits for them and that "the stage is set for the heroes at hand." Elliot thinks this means that if they all audition, they\'ll be cast in the show. After their disastrous audition , they are fired and thrown into the alley, where they find the Helpseeker and are teleported to the 17th century. Meeting Eloise and Willory, they set off to Jolly Joe\'s, a known pirate hang-out, where they learn it was Robert who kidnapped the prince in the hopes of exacting revenge on the king, Robert\'s brother. They also learn that the clues to find Robert\'s fortress are hidden in a cave past the Rocks of Malabar. They do find the clues there, but Sedgewick happens across what appears to be a pool of cheese curls, his favorite snack, and decides to stay on the island and relax instead of pursuing Robert. When George and Elliot return to the beach, they discover that Robert\'s men have taken their boat and captured Eloise and Willory. They head out to follow the clues: go east to the isle of walking rocks, and through the clapping pass. Back in the cave, the cheese curls turn out to be alive - and vicious. Sedgewick is attacked and, in his desperation to escape being eaten by his own favorite food, discovers he can do anything without giving up. When George and Elliot get to the isle, the rocks, which are really large rock-monsters , start to surround them, but then Sedgewick arrives, having now swum across the ocean followed by the cheese curls. The rocks find the curls amusing and start to interact with them. The pass opens and one of the rock-monsters helps them get through it. Within the hidden bay, they quickly find Robert\'s fortress, which is apparently unguarded, but a giant serpent attacks their ship. George and Sedgewick are terrified, but Elliot, overcoming his fear, realizes the guardian is actually just a mechanical device; when it "eats him," he is able to shut the machine down from inside and save his friends. They rescue the prince and princess, with the help of Sedgewick\'s "labor-saving device," only to be stopped by Robert. Finding his self-respect at last, George uses a chandelier to knock Robert down. They escape through the fortress\'s cistern, with Robert in hot pursuit. Back in the bay, Robert\'s ship opens fire on the heroes, but the king shows up just in time, and Robert goes down with his ship. The king gives them medals for their good work, reminding them that heroes aren\'t necessarily strong or handsome or dashing, but in fact anyone who does what he or she knows is right no how matter hard the situation. The Helpseeker returns them to the restaurant, just in time for the Friday night show, but Robert has stowed away on their trip back and attacks Sir Frederick, mistaking him for George. A final showdown with Robert sends him back to his own time. The audience cheers wildly, including their loved ones, and George\'s children respect him at last. Offered a second chance to be in the show, they refuse, saying that life has plenty of adventure of its own... as the Helpseeker blinks once again.'] ['The episode opens with Jimmy and Jerry Gourd dressed as Bob and Larry, who both are trying to host the show but aren\'t doing a convincing job of it. When the real Bob and Larry arrive, Jimmy and Jerry explain that they figured that they\'ve been wanting to host since Dave and the Giant Pickle, and that Bob and Larry could use a break. Bob argues that he just had a break , but humors the gourds and lets them tell a short story they wrote called "The Englishman Who Went Up A Hill ". In this "story", an Englishman  goes up a hill and steals all the bananas which he doesn\'t eat or share. Then a Swede  goes up another hill and steals all the strawberries. As both men refuse to eat their own fruit without some of the other to go with it, but are too selfish to lend some to each other, they are stuck hoarding their respective piles from one another indefinitely, and the story ends with Jean Claude , who has been interjecting the story from offscreen with cries of "you\'re so selfish!", pointing out that they are "not very bright". The story ends and Jimmy tries to get a verse from Qwerty, but he\'s been switched off. Jerry substitutes a crudely-writted "Don\'t be selfish" message in its place, but Bob finally cuts in and tells the gourds to let him tell a REAL story, that of King George and the Ducky. In this story, King George  only cares about rubber ducks. His servant Louis  tries to tell him the kingdom is in the middle of the Great Pie War though George doesn\'t care. To him, the most important person in the world is himself. As George proclaims his love for himself and his rubber duck, he notices a rubber duck which belongs to a poor boy named Thomas . Jealous, King George tells Louis to get him the duck, but Louis refuses. At this point, Cedric the General  says that they need more men on the battlefield. Seeing his opportunity, George announces that Thomas wants to help and tells Cedric to put Thomas on the front line of the battle alone. With Thomas out of the way, George tells Louis to meet him at Thomas\'s house so they can take the duck. At this point, it\'s time for Silly Songs with Larry. Today\'s song is "Endangered Love", in which Larry follows the tragic saga of his favorite daytime soap-opera character, Barbara Manatee. As he watches Barbara and her boyfriend Bill overcome life\'s obstacles, Larry sings of his own affections for Barbara. Back in the story, King George and Louis manage to steal the duck and the King is happy. Before George can take a bath with his new duck, Cedric and Thomas come. According to Cedric, Thomas ended the war all on his own, but has suffered "the trauma of war" in the process. George quickly shooes them away and again tries to get in the bath, but is interrupted by Melvin , a "slightly odd wiseman who shows up every so often" to tell a story using amazing audiovisual technology... a flannelgraph. Melvin tells a story of two men, one who had many sheep and one who had only a single sheep. Visited by a guest, the rich man steals the sheep from the poor man to serve for dinner. Furious, George asks who this rich man is, and Melvin points out that it\'s George himself. His actions in stealing Thomas\'s duck have done nothing but prove the King\'s selfishness, and Melvin tells George that "Whether we are a king or just a kid, God wants us all to put others first." Looking to make up for his sins, George lets Thomas take a bath in his tub, which cures his war trauma, and then returns his duck. George then apologizes to God, Thomas, and Louis for his selfishness and is forgiven, thus ending the story. Back on the countertop, Bob finishes up the story by adding that the next day, King George shared all his ducks with his people. As the show ends, however, the French Peas arrive and try their hand at hosting.'] ["While meditating beside a waterfall, Piccolo is approached by Gohan and Icarus, with Gohan showing Piccolo a tune he has just learned to whistle. To his shock, Piccolo finds the noise excruciatingly painful due to his enhanced Namekian hearing, and angrily orders Gohan to stop. Meanwhile, at the Capsule Corporation compound, Bulma and her father discover that a meteor is heading toward the Earth and will most likely destroy the planet upon impact. Amidst mass panic throughout the Earth, Goku and Krillin rush to intercept the meteor, blasting it with Kamehameha waves, but fail to damage it. The meteor, however, does not hit Earth, instead passing it and exploding in orbit. When the dust clears, a strange building is present on the Earth. An army of armoured soldiers comes out of the building and declares the Earth to be under the rule of their leader, Lord Slug, and terrorise the citizens for laughing at them. Gohan and Chi-Chi appear and fight the soldiers, whose eyes appear to be hypersensitive to the sunlight, but Chi-Chi is easily subdued and Gohan loses his hat with the four-star Dragon Ball as Slug himself appears and takes it. Bulma appears and defies Slug's henchmen, who reveal their intentions to Terra-freeze the Earth and turn it into their own star cruiser. Slug reads Bulma's mind and learns about the Dragon Radar, and orders his men to find the remaining six Dragon Balls in one hour. Slug's men eventually bring the Dragon Balls back to base and summon the Eternal Dragon, Shenron. The elderly Slug wishes for eternal youth, which is granted, and he launches a pod into space, where it summons dark clouds to cover the sky, blocking out the sunlight, modifying the atmosphere to accommodate Slug and his men, while proving deadly for the human race. Goku, still exhausted from his ordeal with the meteor, is found unconscious by Yajirobe, who gives him a Senzu Bean. At Slug's base, Gohan resumes his assault against Slug's army and manages to bring down scores of them until he is subdued. Piccolo appears and rescues Gohan from death. Slug's top men, Angila, Medamatcha and Wings appear and engage them in battle. Piccolo kills Wings while Medamatcha smothers Gohan into unconsciousness, but as Medamatcha moves in to finish Gohan, Piccolo throws himself in front of Gohan and takes the blast. They are almost killed, but Goku and Krillin arrive on the scene in time and kill Angila and Medamatcha, but Slug then enters the fray. Slug blasts Krillin aside and fights Goku one on one, easily taking the upper hand despite Goku's efforts. However, as Slug moves in to finish Goku, Goku is overcome by rage at the damage done to the Earth and its inhabitants, and transforms into a False Super Saiyan . With his power boosted, Goku easily takes control of the battle and pummels Slug, breaking his arm in the process. To Goku's horror, however, Slug tears his damaged arm off and regenerates it, also removing his helmet and revealing that he is actually a Namekian. As Slug transforms into a giant, King Kai telepathically contacts Goku and tells him that Slug is the last Super Namek, a branch of Namekians who grew obsessed with power and were banished from Planet Namek by use of the Dragon Balls. Goku and Slug continue their fight, but with Slug's increased strength and Goku's superior speed, neither can best the other. Slug eventually grabs Goku and starts to crush him, but Piccolo, knowing his own weaknesses, intervenes and pulls on Slug's antennae. Slug grabs Piccolo in his hands, but Piccolo, remembering his sensitive hearing, pulls his own ears off and screams for Gohan to start whistling. The noise deafens Slug, especially in his giant form, leaving Piccolo to transfer his remaining energy to Goku. Goku powers up and manages to fly straight through Slug's stomach, knocking him out. Goku then flies into the sky and begins preparing a Spirit Bomb in order to destroy the Terra-freezing pod, but Slug gives chase. In desperation, Goku fires the Spirit Bomb at Slug, hitting him and sending him directly into the Terra-freezing pod which explodes, destroying Slug and removing the dark clouds from Earth's atmosphere. In the aftermath, Yajirobe appears and provides everyone with Senzu Beans. At Kame House, Master Roshi, who slept through all the events, wakes up and wishes for something exciting to happen."] ["Ash Ketchum, Dawn, Brock and their Pokémon arrive in the beautiful Michina Town, visting the local temple ruins. Whilst visiting a lake, a typhoon suddenly strikes up, but two people named Sheena and Kevin summon Dialga who ends the typhoon. Palkia and Giratina both individually arrive, but Sheena uses her ability to communicate with a Pokémon's heart to quell their conflicts with each other, sending them back to their respective dimensions. Taking the kids to the temple, Sheena and Kevin explain they investigate disruptions in time and space, and worry that Arceus, the creator of the dimensions, is to awaken and is responsible for the encounters between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina. Sheena explains that centuries ago, Arceus saved Earth from a meteor storm and nearly died with the loss of its sixteen Life Plates, but a man named Damos saved him. In gratitude, Arceus fused five of his plates into the Jewel of Life, which turned Michina into a paradise. Arceus asked Damos to return to the jewel to him, only for Damos to betray Arceus and attacked him. Arceus was forced to go into a long slumber but vowed to awaken and judge humanity. Sheena reveals Damos is her ancestor, and possesses the actual Jewel of Life, planning to give it back to Arceus to pass judgement. Arceus arrives and Sheena offers him the jewel, only to discover it is a forgery. Arceus would have destroyed humanity, but Dialga, Palkia and Giratina arrive to stop their creator. Dialga sends Ash, Dawn, Brock and Sheena back in time to the day when Damos betrayed Arceus, but Dialga sends them further back, only for the heroes to be apprehended by Damos' lieutenant Marcus and his Heatran. The kids, Pikachu and Piplup are imprisoned, but the latter two are released by a notch-earred Pichu. The kids meet Damos who was imprisoned by Marcus, who is actually the true culprit behind the betrayal, using a Bronzong to hypnotise Damos into becoming his pawn. Unaware of Marcus' true role, Sheena tells him everything about the future. Pikachu, Piplup and a notch-earred Pichu free the kids and Damos. Arceus arrives to collect the Jewel of Life, hidden in Marcus' sceptre, but the fooled Sheena ends up being the one who betrays him. Arceus is forced into a pit and is wounded by liquid metal and electrical attacks, Marcus' intention is to kill Arceus himself to save the future. Sheena and Damos use their abilities to free the Pokémon under Marcus' control, including Heatran and Bronzong. Ash and the Pokémon confront Marcus, and Ash obtains the real Jewel of Life. Ash reaches Arceus but discovers he is dying. As a result, Ash and his friends begin to disintegrate due to the future being altered. Damos uses his powers to reach Arceus' raging heart, and asks him to save the future. Arceus absorbs the Jewel of Life, restoring his own life force and those of the future. Arceus rescues his saviours from the collapse of the temple, but Marcus is killed. Ash, Dawn, Brock and Sheena are transported to the future, only to discover that Arceus is still furious and has defeated Dialga, Palkia and Giratina. Arceus spots Ash and recognises him due to history's alterations, and reverses the destruction he caused and heals his servants. Ash and co. discover Damos has put them on a mural, thanking them for their help in saving the world. Arceus and his followers depart to their respective dimensions, Arceus concluding he is a part of the world aside from its creator. The end credits show via murals that Damos helped turn Michina into a paradise, and the fates of several characters from the previous two movies including Shaymin and Darkrai."] ['Boo-Boo Bear wakes up from winter hibernation, excited about the new Spring. Then Yogi Bear wakes up, his only interest finding some food to eat. Cindy Bear unsuccessfully tries to woo Yogi. After Ranger Smith thwarts Yogi\'s latest attempts to grab some food, Yogi gets angry and convinces Ranger to transfer him out of Jellystone National park. Smith prepares Yogi to be sent over to the San Diego Zoo along with an identification tag. Yogi first says goodbye to everything, but tricks another bear named Cornbone into going to California instead of him and Boo-Boo and Cindy remain unaware of this thinking Yogi departed for good. Soon Yogi is stealing food from all over the park under the alter ego "The Brown Phantom", but Smith believes its another bear. He threatens whoever it is to be sent to the zoo. Cindy wishing to be with Yogi at the zoo, angers Smith into mistakenly sending her away. However she gets sent to the St. Louis Zoo instead, as the San Diego Zoo don\'t need anymore bears. When she realises her true destination, she gets very upset. Late that night, Cindy falls out of the train and becomes lost. A travelling circus is looking for a great act to raise their ratings, when suddenly, their dog runs off and scares Cindy into walking on the telephone wires, the perfect opportunity for the circus. Yogi has recently missed Boo-Boo and above all Cindy. Yogi goes to Ranger Smith and hears about her disappearance. Soon Yogi and Boo-Boo escape from Jellystone to find Cindy. Meanwhile Ranger Smith decides to let them find their way home by to avoid trouble with the commissioner. After an extensive travel, Yogi and Boo-Boo locate Cindy, who is being kept a prisoner for the greedy manager\'s nest egg. As Yogi confronts the manager, he is made to join the circus too. Boo-Boo releases Yogi and Cindy and they make their exit. As they are make their way home, they find themselves being chased and hunted by the police, but make their escape. They hitch a ride, but find themselves in the middle of a busy city and make a run from the police to the top of a hotel and across to a high rise. The next morning Ranger Smith sees the three bears on television and decides to pick them up in a helicopter. All the commotions has made a great publicity for Jellystone and Ranger Smith gets promoted to Chief Ranger.'] ['The second movie in the Reel FX series has Cobra kidnapping the G.I. Joe commander General Hawk for nefarious purposes. Doctor Mindbender has invented a method to transform humans, into feral man-beasts that heed Cobra’s bidding. Mindbender calls the process "Venomization", wherein human DNA is fused with animal DNA. Cobra Commander’s plan is to brainwash and mutate Hawk into becoming the Venomized troops’ leader. Additionally, the Joe Team is in possession of a magnetic cannon, capable of delivering a cargo almost anywhere in the world, which is exactly the tool Cobra requires to Venomize the human population. As in G.I. Joe: Spy Troops, elements from the comic series published by Devil’s Due are integrated into the story, such as the wrist-com gauntlets, and the not-quite-secret status of the G.I. Joe elite. Previous animated forays likewise portrayed the Joes as publicly recognized heroes. The Cobra V-Troops are introduced, but are never referred to as such, instead merely identified as "Venomized troops". From events occurring in this movie, most fans are led to believe that Valor vs. Venom is the precursor to G.I. Joe: Sigma 6. The most notable connection, is the mention of General Hawk being hospitalized for the series, because of having his genes scrambled by Cobra\'s experiments.'] ['Arnold and Gerald and their friends are walking back to the boarding house after being beaten by 5th graders at a basketball game. On the way, they see several of their neighbors making a fuss about something, and learn that a man named Scheck, the CEO of a real estate company called Future Tech Industries  wants to buy all of the properties in Arnold\'s neighborhood so that he can convert it into a futuristic shopping mall. According to the news, the mayor is already approving plans for the mall, meaning that Arnold’s neighborhood  will be destroyed and everyone who lives there will have to move away. The neighbors state that they should do something about this. During the night, Helga discovers that her father, Big Bob Pataki, is working with a Future Tech Industries executive Nick Vermicelli . Big Bob is revealed to be planning to build a store in Scheck\'s mall called Big Bob\'s Super Beeper Emporium. Helga points out to her father that people are going to suffer if he builds his store. However, Big Bob counters by saying that if they leave the neighborhood alone, his store will not exist. He also insists that change is good  and that the Pataki family will be wealthy and able to buy anything if they open the store. Arnold hosts a protest rally against FTi. However, their permit is stolen by Scheck’s employees, so the protest is subsequently declared illegal, and Arnold\'s grandmother is jailed for being hostile to the police suppressing the protest rally. She tries escaping from jail, but she is continually thwarted. Two days away from demolition, Gerald tells Arnold to stop looking on the bright side of things and that they can not always win, though Arnold is unwilling to accept it. As the residents of the boarding house begin packing their belongings, Grandpa Phil tells Arnold the history of the boarding house, stating that his ancestors first built it in the 1700s and that the neighborhood was the site of the "Tomato Incident"  during the American Revolutionary War. The residents at that time were angry over the increase in British taxes for tomatoes, so they fought the British soldiers by hitting them with the tomatoes, sending them running. Arnold then realizes that if he can find a document containing proof that the event happened, then the neighborhood would qualify as a National Historic Landmark and cannot be demolished. With Gerald reluctantly accompanying him, the pair discover that a document pertaining to the event  was auctioned to a collector, who turns out to be none other than Scheck himself, though he denies ownership of the document when Arnold and Gerald confront him. As the boys are about to give up hope, a street telephone rings, with someone mysterious named “Deep Voice” tells them that Scheck is lying and that the document is hidden in his vault, and that a key to the vault is possessed by Vermicelli. The voice directs them to a woman named Bridget who provides them with gadgets to sneak the key away from Vermicelli. After Arnold and Gerald manage to steal the key, Big Bob, having read the fine print of his contract, finds that Scheck had taken control of 51% of his company in exchange for the right to build his beeper emporium. He confronts Vermicelli and the two of them fight, with Vermicelli winning. Vermicelli then realizes that the key is gone and alerts Scheck. Meanwhile, Phil and the men at the boarding house are trying to develop a backup plan just in case Arnold fails to get the document. They have several ideas, but fight on their weaknesses. However, Phil develops an ingenious plan: they will wire the Storm drain tunnels beneath their street with dynamite. Igniting the dynamite will blow a huge hole in the ground, disrupting Future Tech Industries and its workers from trying to demolish the town. Arnold and Gerald then infiltrate FTi Headquarters and locate the vault, but the document is missing. Scheck appears from behind them with the document in his hand. He reveals that his ancestor, who was the leader of the British forces, was humiliated by the Tomato Incident. For generations, Scheck\'s family had been planning on regaining control of the city and getting revenge against the boarders. To start off, Scheck burns the document to ensure that his plans will go without question, much to Arnold and Gerald\'s dismay. Scheck then calls his bodyguards to arrest Arnold and Gerald, but they manage to escape and split up. Arnold then remembers that Scheck has cameras everywhere and manages to get a video of Scheck burning the document pertaining its contents. However, security forces arrive, forcing Arnold to hide on the roof. He is then contacted by Deep Voice, who is then revealed to be Helga, who confesses her romantic feelings for Arnold. They escape the building and meet Gerald on a city bus. The bus driver, Murray, is unwilling to increase the bus\'s speed until he realizes that his girlfriend Mona lives near Arnold’s neighborhood and that she would also be evicted by FTi. Back in the neighborhood, Phil and the gang are waiting with their explosives for FTi to begin demolishing the neighborhood, but Big Bob, who was in the area, discovers their plan. Although Big Bob states the gang could do some serious jail time for such a radical plan, he decides to help them out with it because of Scheck and Vermicelli\'s betrayal against him. Despite the attempts of Vermicelli’s workers to delay them of getting back to the neighborhood, Murray  and the kids make it. Back in the neighborhood, Grandma Gertie  hijacks one of the demolition team\'s bulldozers and destroys the rest. Soon, the hijacked bulldozer and the city bus that Arnold and the kids are on are set to collide. Gertie escapes before they hit, and the kids and Murray materialize unharmed as well. Mayor Dixie arrives to the scene and Bridget gives Arnold a VCR to show a recording of Scheck burning the crucial document. Bridget connects the VCR to the big FTi screen, and Arnold explains the images to Mayor Dixie, who then declares the neighborhood a National Historic Landmark, much to everyone\'s delight. Eventually, Scheck arrives, demanding his workers to demolish the neighborhood, but they refuse, angrily pointing to the incriminating evidence shown on the screen. Phil and the enraged citizens then gang around Scheck, who then tries to escape in his car, but Gertie has stripped his car of its wheels. Scheck is arrested and taken to prison, swearing vengenace on Arnold, Gerald, and Helga for foiling his plans. Following Scheck\'s arrest, Vermicelli attempts to escape, only to be punched in the face by Big Bob for his betrayal. Arnold’s neighbor Harold, who was woken up by an attempt by Vermicelli\'s men to delay Arnold\'s group, sits down on the activation device that ignites Phil’s explosives by accident. The explosives beneath the streets ignite, destroying only the FTi billboard. Phil and the boarders run away from the police as Helga talks to Arnold. She denies having loved him and runs cheerfully as Eugene sings a song about the neighborhood being saved while restoration work at the neighborhood begins.'] ["Set in the country of South Africa, the story begins with a cheetah cub being orphaned after his mother was killed by lions. The cub is found on the side of the road by a young boy named Xan  and his father Peter . Initially reluctant to take in a wild animal, Peter agrees to let Xan take care of the cub. They name him “Duma”, the Swahili name for “cheetah”. Over the years, Duma becomes a part of the family, being closely raised by Xan. As he nears adulthood, Peter and Xan decide to teach Duma how to run by having him chase alongside Peter’s motorcycle, which can barely keep up with him. But with Duma almost fully grown, to Xan’s dismay, his father tells him that it is time to take his friend to his real home before he grows too old to survive in his native habitat. His father says to Xan, “Duma has to live the life he was born to – or he’ll never be fully alive.” Xan reluctantly agrees, but their plans must be put on hold when his father suddenly falls ill and dies and Xan and his mother  must move to Johannesburg. Duma comes with them, which wreaks havoc on their life in the city. Xan’s aunt is terrified of Duma, who likes to sneak up and surprise her, and when Duma escapes and pays a disastrous visit to Xan’s school, the two of them must flee the city to keep Duma from being put into captivity. Not knowing where to go, Xan gets an idea – he’ll carry out the plan his dad had outlined, taking Duma home in the neighbouring country of Botswana, over the scorching Makgadikgadi Salt Pans, through the Okavango Delta and into the Erongo Mountains. Xan begins to drive to his destination in his father’s old motorcycle, with Duma in the sidecar. After running out of fuel and water in the grasslands, they find some shade underneath a crashed airplane. There, they are confronted by Ripkuna , a mysterious drifter on a journey of his own. While Xan isn’t at all that sure he can trust Rip, he agrees to go with him. Xan manages to turn the immobile motorcycle into a desert sailboat out of a parachute from the plane wreck, and Xan, Rip and Duma are on their way again, until they encounter the untraversable scrub brush of the Kalahari Desert and must abandon the motorcycle. While trying to find shelter, Rip is trapped in an abandoned diamond mine by a cave in, and Xan decides to leave him, as he suspects that he has been leading him to town instead of the jungle to sell Duma and collect a reward for finding him. However, when Duma is caught in a trap and Xan is knocked unconscious by a boar, Rip rescues both of them, having escaped the mine through a ventilation shaft. Soon, they reach the Okavango Delta, where Xan is set upon by the deadly wildlife and the churning rapids of the Thamalakane River, but it’s too late for him to turn back now. Xan, Rip and Duma press through the Okavango, and finally the Erongo Mountains, on the border of Botswana and Namibia are in sight. However, once they get there, Xan is suddenly set upon by a swarm of tsetse flies. To protect him from their lethal bite, Rip huddles over Xan and is bitten by hundreds of flies. He soon develops sleeping sickness, and Xan takes him to a nearby village where he can be cared for. Later that night, outside the village, Duma is out on his own and starts calling out into the mountains. Duma finds another cheetah calling to him, and they bond rather quickly. It is never explained whether this is another male cheetah, or is in fact one of Duma's siblings. Xan hears this activity, and realizes that this is where he and Duma must part. Xan says goodbye to Duma, and Duma comes to Xan and says a final goodbye, and goes back to play with his new friend. Then Xan goes back to the village to Rip. Before the credits, it shows Xan being reunited with his mother and the film ends."] ['{{Plot}} The movie opens showing super star Eddie Tudor  on the red carpet at the premiere of one of his films. Tom Canty  watches it on TV and imitates Eddie , when his grandpa, \'Pop\' , calls him to get ready for school. At school, the principal asks what his ambition is in life, and, Tom replies he wants to be Eddie Tudor. The principal then advises him to join the acting classes . He has lived with Pop since his parents died, a couple of years earlier. From a young age, his ambition has been to become an actor, partly inspired by the stories of fame and appeal of acting conveyed to him by his neighbour and best friend, Miles  who is a former actor and who also happens to be the father of Eddie Tudor . Miles has known Tom since he was a little kid, when Miles moved to the area, after quitting showbiz and he often tells Tom about the times when he was a star, although not revealing much as to how he lost his fame. Now 14, the same age as Eddie Tudor whom he looks exactly like, he wishes that he really is Eddie and gets frustrated with his Pop\'s persistent pushing for Tom to forget about the acting, and telling him to do \'real work\', like helping him with his business, when Tom is not at school. He says he only pushes Tom because he cares about him. Miles, however, supports Tom with his acting ambition, but warns him that it is a tough business to get into and survive in. Meanwhile, Eddie Tudor is frustrated with his life and being told what to do all the time. He doesn’t seem so interested in acting and can’t understand why his single mom  pushes him so hard to stick at it. He longs for some freedom and to be able to be a normal kid. Not appreciating what he has, he constantly goofs off on set and unknown to him, he is about to be dropped from the production that they have recently started filming in Palm Beach, where Tom lives. When Tom hears about the production, he visits the lot where it is taking place, in the hope of meeting his idol, Eddie Tudor, and getting into the acting business. During a break from shooting, Tom  meets Eddie for the first time. Eddie, pleased to see another kid on set to hang out with, invites him into his trailer and the two talk and play Eddie\'s Xbox. Tom is thrilled to meet Eddie and see inside his trailer and be on a film set, also to play the Xbox, since Tom doesn’t have one at his Pop\'s house. Eddie says that his mom doesn’t care how much he plays the Xbox in his spare time, because she is so busy. Tom tells Eddie how lucky he is, in comparison to him, but he\'s a friend of the former actor, Milles. Eddie doesn’t seem impressed by this, though, having never heard of Milles or other actors that Tom speaks about. Tom notices that Eddie doesn’t seem to appear that interested in acting, choosing to concentrate mainly on his Xbox that he\'s playing. Tom then spots Eddie\'s suit which he wears on screen in the \'Spy Teen\' films and asks Eddie if he can try it on. Eddie, still engrossed in the game, replies "Sure, whatever". Eddie takes notice however, when he sees Tom in his suit and hairstyle, and realises that he & Tom are identical in appearance. He then puts on Tom\'s clothes and changes his appearance, and they are stunned to see how much they look alike. The Assistant Director of the film Eddie\'s shooting then comes into the trailer and, realising that he now has a chance for a bit of freedom away from filming, Eddie  says "Well, Eddie, it was great to meet you, but I best get going", leaving a startled Tom in his place, who will now have to act just like Eddie. The real Eddie meets Pop, who picked him up from the sidewalk that he was walking along. Thinking that he is Tom, Pop drives him home in his pick-up, lecturing him about why he should have come straight home from school. Eddie sees Tom\'s home and his bedroom, which has posters of Spy Teen and \'Miami Vice\', which Milles starred in, on the wall. The next day he and Pop go to work  where Eddie tells him that he\'s not Tom and explains what happened, realising that he\'s not having much fun or freedom planting trees with Pop, and a frustrated Pop starts thinking that \'Tom\' has gone mad. Meanwhile, the real Tom realises that fame isn’t everything it\'s portrayed to be as he has to cope with being ordered about by Eddie Tudor\'s mother and his agent and packing loads of filming and appearances into his day. At first, he faints with the shock of so quickly becoming Eddie and acting in a big movie, as he had for so long dreamed about. He is then accused of faking the faint by Eddie\'s agent and given a row by her and Eddie\'s mom for creating a fuss when they relocate to Miami, who dismiss his behavior as Eddie\'s usual playing-up and don’t listen to him when he tries to explain that he is just a normal kid who switched places with Eddie for a laugh, and that they are leaving Eddie behind in Palm Beach, as well as Tom\'s own life. He asks if they can go back, but is refused, so Tom adjusts to his sudden new life as Eddie and enjoys it and acts well as Eddie and the character that Eddie must play, but he misses Pop and Miles. Tom Canty proves to be a \'better Eddie than Eddie\', according to Elizabeth , the cute co-star of Eddie Tudor in the production they are shooting together. She gets along with Tom much better than Eddie, which is why she realises that the boy she is now working with can\'t be Eddie and demands to know who he is. Tom explains all to Elizabeth and the two become close as they keep up the pretense in front of everyone around them, including Eddie\'s mom and Jerry , whilst they figure out what to do. Elizabeth suggests that Tom phone home, so he does, explaining all and knowing that he will be in trouble if his pop believes him. As the days pass by, both Tom and Eddie try to tell people that they are not who everyone thinks they are. All Tom can now do is hope that his Pop comes to pick him up, whilst Eddie, upon realising that the production has moved to Miami, decides to get to the film set himself. He hotwires his boat  after Miles takes the key from him and throws it into the water to stop who he thinks is Tom from running away from home. After he doesn’t get very far in the boat, Eddie has to be bailed out by Milles from the police station, and driven home to Pop who starts on Miles for interfering. Miles says he just cares about Tom and doesn’t want to see him going off the rails, but warns Pop that\'s what will happen if he keeps pushing him. Whilst they are arguing, Eddie jumps into Milles\' car and drives off in it. Pop and Milles follow him in Pop\'s truck, losing track of him when he stops at a roadside service station to buy a veggie burger meal. At the film set in Miami, Milles and Pop bluff their way in by saying that they are extras. They also ask if there has been a kid pretending to be Eddie Tudor trying to sneak in yet, to which the security guard replies, "No sir, not yet". Later, Eddie arrives and the guard says to him, "You must be pretending to be Eddie Tudor" and lets him in. Once on the set, he spots Tom and confronts him, yelling "Your dead, punk!" and they have a brawl with Eddie ranting "You took my identity!", Tom responds with "It wasn’t my fault-They switched location!". Eventually, all calms down and everyone finds out who is who and what has happened. Eddie tells his mom that he now realises that she only pushes him because she cares, to which she says "That\'s right", and she also reunites with Miles, whom she used to date before Eddie was born, while he was still in the business-before he went off on his own, which he tells her was because he didn’t like the person he had become, not because he disliked her or acting. She understands and reveals to him that Eddie is his son.. The movie ends with Eddie and Miles getting to know each other for real, as father and son, and, Miles and Eddie\'s mom hinting to each other about getting back together. All remain friends with Tom and he is taken on by Jerry to have his own acting career, starting with a production of Mark Twain\'s Prince and the Pauper with Eddie. "We were going to use twins, but I think Tom and Eddie would be great" said Jerry. "They sure fooled all of us". Pop asks Tom if that is definitely what he would like to do and after hearing the excited reply finally gives his approval and blessing to Tom. Milles tells Eddie that he is a lot younger than he was when he first started acting and says that the most important thing he learned was to be gracious and treat people with respect. He asks if Eddie can do that, to which he replies, "I will now!" and he does, just insulting Elizabeth jokingly at the filming of Prince and the Pauper, which she does back. They film with Tom, whilst Milles is now trying his hand at directing, with Eddie\'s mom producing and Jerry  and Pop looking on. The end credits then begin, whilst the final shot shows of Eddie and Tom chilling together and with Miles barbecuing in a garden and everyone looks happy as Milles plays football with Tom, and his lookalike that he\'s known for much less time but who is really his son, Eddie, proud that the boys are following in his footsteps as actors and knows that they will not make the mistakes that he did after everything that they learned in their fun adventure: A Modern Twain Story: The Prince and the Pauper.'] [' In present-day 1988, Whopper is taking his niece and nephew to the museum. Along the way, he tells them the origin of Puppy Power, the ability of humankind to understand the Pound Puppies and Purries. In the Dark Ages , a young boy named Arthur and his dog Digalot came across a stone which contained both the mythical sword Excalibur and the magical Bone of Scone. While Arthur pulled the sword from the stone, Arthur’s dog Digalot pulled the Bone of Scone from the same stone, and soon afterward Arthur discovered that the dog could talk. Sir McNasty, who had witnessed the withdrawal of Excalibur and the Bone and Arthur\'s coronation as King of England, planned to conquer the world by retrieving the Bone. However, it was kept hidden by the giant guardian, Big Paw. Whopper\'s story continues in 1959, when the town museum exhibits the Bone of Scone in honor of its 1,000-year anniversary. The Puppies and Purries, along with teenagers Tammy and Jeff, will be holding an Adoption Bazaar the following day. The Pound Puppies, led by Cooler, visit the exhibit, where Whopper, then a pup, and Bright Eyes, a cheerleader, stray away from the group. Unknown to them, Marvin McNasty is inside plotting his domination. Some moments later, a nurse called Florence tells the Puppies and teenagers that Collette is having Puplings. They rush out of the exhibit, along with the Purries, Hairball and his girlfriend, Charlamange, in order to see them all. But after Collette and the rest bless them in song, McNasty comes to the Pound to adopt four other young dogs in advance. Whopper and the new mother worry about his namesake and stingy attitude. Before McNasty can have the pups, Tammy and Jeff inform him, he has to sign adoption papers. He soon does so and quickly goes off. A suspicious Whopper goes after him over Collette\'s objections. Whopper follows him to his truck near the museum, in which his henchmen, Lumpy and Bones, are eating sandwiches. The pup finds out what McNasty is going to do with the four puppies. With his Mean Machine, McNasty will transform them and the rest of the Pound into vicious guard dogs. Whopper goes and tells Cooler, but Cooler does not take him seriously. Disguised as janitors, Lumpy and Bones enter the museum and suck up the Bone with a vacuum cleaner. The Bone goes through a complicated series of contraptions, and Lumpy smashes it on Bones\' head. With the henchmen in pursuit, Whopper runs back to the Pound with one half of the Bone. However, the henchmen catch Whopper and Collette and return to their boss. Meanwhile, the Bone has lost its magic, and with neither Puppies or humans able to communicate, the Adoption Bazaar will have to be canceled. Cooler tells Howler to tell all of the town dogs that two dogs have been kidnapped and taken to the nearby woods, where McNasty operates. The Pound Puppies, and Purries, set off to rescue them. Soon, Collette and Whopper escape from their cage inside McNasty\'s laboratory, and briefly reunite with the rest of the Puppies. However, Lumpy and Bones snatch them back. The Puppies give chase, but nearly all of them end up in a rat-infested cave, hanging on a rope, before the Purries pull them up to safety. The Puppies and Purries continue looking for their friends. When they get caught in a patch of mire, they are saved by the legendary Big Paw, who agrees to find the Bone with them. Later, McNasty\'s henchmen transform the Puppies into guard dogs, save for Cooler. Big Paw brings him and the Purries back to town to stop the evil trio, as the trio\'s truck heads to the Pound. At the exhibit, Lumpy and Bones help crown Marvin. As they glue back the Bone together, "Puppy Power" returns, and Cooler can finally understand Tammy and Jeff. They head back to the museum to chase off McNasty via a tunnel that Big Paw has dug up, followed by the transformed Puppies. While encaged in a dinosaur exhibit, Cooler and Big Paw see one of Collette\'s Puplings tell her "I love you". Thus, she is changed back to good, and Cooler whispers the same thing to his friend Reflex, whose kisses bring the other Puppies back to normal. Big Paw and Cooler chase McNasty and his henchmen all over town and eventually back to the museum and their Mean Machine, which turns them into good men. A moment later, Big Paw and Nose Marie finally get back the Bone of Scone. The next day, a reformed Marvin, Lumpy and Bones go to the Pound and celebrate the Adoption Bazaar along with the Puppies, Purries, Tammy and Jeff. As soon as the story ends, Whopper and his niece and nephew Puplings find themselves in the museum. The Bone of Scone has returned for another visit, and Whopper introduces Big Paw as a little surprise for the young ones, who did not believe before that he was real. As long as he is here to protect the Bone, Whopper says, Puppy Power will never be lost again.'] ["Ann, a widowed model , has a date with her old friend Larry , who is an engineer just returned from working in South America. Ann has a seven-year-old daughter, Peggy , who has mixed feelings about her mother's relationship.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-04-18 |workTurner Classic Movies }} The three visit the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park, and Larry buys Peggy a toy boat to win her friendship, while at the same time wooing her mother. Larry and Ann visit other places in New York with and without Peggy, and it soon becomes apparent that they have fallen in love. Peggy begins to like Larry but grows petulant, and repeatedly tries to disrupt her mother's romance. When they get home, Peggy claims that Larry was impatient, fed her bad food and hit her when she stumbled. Ann cancels her plans to join Larry for an important dinner with his boss that night. He denies that and leaves angrily. Ann and Larry do not talk for a few days, but begin to miss each other. Larry buys a puppy for Peggy, and they reconcile."] ['In the 19th Century Missouri, a troll, named Trantor, is responsible for kidnapping children and turning them into wooden dolls is captured by the townsfolk led by Phineas Worrell who binds the troll under the roots of a great oak tree. But before they can complete the ritual, Trantor casts a curse on the townsfolk that he will return and once he has captured five children, his children will be born from that very tree and overrun humanity. He also curses Phineas that each generation of Worrells would be born less and less intelligent so not to thwart his next attempt. The film then fast forwards to the 20th century, nearly one hundred years later where the legend of Trantor is being told by a girl named Elizabeth, but the story is dismissed as a folklore and fiction. Meanwhile, Ernest P. Worrell  works as a sanitation engineer for the town and is close friends with Elizabeth and her two friends Joey and Kenny, the son of the town sheriff. After their haunted clubhouse is ruined by the Mayor\'s two bullying sons, Ernest promises to find them a better place to build one shortly before he is ordered to clear the land of Old Lady Hackmore  but he is frightened off by her, and when running through her land, he comes across a gigantic tree, which he and the kids decide to turn into a treehouse. Unbeknownst to them that it is the same tree under which Trantor is buried, and when Ernest accidentally incites the incantation to summon Trantor, he releases the troll. Unable to get help from Sheriff Binder, Ernest goes to Old Lady Hackmore for help while Joey falls victim to Trantor. The next day, Joey\'s disappearance concerns Kenny and Elizabeth while Tom and Bobby Tulip, claiming to be the only two to believe Ernest\'s warnings of a troll take advantage of him by selling him fake troll-trapping devices, many of which backfire. One of them traps the Mayor\'s sons in a dumpster which results in his immediate firing. Meanwhile, Trantor captures a skateboarder, and later that night Elizabeth who finds Trantor had invaded her bedroom. While trick or treating, Kenny is lured away from a friend by hearing Elizabeth\'s voice and his friend is taken as the fourth victim. Ernest then learns through a book that Old Lady Hackmore has that two things can destroy Trantor; "The heart of a child." and "A mother\'s care." an inscription of MI_K is Ernest\'s only clue which he thinks is "Miak" but he later learns it\'s milk. And Hackmore learns that "A mother\'s care" is unconditional love. They arrive too late for Trantor to attack and capture the Mayor\'s youngest son as his final wooden doll, and out of spite, transforms Rimshot as well. Kenny realizes Trantor\'s weakness, and gathers the mayor\'s other son and a group of the neighborhood kids to fight Trantor with milk. They are too late to stop Trantor\'s pods from hitting the ground and giving birth to his children who attack the townsfolk. Kenny and the others launch a defensive and manage to destroy all of the trolls except for Trantor who becomes too powerful to be affected by milk. He turns Kenny into a wooden doll and faces Ernest, who realizes that the only weapon that will affect Trantor is the heart of a child and he showers Trantor in love and affection, dancing with him and giving him a kiss on the nose. This overload of affection causes Trantor\'s head to explode and disintegrate, and the people of the town celebrate and congratulate Ernest; to their joy, Trantor\'s spell is broken on the children he had taken, the five from that night as well as four children from the 19th century including Hackmore\'s sister who reunites with her now-older sister. Ernest bouts in depression, wondering if he\'d get anything out of saving the town and everyone\'s lives when Rimshot comes running and leaping into his arms, making it a happy night for everyone.'] ["Several months after becoming Buddy's legal owner, Josh Framm , now a teenager, becomes angry when his mother, Jackie, begins dating Patrick Sullivan, the town's new veterinarian after a couple of failed dates. It all starts when Sullivan innocently tosses Josh's basketball-savvy dog, Buddy, a football one day, and he discovers that Buddy also has an uncanny ability to play the sport of football. Soon enough, Buddy begins playing on Josh's Junior High football team. Meanwhile, two Russian siblings by the names of Natalya and Popov kidnap Buddy in hopes of having him perform as the special attraction in the Russian circus while Josh runs away when Patrick proposes to his mother. His coach finds him and convinces him that just because Patrick is in his life now, he doesn't have to stop loving his father and he returns home, but Patrick is gone and Buddy is missing. The Timberwolves are forced to play the final game without Buddy and are unable to win. Buddy and the other animals manage to escape and Natalya and Popov are placed into the custody of the Russian embassy after their van falls into a lake following a chase sequence. Meanwhile, Patrick finds Buddy and takes him to the game. With the help of Buddy, the team catches up, but Buddy is tackled and taken out of the game. The Timeberwolves are forced to finish the game without him and thanks to Josh and Tommy, they win. Later, Josh stops Patrick from leaving and convinces him to stay. The family later goes to a football game and Buddy sneaks onto the field."] ["When Kevin  looks for a way to escape his back-breaking summer job, he enlists in the kitchen at an extreme summer camp with the hopes of spending his breaks on the half-pipe. But Kevin gets more than he bargained for when he teams up with his fellow extreme skateboarder dishwashers, The Dishdogz. He'll have to be more radical than the competition and win the heart of the girl  if he's going to keep up with his new crew. But before he does, he'll have to get all his work done, if he's to avoid a thrashing from his surly boss Tony , who's hiding a secret that's truly old school. In the end he learns the true meaning of skateboarding and how to never give up."] ['Stella Blackstone  and her best friend Albert  are twelve year-olds with ambitious intentions of creating an extremely spooky Halloween house. While checking for hints online they open up a web link that opens a doorway through which an annoying ghost  leaves his world and enters theirs. They find they must help this ghost resolve his problems or put up with him forever.'] [" The film comes accompanied by a short mini-movie featuring Pikachu. In this mini-movie, Pikachu and his friends are left on a skyscraper in Big City by their trainers, who go off to prepare an unknown surprise for the Pokémon. Pikachu meets the Pichu Brothers, saving the younger one from falling off an opposite building. A group of Murkrow chase Pikachu off a flagpole, and he uses a group of Hoppip to reach the other side, sending Meowth who is window-cleaning, flying into a billboard. The Pichu Bros. assist Pikachu to return to his friends but they end up going on a journey across the city to the Pichu Bros' playground. On the way, they get chased by a Houndour who they later encounter again. The angry Houndour chases the three around until he nearly knocks the playground over. Pikachu, the Pichu Bros., Houndour and their assortment of friends manage to save the playground. Pikachu realizes it is nearly six o'clock and he must return to his friends before Ash, his trainer, does. Pikachu and the Pichu Bros. use a tire to get to the building, sending Meowth flying again. The three arrive in the nick of time, the Pichu Brothers departing. Ash, Misty and Brock arrive and take the Pokémon into a room where a party has been laid out for them in celebration of the first anniversary of Ash and Pikachu's meeting.  The feature film focuses on the beautiful town of Greenfield. A resident of the town, the research scientist Professor Spencer Hale, conducts research on the elusive Unown. He and his assistant, Skyler, discover a site of ruins, but Hale is sucked into the dimension of the Unown. His disappearance leaves his young daughter Molly alone, her mother having disappeared previously. Molly finds a box of tablets containing Unown images and begins assembling the letters, which summons the Unown themselves. The Unown use their powers to make Molly's wishes come true, transforming her manor house into a crystal-like palace which spreads across the town and cuts her off from the world. Entei is created to represent Molly's father. Various people come to help sort out the Unown, including Professor Oak and Delia Ketchum . Meanwhile, Ash and his friends meet and befriend a trainer named Lisa and come into Greenfield in the process and agree to join in the rescue mission to save young Molly. However, Entei kidnaps Delia, following Molly's request for a mother as well. Through Entei's powers, Delia is hypnotized into thinking she is Molly's mother. Ash, Misty, Brock and their Pokémon head out to the mansion to save Delia, communicating with Professor Oak and Skyler thanks to a PokéGear device given to them by Lisa. Team Rocket try to investigate the mansion, only to be blasted out of the air by Entei into the depths of the mansion. Molly watches Ash and the others through a television and falls asleep, imagining herself being a Pokémon Trainer. Entei then creates a dream version of Molly as an adult and takes her to battle the three. She first fights Brock, but her dreamed-up Pokémon are stronger than his; she then has a more friendly fight against Misty in an underwater battle, but the winner is not shown. Ash manages to locate Molly and Delia, but Molly refuses to leave with him and the mansion transforms. Entei refuses to allow Ash to leave with his mother, and fights his Pokémon. He then blasts Ash and Pikachu off a cliff, but they are saved by the arrival of Ash's Charizard. Charizard, with Ash on his back, battles Entei until he is knocked out of the sky. Entei nearly kills Charizard until Molly commands him to stop and begs that no more fighting happens, which manages to stop Entei. Ash and his friends convince Molly to leave with them, Entei revealing he was created by the Unown to be her father. The Unown suddenly lose control of their powers and start to seal the group in the mansion. Ash, Pikachu, Charizard, Misty, Brock, Delia, Molly and Team Rocket escape down to the hall where the Unown are. Pikachu and Charizard attempt to break the forcefield protecting the Unown, but they are unsuccessful—until they are joined by Entei, combining their powers to destroy the shield with Molly's support. Entei sacrifices himself and the Unown return to their dimension, reversing all of their effects on the world and returning Professor Hale to the ruins where he originally vanished. The group ventures outside, where Professor Oak, Skyler, Lisa and others meet them. Team Rocket hides in the mansion upon seeing all of the police outside and vow they will succeed or fail in their next scheme. In the end credits, Charizard and Lisa depart from Ash's company, and Molly is seen with her own Teddiursa and reunites with her father—and later, with her mother."] ['Two days before Christmas, Christopher Robin writes out a letter to Santa Claus for him and his friends in the Hundred Acre Wood, asking for the following presents: * Rabbit wants a new fly swatter to use against the bugs who constantly invade his garden * Eeyore wants an umbrella to prevent snow from falling on his house * Tigger wants a snowshoe so he can bounce in the snow * Christopher Robin wants a sled "big enough for me and maybe a friend or two" * Piglet said Santa Claus could bring whatever he wanted. He sends the letter off into the wind, but the next day , Winnie the Pooh realizes, after Piglet informs him, that he did not ask for anything himself, so they go find the letter, which has not gotten very far. Afterwards, they, along with Tigger and Eeyore, go to Rabbit\'s house and rewrite the letter to include what Pooh wants . Along the way, though, they become greedy and start upgrading their desires . Following this, Tigger, Eeyore, and Rabbit go off to get a tree big enough for "the stuff we\'re gettin\'", with help from a reluctant Gopher . In the meantime, Pooh and Piglet go back to the point where Christopher Robin sent the letter and cast it off into the wind again. But the wind shifts southward, and the letter follows Pooh all the way to his house. Knowing that the rest of the gang will not get their presents as a result of this, Pooh takes it into his  hand to make sure the gifts are delivered. Disguised as Santa, Pooh sneaks out and delivers Tigger, Rabbit, and Eeyore a super-bouncer barrel, a bug sprayer, and a mobile home, respectively - or rather, handmade versions of said items that break apart upon use. Demanding to know what is going on, the three of them corner "Santa", who insists that he is who he claims to be. But then, Piglet  slips and makes his sled fall downhill, thus loosening Pooh\'s disguise. After explaining what happened, Pooh decides to try to deliver the letter to Santa by himself, leaving the rest of the gang behind to wait up for him. He does not get far, though, as the wind suddenly takes the letter, so he gives up and goes back to the gang. Even after he tells them that he failed in bringing the letter, though, they are happy to have him back, because they have realized what Christmas is really about. Afterwards, Christopher Robin shows up on his new sled and brings them the gifts they had originally asked for. Everyone is happy except Pooh. But then giving Christopher Robin a hug he gets very happy.'] ["{{Expand section}} Millionaire animal lover and overall spoiled rich girl Trudy  adds the title animal, a gorilla, to her family. The ape named Buddy finds life in the city very difficult to deal with. Although Trudy raises him as her own son in her mansion , he becomes hard to control due to his strength. A particularly bad experience in the Chicago World's Fair makes things even harder for Buddy. After he goes on an aggressive rampage and nearly destroys Trudy's home, Buddy is taken to an ape sanctuary to live among his own kind in peace."] ['{{plot}} The movie follows the story of Buddy and Molly\'s offspring in Washington. After saying goodbye to their owners one morning, the puppies decide to play hide-and-seek when Budderball finds an ice-cream truck. Rosebud spots her brother and follows him in an attempt to help. "Hilarity" ensues when Buddha finds them both in the truck and B-Dawg and Mud-Bud end up in the truck which is shipping to outside the town of Ferniuktuk, Alaska the Buddies meet Shasta, a young husky whose 11-year-old owner is determined to win the Alaskan sled dog race. Jean George is a very mean, irritable, cantankerous man with a bad temperament, and would readily take victory away from fellow competitors and possibly also hurt them if they try to get their victory back. The puppies take a vote to help a grateful Shasta to pursue his dreams. Unfortunately, as Shasta has no parents, this puts the puppies in a predicament as there is nobody to teach them how to become snow dogs and the local population of older puppies sneers at the thought of them learning how. Luckily, they find Talon, his father\'s mentor, in the mountains. Although initially reluctant, Shasta manages to persuade Talon into teaching the uncanny puppies into becoming his new protégés by reminding him that "It\'s not the size of the dog that counts but the heart of the team". When Shasta introduces his owner, Adam, to his new sleigh team, the child is delighted at the prospect of his dreams coming true and the team pursue vigorous training routines often to comedic effect. Adam begins building a new sleigh with his team of hard-working puppies. Talon proudly watches as the team\'s efforts come to fruition and it seems as though they are cooperating as a team. The older town huskies, however, are not impressed and begin to plan their downfall. They reveal to the Buddies that Shasta\'s parents died when the ice beneath them shattered to dishearten them. Back in Washington, Buddy and Molly find Budderball\'s toy American football on the back of the ice-cream truck and proceed to take the same route the puppies did to Alaska. Talon calls the puppies to the mountain lake one night to view the Northern Lights before he departs telling Shasta that he knows all he needs to know and that he can become the great leader that his father was. The following morning, the puppies enter the race with Adam, gaining the respect of every racer there except Jean George. After being reminded by how treacherous the race is by the sheriff, the puppies begin their trek. Meanwhile, Buddy and Molly go looking for the puppies in Alaska where the rescue dog Bernie informs them of their participation in the race and, without further hesitation, the trio try to find the puppies. Adam\'s father also begins looking for his son. The team manage to make it to the midway checkpoint without much difficulty. The sheriff finally checks his email and finds out that the puppies in his town are actually the missing puppies from Washington. The snowstorm becomes more and more dangerous as Adam\'s father gets snowed in and Adam\'s main competitor and owner of the rival snow dogs begins cheating by sabotaging the competing sleds. Adam and the team take shelter in an igloo provided by an Inuit until the storm subsides. They come head to head with their opponent, Jean George, and Adam gets injured. Adam then recovers. Jean George\'s dogs, the bullies from earlier get into trouble when the ice beneath them shatters. Jean George continues and abandons his dogs while Adam and the puppies begin a rescue operation despite Shasta\'s fears of his parents\' deaths. The puppies pull the dogs out of the icy waters and Jean George continues the race without any gratitude and abandons their rescuers. Budderball can\'t believe that Jean George would abandon them, and he describes Jean George\'s actions as betrayal. Budderball angrily describes him as an obnoxious, dirty freak. Rosebud says that she and the rest of the Buddies must be betrayal-free, and that her team continue the race without giving up. Buddha confidently emphasizes their speed and endurance, and Budderball confidently emphasizes their strength. Jean George\'s dogs realize they owe nothing to their owner and everything to Shasta and the Buddies, and so, slow down causing Jean George to lose the race. Adam is victorious and the Buddies reunite with Buddy and Molly. Jean George gives out to his dogs and they respond in kind by chasing him around the Arctic. All seven Buddies return home via airplane. They land and live happily ever after.'] ['The evil Lord Licorice starts to take over Candy Land, assisted by his Bites, changing it from a brightly colored happy kingdom to a somber, drab-hued place. Gingerbread boy Jib is traveling the Rainbow Road to the annual Sweet Celebration. He enlists his friends Mister Mint and Princess Frostine to save Candy Land from a drab fate. Together with other Candy Land characters they outwit Lord Licorice and restore Candy Land to its colorful self.'] ['Grandpa George tells a story about Wally P. Nezzer, the owner of a toy company, who is spreading the word via television commercial that the meaning of Christmas is to get more and more toys. After seeing this, the Dinkletown kids were whining about wanting more toys. He explains to his assistant  that this is a strategy to create demand for his toys in order to boost sales. The toy in question is called “Buzz-Saw Louie,” the only toy featuring an actual working buzz saw built into his right arm. On Christmas Eve, while most of the Veggie children are filled with a mad desire for the new toy, Larry, Bob, and Junior go sledding. They happen upon a lone Buzz-Saw Louie toy that has questioned Mr. Nezzer’s values and escaped the factory to find the true meaning of Christmas. Bob suggests that they go see Grandpa George. George reads the Gospel according to Luke Chapter 2: verses 8-14 in the Contemporary English Version which is as follows: "That night in the fields near Bethlehem, some shepherds were guarding their sheep. All at once an angel came down to them from the Lord and the brightness of the Lord\'s glory flashed around them. The shepherds were frightened. But the angel said, \'Don\'t be afraid! I have good news for you which will make everyone happy. This very day in King David\'s hometown, a Savior was born for you. He is Christ the Lord. You will know who he is because you will find him dressed in baby clothes and lying on a bed of hay.\' Suddenly many other angels came down from heaven and joined in praising God They said, \'Praise God in heaven! Peace on earth to everyone who pleases God.\'" In this, George explains to them that the true meaning of Christmas is not to get, but to give, the way God gave us Jesus, the greatest gift of all. The children are heartened by the news, but puzzle about how to tell the rest of the Veggies before Christmas Day. The story is interrupted by a Silly Song entitled "Oh Santa!" Larry is staying up late awaiting the arrival of Santa Claus, eager to give him some home-made cookies. Instead of Santa, however, he is visited first by a bank robber , then by a Viking , and finally by an agent of the IRS . They all take refuge is his home and eat his cookies . Santa  finally shows up, but rather than being jolly he angrily chases after Scallion #1 and Pa Grape for stealing his "Belt" and "Hat." Larry is left without any cookies, and no Santa or friends. Returning to the story, the characters\' solution is to sneak into Mr. Nezzer’s toy factory and use his television studio to broadcast the message to all the surrounding towns. The plan is a huge success, except that Mr. Nezzer finds them out and threatens to get rid of them. He ties them to a sled and is about to send them downhill into a deep ravine when the other Veggie families intervene. Laura Carrot shows him kindness by giving him a gift, and he quickly repents the errors of his ways. However, the sled with Bob, Larry, Junior, and Louie is accidentally sent on its fateful course in the process but the Dinkletown kids were begging for more toys. A chase scene ensues in which Mr. Nezzer and a half dozen Penguins attempt to save the doomed Veggies. The tables turn, however, when Buzz-Saw Louie is able to divert the sled’s course, leaving Mr. Nezzer alone racing toward the ravine. Louie again springs into action, using his buzz-saw to rally the Penguins and save Mr. Nezzer just as he is about to plummet to certain death. Then, Buzz-Saw Louie puts the buzz-saw for good use making furniture and the show ends. It was edited from the TV version due to the show\'s length only for thirty minutes.'] ['When David Seville goes off to Europe on a business trip, the Chipmunks, Alvin, Simon, and Theodore are left at home with their babysitter, Miss Miller - much to the dismay of Alvin, who dreams of world travel. While the three are playing an arcade game of Around the World in Thirty Days with the Chipettes, Alvin and Brittany argue over which would win an actual race around the world. Diamond smugglers Klaus and Claudia Vorstein overhear the conversation and approach the children, telling them that they will provide them with the means for a real race around the world by hot air balloon, with the winner receiving $100,000. After tricking Miss Miller, the Chipmunks and Chipettes meet at the Vorstein\'s mansion, where they are told the rules: each team is given a separate route to follow, along with a chest of dolls, made in their own likenesses, which they are required to drop off to verify that they have visited all checkpoints. Upon dropping off one of their own dolls, they will receive a doll made in the likeness of the opposing team. In reality, the dolls being dropped off are filled with diamonds, and the dolls received are filled with cash, given to them by the buyers. Both teams begin their travels; while the Chipmunks go to Mexico City, the Chipettes are caught in a hurricane. Unknown to both teams, however, they are being trailed by two INTERPOL agents, sent by Inspector Jamal, who was informed by Klaus and Claudia\'s butler, Mario, of the Vorstein\'s operation. The agents silently follow behind as the Chipmunks and Chipettes travel to many exotic locations. Both teams meet up in Athens, where Alvin and Brittany begin bickering, each claiming they can "out-rock and roll" the other, with Dave and the two INTERPOL agents nearly spotting them. The Chipettes then travel on to Egypt, where they are captured and brought to a young Arabian prince. The prince falls in love with Brittany and, oblivious to the diamond smuggling, agrees to return the valuable dolls to Jamal but declares that he is keeping the girls, and making Brittany his bride. Despite being showered with gifts, including a baby penguin, the Chipettes are desperate to make an escape. Still unaware of the contents of their dolls, they secretly try to retrieve them - only to find them guarded by snakes. Brittany and Jeanette "charm" the snakes by singing "Getting Lucky", then grab the dolls and escape just as Eleanor arrives carrying a small cooler. Meanwhile, the Chipmunks are camping in a jungle near a native village while taking a shortcut. Theodore senses something is wrong; Simon and Alvin don\'t believe him. Upon waking up the next morning, they find Theodore missing. While trying to find him, Alvin and Simon are taken captive by some local natives. They soon learn that Theodore is being worshiped as the natives\' "Prince of Plenty". Alvin and Simon are quickly forced to wear loincloths and are made into Theodore\'s personal servants. Meanwhile, the Chipettes learn that Eleanor\'s cooler contains not only food, but the baby penguin, whom Eleanor feels needs to be returned to its parents in Antarctica. The girls soon decide to head to Antarctica and sing the song "My Mother". However, Claudia is alerted to the girls\' actions by her henchmen, and concludes that they must have discovered the diamonds and are trying to make off with them. She orders her henchmen to get the dolls back. As the girls deliver the penguin to its parents, they are attacked by Claudia\'s henchmen. The Chipettes wrestle with the men as they attempt to steal the dolls, and a doll tears as the henchman falls from the balloon. Grateful to the Chipettes, the penguins snowball the henchmen into submission as the girls escape. They then notice the torn Chipette doll lying on the floor of the balloon; Jeanette picks it up and diamonds fall out of it. Opening a Chipmunk doll, they find it full of dollar bills, and realize that the whole race was just a set-up to deliver the diamonds. Realizing that the Chipmunks are likely in danger as well, they head off to find them. Alvin and Simon, meanwhile, are forced to search a nearby cave for mushrooms, with Alvin growing increasingly fed-up with the situation. Inside the cave, they find a series of ideograms on the walls, which Simon is able to translate -thanks to his vast intellect. The ideograms tell of the Prince of Plenty being sacrificed on a full moon, which is tonight. Before long, all three Chipmunks are tied to stakes by the natives, hanging precariously above a pit full of crocodiles. In a desperate attempt to delay their own deaths, they sing "Wooly Bully", which pleases the natives and lasts just long enough for the Chipettes to rescue them. Together in the Chipettes\' balloon, the kids return to Los Angeles, where they are met at the airport by Klaus and Claudia. After a high energy chase through the baggage claim , the two groups are forced into a car under the false threat of Miss Miller\'s being kidnapped. Dave is arriving home to the airport at the same time, and hears Alvin\'s cries for help. Inspector Jamal runs up, identifying himself, and he and Dave begin to make chase. While it at first appears that Klaus and Claudia will escape, they are accidentally run off the road by Miss Miller, who was heading to the airport to pick up Dave. The diamond smugglers are arrested, and Brittany and Alvin argue over who really won the race, but Dave breaks up the argument and guides them to Miss Miller\'s car. Alvin tries to explain what happened, causing Dave to yell "ALVIN!" as the film ends.'] ['The movie tells the story of Scott Marshall , the son of two great superheroes, Bronze Eagle and Warrior Woman. All of his family members are gifted with superpowers. His father, Bronze Eagle ([[Robert Townsend , has the gift of flight. His mother, Warrior Woman , has the power of superhuman strength and superior hand-to-hand combat skills. His brother, Silver Charge, is gifted with superhuman speed, electrical and magnetism manipulation. His little sister, Molly , who constantly shows off her powers, much to her family\'s annoyance, has x-ray vision, as well a heat vision. His grandfather, Edward , is known as the "Steel Condor", and has the ability of superhuman strength, invulnerability and flight , and has an ongoing feud with Superman. It is said that his grandmother, Doris , has the ability to shapeshift. Scott desperately wants powers of his own. To his surprise, however, he doesn\'t develop any by his 14th birthday - the latest age at which this is possible. Meanwhile, a group of activists known as the "Earth Protectors" have been giving out CDs about the environment to Scott\'s classmates. But while the creator of the program, Nina , wants to use the CDs to help educate people about the environment, her partner, Malcolm ([[Kevin Connolly , sees the program as a means to brainwash the entire world into giving him whatever he wants. He tries, at first, to brainwash a bank\'s staff into giving him all the money, but since the program is specifically for children, when one of Malcolm\'s henchmen sneezes, the staff snaps out it. He then does the next best thing, by using the program to make the children steal their parents\' money and give it to him, thinking that it\'s just that night\'s homework. Fortunately, Scott\'s sister uses her x-ray vision to discover the money in his backpack. He tries to tell his parents that he didn\'t know he had stolen the money, but they are still suspicious. Malcolm continues to use the program for personal gain, by giving the kids chocolate cravings, making them all wear blue, etc. One day, after Scott is almost late for school due to being mesmerized by the software, Jim get suspicious about Earth Protectors and decides to take Adam with him to the bank so he can use his electrical powers to make the computer system bring back up the Earth Protectors program. Unfortunately, he gets over-excited at the thought that he could finally help his parents save the day that he overloads the computer\'s power supply, frying the system, destroying any information that they might have been able to recover. Meanwhile, Scott pretends to have superhuman strength and the ability to fly, so as not to disappoint his parents, who would be unhappy to learn that their son is normal. But he lets the success go to his head, because once the Earth Protectors program is fully developed so it will work just as well on adults as it does on children, Malcolm blows up their warehouse, with Nina inside. Scott tries to save her, but they both almost end up getting killed, but are saved by his father, who was told by his grandfather, who discovered Scott\'s ruse, that he is not super powered. They are safe, but Scott drops his mask in the process. Malcolm later finds it and matches it to Scott. Malcolm then sends a super strong version of the program to Scott during school, and has him tell him everything, about his family. Malcolm then sends a special version of the program to Scott\'s teacher, and tells her that she needs to give that disk to Scott. He also tells her that all the children\'s parents have to watch that night\'s lesson, with them. Scott almost brings the special disk home, but accidentally runs into a girl in his class, Amy , whom he secretly likes. They end up mixing up the disks, and instead Amy\'s mother  subconsciously robs a bank and goes to Earth Protectors\' new warehouse. After tying her up, they use her as bait to lure Scott\'s parents and brother to the warehouse. Once there, they capture them with aluminium foil, a superhero\'s only weakness. Scott, along with Amy and his best friend, Randy , head to the warehouse to save his family from being brainwashed by Malcolm into becoming super villains who will obey anything he says. When they get there, they are helped by Nina, who has become disgusted by Malcolm\'s antics. Nina tries to replace the bad disk with one of the good disks, but is stopped by one of Malcolm\'s henchmen. Scott has literally less than a second to stop the machine from permanently reprogramming his family. He uses a soccer ball to smash the main computer, stopping it with only milliseconds to spare. His family then easily defeats and captures the villains, and Silver Charge uses his powers to  burn away their memories of the heroes\' identities, by burning some of their brain cells. Also Amy admits she likes Scott and asks him to a dance, but Adam erases her memories of everything that happened. Scott manages to get his family to agree to let Randy keep his memories and everything returns to normal for the family. Amy doesn\'t seem to remember she liked Scott, and they go back to somewhat hating each other, although when it\'s time to pick a team captain for soccer she chooses Scott instead of herself, surprising him. He chooses her and they end up as co-captains, with Randy asking Scott about superpowers.'] ['Spy School is a movie about a boy named Thomas Miller, who has cultivated an infamous reputation at his school for telling tall tales or what some would call outrageous lies as a way of dealing with the divorce of his parents. No one believes anything he says anymore, not even his best friend Jackie Hoffman . He lives a normal life lying through school, getting in trouble with the principal frequently as a result, attempting to attract the attention of various girls, while ignoring the affection Jackie displays for him. When she overtly displays her romantic feelings for him by kissing him, he reacts indifferently, and she walks away, hurt. However, things take a turn for the worst when one day he overhears a dastardly plot to kidnap the President\'s daughter, upon her arrival at the school. Now, having spurned Jackie, and no one else believing in him, Thomas sets off to save the First Daughter. Thomas noticed a particular ringtone on the kidnapper\'s phone, and thus hears it several times as the newly arrived substitutes ringtone, a friendly janitor, and the principal of the school. He begins to see conspiracies everywhere, and with no one to turn to after spurning Jackie, sets off on his own. He hides in the back of the substitutes van to escape being grounded, then proceeds to infiltrate the school on the night of the dance, believing the principal to be the evil mastermind. Before he does, he goes to Jackie to make one last plea, and apologizes for hurting her. Seeing the truth in his words, she agrees to help him. However, they find several twists in who\'s friend or foe. They run through the school, searching for the mastermind before finally finding the true villain to be a rejected Secret Service Agent named Grissom, who had psychological problems. He captures them, and attempts to seal them away, but they escape. Thomas and Jackie head to the dance floor, enlisting the help of the now befriended substitute, who turned out to be a Secret Service Agent, and find Grissom just as he snags the President\'s daughter. Grissom drags her to the roof, and only Thomas is able to catch up to him. Grissom manages to capture Thomas too, and drags him onto the helicopter. Thomas\'s dad, upon realizing where Thomas is, drives his garbage truck right under the helicopter, and convince both of the children to jump, and they land safely in the back of the truck. Grissom is captured by the Secret Service. After everyone has left, Thomas walking the original girl of his dreams home for the night at Jackie\'s selfless urging, he returns to Jackie, and says "That you\'re the girl ." Thus, they walk off into the night to return tommorrow for Thomas Miller\'s celebratory dance as a hero.'] ['The movie begins at the North Pole with Santa Claus  and his dog Santa Paws  taking a look at the magical Christmas Icicle, which is melting because of nobody believing in Christmas anymore; if it continues to melt, Christmas will be gone forever. Puppy Paws  is the fun-loving son of Santa Paws who gets tired of the North Pole and finds Budderball  on Santa\'s naughty list for eating the Thanksgiving turkey and figures he\'s just the dog to show him how to be an ordinary puppy. The film then moves forward to Budderball and the other Buddies  in Fernfield, who also don\'t have any Christmas spirit, believe that their father is Santa Paws and that the naughty list is a way to scare them to behave. However, Sniffer  replies that Christmas is about giving and a holiday they must learn to respect. The Christmas Icicle makes a big crack and shuts off the power at the North Pole and makes the reindeer weak and powerless . Puppy Paws makes it to Fernfield to find Budderball in his home and Budderball himself introduces Puppy Paws to his brothers and sister and the North Pole puppy causes trouble to each of the Buddies: Budderball gets framed for eating the gingerbread cookies as he tries to get back on the nice list, B-Dawg gets beaten by Puppy Paws at dancing who even breaks a vase, Mudbud teaches Puppy Paws to roll in the dirt, and unaware not to shake dirt out of his fur in the living room, he makes holiday shapes of the dirt spots causing Mudbud to wear a cover-up coat for the rest of the day, Rosebud gets an extreme Christmas makeover, and Buddha\'s meditation statue gets turned into a snowman as Puppy Paws explains that the snowman is "what citizens of the North Pole meditate in front of". Therefore, due to the incidents, the Buddies want Puppy Paws to leave. But, they learn that Puppy Paws isn\'t hurting them as they are hurting themselves and decide to treat him with compassion. Suddenly, Puppy Paws gets dognapped by a dog catcher named Mr. Stan Cruge  and takes him to the pound. There, Puppy Paws meets a puppy named Tiny  who is wishing for a Christmas miracle and sings a song about miracles, which teaches Puppy Paws himself about the true meaning of Christmas. The Buddies, along with an elf dog named Eddy , have come to the rescue. With Tiny and Eddy still in the pound, the elf dog speaks to Cruge that he knows the dog catcher always wanted a puppy for Christmas, but his mother was allergic to dogs and never got one, which made Cruge hate Christmas and become a dog catcher. Eddy becomes free from the pound and changes Cruge. With help fom an elf named Eli , Christmas spirit returns, the Christmas Icicle stops melting, and the North Pole is back in business, with Puppy Paws and the Buddies making it to the North Pole. The reindeer are not able to fly, and Puppy Paws and the Buddies volunteer to save Christmas with their uncanny abilities . A changed Mr. Cruge brings Tiny over to the child who has been asking for a puppy as a Christmas present and Tiny herself says her goodbye to the Buddies and Puppy Paws. After their last delivery, Santa Claus and Santa Paws arrive in Fernfield and Santa makes the Buddies  on top of the nice list, Puppy Paws becomes part of Santa\'s family, and the Buddies say farewell. Mr. Cruge is invited to dinner with Tiny\'s new family and the movie ends with the entire town, led by Cruge, singing "Silent Night" in front of Fernfield\'s Christmas Tree.'] ['The film begins with Pippi  sailing around the world with her father, Captain Efraim Longstocking , her pet horse, Old Man, her pet monkey, Mr. Nilsson, and various members of the ship\'s crew. One night during a hurricane, the captain is washed over board into the sea. As he drifts off, he calls to Pippi that he will "meet her in Villa Villekulla". To that effect, Pippi and her pet animals make their way home, Villa Villekulla, to await his return. Not long after arriving, she makes friends with the two children across the street — Tommy and Annika , who are captivated by her free spirit and fun-loving attitude. They soon convince her to go to school  where she gets into trouble, despite winning the hearts of her classmates. Pippi also soon attracts the attention of a local social worker, Mrs. Prysselius , who conspires to put her into foster care. When Miss Prysselius goes to speak with the local law enforcement of the need for the girl to be placed in a home for orphans, she lets certain details  be revealed to a pair of thieves already in jail. The thieves, Bloom and Thunder-Karlsson, decide to rob Pippi themselves once they break out of jail. Pippi and her friends take part in many adventures and close-calls, winning over almost everyone, with the exception of Miss Prysselius and Tommy and Annika\'s parents. Just when Miss Prysselius has had enough and is about to drag Pippi straight to the children\'s home herself, Pippi\'s father returns to take her back to their life on the sea. However, Pippi decides that she can\'t leave her new friends and decides to stay in Villa Villekulla.'] ["The film, set in the Adriatic Sea in the interwar period, begins with the titular character Porco Rosso, a veteran WWI fighter ace and freelance bounty hunter, responding to an alert over an attack on a ferry liner by airborne pirates. Having successfully defeated the pirates, the so-called Mamma Aiuto gang, Porco retires to the Hotel Adriano, which is run by his long-time friend Gina. At the restaurant of the hotel, which is frequented by pilots all over the Adriatic, the heads of the pirate gangs are introduced to Curtis, an arrogant and ambitious American ace who has a contract to assist them. Within time Curtis falls in love with Gina but is frustrated to see that she has affections over Porco. After successfully executing a pirating mission Curtis tracks down Porco, who is flying to Milan to have his plane improved, and shoots him down, claiming to have killed him. Porco actually survives, but all but the fuselage of his plane has been destroyed. Porco continues his mission to Milan, much to the irritation of Gina . Porco arrives discreetly in Milan to meet Piccolo, his mechanic. He is surprised to find that Piccolo's sons have emigrated to find work elsewhere, and much of the engineering is done by his granddaughter Fio. Porco is initially skeptical of Fio's abilities as a mechanic, but after seeing her dedication in the project to repair his plane he accepts her as a competent engineer, and begins to recognize her as a genius. With no males to assist in the project, Piccolo calls up an all-female team to repair the plane. When Porco's plane is finished, he is unexpectedly joined by Fio on his flight home, with the justification that if the secret police  arrest the team, they can say that Porco forced them to help and took Fio as a hostage. Porco reluctantly agrees, and the two hurriedly leave Milan. Stopping off to refuel on the way, Porco discovers that the new Fascist government are beginning to hire seaplane pirates for their own use, thus putting him out of business. Upon returning home, Porco and Fio are ambushed by the pirates, who threaten to kill Porco and destroy his plane. Fio successfully talks them out of it, but Curtis appears and challenges Porco to a final duel. Fio impulsively makes a deal with him declaring that if Porco wins, Curtis must pay off his debts owed the Piccolo's company, and if Curtis wins, he may marry her. Porco is irritated at Fio for making such a deal, but he forgives her and shows confidence in winning. That night, at Fio's request Porco tells a story recalling an event in WWI, when he was still a human, where his entire squadron apart from himself was shot down in a dogfight with Austro-Hungarian aircraft. He recalls blacking out and awakening to find himself in complete stillness, with a white band hovering in the distant sky. Enemy aircraft fly past towards the band but ignore him. He sees his friend Berlini, Gina's then-husband, and calls him back but is ignored. Porco soon sees that the band is in fact thousands of planes flying together. Porco blacks out again and recovers skimming above the sea. When he awakes he discovers that he has been turned into a pig, believing this to be a divine punishment for fleeing the fight.This aspect of the story has parallels to Roald Dahl's short story They Shall Not Grow Old.{{Cite web}}{{Cite web}} The next day, the duel is arranged and a large crowd gathers on an island to observe. With the attendants betting heavily on the outcome, the contest begins. After an indecisive dogfight between Porco and Curtis, which soon dissolves into a bare fist boxing match, Gina appears to stop the fight and to warn the crowd that the Italian air force has been alerted and are on their way. Porco barely manages to win the fight upon her arrival, and hands Fio over to her, requesting Gina to look after her. With the crowd gone, Porco and Curtis agree to delay the air force together, whilst Curtis asks to see Porco's face, suggesting perhaps he may have been transformed back into a human. An epilogue reveals that Fio becomes president of Piccolo, which is now an aircraft manufacturer, Curtis becomes a Hollywood star, the pirates continue to attend the Hotel Adriano, and it is suggested that Porco proposes to Gina."] ['Somewhere in the 14th century, Claus  is a peasant woodcutter in his mid-50s who, with his wife Anya , delivers his gifts to the children of a certain village. One night, Claus, Anya and their reindeer, Donner and Blitzen, are rescued from certain death in a blizzard, only to be transported to the vast "ice mountains, way up at the top of the world." Their expected arrival is heralded with the appearance of several elves, or &ndash; as Claus\'s people call them in their legends &ndash; the Vendequm, led by the venerable and wise elf named Dooley . The Clauses also meet Patch , an inventive elf who has designs for such future items like plumbing and an alarm clock, and Puffy ([[Anthony O\'Donnell . Introduced to the mass workshop where the elves construct endless amounts of toys for the world\'s children, Claus learns that it is his destiny to distribute those toys on Christmas Eve. After months of preparation, Christmas Eve arrives and Claus is granted the name "Santa Claus" by the Ancient One , the eldest of the elves. Santa\'s yearly routine of delivering his gifts begins when he uses his modified sleigh and six additional reindeer to accompany Donner and Blitzen. When all eight deer are joined together, they can fly by eating an otherworldly reindeer feed. Two separate musical montages follow, each depicting Santa delivering toys across the centuries, and demonstrating how a great deal of the mythos around him is established. Eventually, the film moves to the late 20th century. Santa is becoming increasingly tired by the workload of toys he must deliver, combined with the ever-growing population of the planet. At that point, Anya suggests that Santa should have an assistant. Patch and Puffy are selected as candidates, and both their ideas are compared in a competition. A third musical montage takes us through the competition, which Patch ultimately wins through his invention of an automated manufacturing machine. Several nights later, on Christmas Eve, Santa meets up with a homeless boy named Joe , with whom he immediately bonds, ultimately inviting the 10-year-old along for the night ride. During the flight, Santa tempts the reindeer into performing an aerial stunt dubbed the "SuperDuper Looper" in which the reindeer attempt to perform a 360° degree circle in midair, but, as often happens each year, the maneuver fails when Donner\'s aerial dizziness gets the better of him. Santa and Joe unintentionally awaken a 9-year-old girl named Cornelia , who had secretly spent some days befriending Joe. On Christmas morning, Patch is dismayed when his toys break and are returned to the workshop. Resigning his post as Santa\'s assistant, the reluctant Patch leaves the North Pole. Patch goes to New York City where he meets B.Z. , Cornelia\'s step-uncle  &ndash; a greedy and scheming toymaking executive who is on the verge of losing his company after being subject to a Congressional investigation due to the shoddy products he has made. Patch offers to help him make toys, believing at first that B.Z.\'s toys are successful when he witnesses them being removed quickly from shops, although they are actually being recalled. Patch uses the ingredient from the reindeer feed to create a puce colored lollipop that can make people float in midair, and it soon becomes quite popular among children, making Santa feel unwanted. B.Z. then manufactures candy canes using the ingredient, but is horrified to discover that a batch of the stuff will explode when exposed to extreme heat. On discovering this news, B.Z. resolves to keep this information a secret and schemes to move to a South American country with no extradition treaty to avoid criminal prosecution. B.Z. captures and imprisons Joe when he finds him eavesdropping on him and his head of Research & Development, Dr. Eric Towzer . Patch later finds and frees a bound and gagged Joe and decides to return to the North Pole with him, when he sees a carved toy resembling himself, an "elf-portrait", given to Joe by Santa. The two friends buckle themselves into the incredible Patchmobile, which they have stuffed with loads and loads of the candy canes. The NYPD then go to arrest B.Z. after Cornelia alerts them of her uncle\'s crimes, but he eats some of the candy canes and finds himself floating in midair, eventually disappearing far, far up into the sky. Having summoned him with an incomplete letter, Cornelia and Santa now pursue Patch and Joe until the Patchmobile explodes, the result of the candy canes\' exposure to heat. Their only hope of saving them now is to attempt the aforementioned "Super Duper Looper". Finally, with Patch reconciled with his fellow elves, Joe is welcomed into the Clauses\' family and Cornelia is invited to stay for a year. Dooley reacts to the addition of Joe and Cornelia by commenting: "As if I don\'t have enough to do! Now, I\'m going to have to be a schoolteacher!" To which both children gasp: "School?!" The film ends with the inhabitants of the North Pole celebrating the triumph with a joyous dance party. The film\'s final images are of B.Z. floating away into space, doomed to die of asphyxiation in the upper atmosphere among the floating remains of the Patchmobile.'] ['Brittany Aarons  is one of the many girls who has a crush on popular singer and boy-toy Jordan Cahill . However, she is bored of living a suburban existence and seeks a little something more. She meets the new girl Natasha Kwon-Schwartz , who looks like an Upper East-sider from the City, except she\'s not. Upon Natasha\'s arrival, Brittany slowly starts to make a move towards breaking out of her conformist routines, but not before becoming an extra in Jordan\'s latest music video, and inviting Natasha to join her and her fangirl friends. When Jordan and his team bump into Brittany and Natasha after a show, Eddie  and Brittany collect their stuff, and accidentally take each other\'s cell phones. Once Brittany gets a hold of Jordan\'s much more sophisticated phone, Natasha convinces Brittany that it would be fun to mess with his career. They prank call his hair stylist, get her to cut off all his hair, and have someone serve him raisins, which he hates. Along the way they find that Jordan\'s life is not the life he chooses, but rather the one his record company wants for him. They will not even allow him to use the original lyrics he wants for his own songs. At first he is terrified that his personal barber gave him a major haircut, but eventually accepts it as the first step towards a break from his manufactured image. Eventually the girls attempt to force him to do a concert to save a historic house but he runs away. He calls Brittany  and explains everything to her. She and Natasha  make up and go to meet up with him while being chased by the record company who are tracking his phone. They send his lyrics for one of his songs "More Than Me" to everyone through Brittany\'s phone, ditch his phone and get a ride to the concert with Brittany\'s sister. At the concert Eddie tries to stop him but ultimately supports him and they save the house. Brittany, Natasha, and Brittany\'s fangirl friends become dancers in the music video he was making at the beginning of the movie with Eddie replacing Jordan in it. It is shown that Brittany and Jordan keep in touch, and although he invites her to go to New York with him , she declines, saying things are really exciting in her suburban town.'] ['Basically, the film is just the episodes "Mind Your Manners" and "Queen For a Day" shown back to back.  Strawberry Shortcake\'s friend, Raspberry Torte, shows absolutely no regards towards manners. So Strawberry and Company decides to teach her a lesson by first inviting her to a party where everyone shows disregard for manners, and another where everyone is polite and courteous. Raspberry still fails to see the significance of manners, however, until she holds a conversation with a bluebird who talks some sense into her. Finally, she understands how important good manners are.  Strawberry and Company are preparing for the Berry Blossom Festival. However, the Pie-Man and Sour Grapes comes around, and by cheating, they manage to wrestle the crown from Strawberry, and intend to use it to take over Strawberry\'s fields. However, through a song, the other characters managed to win the crown back for Strawberry. In progress, Strawberry is named Strawberryland queen.'] ['In the final sequel, the Robinsons celebrate the arrival of spring after surviving a fierce winter. Soon their happiness is quickly dashed as a Forest Service ranger informs them they must prove their mountain home is located on a legitimate mining claim or they must move out. Also, Pat finds out that her mother is ill and decides to go back to Los Angeles. Will the Robinsons lose their mountain home? Will Pat come back from the city?'] ['After RJ, a starving raccoon, fails to get snacks from a vending machine, he becomes so desperate that he tries to raid a large food cache belonging to Vincent, a hibernating black bear. However, while trying to finish by stealing a can of "Spuddies" potato chips, he wakes Vincent and loses both the food and the red wagon that it\'s on when a truck runs it over. Hastily, he promises to replace everything by the time Vincent reawakens in a week. Meanwhile, a group of forest animals, led by Verne the box turtle, emerge from hibernation to find their food cache nearly empty. They begin foraging but find a large hedge blocking their way. Verne investigates, discovering a human residential community which confuses and frightens him. RJ, who sees the entire commotion, convinces the other animals it\'s easier to raid the humans\' garbage for food rather than forage for it, and they manage to get enough food to keep them from starving. Verne, however, remains wary, especially after homeowner Gladys Sharp discovers the animals in her yard, chases them out through the hedge, and hires VermTech exterminator Dwayne LaFontant to keep them out. Worried for his family\'s safety, Verne decides to return the food to the humans. RJ tries to stop him, resulting in an argument between the two. This attracts the attention of a playful Rottweiler, who chases them across several lawns before all of the food the animals gathered is destroyed. RJ then blames Verne who, while trying to defend himself, makes a comment that hurts the others\' feelings. RJ helps Verne reconcile with the others. He also discovers that Gladys has just restocked her pantry with a large food supply for an upcoming party and concocts a plan to get past the exterminator-planted boobytraps in her yard. Working together under cover of darkness, the animals get the food. RJ and Verne get into another argument, again over a can of "Spuddies", during which Verne  learn of RJ\'s true motives. Gladys wakes up, discovers the animals in her house, and calls VermTech. Dwayne arrives and traps the animals except for RJ, who escapes with the food. RJ takes the food to a now-awake Vincent, but when the latter points out RJ\'s treachery, the raccoon decides to sacrifice the food to save his friends. This angers Vincent, who chases RJ as he pursues Dwayne\'s truck. Verne is happy to see RJ again but the others no longer trust him since he abandoned them. They nearly thwart RJ\'s efforts to help before Verne finally convinces them otherwise. The animals then subdue Dwayne and turn his truck toward home, but the truck goes out of control and demolishes Gladys\' house. The animals hide in the hedge, trapped by Vincent on one side and Dwayne and Gladys on the other. RJ and Verne get an idea to give Hammy the hyperactive squirrel his first ever can of energy drink, which puts him into overdrive. Exceeding the speed of light, Hammy activates an illegal trap that Dwayne had installed , capturing Vincent, Dwayne and Gladys. Gladys and Vincent are taken into custody by the police and a wilderness preservation group, respectively, while Dwayne escapes after taking advantage of Gladys\' attempt at fighting a police officer and resisting arrest, only to encounter the same Rottweiler that chased RJ and Verne earlier. Back in the forest, Verne tells RJ that if he\'d explained what he was trying to do in the first place, the others would have helped because "that\'s what families do," and welcomes him back to the family. The animals also find that while Hammy was in his caffeine-charged state, he had refilled their food cache with nuts to satisfy them for the year. In a post-credits scene, the animals go to the vending machine seen in the beginning of the film and cause every product to fall into the access bin. However, the amount of snacks prevents the access door from opening, prompting Hammy to remark that this is "kind of anti-climatic."'] ['Read It and Weep begins with freshmen Jameson Bartlett , who has three best friends, named Connor  , Lindsay , and Harmony ,a brother named Lenny Bartlett  and an enemy named Sawyer Sullivan , whose boyfriend Marco is the object of Jamie\'s affection. She also owns a tablet PC which she writes in every day. In that journal she writes about a character named "Isabella," or "Is" , a popular girl with incredible powers based loosely on herself. Jamie uses her alter-world to write her feelings about her classmates, friends, and her life. As an English assignment, she has to write an essay of her choice. Her printer dies and Lenny refuses to let her use his. Lindsay offers to print the essay if Jamie emails it to her, but she accidentally sends her the journal. After Lindsay turns the journal in for the English assignment, it wins a writing contest. Jamie\'s book attracts a lot of publicity and eventually becomes a bestseller. She appears at many book signings, reality TV shows and is often interviewed. Soon, success gets the better of Jamie; she becomes increasingly materialistic and critical of the world around her, quitting her job at her father\'s pizza place, ridiculing her brother\'s guitar playing, and favoring fame over her friends. Her newfound popularity is dashed when she reveals on a television interview that the antagonist of her novel is based on Sawyer. As Jamie\'s classmates learn that the book was based on Jamie\'s negative feelings toward her school, she wishes to restore her relationships but her friends are unwilling to trust her again. Her friends begin to reject and avoid her. When she logs into a chat room, one-by-one each person who was originally logged on, logs off as soon as they see her, except for her friend Connor. When she asks him if he hates her, he responds "I only hate what you\'ve become." Jamie then realizes her mistakes, and also discovers some hidden feelings for Connor. Connor writes a positive letter to the editor. When it appears in the school paper the next day, she thinks it was Marco, not Connor. Connor then becomes jealous. To make up for her mistakes, she apologizes to her brother, Lenny, encouraging him to take up his guitar playing once more, despite what she\'d said. Jamie overhears her parents\' conversation about having to close down the pizza parlor, and Jamie feels guilty. As she is getting ready for the school dance, Jamie confronts Is, a figment of her imagination who tries to make Jamie like she is and acts as the main antagonist of the movie , and tells her to stop. She then goes to the dance, where she tries to apologize to everyone. They do not accept her apology at first, but gradually do after learning the book was really Jamie\'s personal journal. Jamie finds Connor just as he is leaving. She asks for his forgiveness and they kiss. They walk back into the dance, where Lenny performs a song dedicated to Jamie. After the dance, which was ocean-themed, Jamie invites everyone to eat at her parents\' pizza parlor. When Lenny rushes into the kitchen to help cook the pizza, his jacket, which was covered in seaweed from the dance, accidentally lands on some of the pizzas, covering them in seaweed. When the pizza is delivered to the customers, they love it, and Jamie\'s father finally figures out the secret of how to save their business, ending the film on a happy note.'] ['In an unnamed kingdom, a blonde princess and a brunette pauper are born simultaneously. The princess, Anneliese, craves freedom from her royal duties, especially when she is informed by her widowed mother, Queen Genevieve, that she must marry the wealthy king of a nearby kingdom because their own royal treasury is nearly bankrupt. The Pauper, Erika, craves a different sort of freedom as she is an indentured servant at the Madam Carp\'s Dress Emporium to work off her parents\' debt, but dreams of becoming a singer. Unbeknownst to the royal family, the royal advisor Preminger has been having his minions Nick and Nack steal gold from the royal mines for some time. Preminger plans to announce his newfound wealth to Queen Genevieve, which he believes will allow him to marry Princess Anneliese. When Preminger learns that Queen Genevieve has approached King Dominick of Dulcimia to marry Anneliese, Preminger orders Nick and Nack to kidnap Anneliese, so that Preminger can stage his "rescuing" her, hoping that Queen Genevieve will give him Anneliese\'s hand in marriage. Anneliese and her tutor, Julian, are in love with one another, though they are unaware of each other\'s feelings. To cheer her up, Julian decides to take Anneliese into town. The princess crosses paths with Erika and the girls are shocked to see how identical they are, the only differences between them being their hair colour and the crown-shaped birthmark on Anneliese\'s right shoulder. The girls quickly become friends as do their cats, Serafina and Wolfie. On the same night, Anneliese is kidnapped and a fake letter is left on her desk stating Anneliese "ran away" to avoid marrying King Dominick. Julian suspects she was kidnapped by Preminger, so he asks Erika to impersonate as the princess until he can rescue the real Anneliese. Erika agrees to the temporary ruse to help her friends, and surprises Preminger when she arrives to welcome King Dominick. Dominick and Erika fall in love, despite Erika\'s fear of being thrown into prison when revealed that she is an imposter. Anneliese manages to escape from Nick and Nack, but is turned away from the palace by a guard who believes "Anneliese" is in the palace with King Dominick and the Queen. Madam Carp mistakes Anneliese for Erika and locks the princess up in the Dress Emporium. Suspicious of Erika\'s impersonation, Preminger finds that Anneliese has escaped from the cabin where she was held captive. Julian, who had followed Preminger, is captured and imprisoned in a mine. When Preminger learns that Anneliese is at the Dress Emporium, he traps her in the gold mines with Julian. Upon returning to the castle, Preminger exposes Erika as a fraud and claims that she had conspired with Julian to kill and replace the real princess. Erika, unable to prove her good intentions,is locked away in a small cell by the queen. After convincing everyone that the princess is dead, Preminger persuades Queen Genevieve to marry him to save the kingdom, who agrees only because she cannot see any other option. Erika manages to escape from her cell and bumps into Dominick, who reveals that he doesn\'t believe that Preminger is telling the truth. Elsewhere, Anneliese and Julian confess their love for each other and work together to escape the mines. At the queen\'s wedding, Anneliese arrives in time to stop the marriage and reveals Preminger\'s deceit. When he tries to flee on horseback, his horse sends him flying into the wedding food and he is arrested. After confessing to her mother that she loves Julian and does not wish to marry King Dominick, Anneliese presents to the queen a solution to the kingdom\'s gold shortage: the rocks discarded by the miners actually hold amethysts and the mine is full of them. Dominick confesses to loving Erika for who she is and if she should choose to, he would be willing to marry her. Erika, freed from her debt to Madam Carp thanks to Anneliese, chooses not to accept marriage just yet and achieves her dream of being able to sing around the world. After several months, she realizes that the place she would really like to sing is among her friends. She returns and marries Dominick while Anneliese marries Julian in a double wedding, along with Wolfie and Serafina.'] ['A young girl named Kayley desires to become a knight of the Round Table like her father Sir Lionel in the kingdom of Camelot and wishes to accompany him when the knights are called to a special meeting with King Arthur, but he kindly objects that she is too young and promises to take her someday. When the knights arrive at Camelot , Sir Ruber  attacks Arthur. Mortally wounding Lionel with his mace, he is ultimately driven off by the other knights after Arthur strikes him down with Excalibur. After Lionel dies, Kayley must learn to live without him. Inspired by her father\'s bravery , she spends ten years tending to her family farm. Now a young woman, Kayley is still much of a dreamer and still wishes to be a knight, much against her mother Julianna\'s wishes. Her dream seems to pay off though, when the knights again gather with King Arthur and Merlin to discuss the era of peace among the kingdom when a gryphon flies in, attacks and wounds Arthur and takes the sword Excalibur. Merlin summons a falcon with silver wings called Ayden to face the gryphon. After a furious fight, the gryphon drops the sword into the Forbidden Forest and loses it. He reports this to Ruber. The call goes out across the land that Excalibur had been stolen, but Kayley\'s mother forbids her to go out after it. Shortly thereafter, Ruber comes to pay Julianna a visit, planning to use her to gain access to Camelot and introducing a magic potion that he had gotten that combines his men  with an assorted array of weapons . During the festivities, Kayley manages to free herself and escapes capture by fleeing to the Forbidden Forest , whose enchanted plant and animal life prevent Ruber\'s army from following her. The chicken, now named Bladebeak, is ordered to follow Kayley and report her whereabouts to Ruber. While lost in the forest, Kayley comes across Garrett, a handsome yet blind hermit who wants to be left alone . He grudgingly helps Kayley find Excalibur. Guided by Ayden, they manage to find the scabbard of the sword in the footprints of a giant. As they make their way into dragon infested mountains, they come across a conjoined two-headed dragon - the sophisticated and intelligent Devon and the boorish but loyal Cornwall. Thanks to the bullying from the rest of the dragons due to their differences and their inability to fly, they want nothing more than to be apart from one another . Developing a friendship toward Kayley, they join the party. Due to Kayley\'s insistence, Garrett misses a key warning from Ayden and is injured in an attack. During the escape, Kayley uses the forest\'s plants to heal Garrett\'s wounds, and they develop a mutual attraction and feelings towards one another . Soon they come across the giant who is using the sword as a toothpick and manage to outwit Ruber again, trapping him and his minions with the giant as they slide uncontrollably down the mountainside. Garrett returns to the forest, having grown distant from the world of men and preferring to stay in the forest. Kayley starts toward Camelot, sword in hand, but is captured by Ruber\'s men. Devon and Cornwall discover their power of flight, which only works when they cooperate or agree on something mutually. They rejoin Garrett, who mounts a rescue mission, but Ruber manages to gain entry to Camelot via disguise and traps himself with King Arthur with Excalibur; now grafted to his arm with his magic potion. Kayley is held prisoner in the back of the cart, but is freed by Bladebeak. Kayley and Garrett manage to fight their way with their friends\' help to join with Arthur and in a fight, they manage to trick Ruber into inserting the sword back into the stone it had been pulled from. The magical forces conflict and completely disintegrate Ruber, leaving the kingdom free again. The magic that spills on the kingdom separates all of Ruber\'s men  from their weapons and separates Devon and Cornwall, but the pair decide to reunite before the magic dissipates. Soon after Kayley and Garrett are knighted as members of the round table, and they share a kiss. As the pair ride off into the sunset, their horse has a flag mounted to its back reading "Just Knighted".'] ['The film focuses on Celebi, who travels to the future with a boy named Sam while being chased by a hunter. Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu are on their way to the next gym in their Johto journey and get a lift from a man named Maki, who takes them to his hometown of Arborville. They see a Suicune . When they plan to enter a forest that is claimed to have many unusual and rare Pokémon, they are warned by an elderly lady about the "Voice of the Forest", which may carry a person off to a different period in time unless those hearing it stand still. Ash finds Sam alone in the forest as Celebi has fled. Sam awakens and discovers he is 40 years in the future from when he was. He, Ash, and the others search for Celebi and they find it in a tree. After some convincing, the gang manage to gain Celebi\'s trust. They run into a high-ranking member of Team Rocket, the Iron Masked Marauder, who has been trying to capture Celebi. Jessie, James, and Meowth also team up with the Iron Masked Marauder to capture Celebi. The heroes take Celebi to its home, the Lake of Life, where it is healed by the water. The group spend the night in the forest. The next day, Celebi is captured by the Iron Masked Marauder and is turned evil by the Dark Ball, a ball with special powers that turns the captured Pokémon evil, and immensly strengthen their target. Ash attempts to save Celebi by climbing the Marauder\'s robot, which falls over and throws them both out. Ash lands on the ground, but the Marauder begins to step on his hand; it keeps doing this until Ash falls unconscious. The Iron Masked Marauder orders Celebi create a giant monster from parts of the forest. The heroes chase after Celebi in Maki\'s flying boat, but are brought down by the evil Celebi\'s attacks. The Iron Masked Marauder tries to kill Ash and Sam, but Suicune saves them. Brock sends out his Onix, and it and Suicune do battle with the Masked Marauder\'s evil Tyranitar, while Ash, Sam, and Pikachu clamber into Celebi\'s creature and manage to get Celebi to remember its memories, successfully bringing Celebi back to normal, and destroying the Iron Masked Marauder\'s Dark Balls in the process, releasing his Scizor, Sneasel, and Tyranitar. With the collapse of the giant monster, the Iron Masked Marauder falls into the lake. The other heroes rush to the lake\'s edge and find Ash and Sam with Celebi, who suddenly falls limp. Ash and Sam realize Celebi is dead and everyone weeps, while the Pokémon of the forest howl in grief. However, the Voice of the Forest materializes in the sky and numerous of Celebi appear and resurrect Celebi. The Iron Masked Marauder suddenly appears and kidnaps Celebi and flies up with a jetpack, but Ash and Pikachu hold onto him as he flies away. Pikachu destroys the Masked Marauder\'s jetpack with a "ThunderBolt" attack and they fall to Earth, but Celebi saves them. The Iron Masked Marauder falls down to the forest floor  and is confronted by the old woman, her granddaughter Diana, Maki, and all the Pokémon of the forest. Celebi prepares to bring Sam back to his own time. He has an emotional farewell with Ash and departs with Celebi. Before Ash leaves the town into his next journey, he talks to Professor Oak about what happened, and muses about the story. Professor Oak tells a sad Ash that he and Sam are going to be friends forever. Ash, Brock, and Misty realise they never told Professor Oak Sam\'s name, but are soon distracted by the departing boat. Professor Oak is then shown with the sketch-book from earlier in the film, revealing that Professor Oak  is the grown-up Sam. He finally reveals it happened like it was only yesterday, after musing on a sketch he drew of a sleeping Pikachu and Celebi.'] [" Joey Norton, seven years old, lives with his older brother Lennie in a lower-middle-class neighborhood of Brooklyn. Joey is too small to be taken seriously by Lennie and Lennie's friends. One day, while their mother is away visiting her sick mother, Lennie and his friends play a joke on Joey. They stage an incident using catsup and a toy gun, so that Joey thinks he has shot and killed his brother. Joey, who is told the police will catch and imprison him, runs to the nearest elevated train station and flees to Coney Island. He seems to forget his predicament and spends the day wandering around the arcades, pony rides, beach—a little boy's paradise. He gets money for snacks by cashing in deposit bottles, and spends the night sleeping under the boardwalk. Meanwhile, Lennie is frantically trying to find him, as their mother is due home soon. Joey loves horses, and he begins hanging around a pony ride. The proprietor of the ride becomes suspicious that Joey is a runaway. He tricks Joey into giving him his address. He calls home and alerts Lennie. Lennie comes to Coney Island and, after a frantic search, finds little Joey. Their mother returns just after the two brothers arrive home. She is unaware of what happened, and, pleased that her two sons behaved so well during her absence, says they will have a treat that weekend: a trip to Coney Island!"] ['Two 12-year-old girls, Charlotte "Charlie" Palfy from Berlin and Louise Kröger from Hamburg, meet on a train going to a language school in Scotland. They are shocked to see how much they look alike. They soon find out that they are identical twins. Shortly after their birth, their parents split up, and each of them took one girl. Neither girl knew that she had a twin sister, and they both believed their other parent dead. Though they look alike, they are very different in personality. Charlie, as the daughter of a music hall composer, is cool, self-confident and somewhat impolite, dresses accordingly and listens to techno music. Louise, who grew up with her mother, who works in advertising, wears conservative clothing and is rather shy and quiet. The two girls concoct a plan to find out why they were separated by their parents. Charlie travels to their mother in Hamburg, pretending to be Louise, who in turn pretends to be Charlie and travels to their father in Berlin. Much chaos ensues as both girls try to settle into their new lives without anyone noticing the difference. The girls\' situation gets even more difficult when they realise that both parents have new partners, whom they intend to marry. In the end, Charlie and Louise can think of no other way than to run away in order to get their parents back together. They travel to Scotland and hide in an old light-house, from which they are rescued by their parents. Back in Hamburg, the father agrees that both girls can stay with their mother. He gets on the train back to Berlin, but before the train has pulled out of the station, he finds a note by Charlie in his pocket saying "Es gibt Momente im Leben, da muss man die Notbremse ziehen" . He pulls the emergency brake, leaves the train and decides to stay with his family after all.'] ["{{inuniverse}} It's 2054 and Zenon Kar is 17 and competing to win the Galactic Teen Supreme contest and celebrate at the Moonstock Festival. Zenon wants to beat handsome competitor Bronley Hale. She also reunites with Moon preservation activist Sage Borealis. Sage is desperate to keep the Moon from being colonized and exploited and wants Zenon's help. Meanwhile Commander Edward Plank and Aunt Judy Cling's new foster daughter, Dasha, is star struck by Zenon and finds it difficult to stay out of trouble. During the last competition for the Galactic Teen Supreme contest, the moon goddess Selena appears and threatens to destroy the Earth. It's up to Zenon to save everyone from this angry deity. In the end Zenon, Sage, Dasha and her friends Margie, Cassie, and Bronley team up to save the day. They evacuate everyone in Protozoa's tour bus and try to remove the Moon Dome, with each taking a hover pod. Unfortunately, the dome is too heavy, until Commander Plank and Aunt Judy show up having been looking for Dasha. They're able to help lift the dome, which they let drift off into space. Selena then destroys the rest of the base and waves goodbye as the friends return to Earth. The wild weather caused by Selena has stopped. In the end Sage and Zenon kiss and Protozoa's band Microbe and the new hit band, Cosmic Blush hold a concert together."] ["{{Plot}} The narrator, Sniffer , introduces the Air Buddies, Rosebud, Buddha, Budderball, Mudbud, and B-Dawg and explains their sport talents and personalities. After that, Noah and Henry and their parents leave to go to a basketball game with Buddy and Molly. The pups refuse to be left alone and bored, grab their toys, only to be blocked by their babysitter, Mrs. Niggles and get baths instead. Afterwards, Mrs. Niggles tells them to take naps. B-Dawg decrees that no one shall tell him to take a nap, and leads the pups out to watch the babysitter. Buddha notices the babysitter is 'finding her inner peace' and as she naps, the pups play their favorite sports with their toys and Mrs. Niggles's yarn. After all the victory, Budderball climbs up the counter to claim his prize; Mrs. Niggles's blueberry pie. After throwing it onto the ground, Mrs. Niggles wakes up, but she's tied up by her yarn. Then the pups hear their parents coming home, and because everything is a mess, Mrs. Framm thinks it's time to find the Buddies new homes. Meanwhile, Selkirk Tander tries to impress Mr. Livingston's son, Bartleby Livingston by showing him a female tiger for his birthday, but Bartleby wanted an animal he can play with. He wants Air Bud  because Buddy can play sports. Mr. Livingston offers $500,000 if Selkirk can get Buddy. Selkirk then sends his nephew Grim and assistant Denning to capture Buddy. At school, Noah and Henry collect every kid's profile sheets and photos, and after looking at girls and boys who would make good owners, the family decides to call the new owners tomorrow. Grim and Denning arrive at Buddy's home, only to see Buddy and Molly at the same time, thinking there are two air buds or they are mates. The next morning, the pups decide to run away. Grim and Denning follow them, and manage to catch Budderball by luring him with a doughnut. The other Buddies go and find Budderball but they are captured as well and used as bait to catch Buddy and Molly. Buddy manages to free the Buddies but Denning traps him with a net. Molly tries to save Buddy but is captured too. The Buddies ask Sniffer for his help and where Buddy and Molly were taken to. Sniffer explains that Buddy and Molly were taken to wine country, and refuses to help because he has lost his sense of smell. In wine country, Selkirk is pleased that Denning and Grim captured both Buddy and Molly so he can have them breed puppies and sell them for money. When Grim explain that Buddy and Molly already had puppies and Denning let them get away, Selkirk tells them to lock the dogs in the wine cellar and go and capture the puppies and threatens that if they don't catch the puppies, they will be fed to the tiger. Grim and Denning go back to Buddy's home to capture the Buddies but no luck. The Buddies have sniffed their way to the outside cinema, where Grim and Denning are watching 101 Dalmatians. The Buddies find their way to the projection room and walk right in front of the projector, their shadows attracting Denning and Grim's attention. The Buddies then find a snack bar and start eating. Grim opens the projector, temporarily blinding himself. A female customer orders a box cup of popcorn, and Budderball tumbles out of the box -- her scream is heard by Denning and Grim who then slip on a wet floor. Next, the Buddies run into a motor bike gang. Still blind, Grim knocks the motor bikes over, while Denning also collides with the motorcycles, furiously calling the Buddies and the man at the movie projection booth double-crossing bottle-suckers and various other nasty names related to double-crossing. Grim and Denning knocking over the motorcycles with their clumsiness infuriates the gang, who then tie Grim and Denning in front of the cinema screen and begin throwing soda, candy, and popcorn at them. Grim and Denning catch up to the Buddies, chasing them to a farm. The Buddies meet Billy the Goat and Belinda the Pig, who help the Buddies escape from Grim and Denning. The Buddies lure Grim and Denning into a stable and escape through a small hole as Billy locks Grim and Denning in. The Buddies go through the forest then meet the Wolf who leads them to wine country. A skunk's spray enables Sniffer to smell again, so he calls Noah and Henry and they go off to find the Buddies. Buddy and Molly manage to escape to find the Buddies. Budderball falls into a hole, which Buddy and Molly dug, forcing the Buddies to help. Noah and Henry are led by Sniffer through the same farm that the Buddies went through. Noah and Henry are ecstatic and overjoyed at finding Grim and Denning being held prisoners by Billy the goat, and immediately depart to report them and turn them in to the authorities over Grim and Denning's protests. Bartleby and his father come to collect the dogs but instead finds the Buddies. Bartleby and his father then put the Buddies in a limousine, when Noah, Henry, Buddy and Molly come to rescue the Buddies. Budderball falls into one of the wine containers and gets drunk. Bartleby catches Budderball but is caught by Sniffer. Noah, Henry, and the dogs release barrels towards Selkirk and Mr. Livingston; the barrels break the wine container. Selkirk and Mr. Livingston fall in, as the container cracks open. Washing out of the container, Sheriff Bob arrives to arrest Selkirk, Denning, and Grim. The Buddies apologize to Buddy and Molly; they understand and say they're ready for their new owners. Budderball decides to stay with Bartleby because he needs a friend."] ['The countertop opens with Larry the Cucumber dressed as the superhero Larry-Boy. Backed by a cardboard cityscape, Larry declares that the world needs a hero, a hero, a superhero, and then gets stuck to the wall by his plunger ears while he shows off. When Bob the Tomato enters and asks about the superhero costume, Larry explains that he doesn\'t feel special, that "plain old Larry" is "plain old boring". This of course dovetails with the viewer\'s letter, Myra Egleston of Youngstown, Pennsylvania, about self-esteem, and Bob starts the story. The story begins in the desert near Jerusalem, Israel where David  and his brothers  are tending a flock of sheep. These sheep tend to tip over a lot which keeps the shepherds busy. Worse, Dave\'s brothers are constantly picking on him by purposely tipping over their sheep and forcing Dave to pick them up, or making him get them food while he is working. Their father Jesse  comes with the news that the Philistines are attacking, and that King Saul  is gathering an army to face the threat. All the brothers run to volunteer, but Dave is stopped by Jesse who tells him that "big people do big things and little people do little things," so Dave must stay and tend the sheep. At King Saul\'s camp, the Israelites and the Philistines  make a deal to end the war quickly. They agree to have their champions, their two greatest fighters, face off. The tribe whose champion is victorious shall win the war, and the losing tribe will become their slaves. Seeing as how the Philistines aren\'t especially big, King Saul agrees. However, he faints in fright when his opponents bring out their champion: the massive and towering Goliath, the Giant Pickle. The story breaks here for Silly Songs with Larry. The number is "I Love My Lips", in which Larry, lying on a psychiatrist\'s couch, confesses his love for his lips and his fear of losing them. As the psychiatrist  tries to understand Larry\'s fear, Larry becomes increasingly focused on lips, to the point where everything the cucumber sees during a Rorshach test is a lip. The story then resumes. Naturally, no one is willing to fight Goliath and proceed to stall him for forty days by running and hiding. Eventually, Dave is sent to the camp to deliver some food to his brothers, and he is ashamed at the sight of his brothers and the rest of the Israelites cowering in fear. Dave then goes to King Saul and tells him that he will fight Goliath. King Saul is skeptical but reluctantly grants his permission, though he does attempt to make Dave over with his royal armor and sword. However, they are much too big, and Dave resolves to go into battle just as he is. Dave goes into battle armed only with stones, a sling, and his faith in God, while Goliath dons boxing gloves. The battle is short: Dave slings a stone at Goliath and hits him between the eyes, sending the Giant Pickle falling to the ground in defeat. Realizing their loss, the Philistines panic and run away, while the Israelites congratulate Dave for his victory and his faith. Back on the countertop, Bob explains that through God, all things are possible. This means that little people can do big things and that Larry doesn\'t need to dress up as a superhero to be special. Regardless, Larry still wants to be Larry-Boy, which is okay with Bob so long as Larry is just as comfortable with being himself. As Larry resumes his Larry-Boy act, he gets himself stuck on the camera as the credits roll.'] ["As part of an exchange program, two French students, Babette and Jacques, are spending two weeks at Charlie Brown's school, while Charlie Brown, Linus van Pelt, Peppermint Patty, and Marcie go to France. At the airport, the kids, Snoopy, and Woodstock are seen off by their friends. Lucy van Pelt, who was not invited, tells Charlie Brown not to come back. During the flight, Charlie Brown produces a letter he received that was written in French. Marcie, who had been studying French, translates and says it is an invitation from a young girl named Violette Honfleur to stay at the Chateau du Mal Voisin . Peppermint Patty asks who Violette could be, but Charlie Brown has no idea. The group first arrives in London and goes on a sightseeing tour downtown, while Snoopy and Woodstock play some tennis at Wimbledon. When Snoopy finds himself losing, he lashes out and gets thrown out from the court. Snoopy and Woodstock head to Victoria railway station and rejoin the rest of the group. They eventually travel to France and drive to the farmhouse where Peppermint Patty and Marcie will be staying with Pierre. While Marcie seems to adjust quite well, Peppermint Patty experiences significant culture shock. When Charlie Brown and Linus finally arrive at the Chateau, a thunderstorm forces them to spend the night in an empty stable. That night, Snoopy  and Woodstock head down to the local pub to drink a few pints of root beer. The next morning, Charlie Brown and Linus find that breakfast and warm blankets have been provided by an unknown benefactor. When the gang meet each other at school, Charlie Brown produces the letter from Violette, whom Pierre says that Violette is the niece of the Baron who owns the Chateau. Pierre says the Baron is a vile recluse who hates everyone, especially foreigners. That night, the Baron leaves the Chateau to go to the pub and instructs Violette not to let Charlie Brown and Linus in. Meanwhile, Charlie Brown and Linus agree to take turns standing watch to identify their mysterious benefactor. During Charlie Brown's watch, Linus wakes up to see him asleep. Linus sees that the blankets have been fixed and new food has been put out and goes to investigate, entering the Chateau and eventually finding Violette, who says that her invitation was a mistake. Violette explains that her grandmother had told her the story of a wartime love affair that she had with Silas Brown, Charlie Brown's grandfather, who was an infantryman stationed in France during World War I, and stayed at the Chateau. When Silas received his marching orders, he promised to write letters which eventually stopped coming. Violette's grandmother moved on, though she never forgot him. Meanwhile, Snoopy and Woodstock are at the pub playing foosball and overhears the Baron confide in the bartender that knows about Charlie Brown and Linus and has tolerated them long enough. The Baron returns home to Violette's surprise, and in her rush to get Linus out of the room, Violette accidentally knocks down a candle which causes a fire throughout the Chateau. Linus takes Violette towards a pair of casement windows, throws them open and shouts Charlie Brown for help. Charlie Brown wakes up and runs to the pub to call Snoopy and Woodstock. Snoopy and Woodstock rush off to the Chateau and Charlie Brown continues running to the farmhouse to call Peppermint Patty, Marcie, and Pierre. Pierre calls the Fire Department, while Peppermint Patty and Marcie follow Charlie Brown towards the flamed Chateau. When Snoopy and Woodstock arrive at the Chateau, it is engulfed in flames. Snoopy immediately heads to a shed and brings out an old fashioned fire hose, while Linus throws his blanket down to Charlie Brown, Peppermint Patty, Marcie, and Pierre which they use to catch Violette when she jumps out from the window. Snoopy moves a barrel of water under Linus who also jumps to safety, and later barks out instructions to work the hose, but the intense water pressure spins him around, splashing Charlie Brown. Woodstock pops out of the hose with a violin and begins playing along to the dramatic scene. While Snoopy is working with the hose, a fire truck with three shadowed fire fighters arrives and the fire is finally extinguished. The Baron, who is thankful that the group eventually save Linus, Violette, and the Chateau, promises that he will never be so inhospitable again. Charlie Brown learns the full truth behind the mysterious letter he received: many years ago, an American friend of Violette's family stopped in a small French village to have his hair cut, and the barber was Charlie Brown's father. Violette finds out about Charlie Brown and wrote the letter inviting him to stay. As the group prepares to leave the Chateau to return to America, Violette gives Silas' satchel to Charlie Brown. The film ends when the group says their goodbyes and gets into their beat-up rental car."] ["12-year-old Paul would like nothing more than for the magical trolls and mermaids he reads about in his favorite story to be real. He goes searching for a real troll and finally meets one named Ofoeti, who has friends like Kalotte, a mermaid, and Socrates, a talking turtle. Soon the mermaid's home is threatened by an evil bridge builder. Paul also discovers that Ofoeti is dying and has less than a day to live. Paul must see if he has what it takes to risk everything and save his new friends."] ['Another retelling of the Dragon Ball story. This time, young Goku and young Krillin are training with Master Roshi for a World Martial Arts Tournament to be held in the country of Mifan. The Emperor of Mifan, Chiaotzu, is trying to find his lost "Ran Ran." "Minister" Master Shen has Emperor Pilaf work on a Dragon Radar, takes it from him, and is using it to locate the Dragon Balls. Shen and his brother, Mercenary Tao claim that they\'ll use the wish from Shenron to locate Ran Ran, but are actually planning, with Tien\'s help, to kill Chiaotzu and take over the country. General Blue announces that Ran Ran is being held in Shen\'s room, and is killed by Tao for it. Bora and Upa have located the final Dragon Ball and they take it to Mifan to use it to demand that Mifan\'s soldiers be forced to leave the land near Korin Tower. Bora is tricked into entering the Tournament , and is then killed by Tao. Bulma, Oolong, Launch and Pu-erh are looking for the other six Dragon Balls, so Bulma can wish for a boyfriend. However, when the Dragon Balls are located, they are accidentally dropped to the bottom of the moat surrounding Chiaotzu castle. Tien realizes that he likes Chiaotzu too much, and doesn\'t kill his friend; instead, he blows away Shen. The story of Blue and Goku entering Penguin village is included, but this time it is Tao and Goku that meet Arale and Goku kills Tao with Arale\'s help. Goku throws the final ball into the moat, and asks Shenron to resurrect Bora.'] ['Princess Irene gets lost in the woods one night and is attacked by a swarm of monstrous animals, called "goblin pets." A young boy, Curdie, finds her and wards the beasts off with music, which goblins find painful. Curdie manages to get her back to the castle. The King leaves for a short time, hoping that nothing will happen to his daughter while he is away. Irene goes off exploring in the castle and finds a tower where her great great grandmother Irene comes to her to help her. Meanwhile, Curdie is helping his father in the mines, when he finds himself overhearing the goblin\'s plot to overtake the "sun people" and regain their ability to live above ground. Part of Prince Froglip\'s plot is to marry Princess Irene, so that the sun people will have to accept the goblins as their rulers. Before Curdie can run and tell the others, the goblins find him and put him away in a dungeon, but Irene manages to find him with the help of magic string her great great grandmother Irene gave to her. The goblins finally manage to flood the mines and attack the castle, but with the help of Curdie and Irene, the people fight the goblins off and save the kingdom. At the end of the VHS release, a public service announcement would play, with Claire Bloom  talking about a support hotline, where lonely children could talk to her, Princess Irene, or Curdie.'] ["John  is a bit of a day-dreamer, always drifting off during his lessons. He is sent home for not paying attention during a lesson on electricity. But on the tube on the way home suddenly the train and everyone in it turns yellow. The doctor  declares that it's harmless and should wear off soon but that evening John hears noises from his television set and meets Nic  . A strange adventure ensues which involves pet mice and John's threatened execution at the Tower of London. Or was it all a dream?"] ['The film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson  is "splurged" by members of a gang, using rapid-fire custard-shooting "splurge guns". Once splurged, a kid is "all washed up" and his career in crime is over—the splurged gangsters are never shown as dead or even unconscious, merely "finished". Speakeasy boss, Fat Sam  introduces himself and Bugsy Malone , a boxing promoter with no money . At Fat Sam\'s speakeasy, there is much dancing and singing , but Fat Sam himself is worried that his rival Dandy Dan  will come to the speakeasy and try to take over. Blousey Brown , an aspiring singer, has come for an audition, but Sam is too distracted. Bugsy meets Blousey when he trips over her luggage. He is smitten, and flirts with her. Suddenly, Fat Sam\'s is raided by Dandy Dan\'s men, who shoot the place up. Dandy Dan\'s men continue to attack Fat Sam\'s empire, eventually taking away rackets and splurging most of Fat Sam\'s gang. Fat Sam learns about the splurge guns when one is dropped and left at the scene of an attack. Fat Sam sends all his available men to see if they can track down the guns; they are trapped at a laundry and all splurged by Dandy Dan\'s gang. Bugsy returns to Fat Sam\'s to try to arrange a new audition for Blousey. He only finds Fat Sam\'s girlfriend, Tallulah , the chanteuse of the speakeasy, who tells him that she likes him. Although Bugsy rejects her flirtation, when Blousey enters, Tallulah plants a big kiss on Bugsy\'s forehead, making Blousey jealous. Blousey has her audition and Fat Sam hires her, but she still refuses to speak to Bugsy  Fat Sam hires Bugsy to come along to a meeting with Dandy Dan. This meeting turns out to be a trap, but Bugsy helps Fat Sam escape. Gratefully, Fat Sam pays him $200. Bugsy and Blousey reconcile, and have a lunch and a romantic outing on a lake. Back in the city, Bugsy promises to buy tickets for them to leave for Hollywood. However, when he returns Sam\'s car to the garage, he is attacked, and his money stolen. Bugsy is saved by Leroy Smith , who punches the attackers; seeing this, Bugsy realizes he has found a potentially great boxer. Bugsy introduces Leroy to Cagey Joe  and helps him begin training . Fat Sam once again enlists Bugsy\'s aid after his assistant Knuckles gets splurged by a splurge gun which Fat Sam invented. Bugsy breaks up the idea with Blousey to leave for Hollywood and helps fat Sam, leaving Blousey in a state of disappointment after finding out . Bugsy and Leroy follow Dandy Dan\'s men to a warehouse, where they discover the guns are being stashed. The two of them can\'t take the place alone, so Bugsy enlists the aid of a large group of down-and-out workers at a soup kitchen . They steal the crates of guns and return with them to Fat Sam\'s just as Dandy Dan\'s gang arrives. Chaos breaks out and everyone is covered in a melee of custard. A pie hits the piano player Razmataz, who falls forward, striking a single bass note with his head. Silence instantly breaks out, and then the cast, now covered in white cream , engages in a final musical number . The characters realise they can all be friends, and Bugsy and Blousey leave for Hollywood.'] ['On the bank of a tranquil English river, a young girl named Alice grows bored of listening to her older sister read aloud from a history book of William I of England. When her sister chastises Alice\'s daydreaming, Alice tells her cat Dinah that she would prefer to live in a nonsensical dreamland called Wonderland. Alice and Dinah spot a waistcoat-wearing White Rabbit passing by, and Alice gives chase as he rushes off claiming to be late for an unknown event. Alice follows him into a rabbit hole and falls into a labyrinth. She begins to float. She sees the White Rabbit disappear into a tiny door and tries to follow, but the door\'s talking knob advises her to alter her size using a mysterious drink and food. Alice eventually manages to shrink and passes through the door\'s keyhole and into Wonderland. She meets several strange characters including the Dodo and Tweedledee and Tweedledum who recount the tale of "The Walrus and the Carpenter." Alice eventually finds the White Rabbit in his house, but before she can ask what he is late for, she is sent to fetch some gloves. She eats a cookie and grows into a giant again, getting stuck in the rabbit\'s house. The White Rabbit, the Dodo, and chimney sweep Bill the Lizard believe Alice to be a monster and plot to burn the house down. Alice escapes by eating a carrot and shrinking down to the size of an insect. She meets and sings with some talking flowers, but they chase her away upon accusing her of being a weed. Alice is then instructed by the hookah-smoking Caterpillar to eat a part of his mushroom grow back to her original size. Alice decides to keep the remaining pieces of the mushroom on hand. Alice meets the Cheshire Cat who advises her to visit the Mad Hatter, March Hare and the Dormouse. The three are hosting a mad tea party and celebrate Alice\'s "unbirthday", a day where it is not her birthday. The White Rabbit appears, but the March Hare and Mad Hatter destroy his pocketwatch and throw him out of the party. Fed up with all the wonderlandians\' rudeness and wackiness, Alice abandons her pursuit of the White Rabbit and decides to go home, but gets lost in the Tulgey Wood. The Cheshire Cat appears and leads Alice into a giant hedge maze ruled by the tyrannical Queen of Hearts and her smaller husband, the King of Hearts. The Queen beheads anyone who enrages her, and invites Alice in a bizarre croquet match using flamingoes and hedgehogs as the equipment. The Cheshire Cat appears again and pulls a trick on the Queen which she accuses Alice of doing, and Alice is put on trial. Just then, she remembers that she still has the remains of the Caterpillar\'s mushroom. She eats it and grows to an enormous height which the King claims is forbidden in court. Now a gigantic size, Alice feels free to speak her mind and in doing so she openly insults the Queen. However, she had hastily eaten both sides of the mushroom and shrinks to her normal size. She is forced to flee after the Queen orders her execution. Alice becomes pursued by most of Wonderland\'s characters until she finally reunites with the Doorknob, who then tells her she is having a dream, forcing Alice to wake herself up. The film ends as Alice and her sister head home for tea.'] ['Abby wants very much to be in her own fairy tale. Elmo takes an interest in Abby\'s wish and tells her the story of "Alice in Wonderland". For a second Abby falls asleep and she opens her eyes to see that she is wearing a blue dress and blouse and Elmo has turned into a rabbit and is in a great hurry. Abby follows Elmo down a tunnel. At the bottom she loses her wand to Elmo, who disappears at the end of the tunnel. Abby notices there is a small door, but its locked. She finds the key to the door on a table that just appeared. She unlocks the door, but she\'s too big to fit through the little door. With that she closes, locks the door and puts the key back on the table. Then Abby notices there is a bottle that just appeared. Before Abby can drink it, the bottle tells her not to drink him, but say things that rhyme with \'drink\'. Abby does and she shrinks to the right size to go through the door, but she recalls she locked it and left the key on the table, where it is out of her reach. Abby finds a cookie who tells her to say things that rhyme with \'eat\'. Abby says so many rhymes, she grows pretty big, but she manages to balance her size, grab the key and shrink herself to a small size. Abby takes Bottle and Cookie with her as she unlocks the door and enters a flowerbed. Further in the flowerbed, Abby meets Counterpillar and his partner Little Rose-Ita, but does not want to join in their counting game. With Cookie\'s help, Abby restores herself to her regular size. Just then Elmo rushes past and Abby runs after him, passing Tweedle-Dum and Tweedle-Dee, who mention, that they are actually not in this story. Abby bumps into a tree and hears some munching. She sees a pair of eyes and the Cheshire Cookie Cat appears. He points Abby in the direction of a tea party. At the tea party are seated the Mad Hatter, Elmo and Mousie. To Abby\'s surprise, the Hatter doesn\'t serve tea, but letters \'T\' in the cups. The Hatter shows Abby his collection of hats. After that Abby asks Elmo for her wand, but with the hole in his pocket, he dropped it somewhere. The Chesire Cookie Cat appears, guzzles up all the scones and cookies and scares away Mousie. Abby walks down a path in the search for her wand until she sees the path forks into four directions. As Elmo comes to talk with Abby, she sits down in despair of being lost in this wonderland. Soon Elmo rushes off to attend the King\'s Croquet Game. Abby follows him and finds a door in a tree. The door takes her to the messy castle of the king, "The Grouch of Cards". The king has Abby\'s wand thinking it\'s a new royal scepter. Abby tries to get her wand back, challenging the king to a game of croquet, but he cheats. Elmo protests at the king\'s decision to keep the wand. Before his grouchlings can throw out Abby and Elmo, they both use Cookie to grow large. They scare the grouchlings and the king away. Once Abby and Elmo restore themselves to their original size, Abby reclaims her wand. Abby is unable to magic herself back home, but Elmo reminds her she\'s still dreaming. Back in Sesame Street Elmo shakes Abby awake. Although Abby sort of got her wish to be in a fairy tale, she thinks she\'s better off being in a fairy tale when she\'s a little older. With that Abby and Elmo go off to play.'] ['The film opens in a California forest as a group of alien botanists collect flora samples. U.S. government agents appear on the scene , and the aliens flee in their spaceship, mistakenly leaving one of their own behind. The scene shifts to a suburban home, where a boy named Elliott, age 10, is trying to hang out with his 16-year-old brother Michael and his friends. As he returns from picking up a pizza, Elliott discovers that something is hiding in their toolshed. The creature promptly flees upon being discovered. Despite his family\'s disbelief, Elliott lures the alien from the forest to his bedroom using a trail of Reese\'s Pieces candy. Before he goes to sleep, Elliott realizes the alien is imitating his movements. Elliott feigns illness the next morning to stay home from school and play with the alien. Later that day Michael and their sister, 5-year-old Gertie, meet the alien. They decide to keep him hidden from their mother. When they ask it about its origin, the alien levitates several balls to represent its solar system and then demonstrates its powers by reviving a dead plant. At school the next day, Elliott begins to experience a psychic connection with the alien. Exhibiting signs of intoxication due to the alien drinking beer, Elliott begins freeing all the frogs from a dissection class. As the alien watches John Wayne kiss Maureen O\'Hara in The Quiet Man, Elliott\'s link causes him to kiss a girl he likes.  The alien learns to speak English by repeating what Gertie says as she watches Sesame Street and, at Elliott\'s urging, dubs itself "E.T." E.T. reads a comic strip where Buck Rogers, stranded, calls for help by building a makeshift communication device, and is inspired to try it himself. He gets Elliott\'s help in building a device to "phone home" by using a Speak & Spell toy. Michael notices that E.T.\'s health is declining and that Elliott is referring to himself as "we". On Halloween, Michael and Elliott dress E.T. as a ghost so they can sneak him out of the house. Elliott and E.T. ride a bicycle to the forest, where E.T. makes a successful call home. The next morning, Elliott wakes up in the field, only to find E.T. gone, so he returns home to his distressed family. Michael searches for and finds E.T. dying in a ditch and takes him to Elliott, who is also dying. Mary becomes frightened when she discovers her son\'s illness and the dying alien, just as government agents invade the house. Scientists set up a medical facility there, quarantining Elliott and E.T. Their link disappears and E.T. then appears to die while Elliott recovers. A grief-stricken Elliott is left alone with the motionless alien when he notices a dead flower, the plant E.T. had previously revived, coming back to life. E.T. reanimates and reveals that his people are returning. Elliott and Michael steal a van that E.T. had been loaded into and a chase ensues, with Michael\'s friends joining them as they attempt to evade the authorities by bicycle. Suddenly facing a dead end, they escape as E.T. uses telekinesis to lift them into the air and toward the forest. Standing near the spaceship, E.T.\'s heart glows as he prepares to return home. Mary, Gertie, and "Keys", a government agent, show up. E.T. says goodbye to Michael and Gertie, as Gertie presents E.T. with the plant that he had revived. Before entering the spaceship, E.T. tells Elliott "I\'ll be right here", pointing his glowing finger to Elliott\'s forehead. He then picks up the plant Gertie gave him, walks into the spaceship, and takes off, leaving a rainbow in the sky as Elliott  watches the ship leave.'] [" The film revolves around a special team of trained secret agent animals, equipped with advanced tools that allows the mammalian members to talk to humans. The primary field team consists of Darwin , Juarez , Blaster , star-nosed mole Speckles , and fly Mooch . The unit's leader Ben, orders an unauthorised infiltration of the residence of home electronics and appliances magnates, Leonard Saber, the owner of Saberling Technology, who has been under FBI investigation. The team is able to retrieve sensitive information about a sinister scheme that is set to occur in 29 hours. However, when Ben's superior arrives for his evaluation, his astonishment at the team's capabilities and technology is overcome by his indignation at Ben's unauthorized mission and the fact that the downloaded intelligence appears to be useless information about Saber's coffee makers. As a result, the government agent orders the unit shut down, the equipment seized and the animals to be used as experimental subjects to be killed. With the help of their human compatriots, Darwin, Juarez, Blaster, Mooch, and Speckles escape with hopes of stopping Saber's scheme, but find themselves in a pet carrying case bound for a pet shop. Trapped in the store's pet rodent display case, G-Force meets Hurley, Bucky, an irascible hamster and three sycophantic mice. Although Blaster and Juarez manage to get themselves sold to a family with plans to return to extract their comrades, Speckles' own attempt to escape by playing dead ends disastrously when he is thrown into and supposedly crushed in a garbage truck. Meanwhile, Mooch manages to return to Ben to tell him where his mammalian agents are, but Darwin escapes with Hurley before he can arrive to collect them. While Blaster and Juarez escape their new owners to return to Ben, he and his partner discover that the discredited intel has a destructive computer function that apparently hid the scheme. At this time, Darwin and Hurley make their own way to their superior. En route, Darwin sees a Saber coffee maker and decides to investigate it, but his examination of the machine makes it come alive as a dangerous fighting robot that he and Hurley are able to defeat. Later Darwin and Hurley transport the wreckage to Ben by a skateboard. However, upon arrival, Ben confesses the shattering information that they are not special genetically enhanced animals as previously told, but ordinary ones Ben took in and trained for the team . However, Hurley lifts them from their despair by reminding the team of the astounding feats he has seen them do and the fact that they obviously made themselves extraordinary on their own. Emboldened but with little time to stop the scheme, Ben provides the field team with the means to infiltrate the Saber residence and plant a virus in the computer mainframe. Unfortunately, FBI agents are ordered to capture the animals dead or alive, forcing the team to elude them with an extended pursuit thanks to a high speed vehicle especially designed for them called the Rapid Deployment Vehicle . After that is accomplished and the team infiltrates Saber's mainframe, the plan is put into motion, and the resulting battle separates the group, only leaving Darwin and Mooch to take the mainframe down. At the same time, Leonard Saber is shocked to discover that his appliances have become killing machines, expecting them to simply be able to effectively communicate with each other, while FBI takes advantage of this obvious pretext to finally openly move against the industrialist. When Darwin reaches the mainframe, he finds out that Speckles is the mastermind of the plan, whose masterstroke is to cause a massive planetwide bombardment of space junk pulled from orbit to make the planet surface uninhabitable. Speckles promptly amalgamates the various appliances in the vicinity into a giant walking robot like being, which, combined with a localised bombardment of orbital debris, soon overpowers the police forces gathered at the mansion. Darwin manages to persuade Speckles that his new family is with the rest of the team and Ben, who had taken them all in. Speckles concedes, and realising that he has gone too far, tries to shut it down, but he has lost control and the machines continue their onslaught. Darwin uses the computer virus on his PDA to take it down. The guinea pigs are personally commended by the FBI Director who also appoints them special agents of the FBI. Furthermore, G-Force is reinstated as a unit of the Bureau and expanded with Hurley, Bucky and the mice inducted as new recruits. Meanwhile, Saber makes the largest product recall in history, Speckles is given the punitive duty of personally removing the malicious chips from all Saber products, which number into the tens of millions, and Agent Killian was relocated to an FBI base in the South Pole."] ['Foodfight! takes place in the supermarket at night after everyone has left. The grocery store transforms into a city, and from every door of this city comes two types of characters: well-known marketing icons and new characters, including Dex Dogtective , Sunshine Goodness  and Daredevil Dan . They all hang out at the Copa-Banana in the produce section. Soon, Brand X moves into town, and Lady X  and her minions try to take over.{{cite web}} The animated icons and fictional characters of products — like Mr. Clean and Chester Cheetah — fight the evil "Brand X".TDRL Pursues Paradigm Shift With Foodfight!'] ["Sam Simms ([[Sinbad  is a Secret Service agent assigned by his superior Wilkes  to protect President Paul Davenport's  rebellious 13-year-old son Luke Davenport  after Luke's behavior causes another agent Woods  to be replaced for mistreating Luke in front of media cameras. Woods is later fired for failing his physical. Simms sees this assignment as undesirable, but a possible stepping stone to protecting the President. He fails to connect with the boy at first, and Luke continues to misbehave, including an incident where he releases his pet snake Poison into a White House party. After seeing Luke get beat up by the school bully Rob , Simms feels sorry for him - he had felt alone as a teenager, too  - and they become friends. Simms, a former boxing champion, agrees to sneak Luke out against the wishes of the chief of security Morton  and teach him how to fight. Meanwhile, Luke agonizes over asking the cutest girl, Katie, to the school dance, which he finally does successfully with Simms's help. On the night of the dance, a backpack is left outside of the White House and Luke is not allowed to go due to the security risk, even though his parents gave him permission. Simms pities him and, breaking the rules again, he takes him to the dance. There, Rob tries to attack Luke again while Simms is distracted, but this time Luke puts him down. After that, Secret Service agents bust the school dance and retrieve Luke. Simms is suspended and not allowed to speak with Luke, who is crushed that his friend has apparently 'abandoned' him. Luke, [grounded] and with a homing device attached to him, receives advice from an online friend, Mongoose12, on how to escape the White House and meet him at a local mall. Luke agrees, but it is revealed that Mongoose12 was in fact former agent Woods, who kidnaps him. When Luke goes missing, Simms is given another chance to protect him, and with the help of a friend he quickly tracks Luke to the mall. In a standoff, Woods says he was planning on returning Luke to the President so he could be a hero and get his job back, but now he wants to kill him instead. He blames Luke for making him lose his job, and even his wife. As other agents arrive, Simms takes a bullet in the arm that was intended for Luke and Woods is subdued by other arriving Secret Service agents. In the final scene of the film, Simms is offered Presidential duty which he declines in order to stay with Luke's biology teacher. Luke is relieved of his last punishment, and while playing street hockey with friends, hits the puck in Simms' forehead, ensuing a chase-off between Simms and Luke. This film would also turn out to be the final on screen appearance for Sonny Bono, who, at the time of the film's release, was serving in the U.S. House of Representatives. Sonny plays himself as a Congressman coming to the White House to visit the President. Simms bumps into him  outside the Oval Office and fawns over him."] ['Because one of Larry\'s silly songs, "The Song of the Cebu" was so silly and confusing, Archibald Asparagus has replaced Silly Songs with Larry with "Love Songs with Mr. Lunt" which makes Larry very depressed and to drown his sorrows in Jimmy\'s ice cream parlor. Jimmy tries to cheer up Larry by showing some other silly songs from the past on his parlor\'s Jukebox, but fails miserably and he still does not understand why Larry is so upset. Archibald later appears with his wife and at first tries to avoid being recognized by Larry, but eventually he reveals himself and shows Mr. Lunt\'s silly song, "His Cheeseburger", revealing the reason for Larry\'s depression. After seeing this, Jimmy is angry and stands up for Larry, stating that he would feel the same way if he were in Larry\'s position. Archibald then apologizes and reads Larry a petition from millions of fans, which says the misunderstanding from "The Song of the Cebu" should be forgiven and later includes that Larry can perform his silly songs again. Larry is overjoyed and is given the honors to put in his latest silly song. The episode then concludes with Larry playing the song "Yodelling Veterinarian of the Alps."'] [" Eric, a young boy, is excited about his birthday after reading a book and believes that a train will come for him, despite his sister Jill's disbelief. A few hours later, the train station's control tower wakes up and in the roundhouse, Tillie, a young little blue switcher engine, along with her best bird friend, Chip, wakes up four other trains: Georgia, a kind all-purpose engine, Farnsworth, a stuck-up passenger engine, Jebediah, a worn-out old engine, and Pete, a gruff, burly freight engine. After the tower assigns Farnsworth and Pete their jobs, Tillie tries to help with the milk train assigned to Jebediah, but the tower insists that she is too small for the job. Georgia is assigned to pull the birthday train. A clown named Rollo leads the toys into the train, including Stretch, a basketball player; Missy, a ballerina; a Handy Pandy, a panda; Perky, an elephant; and Grumpella, a stuffed bird. During her journey, Georgia breaks down and is taken back to the roundhouse by Doc. Left behind, Rollo eventually takes Doc's advice of flagging down one of the other engines returning from their daily runs over the mountain. Farnsworth and Pete turn down their offers to pull the train. Meanwhile, Tillie asks the tower to rescue the stranded train, but he insists that Tillie will never do the job. Jebediah turns down his offer to pull the train because of his age, and returns to the roundhouse. Chip and Tillie sneak past the sleeping tower and pulls the birthday train up a mountain. Despite being ridiculed by the animals along the way, Tillie manages to reach the summit. However, an avalanche knocks Tillie out cold. Eric is woken up by a thunderstorm and is worried about Tillie and the birthday train. After Tillie regains consciousness, she pulls the train out of the snow using her cowcatcher as a snowplough and down the mountain before they reach the town, much to Eric and Jill's happiness. The film ends with Tillie, who although very tired from her long and adventurous journey over the mountain, is very proud and happy and tells her best friend Chip that she did what she could."] ['During the British Raj, Sergeant Donald McDuff escorts Joyce Williams, an impoverished widow, and her young daughter, Priscilla, to a remote military outpost on the northern frontier of India, to live with her stern father-in-law, Colonel Williams. Along the way, they witness the capture of notorious rebel chief Khoda Khan. Soon, Priscilla, nicknamed \'Wee Willie Winkie\' by McDuff, wins the hearts of all the soldiers, especially her grandfather and McDuff; even Khoda Khan is touched by her visits to cheer him up in his captivity. Meanwhile, her mother is courted by Lieutenant Brandes. Khoda Khan is rescued by his men in a daring night raid and a fight breaks out. McDuff is fatally wounded while out on patrol. He passes away in the hospital, while Winkie sings "Auld Lang Syne" to him. Winkie decides to persuade Khoda Khan to stop fighting when Mohammed-din, a soldier who is actually Khan\'s spy, smuggles her out of the base and takes her to the rebel mountain fortress. Khoda Khan is greatly pleased; he thinks that the colonel will bring his entire regiment in a hopeless attempt to rescue her. Colonel Williams halts his force out of range and walks alone to the entrance. A few of Khan\'s men start shooting at Williams, and Winkie rushes to her grandfather\'s side. Impressed by the colonel\'s courage and overcome with empathy for the child, Khoda Khan orders his men to stop firing. He agrees to negotiate and the war ends.'] ["Henry Bigg learns that his parents have been lost during an archaeological trip to Africa, although the remains of their plane have been found. His Uncle Augustus, says his housekeeper Mrs. Evans, is his next of kin and therefore his legal guardian. Thus, Henry moves to Augustus' residence, as the uncle neither wants to have a housekeeper nor move to his nephew's house. Meanwhile, Tom and Lucy Little  snag an apple that Mrs. Evans had left for Henry. They repay the boy by finding his lucky rabbit's foot and sneaking it in his suitcase. But then they are carried away to Augustus' house, trapped inside the luggage. Another two of the tiny creatures, Grandpa and Dinky, soon find them. There, the Littles soon learn of Augustus' ill-tempered and mean-spirited ways: He treats Henry more like a slave, and is planning on replacing his nephew's house with a shopping mall. While the creatures try to escape, Henry discovers Grandpa and Dinky, not knowing who—or what—they are. Augustus also sees them, but mistaking them for toys, grabs them from Henry and locks them in the desk drawer in his study. Here, Dinky and Grandpa discover that Augustus forged the documents in order to become Henry's legal guardian, as well as to steal and redevelop the Biggs' property. To rescue those two, Lucy persuades Tom to talk to Henry—a bold move, considering that humans never knew about the creatures until recently. Grandpa and Dinky, whom Henry finds inside the study, both prove the evidence of Augustus' fraud. Before Augustus locks him inside his room, Henry soon creates a diversion allowing Tom and Lucy to save them. Eventually, Lucy and Tom are hungry, and begin to search for food. Tom gets trapped in a jar of honey, and a change of plans ensues: the Littles must rescue Henry before they can save Tom. At first Grandpa resists, but consents since Henry has already met them. After several attempts to escape, the Littles finally flee away aboard their gas-powered toy plane, but cause a garage fire that wakes up Augustus. Henry attempts to go to the police station, but gets lost and is eventually caught by his uncle. The Littles, however, distract Augustus long enough for Henry to run down there. Meanwhile, Augustus orders the demolition crew by phone to start tearing down the Biggs' place. When the Littles get to Henry's house, they split up; Grandpa looks for Mr. and Mrs. Little while the others try to sabotage the bulldozer. Both plans succeed just in the nick of time. The moment Augustus arrives, policemen arrest him. Henry is reunited with Mrs. Evans, and prepares to meet his rediscovered parents at the airport. He casts a knowing wink at the gate, as the Littles watch on."] ["Wolf , Granny , and Twitchy  are on a rescue mission to save Hansel and Gretel  from an evil witch . The plan goes wrong however and Granny is kidnapped as well. Meanwhile, Red  is in training with a mysterious group called the Sisters of the Hood where she learns that a secret all powerful truffle recipe has been stolen. She teams up with Wolf and Twitchy to find the recipe and save her grandma, but she and Wolf can't get along and the team splits up. Meanwhile the witch, Verushka, who stole the truffle recipe, tries to force Granny into making it for her. Granny escapes and finds Hansel and Gretel, but learns that they are actually the masterminds behind the plot. Granny is recaptured and learns that Verushka was an old classmate of hers when they were both in training with the Sisters of the Hood; Verushka was always second behind Granny's accomplishments. Eventually Red, Wolf, and Twitchy team back together and infiltrate Hansel and Gretel's base. Red accidentally reveals the final ingredient for the truffle recipe and the truffles are made. Hansel and Gretel eat the truffles transforming into giants and go on a rampage through the city. Hansel and Gretel betray Verushka and Granny convinces her to join forces with her, Red, Wolf, and Twitchy. They trick Hansel and Gretel into eating more truffles which make them so obese that they can no longer move their arms and legs. Hansel and Gretel are then arrested."] ['The Care Bears live in a cloud-filled land known as Care-a-lot . One of the Bears, Grumpy, is working on a rainbow carousel for the upcoming Care Bear Fair. His fellow Care Bears come by for a look; one of them, Funshine, loves telling jokes and making the other Care Bears laugh. After they reluctantly agree to try the carousel, it goes out of control and sends them into the sky before crashing down. Grumpy feels even worse after Funshine tries to cheer him up with a joke on height restrictions, which the other Bears find funny. Grumpy is not amused, and even goes so far as to tell Funshine that if he doesn\'t understand that cheering up isn\'t making fun of, then maybe Funshine doesn\'t belong in Care-A-Lot. As a result, the Bears force Grumpy to apologise to the ursine comedian. Reading from a note, Tenderheart Bear realizes that Funshine has felt sorry for Grumpy and has gone in search of a place where his talents can be better appreciated. The other Bears are worried about his fate; as they cannot hold their Fair without him, they decide to look for him regardless and bring him back to Care-a-lot. Five of them&mdash; Tenderheart, Grumpy, Wish, Cheer and Share volunteer, while Laugh-a-Lot, Love-a-Lot, Friend, Good Luck, Bedtime and Champ stay home to get ready for the fair. The day after he runs away , Funshine hears circus music in the distance, and strays from his camping spot to find out. Taking a seat on a bumper car, he embarks on a long ride which leads him to Joke-a-lot, a town where humour is dominant . The area\'s residents are astonished when he lands via parachute upon the town square; a female piglet called Gig tells him where he now is. Then a rat named Sir Funnybone arrives at the scene, and dubs Funshine the area\'s long-lost King . Funnybone actually placed the car within the woods so that he could begin to gain his own power; he tells that to his henchmen, a trio of houseflies named Phido, Cleon and Bidel. Eventually, Funshine learns the hard way that "serious" is a very bad word in Joke-a-lot. The Joke-a-lot residents celebrate a "Laff-Fest" in his honour; Funnybone gives him a tour of the town, and takes him to his Royal Palace, where Funshine learns of the last two Kings and is introduced to the Royal Sceptre. Stored in a vault within the voice-activated Royal Treasury, the sceptre holds the Royal Jewels of Joke-a-lot, which Funnybone says are "the source of the magic power behind all the fun" there; only the king is granted access. Funshine wants to look, but Funnybone tells him that a coronation is about to take place. He plans to take command of the sceptre, now in the hands of a slow, elderly alligator called Grand Duke Giggle. At the coronation, Joke-a-lot\'s new "king" tells his audience two jokes to pass the time, before Grand Duke Giggle proceeds to give him the sceptre. Meanwhile, the other Care Bears find his belongings and take the same ride that he did. After they crash into the Royal Palace, Funshine is delighted to see them, but the Bears are a bit puzzled over what he has become. They miss Funshine and want him to return to Care-a-lot where he belongs; thus, he must make a very difficult decision&mdash;to head back home with them, or remain King of Joke-a-lot . He then announces that he will go home, but Sir Funnybone wants him to stay as king. During the "Laff-Fest", Giggle gives the sceptre to the new king. Funnybone orders Phido, Cleon and Bidel to steal it when Funshine is not looking. He gets into the Treasury with it, unlocks the Royal Jewels, and escapes with this loot on a pink dirigible. As Grumpy is fixing his carousel, the other Bears must use it to stop Funnybone. The machine spins onto the dirigible, bursting the balloon and sending it aground. When the Care Bears come to the rat, he reveals his real name and homeland&mdash;Basil Ratbone, from the No Fun Atoll, whose inhabitants have lived through a "serious" modus operandi. He wanted the jewels so much to enliven his fellow residents that he planned on stealing them from Joke-a-lot, and even pretended that Funshine\'s "tummy symbol" was the royal birthmark. Instead, the real one&mdash;a "smiley mouth"&mdash;was at the back of Gig\'s ears. The other Bears open the chest to find a jack-in-the-box, and other toys, which Funshine assures them are the real magic jewels. Funnybone apologises for his misdeeds, and soon all of Joke-a-lot attends a coronation in which Gig becomes their Princess . The Bears promise to return to Joke-a-lot on occasion, and ride home on the flying horses from their carousel.'] ['In a castle, Cinderella\'s mice friends Gus and Jaq race to a chamber where the Fairy Godmother is reading the story of Cinderella to the other mice. Much to their disappointment, Gus and Jaq arrive just as the Fairy Godmother has finished the story. With the Fairy Godmother\'s help, the mice set off to make a new book to narrate what happens after the Happily Ever After, by stringing three segments of stories together into one narrative.  Cinderella is put in charge of the palace banquets and parties while the King and Prince Charming are away. However, the princess realizes she is dissatisfied with the way they are usually run, led by a sharp and snobbish woman named Prudence. With the help of his friends, Cinderella persuades everyone in the palace that everyone in the kingdom, including the commoners, should be allowed to participate in the next royal banquet and not everything has to agree with traditional ways. The mice add that story to the book as Jaq gets some magical help from the Fairy Godmother opening a bottle of ink. Proclaiming that he does not like "that magic stuff," Gus reminds him of his last encounter with it. Looking to impress Mary, a mouse who Jaq loves, Jaq allows the Fairy Godmother to tell his story.  One of Cinderella mouse friends, Jaq, thinks he is too small to help Cinderella in the palace like he did in the first movie. The Fairy Godmother shows up to help him out, and turns him into a human so he can help out like everyone else. However, this does not stop Pom Pom, the palace\'s snobby cat, who became the mice\'s new nemesis as soon as they moved to the palace along with Cinderella, from chasing Jaq around. He is named "Sir Hugh", after coughing while trying to tell Cinderella that he is now human. After an incident with an elephant at a fair, he learns to be happy for who he is. It is also made evident that Jaq is in love with another mouse named Mary and that Pom Pom belongs to the same woman who was terrified of Jaq. One of the mice inadvertently spills magic dust onto the art supplies, causing them to become animated. The supplies begin to almost destroy the nearly completed book until the Fairy Godmother puts a stop to it. As the mice survey the mess, they reminisce how they have seen worse and Jaq tells them of the time Anastasia fell in love.  Anastasia, Cinderella\'s stepsister, falls in love with a kind but common baker, which her mother Lady Tremaine and older sister Drizella are not too happy with. They still want her to marry a rich man, and convince her to forget about the baker and say that everything in the baker\'s shop is inferior; Anastasia ignores Tremaine\'s warning. Meanwhile, Lucifer starts chasing Cinderella\'s mice and Anastasia is kicked by a horse when she and the baker meet, and is mortified when she crashes into the baker\'s shop. However, Cinderella finds out about Anastasia\'s feelings and tries to push her and the baker together. During the process, Lucifer enters the palace and continues to chase Cinderella\'s mice, but during the chase, he falls in love with Pom Pom despite her disliking him. The mice help their old nemesis fall in love with Pom Pom, that is, if Lucifer promises to stop chasing mice. When Lucifer and Pom Pom get together, Pom Pom goads Lucifer into breaking his promise and helping her catch the mice. In the ensuing chase, the mice push a bucket of water on Pom Pom, and she leaves Lucifer out of spite. The baker, meanwhile, asks Anastasia to the upcoming ball, which her mother and Drizella disapprove of. Anastasia stays with the baker and falls in love. The mice finish their book. They sing a reprise of "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" as they chase after Cinderella in an attempt to give her the book. When they catch up with her she asks them what it is, Gus telling her is a book about them all. Cinderella thinks it is wonderful and asks if the mice would like to read it together, to which the mice give a resounding "Yes!". They gather in front of the fire and Cinderella begins to read.'] ['King Triton and his wife, Queen Athena, rule over the underwater kingdom of Atlantica, which is filled with music and laughter. They have seven young daughters, the youngest of whom is Ariel. The merfolk are shown relaxing in a lagoon above water, and Triton gives Athena a music box. Suddenly, a pirate ship approaches. Everyone escapes except Athena, who is crushed by the ship when she tries to save the music box. Devastated by Athena\'s death, Triton throws the music box into the ocean and bans music from the kingdom. Ten years later, Ariel and her six older sisters live under a strict routine maintained by their governess, Marina Del Rey and her assistant, Benjamin. Marina hates being the girls\' governess and longs to be Triton\'s attaché, a job currently filled by Sebastian the crab. Ariel is frustrated by their current lifestyle, which brings her into conflict with her father. One day, Ariel encounters Flounder, a young fish whom she later follows to an underground music club. She is overjoyed by the presence of music, and is shocked when she sees Sebastian performing there. When her presence is revealed, the entire band stops playing and hides, believing Ariel will tell her father about them. Ariel sings a song explaining her love of music and the remembrance of her mother and she joins the club with an oath. Ariel returns to the palace, and her sisters confront her over her disappearance. She explains where she was, and the following night all seven sisters go to the club to have fun. Marina secretly finds them, and she later reports their activities to Triton. Sebastian, Flounder and the band are sent to jail, while Marina gets the job she wants. Triton confines his daughters to the palace, which results in Ariel asking him why music isn\'t allowed. Triton refuses to answer and shouts that he won\'t have music in his kingdom. Distraught, Ariel says that Athena wouldn\'t have wanted music to be forbidden and angrily swims to the girls\' bedroom, her saddened sisters soon following. That night, she decides to leave Atlantica and frees the jailbirds. Sebastian leads them to a deserted place far from the palace where Ariel finds Athena\'s music box, as Sebastian hoped. Ariel and Sebastian decide to return to Atlantica to bring the music box to Triton, hoping that it will change his mind, as he has forgotten how to be happy after Athena\'s death. On the way back, they are confronted by Marina and her electric eels. Marina wants to stop them so she will retain her position of "power", and a struggle ensues. It ends when Marina barrels towards Sebastian, but Ariel pushes her away, getting hit in the process. Triton arrives in time to witness this, and he is remorseful for his actions. He sings the lyrics of "Athena\'s Song", and Ariel wakes up. The film ends with Triton restoring music to Atlantica and appointing Sebastian as the new court composer, much to everyone\'s glee. Everyone rejoices except Marina, who has been sent to prison. Inside the prison cell, Benjamin, who was also arrested for knowing about Marina\'s evil plan, asks Marina if she\'s learned her lesson. She reluctantly says yes, and Benjamin asks Marina to dance with him. They begin to dance from inside the cell.'] ['The preschool-age DVD tells the story of a wooden toy train who pretends to be a real train. The main character, Busy Little Engine, appears alternately as a wooden toy train in a playroom and as a full-scale-size train in real-world backgrounds. With its intentionally gentle pacing and static camera work, it has been called "a young child\'s picture book come-to-life".{{By whom?}} Busy Little Engine pretends to be a real train but does not actually know what real trains do. This presents a problem which is soon solved with the help of Busy Little Engine\'s puppet friend, Pig, and the off-screen narrator. Through the course of the show, Busy Little Engine and Pig explore the everyday world using role-playing and imagination. Viewers learn about tangible topics such as raw goods, finished materials and basic railroad operations along with esoteric topics such as pretending, taking turns, and learning from others.'] ['The North Siblings, Benjamin, Crista and Marco, must rescue their missing Uncle Rudy, who has gone to the Himalayas in search of the mythical Yeti. The first decision that the player has to make is when their Fokker F27 has a fuel leak and they either have to parachute or stay. Producer Jeff Norton explains that they aspired to create alternate story paths  with different character and story developments and yet still obey the rules of their fictional world.<ref namehttp://www.dove.org/news.asp?ArticleID"Choose Your Own Adventure" DVD Is Brainchild of Jeff Norton and Michelle Crames |accessdateCarpenter |firstThe Dove Foundation }}'] [' Coraline Jones moves with her mother and father from her comfortable life in Pontiac, Michigan to the Pink Palace, a dilapidated three-bedroom apartment building in Ashland, Oregon, which is also occupied by retired actresses Misses Spink and Forcible, and eccentric Russian acrobat Mr. Bobinsky. With her parents perpetually working on a gardening catalog and paying little attention to her, Coraline feels neglected and decides to explore their new home, befriending Wybie Lovat, the grandson of the apartments\' landlady. While exploring, Coraline finds a small door sealed off by a brick wall. That night, Coraline is awakened by a mouse and follows it to the small door where she discovers a long, dark corridor in the brick wall\'s place. Coraline goes through it and finds herself in the Other World, a fantastical parallel version of the Pink Palace inhabited by doppelgangers of her parents called the Other Mother and Other Father, who have black buttons for eyes. These beings prove to be warmer and more attentive than Coraline\'s real parents, particularly the Other Mother, who does everything she can to impress Coraline. Coraline decides to stay the night at the Other World, but when she wakes the next morning, she finds herself in her old world. Despite warnings of danger from her neighbors, Coraline continues to go to the Other World at night to escape from the doldrums of her real life and is entertained by button-eyed "Other" versions of her neighbors, including a mute Other Wybie, who guides her through the Other World. During her third visit, Coraline encounters a black cat from her own world that has the ability to talk in the Other World, and also warns Coraline of danger. She disregards the warnings until the Other Mother invites her to live in the Other World forever if she sews buttons over her eyes. When Coraline demands to return home, the Other Mother angrily reveals her true form as a monstrous witch and traps Coraline in a small room behind a mirror where she meets the ghosts of three children who had lost their eyes and souls to the Other Mother. With the help of the Other Wybie, Coraline escapes to her own world, but finds that her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother. Armed with a seeing stone provided by the real Spink and Forcible, Coraline returns to the Other World and challenges the Other Mother to a game to find her missing parents and the eyes of the ghost children in the Other World, agreeing to stay in the Other World if she loses. Coraline uses her seeing stone to find the ghosts\' eyes and outwits the twisted inhabitants of the Other World guarding them, and later finds her parents trapped in a snow globe. Knowing that the Other Mother will never let her leave even if she wins, Coraline tricks the Other Mother into opening the door to the real world and escapes through it, closing the door on the Other Mother\'s hand and severing it. Coraline finds her parents safe with no memory of what had happened, and the ghost children at peace. To keep the Other Mother from returning, Coraline intends to drop the key to the door between her world and the Other World down a water well near her house, but the Other Mother\'s severed hand enters Coraline\'s world and tries to drag Coraline back to the Other World. Wybie arrives and destroys the hand, and he and Coraline drop its remains and the key down the well. With her parents done with their work and able to spend time with their daughter, Coraline holds a garden party with her family and neighbors, content with her new life. In a post-credits scene, the mice are floating around and around.'] ['Two 13-year-old blind girls Marie and Inga are close friends in a boarding school for the blind, and share a love for music. The girls are fairly sheltered in their school, and have a motto, "Trau bloß keinem Gucki!" . They try out for a school band, but despite their musical skills they are turned away for their blindness. Then Marie meets a young émigré from Kazakhstan, "Herbert" , and hides him from the police in the school, with the help of the sighted caretaker Mr. Karl . Herbert needs money to return to his homeland, against his father\'s wishes. Inga proposes that the three form a band of clowns  to play music in the street, "The Blind Flyers", with Herbert pretending to be blind as well. The band is successful—for a time. According to the director, the film was not supposed to be about blindness per se, and aimed to portray blind people as normal. And although the characters Marie and Inga are totally blind, they are played by partially sighted actresses Ricarda Ramünke  and Maria Rother, who in real life attend boarding schools for the visually impaired.'] ['Chance, an American Bulldog (played by [[Rattler  and narrator of the film, opens the film by explaining that he is the pet of Jamie Burnford , but expresses no interest in his owner or having a "home". He shares his home with Shadow, (played by [[Ben , an older Golden Retriever owned by Jamie\'s brother Peter Burnford , and Sassy, a Himalayan cat (played by [[Tiki , owned by their sister Hope . Bob Seaver  is marrying Laura Burnford , joining the family. Shortly after the wedding, the family goes on a trip to San Francisco, leaving the pets at a ranch belonging to Kate , a family friend. Kate later goes on a cattle drive, leaving the animals at the ranch to be looked after by one of her ranch hands. However, the animals think they have been abandoned, and Shadow begins to worry about Peter, so he decides to go find them. Sassy and a reluctant Chance follow. They head into the rocky, mountainous wilderness, with Shadow leading by instinct. After a night spent in fear of the woodland noise, the group stops to catch breakfast at a river. Two black bears steal Chance\'s fish, and when Chance barks at them in protest, they suddenly leave the fish and climb a tree. Chance cockily assumes that he has scared them off, but then a huge brown bear appears, causing the group to quickly flee, also. At another river, Sassy refuses to swim across to follow the dogs, running along the river until she reaches a path of wood that seems to cross its breadth. Halfway across, it breaks apart and she falls in. Shadow jumps in to try to save her, but she goes over a waterfall. Shadow and Chance search for her along the bank, but as night falls, they mourn their loss and continue without her. A half-drowned Sassy is rescued from the river by a man who lives in the woods, who nurses her back to health. Without Sassy, the dogs struggle to catch fish from the river. A mountain lion begins stalking them. Chance spots the mountain lion while he is fishing. He tells Shadow, but Shadow does not believe him until he sees it himself. The mountain lion follows them to the edge of a cliff. Chance, in a "just in case I don\'t make it, this is where my treasures are" statement, tells Shadow where he has buried everything at home. When Chance mentions that the remote control is buried under the seesaw, Shadow sees a balanced rock shaped like a seesaw, which gives him an idea. Shadow comes up with a plan to defeat the mountain lion. While Shadow acts as the bait, Chance waits until the mountain lion steps onto the end of the rock that\'s touching the ground, and jumps on the other end, sending the mountain lion flying over the cliff and into a river. The Mountain Lion retreats, filled with humiliation and irritation at its defeat. Sassy hears them barking in celebration and follows the sound to rejoin them. The animals continue on their way, but Chance tries to befriend a porcupine, ending up with a load of quills from its tail in his muzzle. His friends are unable to pull them out, and as they journey on, they find a little girl named Molly, who is lost in the woods. Too loyal to ignore her, they stand guard over her during the night and keep her warm. In the morning, Shadow finds a rescue party, which includes Molly\'s parents, and leads them back to her. The forest rangers with the party recognize the animals from a "missing pets" flyer they received and take them to the local animal shelter, which is dubbed by Chance as \'The Pound\'. Because Chance has had previous experiences with being in a dog pound and a subject that Shadow never believed was an actual place, he panics and warns the others to run. Sassy gets away while he and Shadow are taken inside. As the medical staff remove the quills from Chance\'s muzzle, Sassy sneaks in and frees Shadow. Together they retrieve Chance, now quill-free, and escape the shelter, without realizing that their owners were on their way to get them. The group is crossing through a train yard when Shadow falls through some old boards into a muddy pit, injuring his leg. With Sassy and Chance persuading him, he tries to climb out but is unable to climb up the slippery slope. Laying down, he says he is too old and that they should go on without him. Chance jumps into the pit to try to get him going, but Shadow refuses to move. Near dusk, the family is out in the backyard playing basketball, when Jamie claims to hear Chance barking. The others think he is imagining things, but moments later Chance comes running over a hill, happily tackling "his boy." Sassy follows to be reunited with Hope, while Peter sadly presumes Shadow was too old to make it. Moments later, Shadow limps over the hill and is reunited with Peter. As everyone watches, Chance narrates how it was Shadow\'s belief that brought them home and that Shadow was like a puppy again after being reunited with his best friend. While everyone goes inside, Chance stays behind for a moment, ending his narration by saying he had a family and for the first time in his life, he was really home and then happily runs into the house.'] ['This episode, subtitled "A Lesson in Forgiveness", teaches viewers the importance of forgiving others when they act carelessly or thoughtlessly. The episode opens with Bob and Larry on the countertop as usual and Bob remarks that the other day he ran into a boy named "Marco". Marco says that when his little sister does something that makes him upset and then apologizes, his mother says he needs to forgive her. But Marco asks "Why do I have to forgive?" In response, Larry tells a story in a style akin to John Steinbeck\'s The Grapes of Wrath. In this segment, Pa Grape makes his VeggieTales debut as the father of family of cranky grapes, The Grapes of Wrath, who seemingly live off name-calling and insults.http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg2.html While driving down the road, they spot Junior Asparagus playing with his dump truck and begin to try and figure out what he is, even mistaking his hat for cheese and calling him "Bean Boy". When he corrects them by taking off his cap, the Grapes laugh at him due to his large hair, hurting his feelings and making him cry. He is then helped by his dad who explains to the Grapes that it isn\'t nice to pick on people and Junior forgives the Grapes at his dad\'s urging. However, after Junior falls down a hill and crashes into his sandbox, the Grapes laugh at Junior again and he is unwilling to forgive them a second time. Because of Junior\'s unforgiveness, Bob and Larry interact with the story and try to figure out how many times one should forgive. Qwerty then shows the multiplication problem "What is 70 X 7" - a bible verse from the NT {{Bibleref2c}}. When Rosie figures out the answer to Qwerty\'s question, the Grapes ask for Junior\'s forgiveness and the "Grapes of Wrath" are renamed "The Grapes of Math". This is the first episode that does not have a Silly Song. Instead the Silly Song was replaced with an advertisement starring Scallion #1 for a machine used to predict that God would forgive your sin called "The Forgive-O-Matic." Junior however interrupts the commercial and tries to convince Scallion #1 that he should instead simply ask God for forgiveness. Scallion #1 then tries to re-advertise The Forgive-O-Matic as a julienne fry maker and a Chia model. The commercial closes when Junior turns of the lights and camera telling the Scallion to say "Goodnight Gracie", a reference to the ending line of the Burns and Allen radio and television shows. The second segment, "Larry\'s Lagoon", parodies the first episode of the television classic Gilligan\'s Island. In this story Larry the Cucumber] plays the part of the first mate who crashes and sinks the ship, thus marooning its passengers and crew on a deserted island. Due to this accident, the passengers hold a grudge against Larry for ruining their vacation despite his apology and Larry runs off. However, Bob the Tomato, playing the part of the Skipper, realizes the error of their ways and the group forgives Larry for stranding them. Then a Palm Tree named Palmy appears and congraulates everyone for their forgiveness and starts to sing "The Forgiveness Song." The cast is finally able to escape the island on a bamboo helicopter cobbled together overnight by the Professor. Then the shows ends with Qwerty giving out another Bible verse that says, "Forgive others, as The Lord forgave you."http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg2.html'] ['Strawberry Shortcake is dreaming of a world filled with berry plants that she and her friends can share. But when the Peculiar Pie Man comes to Strawberry Land, her dreams and friendships begin dying, leading to a crop whose stock has been devoured by "Berry Birds".<ref name26681 Review of Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie] by Mike Long . DVD Talk. Retrieved March 2, 2007. After arranging a sleepover with her friends, Strawberry and the rest travel to the Land of Dreams on a Dreamboat that Ginger Snap has built, in order to stop the Pie Man from taking over their residence.Plot summary for Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie at the Internet Movie Database.Rose Theater: Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie - Story Synopsis.'] ['{{Expand section}} A litter of pigs are born to the Arable farm. One is a runt so John Arable decides to "do away with it". However, when his daughter, Fern, hears of the pig\'s fate, she rescues him and tells her dad that it is absurd to kill it just because it is smaller than the others. She gets to raise him and names him Wilbur. However, after only six weeks of raising him, John tells Fern that it is time for him to be sold . She sadly says good-bye as Wilbur is sold down the street to her uncle, Homer Zuckerman. When Wilbur wants to play with a lamb, his father  says that sheep do not play with pigs because it is only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham. Wilbur starts crying, saying that he does not want to die, but a voice from above tells him to "chin up". The next day, she sings a song about "chinning up", and reveals herself to be a spider named Charlotte. She saves him by writing messages in her web, hence the title. She eventually dies, and although 511 of her children leave the barn , three of them stay. But as much as Wilbur loves them, they will never replace her memory.'] ['{{Plot}} With their mission to capture all 625 experiments and repurpose them on Earth completed, Lilo and her family are honored as heroes by the Galactic Alliance. Jumba is given the confiscated key to his laboratory again, Pleakley is offered a post as chairman of Earth Studies at G.A.C.C.  and Stitch is made a Captain of the Galactic Armada and commander of his new commissioned ship BRB-9000 . Lilo is made Galactic Federation Ambassador to Earth and sole guardian of Stitch\'s "cousins". Before they leave, Lilo gives Jumba her favourite Elvis record, Pleakley a paperweight  and Stitch a necklace with a Ku Tiki . Meanwhile at prison, Gantu has decided that since he failed in capturing all of the experiments , he will break Dr. Hämsterviel out of prison. He takes the two-man Space Shuttle, leaving 625 alone. Stitch is assigned to recapture Hämsterviel. Pleakley is first overjoyed at his new position at G.A.C.C., until his assistant tells him that he is merely a supervisory professor—he will teach no classes. Jumba is also happy at first returning to many of his "Evil Genius" ways, but discovers that without anyone to show his accomplishments to, he is as unhappy as the others. Jumba\'s sadness is short-lived when Hämsterviel and Gantu burst in. Hämsterviel forces Jumba to create a new and better experiment to defeat the Galactic Alliance. The new creation has all of Stitch\'s powers and some others. Hämsterviel names the creature Leroy. Stitch arrives, seeking to capture Hämsterviel. After a fight that destroys Jumba\'s lab, Stitch is defeated when Pleakley appears at an unfortunate moment, distracting Stitch long enough for Leroy to lock him in a glass capsule. Hämsterviel reveals he plans to clone an army of Leroys to take over the Galactic Alliance. Before leaving for Turo, Hämsterviel locks Jumba, Pleakley and Stitch in Pleakley\'s space vehicle, and sends the ship into a black hole. Back on Earth, Lilo makes the rounds to ensure that all of the "cousins" are still happy in their "one true place". After a confrontation with Mertle, Lilo decides to contact Stitch. Lilo realizes the only inter-galactic videophone on the planet available, , is in Gantu\'s ship. There she finds 625, who is bitter about being left behind by Gantu and asks to use the videophone. However, 625 says it is broken. It occurs to Lilo that 625 doesn\'t have a name and, after several sandwich puns, settles on "Reuben". Reuben consents to help Lilo. Once the videophone is fixed, Lilo contacts the BRB-9000. Leroy makes a convincing impersonation of Stitch, but Lilo knows that Leroy is not Stitch because he does not have the tiki necklace. Hämsterviel decides on a new task for Leroy: go to Earth and capture all of the other experiments so he may destroy them. Lilo, sensing Stitch is in trouble, asks Reuben for help fixing Gantu\'s ship. After some reluctance, he agrees. As they leave, Leroy crashes on Earth in Mertle\'s backyard. As Jumba, Pleakley, and Stitch head towards the black hole, Stitch escapes and frees the others. However, the navigational computer is locked on course for the black hole. Jumba says that the black hole will teleport them to a volcanic planet where they will be instantly vaporized, but if they can disrupt the event horizon by throwing a small object into the black hole, it will send them somewhere else. Pleakley pulls out the rock that Lilo gave him and Stitch throws it at the black hole. There is a flash and the vehicle is sucked in. On Earth, Leroy obtains Lilo\'s scrapbook of "cousins" and quickly captures all of them . Lilo and Reuben arrive at Turo, but they are too late. Hämsterviel has taken over using Leroy and orders Gantu to lock them up, then turn in his I.D. card and cape. Gantu captures Lilo and Reuben, but decides to release them because Hämsterviel fired him. After a close call with several Leroy clones, they are trapped. All looks lost until the G.A.C.C. van suddenly appears. With no time to explain, Lilo, Reuben and Gantu all climb in and head for Earth. On Earth, the original Leroy has herded all the experiments into a large stadium, where "Alohapalooza," is scheduled to take place. The BRB-9000 appears and Hämsterviel prepares to obliterate all of the experiments, until a timely appearance by Lilo, Stitch and the others destroys the BRB\'s primary cannon. Hämsterviel reveals that he brought along his Leroy army as backup. Stitch rallies his "cousins" and the experiments begin to battle. It soon becomes apparent that the Leroys are more than a match for the good guys. Jumba remembers that he programmed a secret shut-down command into Leroy. When the original Leroy was created, Jumba was playing a recording of Elvis Presley singing "Aloha \'Oe". If Leroy hears that song again, it will cause him to deactivate. Lilo, seeing the equipment set up for the concert, devises a plan. With Jumba controlling the sound, Pleakley on lights, and Gantu providing fireworks, Stitch appears on-stage in full Elvis attire. He begins to play "Aloha \'Oe" with Lilo and Reuben singing along and some of the other experiments on instruments and, sure enough, the Leroys shut down. His plan foiled, Hämsterviel is recaptured. Back at Galactic Alliance HQ, the Grand Councilwoman calls Lilo and the others "heroes of the Alliance." Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley ask to be allowed to return to Earth with Lilo. The Grand Councilwoman accepts this, then asks Captain Gantu if he would like to be reinstated as a Captain of the Armada. Gantu agrees on the condition that Reuben be assigned as his Galley Officer. Back on Earth, Lilo sets up for one last picture. Mertle arrives with Gigi . Though Mertle still thinks Lilo is weird, she says that Gigi wants to be part of the "ohana." Lilo\'s last picture in the cousins album is of all of the experiments still on Earth, plus herself, Mertle, Jumba, Pleakley, Nani, and Nani\'s boyfriend David. Meanwhile, Lilo has already found out where Leroy and his clones belong, in jail. Before the ending credits, the clones of Leroy happily dance to the Elvis Presley song Jailhouse Rock, with an angry Dr. Hämsterviel tapping his feet. As the credits roll, a full list of Jumba\'s experiments 001 through 626, and the names they were given by Lilo, scrolls along the left side of the screen.'] ["The Peanuts gang heads off to Camp Remote somewhere in the mountains where they ultimately compete in a river rafting race; Charlie Brown, true to form, is accidentally left behind by the bus while at a desolate rest stop. He is then forced to hitch a harrowing ride on Snoopy's motorcycle in order to make the rest of the journey to the camp, accompanied by rock guitar type riffs while he is shouting in fear at Snoopy's wild driving. Upon their arrival, the kids are immediately exposed to the regimentation and squalor of camp life which is a stark contrast to their comfortable residences back home. They are unfamiliar with the concept that the camp schedule is in military time . Although they do their best to adjust to the rigors of camp life, Snoopy, in a tent of his own, enjoys a banana split while watching TV on his portable set. The gang must contend with a trio of ruthless bullies  who openly boast of their having won the race every year they have competed. The only thing that keeps the bullies at bay is Linus using his security blanket like a whip . It is revealed that their success has always been through outright cheating, using a raft equipped with an outboard motor, direction finder, radar, and sonar, and even resorting to every trick they could think of to hamper or destroy everyone else's chance to even make it to the finish line, much less win the race. The kids are broken into three groups: the boys' group , the girls' group , and Snoopy and Woodstock. Charlie Brown is the very reluctant leader of the boys' group, well-meaning but struggling with his insecurities. His foil is Patty, the leader of the girls' group, who is very confident despite her incompetence as a leader . The groups run into different obstacles: getting lost, stranded, storms, blizzards, and sabotage from the bullies. Snoopy abandons the race to search tirelessly for Woodstock when a storm separates them; after a long search, they manage to find each other and are joyfully reunited. Charlie Brown starts to grow more into his leadership role, becoming leader of both the boys' and girls' groups when the bullies sabotage both of their rafts, forcing them to work together. Thanks to Charlie Brown's growing self-confidence and leadership, the gang is about to win the race at the climax after overcoming considerable odds. Unfortunately, Patty incites the girls to celebrate too soon and they accidentally knock the boys overboard in their excitement; when they attempt to rescue them, the bullies seize the opportunity to pull ahead. The bullies gloat about their apparently imminent victory, but since their raft has suffered numerous damages throughout the race, it sinks right before the finish line. This leaves Snoopy and Woodstock as the only contenders left. Brutus sinks Snoopy's inner tube with a claw, but Woodstock promptly builds a raft of twigs and continues toward victory. When Brutus tries to attack Woodstock, Snoopy decks him, and Woodstock wins the race. Conceding defeat, the bullies begin to vow vengeance next year, but their threats are humiliatingly cut short when Snoopy hands Brutus a rough beating after he threatens Woodstock again. As the gang boards the bus to depart for home, Charlie Brown decides aloud to use the experience as a lesson to be more confident and assertive, and to believe in himself. Unfortunately, right after he finishes speaking, the bus leaves without him for the second time, and as before, he is forced to hitch a ride with Snoopy again."] ['The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever , Sassy the Himalayan cat , and Chance the American Bulldog  decide to take a family trip to Canada. At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals escape after Chance panics and breaks free from his carrier. After eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco, with home on the other side of the Golden Gate Bridge. During the journey Chance bumps into a Boxer called Ashcan and his Bulldog friend Pete. Annoyed he refuses to let them past but Shadow tries to tell them they are just trying to get home. They don\'t listen and say they are going to eat Sassy. She hides on a window sill and Shadow and Ashcan fight. After a few seconds Sassy yells to Shadow that they have reinforcements, but it turns out to be, as Pete calls them, "Riley\'s gang". They help them and say that the city is no place for pets. Shadow explains they are lost and Riley points out that Chance is missing, He ran off as the gang arrived. Riley calls his friend Delilah, a Kuvasz, to run after him. She finds him in a light alley and explains why she was chasing him. As the other members of the gang are walking down the street they see, what they call, the "Blood red van" and hide. Shadow asks what it is for and Riley explains it takes dogs of the streets to a place called the lab. After it passes, Shadow asks Riley if he can help him and Sassy find a golden bridge, which he remembers passing on the way there. Riley explains that he can\'t because a bridge means cars and cars means humans and he doesn\'t trust humans. So they thank him for his help and head off to look for the bridge themselves. Meanwhile Delilah and Chance are walking in the park. He explains why they are in the city and when he asks her why Riley doesn\'t like humans she explains that he was abandoned as a puppy and decided to make a home for other stray dogs to protect them from all humans. Chance realizes he\'s fallen in love with Delilah and they head out of the park. Later while walking down a street Pete and Ashcan notice Shadow and Sassy walking down it too. They plan to jump at them but miss their chance. Round the corner Shadow sees a house on fire and remembers it holds that little boy named Tucker and his cat. Realizing they are still in there he runs in through the basement window and looks for them. Sassy goes in after him and looks for the kitten. Shadow comes out a few moments later with Tucker right behind him, then Sassy appears with the kitten. Tucker thanks them and they continue on. As they cross the street Riley and his gang tell them that they did a great job rescuing the boy and kitten and say they can stay with him until they find Chance. As they return to the gang\'s hideout they notice Delilah and Chance are already there. Riley tries to explain that they are different but they won\'t listen and head outside. The next day, Chance notices a tire and begins to chew on it but doesn\'t notice the "Blood red van" driving through the gates. While all the other dogs are inside Chance gets captured and driven to the lab. While there the van is stopped by the gang, Chance and the other dogs are set free, and it reverses into the river for good. Delilah then explains to Chance that Riley is right and they cannot be together. He gets upset and runs off. By now, Riley has told Shadow if humans mean that much to him he\'ll take them to the bridge. On their way home before crossing the bridge they are ambushed by Ashcan and Pete but Chance appears and fights them off. They cross the bridge and are found by their owners on a road and return home but Chance is still upset about Delilah but then he sees her appear from around the corner and they are reunited. Bob agrees she can stay, much to Chance\'s glee, and they continue with their picnic.'] ["Pint-size Sammy Smith's  greatest ambition is to become a sporting superstar. With the aid of his West Indian friend Marvin  and the famous Professor Hercules' body-building course, Sammy is training for the long distance running championship. Two bullies, Sammy's rivals in the race, throw his 'lucky' Tiger T-shirt through the window of a research laboratory. In trying to get it back, Sammy upsets some electrical apparatus and in the resultant explosion the T-shirt is transformed into a source of tremendous power. The chief scientist, Mr. Trotter , and his boss, Mr. Becket , decide to exploit this discovery for their own ends, but Sammy and Marvin escape with the shirt, which enables Sammy to jump over the high factory wall, to stop the crooks car with one hand, and to run down the road like a rocket. After a number of narrow escapes, Sammy gets to the sports ground, but is tripped at the start of the race by the two bullies. With the aid of the super T-shirt, he succeeds in forging ahead, but as Marvin arrives at the ground, Sammy falters and is brought to a halt by the now volatile T-shirt. Marvin rips off the shirt and persuades Sammy to run under his own steam. Sammy eventually catches up and wins the race."] ["Barbie's rock band completes a successful World Tour and decides to perform one last concert in Space to promote world peace. Then in Part 2 , when Barbie and her band, whose name has inexplicably been changed to the Sensations, come back to Earth, they travel inadvertently back to 1959."] ['The entire Russo family—Alex , Justin , Max , and their parents Jerry  and Theresa —are preparing for a vacation to the Caribbean. An unenthusiastic Alex reluctantly agrees to tag along after a death-threatening situation in which Harper  and Alex were almost hit by a coming subway. Justin saves the two for a chance to be praised at using magic to save Alex once again after Alex does something wrong. Once in the Caribbean, the family meets a boy working at the hotel that Alex instantly develops a crush on. The family then visits a street fair, where they meet a street magician and former wizard   named Archie who wants to turn his girlfriend, Giselle, from a parrot back into a human by finding the Stone of Dreams, which has the power to grant any wish or reverse any spell. Jerry considers it crazy since many wizards have gone on the quest and never returned. Later, after Alex was about to use a spell on her mother to convince her to let Alex hang out with the boy from the hotel, she gets caught, grounded and forbidden to use magic for two months. After a heated argument with Theresa, Alex, in a fit of rage, wishes that her parents had never met. The smuggled full-wizard wand and spell book, which Alex was holding at the time, grants her wish. As a result, Jerry and Theresa do not remember Justin, Alex, Max, and they don\'t know each other. Alex, Max and Justin attempt to get a spell-book from Jerry by levitating it out of his pocket, but he catches it. Jerry is shown to still have his powers, since he never gave them up to marry Theresa. Jerry has a more carefree attitude with magic due to this change. Justin asks him "hypothetically" what would happen if a wizard wished that her parents never met. Jerry explains how they would gradually forget their past, and then disappear forever. He says it would take a miracle to fix it, whereupon Justin mentions the Stone of Dreams , which Jerry says would work too. Justin and Alex set off to find the Stone of Dreams, guided by Archie. Along the way, Justin and Alex face many obstacles such as getting across a wide canyon, escaping death from quicksand, and getting across a narrow ledge. Meanwhile, Max stays at the resort to keep his parents from meeting other people. Over the course of the day, Max begins losing his memory. Realizing that something is wrong, Max asks Jerry to help him find Alex and Justin, and Jerry agrees after some persuasion. They are joined by Theresa, who believes them to simply be treasure hunting, but nonetheless proves useful, as she is the only one of them who can speak Spanish. Eventually, Alex and Justin succeed in finding the Stone of Dreams, but Giselle steals the stone. The kids tell Theresa and Jerry their story. Theresa doesn\'t believe them because she thinks she would never forget her own children. While trying to figure out how to reverse the spell without the stone of dreams, Jerry mentions that if one of the kids was a full wizard, they might be able to cast a spell to reverse it. While preparing to begin the full-wizard contest, Max finally loses all memory of who he is and gets sucked into the vortex of non-existence. Theresa remembers him slightly, and realizes that they were telling the truth. Realizing they must work quickly, Alex and Justin are transported to an ancient battlefield, where the contest will be held. Jerry explains that they will only be allowed to use spells involving the four elements . The winner will become a full wizard, and the loser gets nothing while losing their powers forever. Alex and Justin engage in what turns out to be an intense battle, and Alex narrowly wins. In trying to come up with a spell to fix everything, she turns to Justin for help. However, Justin has lost all his memory . Alex tells him that even though they pick on each other, she looks up to him and begs Justin not leave her here alone. Justin tells her that he\'d never leave her and that even though he doesn\'t know her, he believes her, and wants to help, but he cannot and is sucked into the same vortex that Max was. Meanwhile Theresa is back at the resort and sees that Giselle has returned to human form with the Stone of Dreams hanging by her neck. She wanted to leave Archie now that she was in human form. Archie manages to get the stone from Giselle, turns her back into a parrot, and gives the stone to Theresa. Theresa then wishes to be where Alex, Justin and Jerry are, at which point she is transported to the same battlefield and gives Alex the stone. Jerry tells Alex she can wish for her brothers to reappear and still keep her full wizard powers. However, Alex wishes that everything go back to the way it was before, and time rewinds back to the beginning of the argument between Alex and Theresa that started all the trouble, which is quickly stopped when Alex apologizes and accepts her punishments with grace. While Theresa and Jerry remember nothing about the ordeal, Alex, Justin, and Max do. Their parents are astonished by the change in the kids\' attitude.'] [" The plot centers on Team Rocket and their newest base. The Pokémon of Team Rocket had managed to successfully captured three Whismur, which were to provide entertainment to Giovanni when he arrived. To force the Whismur to cooperate, Meowth had a baton that, when a switch was pressed on the end, made Pokémon dance uncontrollably. Meanwhile, Pikachu, Treecko, Torchic, Mudkip, and Lotad stumble upon the base, and attempt to free the Whismur. One of the running gags in the short is how the dancing Baton is activated or deactivated by accident, which leads to the accidental destruction of the base. Eventually, a Ludicolo and a Loudred are also involved.  The story revolves around the Millennium Comet, which appears in the night sky for seven days once every thousand years. It is, at the same time, when the legendary Pokémon Jirachi awakens from a long slumber to absorb the comet's energy. This energy, in turn, is released into the Earth itself, making an area known as Forina grow. This time, however, a magician known as Butler, along with his longtime girlfriend Diane, unearth the stone that had encased Jirachi, and take it away from Forina. Meanwhile, in celebration of the Millennium Comet appearance, Ash Ketchum and company arrive at a wide crater, which is where the festival of the Millennium Comet is meant to be. They then decide to wait until morning and go to sleep. While they're sleeping, the festival arrives; Pikachu, Ash's companion, wakes up and wakes all the others, and they watch the festival being set up. At the festival, May buys a seven-panelled novelty that is said to grant a person one wish if a panel is closed for each night the comet appears and is visible in the sky. When Ash and Max accidentally volunteer for one of Butler's magic tricks (because [[Max , Max is introduced to Jirachi, who he hears talking from inside the rock. Butler lets Max take the rock, which hatches into Jirachi later that night. Before Jirachi hatches, May buys a wish from a man who says she has to reveal her wish by the last day of the Millenium Comet. Hoping the wishing ability was true, Max wishes for candy, lots of candy, and it appears—but it is revealed that instead of creating the candy, Jirachi teleported it from a stall in the festival. The intentions of Butler are soon revealed: he was a former scientist for Team Magma who was seeking to resurrect the legendary Pokémon Groudon. Butler had devised the perfect system, but could not find the necessary amount of power; to this end, he had hoped to use the energy Jirachi absorbed for his own purposes. Seeing this danger, the Pokémon Absol, whose presence usually indicated impending disaster, takes Diane and Jirachi, along with Ash and friends, back to Forina. Unbeknownst to them, Butler had set a trap once they returned to where Jirachi was found, and manages to capture Jirachi. Butler attempts to harness Jirachi's power, but is interrupted inside the tent by Ash and his friends. With the help of Diane, they take Butler's bus to Forina so that Jirachi can go home; unknown to them, Butler's Mightyena places a tracking device on the bus as it is leaving. As Ash and his friends travel along bumpy terrain, the device falls off, but Butler still discovers where they are headed. Before the day before Jirachi has to return Max feels upset about losing a friend so Ash tells him about one of his friends Misty and that even though they don't see each other anymore they will always be friends. But before they make it back to Jirachi's home they realize that Butler had followed them there, once again steals Jirachi, and tries to take its power again.  When Butler sets his plan in motion, however, a fake Groudon is created instead, and begins to turn Forina into a wasteland, absorbing the energy from the earth, killing all the plants in sight and absorbing all living creatures. When Diane is absorbed by the fake Groudon, Butler realizes his longtime relationship with Diane is what was important, and with Ash and Max's help he is able to reverse the process, causing the fake Groudon to meltdown and die. Eventually, Jirachi reabsorbs the energy used to create Groudon, and leaves for another thousand years of slumber. May, in all the excitement, forgets to close the last panel of her novelty, but simply brushes it off. Though she never reveals just what she wished for, she is confident it will come true. During the end credits, May gets tired of walking until the man who sold her the wishing star gives them a lift with his truck. Then they look at stars, which form Pokémon from Teddiursa to Pikachu. After that they all watch the festival fireworks. {{clear}}"] ['Minty accidentally breaks the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane", which apparently guides Santa Claus to Ponyville. To try to make-up for doing this, Minty gives each pony one of her socks  When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done, Minty states that the sock giving is a bad idea, and then decides she should go to the North Pole herself to set things right. Minty is terrible at balloon flying, so the chase is on to save her in the process of saving Christmas.'] ['Pipo receives a letter from Aunt Anouschka, asking him for help with mysterious events in a nearby castle which appears to be haunted. Pipo leaves the circus in the hands of his wife Mamaloe and daughter Petra, to the chagrin of circus director Dikke Deur--a circus without Pipo sells fewer tickets. When Pipo arrives at the castle there is no ghost; instead, he finds a knight who has been asleep for 500 years. He is awakened, but the next problem is finding and waking his lady lover, who has also been asleep that long.'] ["In 1876, two orphans, Holly and Jason, travel across the Rocky Mountains to claim their inheritance at the end of the Oregon Trail. They run into Zachariah Coop, a gambler on the run from a group of angry men. Coop tries to join the two kids, but at first they don't know whether to trust him. The trio shows unyielding courage in the face of hardship, adventure and danger as they travel across the Great Divide to reach their dream."] ['At the Central Park Zoo, Marty the zebra is celebrating his tenth birthday, but longs to see the rest of the world from outside his pampered life at the zoo, believing that he can find wide-open spaces to run around in, like Connecticut. Marty\'s best friend, Alex the lion attempts to cheer up his friend by singing Frank Sinatra\'s "New York, New York" with him. Still unsatisfied, Marty gets some tips from the zoo\'s penguins; Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private. The penguins are similarly trying to escape the zoo. Marty\'s friends—Alex the lion, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippopotamus—realize Marty\'s folly and try to follow him. The four, along with the penguins and the chimpanzees Mason and his silent friend Phil eventually find themselves at Grand Central Station, but are quickly sedated by tranquilizer darts when Alex\'s attempt to communicate with humans is mistaken for aggression. The zoo  is forced to ship the animals, by sea, to a Kenyan wildlife preserve. During their travels, the penguins escape from their enclosure and take over the ship, intent on taking it to Antarctica. Their antics on the bridge cause the crates containing Alex, Marty, Melmen, and Gloria to fall off the boat and wash ashore on Madagascar. The animals are soon able to regroup, initially believing themselves to be in the zoo at San Diego, California. Upon exploring, however, they come across a pack of lemurs led by King Julien XIII, and quickly learn of their true location. Alex blames Marty for their predicament and attempts to signal for help to get back to civilization. Marty, on the other hand, finds the wild to be exactly what he was looking for, with Gloria and Melman soon joining him in enjoying the island. Alex eventually comes around, though his hunting instincts begin to show; he has been away from the pampered zoo life of prepacked steaks for too long. The group is accepted by the lemurs, though King Julien\'s adviser, Maurice, cautions them about Alex\'s predatory nature. King Julien ignores Maurice\'s concerns and persuades the group to help the lemurs fend off the fossa, who hunt the lemurs as prey. While initially Alex scares the fossa away and is worshiped by the lemurs, he later falls under his instincts and attacks Marty. Realizing that Alex is now a threat to them, King Julien banishes Alex to the far side of the island, where the fossa live. Marty begins to regret his decision to leave the zoo, seeing what Alex has turned into. The penguins, having been to Antarctica and found that it "sucks," land the boat on Madagascar. Seeing this as a chance to return Alex to New York, Marty rushes after his friend against the wishes of the others. Marty attempts to convince the now grizzled, starving Alex to return by using the "New York" song but Alex refuses in fear of attacking him again. The penguins, Gloria and Melman go to find Marty, but are trapped by the fossa. At the last minute, Alex finally overcomes his predatory nature and scares the fossa away from the lemur territory forever. The lemurs regain their respect for Alex and the penguins help him satisfy his hunger through sushi instead of steak. As the lemurs throw a bon voyage celebration for the foursome, the penguins decide not to break the news that the ship has run out of fuel and that they are still stuck on the island, setting the stage for Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.'] ['The hour-long film\'s plot centers around a magical world inside of a coloring book. Two children named Scott and Laurie are happily coloring one day when their old basset hound Barney bothers them. They decide to go outside and play, but Barney stays behind. In doing so, he notices that a colorful stick inside of the book\'s pages is spinning. Then, a rainbow shoots from the paper, and Barney vanishes! Hoping to find him, the kids go back inside. They cannot see him in the real world, but notice a dog that looks exactly like him in the coloring book. Realizing that, somehow, the dog is Barney, they are teleported into the book as well! They instantly find themselves in a world where balloons grow on trees and rocks smile. As they explore, they overhear strange whistling sounds and singing in the distance. The sounds are coming from the Spurdlegurgles, who wear yellow. After they sing their songs about being happy, they march away, leaving the children to meet a woman named Sillywhim. She, who gets her name from her free spirit , explains that she used her magic to bring them into Sillyville. When asked why, she explains a problem. It seems that, at some time in the recent past, the various groups that live throughout Sillyville decided to stop liking each other. Each group has its own unique color, and based their dislike on that fact. In a reflection of their discord and lack of beauty, Sillywhim\'s bright colorful clothing has faded into a depressing monochrome. Now, she wants to have her old friends back, and implores the children to help. They, being nice, agree. To aid them in their quest, Sillywhim must turn them invisible, as their multi-hued clothing would offend other groups. She then leads them through the magical world of Sillyville, introducing them to the "colorful" characters who populate it. First, the trio enters Sillyville Square, where they discover the harmonizing Twirlypops, all in blue. After helping them solve the dilemma of the line "begin again" in Michael Finnigan, Sillywhim asks if they want to come to the pond. They disagree, saying that there is "too much green" down there-and sure enough, the next group is the green-wearing Jingleheimers, along with the Fruggy Frogs. After having fun with them, Sillywhim gets the same response that the Twirlypops gave her. Hoping to find some refuge at the house of the red Bittybooties, the gang travels there. They are a large family, and entertain Sillywhim with their songs as well, but they, too, are prejudiced against other colors. Now depressed, Sillywhim does not know where to turn. The children try to think of a way to bring everyone together unknowingly. A party is suggested, but when Sillywhim tries the idea on the Spurdlegurgles, they balk. The children inspire her not to give up, and they decide to seek the aid of the purple wearing Pasha, a wise woman who is not affected by the color divisions. They go there, and meet with her various strange friends: the Wump, the Twiddle Birds, and the Roly Polies. While the children  enjoy the visit, Sillywhim ends up depressed again. Pasha tells her that she will have to bring the people of Sillyville together again to restore their friendship. After wandering through all of Sillyville, they are at a loss. Finally, in the Town Square, Sillywhim believes she has a wonderful idea, but before she can say it, she takes a bad fall and injures her ankle. She is unable to move, and the children, visible but willing to help their friend cry for help. All of the groups in Sillyville hear their cry, and rush to her aid. Pasha offers her diagnosis: the ankle is not broken, but must be wrapped. Not having any bandages, the people of Sillyville remove bows, handkerchiefs, ribbons, and scarfs from their own bodies and turn them into a makeshift cast. It alleviates Sillywhim\'s pain, but everyone also comments on how wonderful the colors look together. Then, slowly, they realize that they, too, make a wonderful rainbow by working and being together. In a flash of light, Sillywhim\'s colors are restored! The group realizes that fighting over the colors that they wear is a "silly" thing to do, and the children point out that Sillyville could not even exist without unity. Singing songs of reconciliation and joy, the groups hug and reunite. As they make amends, the world glows, and the children are transported out of the coloring book. They wonder if the adventure even happened, but when Barney reappears carrying a rainbow-colored stick, they smile and know the truth. The credits roll over coloring book images of the people in Sillyville living happily ever after together.'] ["Leonard Helperman is a 4th grader whose mother and teacher, Mary Lou, has been nominated for a teaching award. They plan a trip to Florida for the finals, but need to leave their dog, Spot, behind. What Mrs. Helperman doesn't know is that Spot has been masquerading as a boy, Scott, who is her star pupil. Spot wants nothing more than to be a real boy, and sees a way to this when mad scientist Ivan Krank appears on The Barry Anger Show. Krank thinks he can turn animals into humans. Conveniently, his lab is right down the street from where the Helpermans are staying, so Spot, as Scott , convinces Mary Lou to take him along. Spot becomes a man, but discovers it's not everything he ever dreamed of after all."] ["The story follows a young Englishwoman who travels to the Siam to become the King's royal schoolteacher in 1862. A clash of cultures occurs when the strong-minded Anna Leonowens brings a different way of thinking to the King of Siam and the many children in the royal academy."] [' Sophie, a hatter, is a responsible eighteen-year-old girl who encounters a mysterious wizard named Howl while on her way to visit her younger sister. The Witch of the Waste, who pursues Howl, comes to the hat shop and curses Sophie by transforming her into an old woman. Seeking a cure for the curse, Sophie travels into the Wastes and finds a living scarecrow, who takes her to Howl\'s castle. Here, Sophie meets the fire demon Calcifer, the source of the castle\'s energy and power. Calcifer offers to break the curse in exchange for Sophie\'s help in breaking the spell he\'s under, which keeps Calcifer bound to the house. When Howl appears, Sophie announces that she is the castle\'s new cleaning lady, hired by Calcifer because he was sick of how dirty the castle was. Currently, Sophie\'s country is caught up in the beginning of a war with its neighbor following the mysterious disappearance of the other realm\'s Crown Prince. Howl receives summons from the King, who orders his various assumed identities to fight in the war. However, Howl comes up with an idea to send Sophie, under the guise of being his mother, to the king to profess the cowardice of one of Howl\'s two aliases. At the palace, Sophie runs into an asthmatic dog, Heen, who she thinks is Howl undercover. She also meets the Witch of the Waste, who Suliman, the king\'s magic advisor, punishes by draining all of her power, causing her to regress into a harmless old woman. Suliman tells Sophie that Howl will meet the same fate if he does not contribute to the war. As Sophie vehemently protests these measures, the Witch\'s spell temporarily weakens due to the love in her words. Suliman realizes Sophie\'s true relation to Howl and her strong romantic feelings towards him. Howl then arrives to rescue Sophie, Suliman tries to entrap Howl, but with Sophie\'s help, they manage to escape. Sophie learns that Howl transforms into a bird-like creature to interfere in the war, but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form. Sophie fears that Howl is preparing to leave them, as his remaining time as a human is limited, he returns to interfering in the war. Sophie\'s mother shows up and is actually under Suliman\'s control and leaves behind a bag containing a "peeping bug" under her orders. The former Witch of the Waste discovers it and promptly destroys the bug by tossing it into Calcifer. Unfortunately, Calcifer gets sick after eating the bug, rendering him unable to protect the castle from being discovered. A few hours later, the city is carpet-bombed by enemy aircraft while Suliman\'s henchmen invade the flower shop Howl made for Sophie. After protecting the flower shop from the bombing, Howl draws the guards away just after healing Calcifer. He tells Sophie he is not going to run away anymore because he has something he wants to protect before leaving to interfere with the war. Deducing that Howl must be saved, Sophie moves everyone out of the castle and removes Calcifer from the fireplace, destroying the castle. She offers Calcifer a piece of her hair to strengthen him enough to power and energize a portion of the castle. They head toward Howl when the former Witch of the Waste discovers Howl\'s heart within Calcifer. Sophie pours water on Calcifer to make her let go of the heart, making Calcifer lose all of his strength and power. The segment of the castle is split, and she and Heen fall down a chasm. Making her way toward Howl\'s heart, Sophie enters through the door into the black region and discovers a recollection of how Howl and Calcifer meet: Howl eats Calcifer, who then gains his heart. Sophie finds Howl, having now lost his human consciousness in bird form. They head back to the group, and Sophie asks the Witch for Howl\'s heart. She gives it to her and places the heart back inside Howl, returning him to life, and freeing Calcifer. She kisses the scarecrow on the cheek as thanks, who reveals that he is actually the missing prince. Heen shows the scene of their happy end to Suliman, and the war is finally over. Howl, Sophie, and the others are seen high above the bomber planes returning home from the end of the war.'] ['{{Expand section}} One spring, on a farm in Maine, Fern Arable  learns that her father plans to kill the runt of a litter of newborn pigs. She successfully begs him to spare its life. He gives it to her, who names him Wilbur and raises him as her pet. To her regret, when he grows into an adult pig, she is forced to take him to the Zuckerman farm, where he is to be prepared as dinner in due time. Charlotte A. Cavatica , a spider, lives in the space above Wilbur\'s sty in the Zuckermans\' barn; she befriends him and decides to help prevent him from being eaten. With the help of the other barn animals, including a rat named Templeton , she convinces the Zuckerman family that Wilbur is actually quite special, by spelling out descriptions of him in her web: "Some pig", "Terrific", "Radiant" and "Humble". She gives her full name, revealing her as a barn spider, an orb-weaver spider with the scientific name Araneus cavaticus. The Arables, Zuckermans, Wilbur, Charlotte, and Templeton go to a fair, where Wilbur is entered in a contest. While there, Charlotte produces an egg sac. She cannot return home because she is dying. Wilbur tearfully says goodbye to her but manages to take her egg sac home, where hundreds of offspring emerge. Most of the young spiders soon leave, but three, named Joy, Aranea, and Nellie, stay and become Wilbur\'s friends.'] ['The movie begins in Manhattan, three years after the first movie, where the Cheetah Girls have just completed their junior year and are performing at a Graduation Party for the Manhattan Magnet\'s Class of 2006 . Later while having a sleep-over/Chinese food night at Galleria\'s , Chanel  tells the girls that her mother, Juanita , is planning a trip to Barcelona, Spain, where they will be visiting Luc , Juanita\'s boyfriend. Chanel is bummed and does not want to see Luc while the other girls are upset about being separated for the summer when Aquanette  sees a shooting star and the girls make a wish together - to go to Spain with Chanel. At that very moment, one of the girl\'s magazines flips pages until it comes across an ad for a Barcelona music festival. Galleria enters the Cheetah Girls and the next day, her mother Dorethea , Juanita, and the Cheetah Girls all travel to Spain. When the girls arrive in Barcelona, they do some shopping before resting in a Cafe. Soon they hear a guitar playing and meet Angel , a mysterious guitar player who accompanies them around Barcelona as they sing to the entire city, and he becomes Galleria\'s love interest . The next day the girls audition for the festival and earn a spot ("Cheetah Sisters . The next day at breakfast, they meet Joaquin , an accountant, Luc\'s godson, and a handsome dancer who becomes a love interest for Dorinda . The next day after Dorinda finds out Joaquin is a dancer, she goes to his studio, where he teaches her tango . That night Joaquin takes the Cheetahs to the Dancing Cat, a local Spanish night club where all the new artists perform their songs . There they meet and befriended Marisol ([[Belinda , a Spanish pop star ,beloved by the entire Barcelona, and who will also compete in the Music Festival, and her manager/mother, Lola , who appears nice and wins the Cheetah Girls\' affection, but secretly plans a scheme to break up the Cheetah Girls, as they pose a threat to her daughter\'s chances in the competition, and she starts making Marisol distract Chanel from The Cheetah Girls. Meanwhile, Aqua and Dorothea have been designing clothes with Dorothea\'s old friends, Juanita is trying to get a proposal out of Luc, Dorinda is teaching hip hop to Joaquin\'s class, and Galleria is the only one focused on the competition, as she is writing a song called, "Amigas Cheetahs", which they will sing at the competition . Galleria notices that everyone is getting involved in other activities except for her , and eventually decided to take a train to Paris, where she can meet up with her father, Francobollo, and he will take her back home to Manhattan. While at a train station, the other three girls find Galleria and sing the starting sequence of "Amigas Cheetahs", and Galleria says she will only come back if they stay focused. While Chanel walked around the house, she overhears Juanita talking to Dorothea about how she believes that Luc doesn\'t want to marry her because Chanel doesn\'t like him. Luc later proposes to Juanita, after Chanel gives him permission, and she gladly accepts. Luc tells Chanel that she can stay in New York with her friends for her upcoming senior year. However, the Cheetah Girls\' dreams are in serious trouble. While they were performing Step Up, Lola convinces the Dancing Cat\'s manager to pay the Cheetah Girls money. The competition will only allow amateur performs to compete. Accepting payment from the Dancing Cat makes the Cheetah Girls professional performers. Angel, who was present during the entire exchange, investigates. Right before Chanel is going to get changed to perform with Marisol, the Festival Director informs that the Cheetah Girls are able to perform after getting a tip. Everyone is surprised when they see that the informer was his nephew, Angel. He informed that Lola tried to sabotage the Cheetahs, and his uncle reinstates the girls as the Cheetah Girls. Lola tries to dispute, but the Director will not hear it. Marisol finally tells off her mother, saying she is quitting the competition because she loves to sing and her mother is just desperate to make her a star. The Cheetah Girls then perform "Amigas Cheetahs", and as a surprise, bring Marisol onto the stage  , along with Joaquin\'s dancing crew, Angel on the guitar and the Director on the trumpet. Their song is a hit with the crowd. An alternate ending concludes after this, where Juanita and Luc are having their wedding, and with everybody enjoying themselves .'] ['The plot follows the lives of three Lancashire farm children who discover a fugitive hiding in their barn. The bearded man, referred to as “Blakey” by the police, is mistaken for Jesus by the children, who are influenced by stories they have recently heard at Sunday school. The fugitive makes no attempt to correct their mistake, especially when he discovers the eldest child, Kathy, is determined to protect him from discovery by the local police. We learn from a poster that he is wanted for murder. Most of the children in the nearby small town eventually become aware that “Jesus” is living in the barn, complicating Kathy’s attempt at keeping it a secret. When the news finally reaches an adult, Kathy’s father, the police are called in to apprehend the criminal. The child inhabitants of the village, perhaps 100 of them by now in on the secret, converge on the barn. Convinced that she has let Jesus down, Kathy sneaks behind the structure and apologizes to Blakey that she could no longer protect him. He forgives the girl and, after much prompting from Kathy, promises she will see him again. Resigned to his fate, Blakey tosses his revolver out of the barn door and surrenders to the police. Once Blakey is taken away and the crowd disperses, Kathy is approached by two very young children who ask to see Jesus. She tells them that they missed him this time, but he will be back.'] ['{{plot}} Elmo is playing with his blanket in his house. Suddenly, after he bumps his blanket on a juice cup and after drying off his blanket at the Laundromat, Elmo sees Zoe feeling sad because her father cannot take her to the zoo, so he decides to make Zoe happy again by imitating certain zoo animals . When Zoe sees his blanket, Elmo refuses to share, resulting in a tug-of-war that has Elmo\'s blanket ripped . Elmo is furious. Suddenly, Telly inadvertently takes away the blanket while rollerskating out of control. They go around Finders Keepers and knock over a tray of drinks Ruthie is carrying. The blanket accidentally lands in the hands of Oscar the Grouch, who drops it in his trash can after sneezing on it. Elmo drops into the bottom of Oscar\'s trash can, where he finds the blanket nailed to a door. But they are both teleported to Grouchland, where a greedy man named Huxley  steals anything he can grab – including Elmo\'s blanket. Elmo is determined to find his blanket and begins a journey through Grouchland. He asks a kind girl named Grizzy to help in his quest, but she later abandons him when Elmo discovers that Huxley\'s house is on the top of the faraway Mount Pickanose. Meanwhile, the Sesame Street residents are informed of Elmo\'s absence and go to Grouchland to find him, with help from Oscar. When Big Bird finds a policeman and asks him for help, he arrests the entire group and informs them that it is against Grouchland\'s laws to ask for help. Meanwhile, Huxley\'s sidekick Bug and the Pesties trap Elmo in a tunnel using a trap door. However, he gets out with the help of fireflies. Then, he meets the Queen of Trash . He leaves her dump by giving the queen 100 raspberries in 30 seconds. Elmo succeeds and continues walking to Huxley\'s house. He is then chased by a humongous chicken named "Tiny", but gets away. When night comes, he stops at a rock to rest, discouraged. When Grizzy learns of the Sesame Street friends being arrested, she tells them of Elmo\'s location in Huxley\'s house. Oscar is convinced to help set things right as well as admitting that Elmo is his friend. He convinces the Grouch Policeman and all the Grouches of Grouchland that, even though Grouches hate cooperation, just for once, they have to take a stand against Huxley from stealing any more of their stuff, and taking light to this problem, the Grouch Policeman releases the Sesame Street residents and aid them to go to Huxley\'s house to fight for their trash. A caterpillar wakes up Elmo the next morning on the rock. He gives Elmo advice to look inside his body and he\'ll see that he\'ll be brave. He then makes it to Huxley\'s before he could make Elmo\'s blanket his blanket. However, Huxley prevents Elmo from escaping by grabbing him with a claw and deciding to label them "MINE". Just as Elmo is about to face the fate of never seeing his friends again, the Sesame Street and the Grouchland citizens appear. Bug takes Elmo\'s blanket from Huxley and turns against him as Elmo catapults a basket over his shoulders. Bug then gives Elmo his blanket back and Huxley tries to change his mind about his selfishness. Elmo is hailed a hero by the Sesame Street and Grouchland citizens. Elmo, happy to get his blanket back, goes with his friends back to his own world and apoligizes to Zoe for his selfishness before letting her hold the blanket. Elmo says goodbye to the audience when Ernie and Bert told the kids to give themselves a round of applause until they went back home before the credits begin.'] [' Annie, a young orphan living in the Hudson Street Orphanage in New York City during the Great Depression, thinks that her parents simply left her there . Annie attempts to flee to find her parents, but the orphanage\'s cruel and alcoholic supervisor Miss Agatha Hannigan catches her and orders the orphans to clean up the orphanage . Later, while trying to flee in a laundry truck run by Mr. Bundles, Annie befriends a dog and later names him Sandy after convincing the dogcatcher that he is hers. Escorted back to the orphanage by a policeman along with Sandy, Annie is to be penalized and Sandy is to be sent to the sausage factory. However, Grace Farrell, a secretary to billionaire Oliver Warbucks, arrives, saying that he wants an orphan stay at his mansion for a week to help his image. Despite Miss Hannigan\'s objections, Grace picks Annie and rescues Sandy. Upon arrival, Annie, Sandy, and Grace meet Warbucks\' bodyguards Punjab and The Asp among the other butlers, maids and servants including Cecile, Drake, Mrs. Pugh, Mrs. Greer, Annette, and Saunders. During her stay there, she quickly endears herself to everyone there . However, Warbucks disapproves, as he originally desired a boy orphan. Meanwhile, Miss Hannigan is frustrated with the orphans\' behavior . She is visited by her brother Rooster and his girlfriend Lily. Annie eventually gains Warbucks\' trust. When Sandy detects an assassin who tries to kill Warbucks with a bomb, it is thwarted by Sandy, Punjab, and The Asp. Grace explains to her that the Bolsheviks are displeased that he is living proof that the American system actually works. After visiting a movie theater , Warbucks and Grace put the orphan to sleep. Convinced by Grace to adopt her, Warbucks goes to the orphanage to get the adoption papers signed. Despite Miss Hannigan\'s attempt to seduce him, Warbucks blackmails her into signing . He goes back to the mansion to tell Annie and is about to give a Tiffany\'s locket to her, but the orphan says she wants to find her real parents. Deciding to help, Warbucks makes an announcement on a radio show hosted by Bert Healy offering a $50,000 reward to her parents. Several couples arrive at Warbucks\' mansion. Warbucks and Punjab take Annie in the auto-copter to visit President Franklin D. Roosevelt in Washington DC, where she performs for him and his wife Eleanor ("Tomorrow . When she realizes that the couples are fake, Warbucks convinces her not to give up. Meanwhile, the Hannigans and Lily plot a scheme using their disguises to collect the reward, drown her and split the money three ways . Hearing what has happened, the other orphans attempt to go to Warbucks\' mansion but are locked up by the Hannigans and Lily. The orphans flee and find out that the Hannigans have captured Annie and the money. Hearing the orphans\' warning, Warbucks puts out an APB on the felons, and he and Grace search for them while Punjab and another servant search from the auto-copter, ending at a railway drawbridge that is in the upright position. Annie destroys the check and Rooster pursues her to the bridge  despite his sister\'s objections. As the police, firefighters, and ambulance arrive with Warbucks, Punjab kicks Rooster into a firefighter\'s net and rescues Annie. Rooster and Lily are arrested and Annie gets her wish of a good family at a party where President and Mrs. Roosevelt, her orphan friends, and the servants are enjoying themselves . Hannigan is reformed and Grace and Warbucks further develop their relationship.'] ['A troop of boy scouts use a treasure map to find a stash of counterfeit notes and a lost tribe with a secret Radium deposit.'] ['The film starts with a parody of the 1972 drama film The Godfather.  It is the wedding of Grandpa Lou and Grandma Lulu, but Chuckie Finster grows increasingly saddened by the presence of a mother, after his own died shortly after he was born. His own father Chaz shares Chuckie\'s loneliness. Tommy Pickles\' father Stu is summoned to EuroReptarland, a Japanese amusement park in Paris, France to fix a malfunctioning Reptar robot which is powered by advanced motion control technology. Tommy, Chuckie, Phil and Lil, Angelica Pickles, Dil Pickles, their dog Spike, and all their parents travel to Paris to take a vacation at the park. Coco LaBouche, EuroReptarland\'s mean and cold-hearted director, seeks to become the head of Reptarland\'s company after the current president Mr. Yamaguchi resigns but learns she will need "the heart of a child" to earn the job. Upon the Rugrats\' arrival in EuroReptarland, Angelica overhears a conversation between Coco and Yamaguchi, before being caught. To save herself, Angelica suggests that Coco marry Chaz, offering to help in return for getting her own parade in the park. Coco strikes up a relationship with Chaz but her attempts to bond with Chuckie fall flat. The adults and babies meet Kira Watanabe and her daughter, Kimi, who originate from Japan. Kira works as Coco\'s assistant and helps her to win Chaz\'s affections. Meanwhile, Spike gets lost in the streets of Paris and falls in love with a stray poodle named Fifi. Kira tells the babies the in-universe origins of Reptar, explaining he was a feared angry monster until a princess revealed his gentler side to make the frightened humans like him. Chuckie decides the princess should be his new mother, and is aided by his friends to reach an animatronic replica of the princess in the park, but they are stopped by Coco\'s ninja security guards. Angelica informs Coco of Chuckie\'s wish, so Coco sneaks into the stage production of Reptar and takes the stage as the princess, luring Chuckie into her arms to make it look like she is wonderful with children. Chaz is thrilled deciding she would make an excellent mother and decides to marry her, much to everyone\'s surprise. On the wedding day, Coco shows her true colours, trapping the children in a warehouse with her aid Jean Claude as their guard and fires Kira after she learns of Coco\'s plans. Chuckie rallies the children to crash Chaz\'s wedding using the Reptar robot. They are chased by Jean Claude who pilots the Robosnail robot, Reptar\'s nemesis, until they fight on a bridge and Chuckie knocks Robosnail into the Seine river. Chaz\'s wedding in Notre Dame proves to be quite horrendous, with Coco forcing Chaz to go through with the wedding despite Chuckie\'s absence, and rushing the Archbishop of Paris until she completely loses her temper and throws the Bible at him. Chuckie crashes the wedding, screaming "NO!" which Chaz identifies as Chuckie\'s first English word; since to the adults, the babies are speaking babytalk. Chaz, seeing Coco for the wicked liar she really is, angrily calls the wedding off. Angelica spills the beans to Mr. Yamaguchi about Coco, who is fired and flees the cathedral in her torn dress with Jean Claude, chased by Spike and Fifi. Chaz and Kira fall in love and get married upon returning to America, Spike and Fifi become a couple, and Chuckie now not only having a new mother but a new sister in the form of Kimi, completing one of Rugrats longest-running storylines, The film ends the Rugrats and the grown-ups having a cake fight, the camera backs up, a piece of cake is thrown at the camera, the screen fades to black and the movie ends. During the credits we see pictures of the family\'s vacation in Paris with start credits a variant theme of the cover of "Who Let the Dogs Out?" sung by Baha Men until the screen fades to black and final end credits a close theme of the cover of "These Boots Are Made for Walkin\'" sung by Geri Halliwell of Spice Girls.'] ['Aboard their boat, a yellow bear and a purple horse look after orphaned baby animals known as the Care Bear Cubs and Care Bear Cousin Cubs{{#tag:ref|Introduced by American Greetings in 1984,{{cite news}}. On the way, a red sea serpent threatens them — one of the many forms of Dark Heart, an evil spirit. They escape by following a rainbow up to the sky, while the boat transforms into the Cloud Clipper.The Cloud Clipper is seen and mentioned by name in "Lost at Sea", an episode of Nelvana\'s Care Bears TV series.{{Cite episode}} There, the Great Wishing Star gives the group their "tummy symbols", pictures that indicate each creature\'s role or specialty. Noble Heart Horse and True Heart Bear, as the characters are named, become founders of the Kingdom of Caring, a land which comprises Care-a-Lot and the Forest of Feelings. For the Bears\' first Caring Mission, True Heart and stowaway Swift Heart Rabbit  travel to Earth and visit a summer camp. There, they meet three of its participants: a girl named Christy, and her friends Dawn and John. A boastful boy nicknamed the "Camp Champ" always defeats them in competitions, and assigns them to trash duty. Christy is unsatisfied at this; she and her friends run away, only to get lost in the woods. True Heart soon finds Dawn and John, and brings them to the Kingdom of Caring. After they arrive, the children hear a bell toll from the Caring Meter, which tells the Bears how much caring is taking place on Earth. Noble Heart and True Heart tell them to babysit the Cubs, before they leave to search for Dark Heart and Christy. Meanwhile, in the woods, Christy meets Dark Heart  for the first time, and asks him to make her the new Camp Champ. He grants her that wish, telling her she must pay him back with one favor, and heads away while she rejoins her friends. Aware of Dark Heart\'s potential, Noble Heart and True Heart move the Bear Cubs to Care-a-Lot, and the Cousin Cubs to the Forest of Feelings. Both sets quickly grow up to become the Care Bear Family. Later, while the Bears prepare a party for the Kingdom\'s founders, Dark Heart enters Care-a-Lot in disguise so that he can capture the whole Family. A cluster of Star Buddies, assistants to the Bears and Great Wishing Star, drives him off; he then morphs into a raging red cloud. The Bears shoot light at him from their bellies, forming their "Care Bear Stare"; the Cousins also help by using their Call. Afterward, Noble Heart and True Heart decide to search for him, and leave the Bears to handle missions by themselves. During their patrol, Wish Bear spots Christy stranded in a canoe within a lake; the other Bears and Cousins set out to rescue her. Dark Heart fires lightning bolts before the team, and captures many of them with his magic bag&mdash; the favor he wanted Christy to do all along. The few Family members at hand determine that she has teamed up with him. This prompts Tenderheart Bear to hold a conference at the Hall of Hearts; Friend Bear, Secret Bear and Christy\'s friends later join them. Dark Heart\'s influence causes the other children to wreck the camp that night. The Bears and Cousins search for the Family members, before Dark Heart imprisons them — first in cages, then inside big rubies hanging from a chandelier. Meanwhile, Dawn and John tell Christy of their conviction to rescue the Family from the villain. Feeling guilty, she finally pays him back by admitting what she has done. Despite this, her bargain with Dark Heart is over. Noble Heart, True Heart, Dawn and John enter Dark Heart\'s lair amid his impending deed; Christy asks him to free the others. While Noble Heart and True Heart enact their Stare, lightning from his cloud strikes Christy. With little energy left in her, she crashes down the chandelier with a marble. The Family members, finally free from the rubies, help Noble Heart and True Heart out. At the sight of a dead Christy, Dark Heart becomes remorseful for his actions. He asks the Care Bears to bring her back to life, but is disappointed that their kindness is not even enough. So he, the Family, Dawn and John chant "We care!" enough times to bring her back to life. Soon after, the group quickly leaves the cave as it transforms into an outhouse. Dark Heart becomes a real boy, and everyone is overjoyed. After a swim in the lake, the campers say goodbye to the Bears and Cousins; the former Dark Heart promises to be a better person at camp. The film ends with a message from its narrator, the Great Wishing Star, and flashbacks of the Care Bear Family\'s childhood.'] ['{{Plot}} Bob the Tomato is eagerly awaiting Larry the Cucumber\'s return from "Danish Immersion Camp" as the episode begins. But when Larry shows up, he informs Bob that he never really went there, ending up instead at "Overdone British Literary Adaptations Camp". Bob is dismayed because Larry\'s knowledge of Danish was critical to the scheduled show intended to address a viewer\'s question about self-worth. Larry comes up with an alternate plan though, one based on his experience at the Camp he did attend. The result is a parody of The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. In "The Strange Case of Dr. Jiggle and Mr. Sly", we first encounter an English gentleman named Mr. Butterbun and his butler Poole. Butterbun is obsessing about a flashy disco dancer who appears on the street at night with a boom box to perform. The neighbors, including Poole, seem to enjoy his performances, but Butterbun is deeply suspicious. When the dancer disappears into the home of Dr. Jiggle, he insists that they warn the doctor. Dr. Jiggle also admits to being impressed by the Mr. Sly\'s fantastic moves, and confesses a desire to be a dancer himself. Unfortunately for him, his portly stature makes this impossible, his jiggly belly being a target for ridicule. When Butterbun requests an audience with Mr. Sly, Dr. Jiggle becomes frantic and quickly shows his guests the doorstep. Butterbun is determined to find out who Mr. Sly really is and why he keeps disappearing into Dr. Jiggle\'s house. He enlists Poole to set a trap for him, to detain him while he dances and remove his disguise; but this plan fails when his butler instead gets caught up in the dance. The following night, however, Butterbun himself intervenes, stopping the music and confronting Mr. Sly. He recognizes his eyes, and when the dancer trips over the boom box, the portly Dr. Jiggle bursts forth from the constricting clothing. Butterbun is shocked but explains that he didn\'t need to hide in a disguise because he\'s special just the way God made him. The Silly Song "Sport Utility Vehicle" follows, in which Larry and Miss Akmetha sing in admiration of each other\'s vehicles. They lead sedentary and mundane lives, however, and can only dream of one day having the opportunity to perform daring rescues  in their SUV\'s. In the main feature, "A Snoodle\'s Tale," Bob narrates the story of a whimsical little creature known as a Snoodle. The Snoodles live in Snoodleburg, a town which features prominently a large clock tower in the center. Every fourth Tuesday, it spits out a new Snoodle which slides down a chute to join the Snoodle society. We witness the birth of one such creature named Snoodle Doo. He is born without any knowledge of his talents or abilities, but has on his back a backpack which contains paints, a paintbrush, and a kazoo. He also discovers he has wings. Attempting to figure out his purpose in life, he tries to utilize these gifts: first flying and then painting. But his attempts are met with ridicule by the older, more experienced Snoodles. Making matters worse, they paint him pictures of his failures and stuff them into his backpack. The weight of these pictures  drag him down, making him feel worthless. He decides to leave Snoodleburg and, observing the finches flying freely over Mt. Ginches, decides that he too will go there. After an arduous climb he eventually reaches the peak. There he meets a Stranger, the Creator of the Snoodles , who lives in a cave high above the clouds. The Stranger asks the Snoodle why he is so dejected, and the Snoodle explains that it\'s because he is no good at anything. The Stranger invites him in for tea and throws the hurtful pictures into the fire, assuring him that he looks nothing like them at all. He draws him a new picture, one that shows him confident and proud, encouraging him not just to fly, but to soar. The Snoodle\'s own picture, the one ridiculed by his elders, the Stranger hangs on his fridge. The story ends as the young Snoodle flies back to Snoodleburg and tells of his journey to the others.'] ["Judd is upset that Shiloh  now belongs to Marty. In the first film Marty did hard labor to get Shiloh from Judd. Judd starts drinking heavily and at the beginning of the film, almost runs Marty and Shiloh off the road with his truck. Marty encounters Judd several times in the film including one key moment when Judd thinks he heard Marty on his property, threatens him and holds his gun and goes to find him but he is too drunk. Later, Judd crashes his truck into the creek while driving drunk. Shiloh's loud barking gets Marty's attention where he finds Judd. Judd is then taken to the hospital and returns home sometime later. Marty wants to be nice with Judd and makes donations . Marty then starts writing Judd letters , telling him stories about Shiloh. Judd takes to liking this and reads them they kind of become friends again. In the end, Marty decides he wants to take Shiloh with him to visit Judd. Marty and Judd start to become friends after Judd tells him that it was Shiloh who really saved him and for the first time ever, Shiloh allows Judd to pet him.This is a wonderful, heartfelt movie."] ['Rick Heller is a juvenile delinquent who keeps getting himself into trouble. To keep him out of trouble his mother puts him to work cleaning the cage of a female gorilla named Katie which she is teaching to communicate through the use of sign language. When the owner of the gorilla takes her back to become a flea market freak, Rick takes it upon himself to break Katie out and take her on an adventurous journey to get her out of the country.'] ['Dr. Otto is a mysterious villain with a hand growing on top of his head. He is plotting world domination using his gloom beam, which can delete matter or memory and has the power to destroy the world. The bumbling hero Lance Sterling is the only one who can stop him, but his only clue is a riddle which reads: "When the money is scrambled to the very last cent, riots and hatred soon will commence. When all the world\'s commerce will be put in a bind, from the evil that lurks where the sun never shines. It is I, Dr. Otto von Schnick -ick-ick-ick, who has played on you this trick-ick-ick-ick." "But who\'s Dr. Otto?" you may well ponder, while all your magnetic cash is squandered. It\'s he who had an eye, and yet couldn\'t see. It\'s he who served bouillabaisse, when he was a she. It\'s he who gambled with brains, and a gun. It\'s he who had all, and yet had none. And to stop this horrible twisted trick, just exchange the poles of old Saint Nick. And if that doesn\'t do to save the day, put another quarter in and try another play." Soon Lance and his girlfriend Doris drive by Dr Otto\'s lair when they have car trouble, caused by Dr. Otto\'s gloom beam. They set off to find a phone to call for a mechanic. They eventually wander into a day care, run by Dr. Otto, which trains the kids to be soldiers. After a few adventures they finally find Otto\'s lair and have a fight with the doctor. The lair explodes and it all appears to be over, though Dr. Otto apparently escaped. Lance and his friends push the car to a gas station, where the owner turns out to be Ernest P. Worrell. Lance asks for gas, but Ernest replies they didn\'t have any. Lance and gang push the car off screen and Ernest lifts his hat to reveal a hand on top of his head and yells "Have a good day, knowwhatimean!"'] ['{{Plot}} After a violent storm, Sagi, a wise red panda and Azul, a flamboyant peacock discover that a six-year-old girl has been shipwrecked on their island. They and a baby elephant named Tika, decide to help her. Over time, she learns to talk to animals, but fails to remember anything about her past before the shipwreck, including her name after Ro. Her only clues are a battered trunk with a broken nameplate  and a shredded flag with a white rose. Ten years later, a handsome prince named Antonio discovers Ro\'s island. She saves his life when crocodiles attack him and his friend Frazer. Grateful for her help, Antonio asks Ro if she would like to return with him to his kingdom, Apollonia. Hoping to discover her past, Ro agrees as long as her animal family can come. During the voyage back, Ro and Antonio begin to fall in love. When they return, Antonio introduces Ro to his parents, King Peter and Queen Danielle as well as Antonio\'s younger sisters; the triplets Rita, Gina and Sofia. While the little girls immediately love Ro and her animals, Danielle is unsure what to think about Ro while Peter doesn\'t approve of her at all. The king becomes even more disturbed by his son\'s obvious affection towards the "uncivilized island girl". Ro does, however, succeed in earning the friendship of Danielle’s pet monkey, Tallulah. Peter is determined to have his adventurous son settle down and marry. While away, he arranged for Antonio to wed Luciana, a princess from a neighboring kingdom. Like the prince, Luciana doesn\'t want to marry someone she doesn\'t love, but is forced to be a puppet in her mother’s schemes. Unknown to all, Queen Ariana  is plotting to kill Antonio\'s family at the wedding and overthrow their kingdom, although Luciana is not wanting to help her mother, as she is much too kind and also befriends Ro. Queen Ariana\'s motive is revenge for her parents, who were banished and reduced to pig farmers for the attempted murder of Antonio\'s parents years ago. The queen sees Ro as a threat to her plans and quickly plots to dispose of her. Over the next few days, Ro repeatedly tries to please Antonio\'s parents, but due to Ariana\'s interference, they all end in disaster, which further increases Peter\'s dislike of her. By now, Ro feels like she doesn\'t belong in Apollonia and thinks about returning to her island, but her love for Antonio and determination to find out about herself convinces her to stay. Trying to cheer her up, Ro’s animals and Tallulah help her dress for Antonio and Luciana\'s engagement party. Thanks to their efforts, Ro arrives in a stunning gown while her grace leaves all the guests impressed, including Peter. When Antonio confesses to Ro that he loves her, Ro reminds him of his pledge to Luciana. After a dance together, she leaves and spots a carriage outside the castle bearing the same design as the flag found back on the island. Ro discovers that the flag belongs to another neighboring kingdom called Paladia, but the duke and duchess  only had sons; no daughters. Fed up with his father\'s attempts to push him into marriage, Antonio writes a note for Ro, saying that he wants to run away with her instead of marrying Luciana. Tika witnesses this and decides to hide the note from Ro, fearing that Ro will leave her. As part of her plan to get rid of Ro, Ariana has her three pet rats put a deadly sleeping herb called “sunset herb” into the food of all the animals in the kingdom. The next day, animals all over the kingdom are unable to wake up, and Ro is blamed for the epidemic. Peter has Ro locked away in the dungeon, and during that time, the "Prisoner food" that Azul eats also contains the Sunset Herb, and he too falls into a deep sleep. When Antonio begs for her release, Peter makes his son a deal, if he marries Luciana, Ro will be freed. Ro is banished from Apollonia and placed on a boat that will take her back to her island. On the journey, Tika confesses how she hid Antonio\'s note, and Ro forgives her. The entire group are then thrown overboard, as Ariana had paid a man to sabotage the boat. When Ro almost drowns and Sagi attempts to call her to come near him, her memory is triggered of how she was lost at sea as a child, and of a man yelling her real name: "Rosella". Tika nearly succumbs to hypothermia and drowns, but Ro manages to call dolphins for help just in time, and they bring the group back to shore. As Antonio and Luciana\'s wedding starts, Ariana sneaks some of the sunset herb into the wedding cake. Ro arrives and quickly starts to make a rose tonic antidote for the poison. She almost completes her task when the king\'s guards discover her. Sagi escapes and takes the antidote to Tallulah, who has been poisoned as well. One of the guards chase after him, but Tika takes him down. The other guard is about to lead Ro back to the dungeons. Hearing about the commotion from Tika, who enters the wedding room just as it is about to start, Antonio, Luciana, Antonio\'s parents, Ariana and their guests hurry to the greenhouse, disrupting the wedding. Antonio is ecstatic to see Ro again, while Peter demands that she be thrown in prison for daring to return. She tries to explain the animals have really been poisoned and that she can cure them. The king is hesitant at first, but then a cured Tallulah appears with Sagi, showing that Ro is telling the truth. Ro then exposes Ariana\'s plot to everyone. Ariana denies it, but a shocked Luciana confirms Ro\'s story by saying that her mother had told her not to eat any wedding food. Exposed, Ariana tries to make a getaway in the wedding carriage, but after a long chase scene, is eventually stopped and captured by falling into the pigs\' pen. Peter apologizes to Ro and his son. He gives the couple his blessing and embraces Ro. She tells the royal family that her real name is Rosella. A guest behind them, Queen Marissa from Paladia, overhears Ro and comes forward. She tells them that she had a daughter named Rosella. Ro pauses and then starts to sing a lullaby she knew since she was little. Marissa joins in to complete the song, realizing that Ro is indeed her long-lost daughter and that Rosella is princess of Paladia. Antonio, his parents and Ro\'s animal friends  watch as the reunited mother and daughter embrace. Ro and Antonio are promptly married. Luciana also attends the wedding and meets a handsome young prince. The happy couple  wave goodbye to everyone as they set sail on a honeymoon voyage with Sagi, Azul, Tika and Tallulah in tow.'] ['Hubie, a shy, gullible but kindhearted penguin, is in love with the beautiful and kind Marina, but lacks self-confidence leading him to be bullied by the much more impressive, but vain and cruel Drake, who also wants Marina, but clearly for lust. One night, Hubie and Marina share a song under the moonlight and their feelings are confirmed for each other. Hubie, however, is luckless in finding a perfect pebble to propose to Marina with and wishes on a star to make his dream come true. An emerald falls from the sky next to Hubie. Ecstatic, Hubie rushes to find Marina but is stopped by Drake, who taunts him for a few moments, and demands Hubie to give him the pebble, but when he refuses, Drake throws him into the water. Hubie narrowly escapes a leopard seal and climbs on to a piece of ice where he is swept away from Antarctica. Hubie is picked up by humans and caged on their ship, which is transporting penguins to a zoo. The unfortunate penguins on the ship sing of the misery awaiting them. Hubie meets a tough, grumpy, streetwise and somewhat arrogant but good-hearted rockhopper penguin named Rocko. After seeing Drake warning Marina of the full moon where she must choose a mate or be banished in a dream/vision, Hubie decides to escape. Together, Hubie and Rocko flee, and while lying low on a beach, Hubie finds out that Rocko wants to learn to fly. When Rocko refuses to help Hubie, he convinces Rocko to help him return to Antarctica by making up a lie about a penguin named Waldo who can fly. They have a short fight after Rocko tries to fly off "an authentic, ancient aviarial airstrip" and another after Rocko saved Hubie from a killer whale and denies it. Meanwhile, in Antarctica, when Marina refuses to marry Drake, he sings threats of killing her. Meanwhile, Hubie and Rocko attempt to depart, only Rocko literally becomes crossed with Hubie when he reveals that he was lying to him. Enraged, Rocko attempts to attack Hubie, but soon starts laughing, praising Hubie\'s determination to get back to Marina. Back in Antarctica, Marina becomes worried about Hubie and sings a different version of the song Hubie sang for her earlier in the film. Hubie and Rocko later run into the hungry and persistent leopard seal . They escape the seal, as Rocko had commented Hubie as "amazing", and both sing to the beginning of their friendship . When Rocko starts to teach Hubie how to fight, they run into a pod of their worst aquatic enemies: the killer whale. While trying reaching the home ice, Rocko tries to head-off the orcas while Hubie tries to approach the nearest iceberg, having to lose his pebble in the process. Once the killer whales are gone, he calls in vain for Rocko, whose bandana soon washes up right in front of him, suggesting that Rocko died, which devastates Hubie. After the chase, he must face his worst enemy, who has captured his love. Hubie gets knocked out, but gains confidence, and he stands up and fights Drake once again. Hubie has the upper hand on the second go-round, and with a skillful kick, he sends Drake plummeting to his supposed demise. In surprise, Rocko reappears unharmed to Hubie and Marina, but not before Hubie proposes to Marina, who accepts. Before anything else happens, an enraged Drake reappears and yells at them "Say your prayers, you fools!" . He throws a large boulder  towards Hubie and Rocko, but it is Drake who meets his demise, by being crushed to death by the entire tower. Rocko saves the couple in danger, and finally gains his ability to fly, much to his excitement. Rocko, having found Hubie\'s pebble, gives it back to him and it is presented to Marina, who loves it, but then states that she loves Hubie more. In the end, Rocko teaches Marina and Hubie\'s children to fly.'] ['In this sequel, the Robinsons continue their relaxed life in the mountains. More adventure awaits as they prepare themselves for the upcoming fierce winter. Pat fights a bout of pneumonia as the cold weather takes hold. The wildlife continues to be menacing and dangerous at times, but most of the woodland creatures are a comfort to the Robinsons. Their courage and the will to survive, along with breathtaking surroundings, help keep the family happy in their mountain home.'] ['Travis and his two daughters, Courtney and Samantha, set off on a dangerous trip around the world on a sailboat. Along for the trip is Kelly, a journalist who has been assigned to cover the voyage. Also, Jesse, a stowaway, is found aboard adding a fifth person on the trip. Soon, they are shipwrecked on a deserted island and must learn how to survive together in a sometimes dangerous environment.'] [" Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their newborn daughter Melody on a ship at sea. Ariel's father King Triton presents Melody with a magic locket. The party is interrupted by Morgana, sister of the deceased Ursula, who threatens to cause Melody harm, using her as leverage to get Triton's trident. Ariel and Eric work together to foil Morgana's plan. Fearing Morgana and remembering Ursula, Ariel decides to withhold all knowledge of the sea world from Melody. The locket is tossed into the ocean, and a massive wall is built to separate the royal castle from the sea. Twelve years later, Melody remains unaware of her mother’s mermaid heritage and is forbidden from ever going into the sea. However, she has been sneaking out the castle regularly to swim and one day finds her locket. Seeing her name on the locket, Melody confronts her mother and, frustrated with her mother's refusal to answer her questions, Melody takes a boat and sails away from home. Her parents soon learn that she is gone, and Triton uses his magic to transform Ariel back into a mermaid to search for Melody. Melody is lured to Morgana’s lair by her manta rays, Cloak and Dagger, and Undertow, and Morgana uses the remains of Ursula's magic to temporarily transform Melody into a mermaid. Morgana says that the transformation will be permanent if Melody can get hold of the trident, which she claims was stolen by Triton. With the help of Tip the penguin and Dash the walrus, Melody successfully returns to Morgana with the trident. Ariel tries to stop Melody, but before she can explain that Morgana is evil, Melody gives the trident to Morgana. With the trident in her grip, Morgana reveals her true intentions and grabs Ariel with her tentacle and holds her hostage. Morgana uses the trident's magic to lord over the ocean, rising to the surface to gloat. Scuttle, Triton, Sebastian, and Eric arrive, and a battle ensues against Morgana and her minions. Melody manages to grab the trident and throw it back to Triton by climbing up the cliff on which Morgana is standing and sneaking up on her. Triton uses his trident to encase Morgana in a block of ice, which sinks underwater. Melody reunites with her family, and Triton offers his granddaughter the option of becoming a mermaid permanently. Instead, she uses the trident to disintegrate the wall separating her home from the sea, reuniting the humans and the merpeople."] ['The school year ends with everyone at East High School looking forward to summer vacation . Troy Bolton is still dating Gabriella Montez, who decides to stay in Albuquerque with her mother. Troy eventually decides to look for a summer job to gain money for college. Sharpay and Ryan Evans plan to spend part of the summer at their family\'s country club, Lava Springs , but Sharpay\'s summer plans also include pursuing Troy, whom she has arranged to be hired at the club. However, Troy convinces the club\'s manager, Mr. Fulton, into hiring Gabriella and their close group of friends as well; including Taylor and Chad. Sharpay is enraged upon learning that Gabriella is working as one of the lifeguards but is unable to get her fired so she orders Fulton to give them difficult tasks so they would be best to quit. Fulton attempts to intimidate the group but Troy rebuilds their confidence and convinces them that they can persevere . Troy continues to worry about funding for college. Sharpay senses his need and arranges for Troy to be promoted, hoping that this will convince him to sing with her at the talent show. Meanwhile, Kelsi writes a ballad for Troy and Gabriella. Troy agrees to sing with his friends in the show , not knowing that Sharpay is vying for his attention. (In the extended version, Sharpay and Ryan trap Troy as he prepares for a date with Gabriella, and perform their potential show stopper  Ryan realizes he does not mean much to Sharpay anymore, as she is ready to blow her brother aside for the opportunity to perform with Troy. This leads to tension between the twin siblings and Ryan angrily informs Sharpay that he will no longer obey her orders. Taylor and Gabriella invite Ryan to the baseball game, where he persuades the Wildcats to take part in the talent show . Troy and Gabriella\'s relationship is strained when Troy sees Ryan with Gabriella, sparking jealousy. Owing to a "promise" from Troy, he and Sharpay practice their song for the Midsummer Night\'s Talent Show ("You Are The Music In Me . When Sharpay discovers that Ryan and the Wildcats are putting together their own performance in the show, she orders Mr. Fulton to ban all junior staff members from performing. Gabriella angrily confronts Sharpay about her interference and quits her job at Lava Springs. Troy overhears the exchange, and tries to persuade Gabriella to change her mind. Gabriella expresses her loss of trust with Troy  and leaves Lava Springs, & gives him the necklace back. It also seems that they broke up, also. Troy returns to work the next day to find that his friends refuse to talk to him. Kelsi silently shows Troy the notice from Mr. Fulton, causing Troy to question his own motivations . He begins to reconcile with Chad and his other friends. Then Troy confronts Sharpay, informing her that he will not sing with her. The Wildcats and Chad forgive Troy for his absence and convince him to sing in the talent show, which he does only under the condition that they are all allowed to perform as well. At Sharpay\'s supposed instruction, Ryan gives Troy a new song to learn moments before the show. As Troy goes onstage, he asks Sharpay why she switched the song, and Sharpay is shocked to find that her brother tricked her. Troy sings the song  alone, until Gabriella surprisingly joins him onstage. In the end, Sharpay proudly presents her brother, Ryan, with the award for the talent show. After the talent show, all the Wildcats go to the golf course to enjoy the fireworks. Everyone celebrates the end of the summer with a pool party  which features a cameo appearance by Miley Cyrus.'] ['The film opens with Ryan Tyler reading about his father Michael Tyler\'s ([[Stephen Lang  career working with pandas in China, while Michael is absent at the time. After school that day, Ryan and his friend Johnny take the bus home to Ryan\'s house to spend the afternoon together. When Ryan checks the mail, he finds a plane ticket to China which was sent by his father. When Ryan is taken to the airport, Ryan tells his mother at the last minute that he did not want to go to China, as he thought his father cared more about his work than him. With his mother\'s kind advice of being able to come home if he did not like it in China, Ryan boards the plane to China. Meanwhile, out in the forest in China, Michael is with two companions, Ling , a young girl and translator, and Chu, Lings\' grandfather who is very experienced with pandas. Together, they track down a mother panda with a blow gun and place a radio collar on her and head back to the Panda reserve. Ryan arrives at the airport in China, with his father nowhere to be found. While wandering around in a fair, Ryan notices a bus with a panda bear logo on the side, and boards it, hoping it will take him to his father. Reluctantly, the bus treks to his father\'s location. Meanwhile back in the forest, the mother Panda steps into a bear trap as her newborn cub who is rare and priceless looks on helplessly. Back at the reserve, Michael and the staff recognize the weakness of the signal and lack of movement in the collar, which leads them to believing the panda is in danger. Just as Michael, Ling and Chu set out to visit the panda, Ryan arrives at the reserve but Michael is in a hurry, shows Ryan to his room, and forbids him to come with him into the forest. Ryan watches his dad leave, and with disgust, runs out after his father\'s tractor, scolding him for leaving him so fast. Michael claims he would be back as soon as he could and Ryan replies saying that is what he had said two years ago when he and his mother divorced and she left. This causes Michael to stop the tractor, and realizing his mistake, lets Ryan come for the mission. While they are on their way to the panda and her cub, two poachers, who had set up the trap, beat the others to them. The poacher with the gun fires at the mother panda, but the other poacher pushes the gun away, stating in Chinese that he takes the cub first and then he can shoot the mother. Meanwhile Michael, Ryan, Ling, and Chu all hear this gunshot, and Michael sets out into the forest with the blow gun. He catches the poacher ready to shoot the mother panda, shouts "NO! DON\'T SHOOT!" and sprints through the bushes toward the poacher. The poacher, terrified, blindly shoots at Michael\'s ankle, knocking him down, and runs away with the other poacher and the cub. Ryan, Ling, and Chu run over, and see Michael down and wounded in the ankle. While Chu and Michael set the mother panda loose from the trap, Ling runs back to the tractor and radios the helicopter from the reserve to bring the cub and the injured Michael back to the reserve. When the helicopter arrives, the pilot Chang states there is only room for Michael, the panda, and himself, and Ryan would have to wait at the site for Chang to come back to pick him up. While Ling and Chu set off to find the stolen cub, Ryan is waiting at the rock, muttering to himself to keep entertained. When he sees a snake in the bush, he immediately takes off through the trees, frightened, and in search of Ling. Ryan encounters Ling and Chu, and together they set out to the poachers\' home to recover the cub. The poachers, having discovered the panda was missing, catch Ryan and Ling escaping on the bridge, and shoot the bridge in order to stop them. This causes Ling to fall, just barely hanging on, leaving Ryan to try and help her up. As the poachers approach, the cub pushes both of them in, thus all 3 of them landing in the river to float downstream. Later when they tried to return the panda to the reserve, they fell into a river and down a waterfall. When they surface and get out of the water, Ryan and Ling find themselves covered with leeches so they frantically strip off their clothes and jump into the river. Ryan soon realizes that he can use the batteries in his watch to power the collar and enable his father to locate them. Attempting to make their way back to the reserve with the cub, whom Ryan decides to name Johnny, they come upon a local village that grants them hospitality for protecting Johnny. However, the poachers have also arrived and begin searching the village for Johnny. The villagers help the trio escape, but as they make their way across the mountains, the poachers follow and attempt to take Johnny. Luckily, Michael arrives and subdues the poachers. They then drive back to the reserve just as Chinese officials are about to close it. Upon seeing Ryan bring Johnny back to his mother, the officials decide let the reserve remain open.'] ['Joseph is the youngest of Jacob\'s twelve sons and is labeled as a "Miracle Child" since his mother, Rachel, was believed to be barren. Whilst his brothers work the farm, Joseph in contrast is doted upon and educated by Jacob, inciting the brothers\' jealousy and hatred. When he receives a beautiful coat from his father, his brothers hate him even more and fear he may take over as clan leader upon the death of Jacob, despite him being the youngest and only their half-brother. One evening Joseph dreams that the sheep his brothers\' flock are being attacked by wolves, and true enough whilst his brothers leave him alone to care for the sheep whilst they go swimming, a pack of wolves attack the flock and Joseph is nearly killed until Jacob saves him. Jacob is furious that Joseph was abandoned by his brothers, and also amazed that Joseph\'s dream came true. Judah, the eldest of the brothers and therefore their leader, merely dismisses this but Jacob is uncertain. The next night, Joseph dreams that his brothers each carry sheaves of wheat that bow down to Joseph\'s gigantic sheaf, and that he is a brilliant star in the sky, surrounded by eleven smaller stars and the sun and the moon. Jacob predicts that one day Joseph will rise above them all, alarming the brothers. They leave and retreat to a cave where they plot to do away with Joseph. Having followed them, Joseph overhears, and the brothers tear his cloak and hurl him down a pit until nightfall. When they "rescue" him, Joseph is horrified to discover their scheme to sell him to desert slave traders who take him to Egypt. The brothers then bring Joseph\'s torn and bloodied coat to Jacob and Rachel, who are heartbroken and are led to think he was killed by a wolf pack. In Egypt, Joseph is made the servant of a wealthy Egyptian Potiphar. He quickly proves himself an asset to his master and the two become less master and slave and more friends. However, Potiphar\'s deceitful wife, Zuleika, takes a liking to Joseph. She tries unsuccessfully to seduce Joseph and grabs him, tearing his clothes as he flees in fear. Out of malice, she tells Potiphar, that Joseph attempted to violate her. Angrily, Potiphar orders Joseph killed, but when his wife intervenes, he realizes that Joseph is not guilty of his wife\'s accusations and he reluctantly has Joseph thrown into prison. While imprisoned, Joseph shows his gift by interpreting the dreams of the royal butler and baker who are also prisoners. He accurately predicts that the butler will be restored to his position at the palace in three days, and that the baker will be put to death. Eventually, the Pharaoh begins to be plagued by dreams and is told by the butler that Joseph can interpret them. He sends Potiphar to retrieve Joseph who forgives his old friend and master immediately. Joseph interprets the pharaoh\'s dreams as warnings of an upcoming seven years of abundance in Egypt followed by seven years of famine that will wipe out Egypt. The pharaoh is troubled and at a loss for what to do in order to prevent the upcoming disaster, however, Joseph cleverly suggests that each year one fifth of the crops are put aside and kept for rationing in order to save Egypt. The pharaoh, impressed by Joseph, makes him  second only to pharaoh, and gives him the name "Zaphenapt-Paneah". As the years pass, Joseph\'s plan saves Egypt from starvation, Joseph marries the niece of Potiphar, Asenath, and has two children with her. Eventually, his brothers arrive in Egypt to buy food because the seven-year famine that struck Egypt has also desolated Canaan. They do not recognize Joseph, who is enraged to see them. They offer to pay for the grain with the silver they sold Joseph for - but Joseph accuses them of being spies, and demands proof of their identity. When the brothers claim they need the food to help their ailing father and youngest brother, Joseph becomes even more angry and has Simeon arrested and locked in prison. He orders the remaining brothers to return with their alleged youngest as proof. If they do not, then Simeon will be put to death. Appalled, the brothers leave. Asenath is equally shocked and demands to know what Joseph is up to. When she sees through his lies that they are thieves, he reveals that they are his brothers and that it was they who sold him into slavery. Shortly afterward, the brothers reappear with a young man named Benjamin who is Joseph\'s almost identical little brother. Simeon is released and Joseph asks Benjamin about his family. He is saddened to realize his mother has died but his father mollycoddles Benjamin, for fear of losing another son. The brothers lie that they had a youngest brother who was killed by wolves many years ago, angering Joseph more, though he does not show it. He sees through his brothers\' lies and decides to exact his revenge on them. Joseph invites the brothers to a feast and has his own golden chalice concealed in Benjamin\'s bag while no one is looking. After the feast when the brothers prepare to leave, Joseph prevents them from going and lies that one of them has stolen his goblet. Despite the brothers\' protests, Joseph cuts open the sacks of grain he gave them to take back to their homeland, and out of Benjamin\'s topples the gold cup. Joseph orders that he be imprisoned and enslaved. When his older brothers implore him to let Benjamin go and offer themselves instead, he is shocked. Judah beseeches Joseph not to take Benjamin, as the shock of losing another son would surely kill their elderly father. He confesses that their hatred blinded them in the past and that, in jealousy, they sold their brother into slavery and lied that he had been killed by wolves. Touched by their honesty and their honorable show of love for Benjamin, Joseph forgives them and reveals his true identity. The brothers and Joseph plead for forgiveness from one another, which both sides grant, and Joseph invites them and their families to live with him at the palace. Shortly after, he is reunited with his father who is overjoyed to see him again.'] ['The story begins sometime after the third season with Valtor defeated and the magical dimension safe for the time being. An unseen narrator begins to speak about a girl who discovered that she was a fairy and a princess: Bloom. Though her story is a magical one, it is one without an ending. The story will only have one when the girl writes the ending-i.e. creates the ending. The scene changes to show six cloaked figures: the Winx. Bloom and her friends are on a search for Bloom\'s parents, King Oritel and Queen Marion which could change Bloom\'s life forever. The girls are on their way to find Hagen, a blacksmith who once forged the Sword of King Oritel. The girls successfully sneak into the castle but due to Stella\'s mistake, are forced to battle Hagen\'s robot guards. Fortunately, Bloom ends the battle by using her Dragon Flame to destroy their power source. Hagen then holds Bloom at sword-point in anger for the Winx girls trespassing his castle but Faragonda arrives in time to stop him. At Alfea, Bloom, Hagen and Faragonda talk in her office. On Hagen\'s comment on the decoration of the school, Faragonda explains that some fairies are leaving the school to end their journey and become Guardian Fairies: All of the Winx except Bloom, as her Enchantix is still dangerously incomplete. Bloom then asks Hagen if he can sense the sword that he forged for her father, a mystical sword that can never be separated from its rightful master. Hagen states that he has been searching for the sword for years to find her parents, but has not sensed it at all. Hagen tells her that she must face reality; her birth parents are not coming back. Bloom, faced with the revelation that her dreams are over, runs off in tears and avoids her friends. She goes to the top of the castle where she watches the graduation ceremony. There, she befriends a small cat after she appears, whom she names Purr. Talking to her and Kiko, she explains that she feels that "the world has lost all it\'s colors, there is no more hope". Sadly, she sees her five best friends become Guardian Fairies  and graduate. Whispering that she loves them, she turns away in grief. Sky appears and comforts her. Bloom is upset that all she and the Winx have done won\'t matter any more. Sky however tells her, "School might be over but life goes on." Riven also speaks to Hagen, asking him why he left the Company of Light. Hagen explains that they all have darkness and light inside them, the key is keeping the darkness in check. That night, there is a party and Bloom dances with Sky on the grounds. He encourages her to keep looking for her parents despite Hagen\'s words. Unfortunately, a ship arrives and Sky is forced to leave with a mysterious girl. As he goes, he promises Bloom that he will explain everything and never leave her. Back in the dorm, the girls decide to remember the good times by partying together one last time. The next morning, Bloom leaves for Earth to stay with her adoptive parents for the time-being. Though she seems happy, Mike feels that Bloom is uncomfortable living on Earth. Vanessa agrees, stating, "This is not her world anymore." One night, Bloom sees in a dream what happened to her parents. Her father was pulled into another dimension by the Ancestral witches while her mother absorbed herself into the sword in order to be with him. Daphne then appears and tells Bloom that there is still hope; their parents are still alive. She gives Bloom her mask, telling her it will help her to see Domino before it was destroyed. She also tells her about the Book of Fate, a book their father, Oritel, kept that tells the whole entire history of Domino. Daphne gives Bloom its location before she vanishes, telling Bloom that she is not alone. The restoration of Bloom\'s hope triggers the sword of King Oritel, deep within the Obsidian Circle. Its glow troubles the spectral, spiritual forms of the three Ancestral Witches, since they believed they destroyed all of Domino inhabitants. Obsidian\'s Keeper, Mandragora, appears before them asking for the ability to escape Obsidian so she can search for the cause of the sword\'s reactivation. The witches agree. In the morning, Bloom is surprised to see all of her friends plus Sky there to celebrate her birthday. Bloom tells them her plan and they all agree to help her. They head to Domino where Bloom wears the mask and finds that Domino was actually a beautiful place before it was destroyed and covered with ice and snow. The group head towards the mountains where the book is hidden but Tecna tells them that a legendary bird named the Roc is guarding the library. The boys climb the mountain but thanks to Sky and Riven\'s arguing, the Roc awakens and flies off with the guys hanging on for dear life. The girls run to the ship and manage to calm the bird with Musa\'s music and let it land. Inside the library, they meet Bartelby, Oritel\'s scribe in spiritual form, who shows them the Book of Fate. In it, they discover that Oritel as well as all the people of Domino are trapped in a horrible dimension called Obsidian. Bloom learns that she must travel there to free them. Wanting to learn more, Bartelby lets her turn the page but discovers jumbled words; the future has not yet been written. Meanwhile, Riven is bitten by Mandragora\'s spy bug and becomes her puppet. Soon after, Alfea is attacked by Mandragora but the Winx, Mirta, the teachers and Faragonda are able to stop her. Bloom asks Faragonda to tell her more about Obsidian and learns about its cruel nature, how all the nightmares of the universe are within it. Just before they leave, Bloom looks at the Book of Fate and is shocked to see her parents wedding photo turn into a picture of her and Sky at the altar. Throwing the book aside in surprise, the picture changes into everyone fixing the school, which soon comes true. The group head to Pixie Village where they enter the Tree of Portals. Only Bloom stays behind as she is not yet a guardian fairy and cannot miniaturize. Unfortunately, Jolly triggers an explosion inside the tree which causes the keys to become jumbled. Thankfully, Lockette finds the correct key and they all head to the gateway to the Obsidian dimension. As the girls enter, Mandragora appears and Riven begins to battle Sky. As he is about to stab him, Musa jumps in front of him and is injured. Riven sees what he has done and recalls all that they have been through together. He lifts her up and tells her that he now knows what he must fight for-her and they kiss passionately. In Obsidian, the girls battle their greatest fears but survive. Next, Bloom sees a figure of stone that looks like her father. To her horror, the Ancestral Witches tell her that the figure is her father frozen in stone, the same fate as all inhabitants of her planet. The witches force her to make a choice between destroying the sword and saving her Earth parents or taking the sword and letting Mandragora kill them. Luckily, Bloom sees that in the image, her father is not sneezing as he pets Ron-her father is allergic to cats- and realizes that it is a trick. Sky arrives moments later and takes the sword, but supposedly dies, as he is not a king and only a king can take the sword. Feeling all alone, Bloom is ready to give up when Daphne appears and reminds her that she is never alone. Bloom wears the mask, and Daphne joins with her to destroy the witches. However, Mandragora returns and, using her body as a host, the Ancestral Witches begin to strangle Bloom. Sky stabs Mandragora with Oritel\'s sword, destroying her and the entire Obsidian Circle, freeing everyone and placing Miriam back in fairy form. Sky explains that he is now King of Eraklyon and that his coronation was the night he left Bloom at Alfea. Domino is restored and Bloom is finally reunited with her birth parents. There is a party afterwards where Oritel and Miriam promise Bloom that they will be around for the rest of her life. Mike and Vanessa are there too and Bloom hugs them affectionately. Oritel begins the traditional father-daughter dance but lets Bloom dance with Sky. As the whole group dances, Sky swings by Brandon and Stella and takes a beautiful blue and silver box from Brandon. Moving away, Sky shows her a diamond ring. Leaning down, he whispers quietly to Bloom, asking her if she will marry him. Happier than ever, Bloom accepts and kisses him passionately. He proposes again in the second movie. Bartelby then appears by the Book of Fate, telling the audience that the prophecy has been fulfilled and there is a new Company of Light-The Winx. However, the three Ancestral Witches have not been destroyed. Instead, they were freed and are finding new bodies to take over and destroy the Winx. They are shown with their descendants, the Trix, Icy, Darcy, and Stormy, cackling madly, which could imply that they have taken over their bodies.'] ["Ina looses her loved teddy bear Nonno in the Metro after Christmas-shopping with her mum. An old man and his dog find Nonno and leave him at the post but he falls down into a bag which will go by train to Kiruna, where Anna who works at the post at the station finds him and brings him home. Later a boy called Per-Olof finds Nonno who has disappeared from Anna's family. When two girls are bad to him, he becomes angry and throws Nonno down on the motorway and Nonno lands on a truck which is going towards Stockholm. Later Nonno is for sale in an antique shop and Ina's older brother Jakob, who later comes back home from the United States, passes the shop and buyes Nonno."] ['The film opens in springtime, about a year after Charlotte has died. Charlotte\'s three daughters, Nellie, Aranea, and Joy, are now in the stages of adolescence, with Wilbur serving as a companion and mentor. During this time, Wilbur befriends Cardigan, a newborn lamb that is looked down upon by the other lambs and the younger sheep of his flock because he has black wool. Wilbur takes Cardigan under his wing and shows him the farm, the ways of animal life, and dangers to look out for. However, after only a few weeks, Zuckerman suddenly sells Cardigan to another farmer, so Wilbur, along with Charlotte\'s daughters and Templeton the Rat, set out to visit Cardigan and make sure he is safe. On the journey to visit Cardigan, however, Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple. Some bark from the trees comes and lands on his head. This makes him look like a wild pig. A near hit by a car then reveals that two other guys have now seen the wild pig. This makes it hard for Wilbur to visit Cardigan. Meanwhile, an evil fox named Farley comes and steals a hen from the barn, and Wilbur is blamed. Farley comes and steals Cardigan from the barn, and plans to eat him. Wilbur now must save his friend, and does so by trapping him in a "pig web". Charlotte\'s daughters spin the word "fox" in a spider web, and Fern arrives just in time to save Wilbur. The fox, while not shown, is probably disposed of. Aranea and Joy decide to stay with Cardigan, and the film ends as Wilbur has to baby sit Templeton\'s kids. He had promised to do this earlier when Templeton had to get Wilbur out of some brambles bushes, which also helped make him look like a wild pig.'] ['Young Elizabeth Blair lives at the Lakeside Orphanage, a dreary, regimented place supervised by two decent but dour women. Her older sister Mary works in the kitchen, laundry, and dormitory. Elizabeth is a sweet child but her high spirits often lead her into trouble with the superintendent. When the trustees descend on the orphanage for a tour of inspection, Elizabeth is caught playfully mimicking the head trustee and is threatened with being sent to a public institution. Young, rich, handsome trustee Edward Morgan intervenes. He takes a liking to Elizabeth and, in a private interview with the child, learns that most of her life has been spent obsequiously expressing her gratitude for every mouthful that has fallen her way. He adopts her but, not wanting to curb Elizabeth’s spirit by making her feel slavishly obligated to him for every kindness, he tells her a fictitious “Hiram Jones” is her benefactor and he is simply acting on Jones’s behalf as his lawyer. He nicknames her "Curly Top." Meanwhile, he has met and fallen in love with Elizabeth’s sister Mary but will not admit it. Elizabeth and Mary leave the orphanage and take up residence in Morgan\'s luxurious Southampton beach house. His kindly aunt, Genevieve Graham, and his very proper butler Reynolds are charmed by the two. Elizabeth has everything a child could want including a pony cart and silk pajamas. Mary secretly loves Morgan but, believing he has no romantic interest in her, she accepts an offer of marriage from young navy pilot Jimmie Rogers. Morgan is taken aback but offers his congratulations. Hours later, Mary ends the engagement when she realizes she doesn\'t truly love Jimmie. Morgan then declares his love, reveals he is the fictitious “Hiram Jones,” and plans marriage and a long honeymoon in Europe with Mary.'] ["Continuing after the end of Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla, Interpol agents, led by Inspector Kusaka, search for the wreck of Mechagodzilla at the bottom of the Okinawan Sea. Using the submarine, Akatsuki, they hope to gather information on the robot's builders, the alien simians. The Akatsuki is suddenly attacked by a giant aquatic dinosaur called Titanosaurus, and the crew is apparently lost. Interpol starts an investigation into the incident. With the help of marine biologist Akira Ichinose, they trace the Titanosaurus to a reclusive, mad scientist named Shinzô Mafune, who wants to destroy all mankind. While Ichinose is visiting his old home in the seaside forest of Manazuru, they meet Mafune's lone daughter, Katsura. She tells them that not only is her father dead, but she burned all of the notes about the giant dinosaur . Unbeknownst to them, Mafune is still alive and well. He is visited by his friend Tsuda, who is an aide to the simian alien leader Mugal. He is leading the project to quickly rebuild Mechagodzilla. Mugal offers their services to Mafune, so that his Titanosaurus and their Mechagodzilla 2 will be the ultimate weapons. They hope to wipe out mankind and rebuild the world for themselves. But things are complicated for both factions when Ichinose falls in love with Katsura and unwittingly gives her Interpol's information against Titanosaurus, the new Mechagodzilla, and the aliens. It's also discovered that Katsura is actually a cyborg and Mugal still has uses for her. Meanwhile, Mafune is desperate to unleash Titanosaurus without the aliens' permission, so he releases it on Yokosuka one night. By then, Interpol discovers that supersonic waves are the Titanosaurus' weakness. They had a supersonic wave oscillator ready, but Katsura sabotaged the machine before they could use it. Fortunately, Godzilla arrives to fight off Titanosaurus. Later, when Ichinose visits Katsura, he is captured by the aliens. Tied to a chair, Ichinose can only watch as Mafune and the aliens unleash Mechagodzilla and Titanosaurus on Yokosuka, while Interpol struggles to repair their sonic wave machine and the Japanese armed forces struggle to keep the two monsters at bay. Katsura, while being controlled by Mugal, ignores Ichinose and controls both the dinosaur and the robot as they destroy the city. Godzilla comes to the rescue, though he is outmatched by the two titans. While Interpol distracts Titanosaurus with the supersonic wave oscillator, Godzilla is able to focus on attacking Mechagodzilla. Interpol agents infiltrate the aliens' hideout, rescue Ichinose, and kill Mafune and many of the aliens. The remaining aliens attempt to escape in their ship, but Godzilla shoots them down. Katsura, while being embraced by Ichinose, shoots herself to destroy Mechagodzilla. Godzilla, with the help of the oscillator, defeats Titanosaurus  and heads back to sea."] ['Shane is very into nature and is a vegetarian, while her estranged twin sister Lizzie has a driven, type A personality. They are complete opposites, or so they think. Unknown to each other, both have entered to be in a TV reality show called The Challenge and, as part of a deceitful scheme to boost the flagging ratings , the producers think it would be fun to put both twins on the same team when they hate each other. Shane lives in Los Angeles with her mom and Lizzie in Washington, D.C. with her dad; they haven\'t seen each other in two years. The girls are both put on Team Mayan, and they have to try to get along for the sake of both the team and their college scholarships. They do, of course, break some romance rules with some guys. The Contestants: Shane Dalton: A vegetarian who lives with her single mother in California and is the estranged sister of Lizzie. Very peaceful and Zen-empowered, is easygoing, unless it involves her sister, and she works to get her team in \'the right place\' for the tasks by teaching them yoga. She is afraid of heights. She and her sister make up in the middle of the movie and seem as if they were never apart. She wants to be a earth scientist. Elizabeth "Lizzie" Dalton: A modern city girl living with her father in Washington DC, is the more uptight twin. She\'s typical "city girl" although she is very detailed-oriented, which proves to be a bit of an advantage during later tasks in the game. She has a major fear of snakes. She falls for the head intern Marcus they have a romantic relationship and go out on double dates with Shane and Adam. Adam: A laid-back, average boy who plans to go to college to study journalism. He grows close to Shane early on the flim. Hes parents split as well. Kelly: An extremely athletic, over-competitive girl from Nashville, Tennessee. She is seen to have special talents in swimming, but her overly competitive nature makes her out to be a bit anti-social and a bit antagonistic of not only the other team but her own team. Later she is shown to be a nice a person she apoliges to Shane and Lizzie. Anthony: An Italian-American boy who plans to use his winnings to go to culinary school. His goal is to be like Emeril, and he is very fond of eating as well as cooking. He may be second-generation Italian immigrant, as during one scene, he thinks he sees his mother, who has a heavy Italian accent. He seems to have a crush on Lizzie but its only seen a few times in the whole movie. He becomes best friends with Justin. Justin: A typical \'surfer dude.\' Though he seems to be nothing but a fun-loving skater-boy from the start, he is shown to have a very high IQ, as he plans to study astrophysics and can easily answer questions during one task pertaining pharmaceutical chemistry. He and Anthony become best friends, he seems to have a crush on Shane while Anthony seems to have a crush on Lizzie. he becomes best friends with Anthony. JJ: A self-proclaimed "triple-threat", is the contestant with dreams of stardom. It\'s hinted she may not be very intelligent, as she initially thought she was auditioning for American Idol. In the end, she receives an invitation to be on a same show. She was on Kelly\'s team along with Adam and Charles like the others she couldn\'t stand Kelly. Charles: A very calm, intuitive boy who plans to study psychotherapy. He is the one who tries to keep his team together mentally. He also is the one who tries several times to bring Kelly back down to Earth when she lets her competitiveness get the best of her. He may have a crush on her, but this is only hinted once. The Crew: Max: He\'s the host of the show and will do anything to get ratings for the show he is obsessed with ratings as proven when he chases Shane, Adam, Lizzie, and Marcus in a bike chase. In the end Shane and Lizzie with the help of Adam and Marcus get revenge by dumping beans on him. Sash: She seems to Max\'s assistant. Not much is known but she seems very naive to relationships. Big Joe: the camera man or main one. He helps Max chase Shane, Lizzie, Marcus and Adam twice. He ended up with sand in his hair from a dirt bike chase. Marcus: the head and only intern. He\'s from L.A. he wants to direct films. He likes Lizzie throughout the whole movie and was the one who came up the idea to have Lizzie and Shane on the show. He tells her the truth which Lizzie is deeply hurt by this. When she says she doesn\'t know how she feels about Marcus he seems very hurt by this. He becomes Lizzie\'s boyfriend and good friends with Lizzie\'s twin Shane and Shane\'s boyfriend Adam.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens in the summer of 1967 with Marshall Stouffer  being chased by his two older brothers, Mark  and Marty . The two oldest brothers love using Marshall to film him in stunts, which he dislikes. Occasionally Marty and Mark will show footage of their antics in their garage to all their friends. Mark and Marty have a dream of filming dangerous animals around the country, and the dream starts when they find a rare, special camera in a shop. Agnes  loans them the money she was saving up and they begin planning their trip. Their father is against this idea. The brothers then want to take the next step by traveling across the country, but again, the father says no. Mark and Marty finally convince their father to let them go. All set, Marty and Mark begin their trip using the family\'s beat up 1956 Chevrolet Suburban and are surprised to find out Marshall couldn\'t leave them and comes along. The mother is worried, but lets him go. The overall goal of the trip in Marty\'s mind is to find a legendary cave located somewhere in the western states said to be filled with hundreds of bears. Marty learns of it when reading an article in a wildlife magazine, which took it from a trapper\'s journal from the 19th century. The three brothers start camping. First, they miss a shot at catching an eagle, then go to film some alligators, and start by seeing a man who was attacked by an alligator. As they go in a swamp on a boat, Mark throws some bait but it lands in the trees, trying to retrieve it, his clothing gets stuck in a branch underwater and he starts to drown, Marshall and Marty drive the boat, but it crashes into another branch, which sends Marshall flying into the water. Marshall gets a knife from Marty and cuts Mark loose, but Marshall is now dealing with a bigger problem; he and the alligator are face to face. Marshall is able to get back on the boat in time. When they get back to the hut, the alligator man  tells them about how back when he served in the Korean War he befriended a fellow soldier named Phil. Strango and Phil would exchange stories about their wilderness adventures. Strango would talk about hunting alligators and Phil would tell tall tales about bears. This rouses Marty\'s attention and he asks about it. Strango states that Phil was talking about a cave full of hundreds of bears somewhere "out West." The brothers then stop at a beachside grill on the southern coast of Louisiana where they get a small dose of the Vietnam War fueled counter culture of the 1960\'s. Mark catches the eye of two British women who are hippies. They take the brothers to a nude beach. Marty and Mark and the two hippies go swimming while Marshall guards the truck and the camera. After the swim the brothers get back on the road much to Mark\'s reluctance. They drive northwest until they reach Devil\'s Playground in Colorado, "the last home of the wild American wolf." Devil\'s Playground is located on government protected land. They catch footage of a wolf creeping up on a doe. Then as the wolf is about to ambush the doe there is a series of explosions. The brothers look up and see two F-4 Phantoms flying overhead. The pilots see the brothers and turn around, firing missiles at them eventually hitting a giant boulder knocking the three down. As they get up a herd of wild horses comes thundering towards them. They get in the truck just in time to film it. When the horses pass Marshall sees an owl that looks a lot like his owl Leona. The three follow it and discover a cave. On the wall of the cave is an ancient Indian drawing of a cave filled with bear-shaped figures. Marty and Mark draw it on Marshall\'s chest and show it to an old Indian woman. The women tells them that it\'s located near Arapaho Peak in Montana. The brothers try to attract bears, but end up attracting a baby moose that Marshall thinks is a deer. As Marshall starts to pet it, its mother comes and starts chasing him. Marshall tries to escape it, but he gets on its head and antlers as the moose runs into a river. Marshall is about to drown until Bigfoot the Mountain Man saves him. That night around the campfire Marty and Bigfoot talk about bears and the cave. Bigfoot dismisses the cave as a myth but tells them to talk to Carrie Stokes whose husband was killed by a bear. The next day the brothers drive to Stokes\'s cabin in Willis Peak. Stokes tells the story of how she was mauled by a bear. Her fiance, Judd then went after the bears in their cave but was killed by them two days before the two were to be married . When they return to the truck the brothers discover they were robbed of their food, sleeping bags, and money. This leads to a fight between Mark and Marty, which ends up with Mark having a minor fracture in his leg. Dismayed by Mark\'s broken leg, the brothers begin to head home. As they drive Marshall sees a woman laying down flowers near a grave, and reminds the brothers what Carrie does on that day, and they go back and follow her to the cave. They get in and film the bears, but wake all of them up, making them angry. They get some good shots, and sing a song their dad would sing which puts the bears to sleep. Just as they are ready to leave, bats come and attack them. Marshall distracts one of the grizzlies, and tells the other two to leave, because he "has a way out". The two brothers get out safely, but Marshall has a problem trying to escape the bear as he crawls through a small tunnel in the cave. He gets out, and gets the camera back. The three brothers are home, but Marshall  is driving, and imagines himself flying a plane. He crashes into a few mailboxes, and their dad has to pick them up. They get back home, and their mom tells them she rented the school gym for them to show what they filmed. While driving, their father crashes his truck and ends up in the hospital. Marshall teaches himself how to fly a plane, and flies over the hospital so his dad can see. This doesn\'t please his mom, as he talks to his dad about how he should let his boys have freedom and let Mark and Marty do what they want to do. They display their film, and everyone claps, but when their enemy DC makes a rude comment, their dad begins to applaud, having the crowd cheer and clap. Marshall and his Dad smile at each other at the end.'] ["In 2000, a series of unknown attacks on Labors have made two police detectives, Shinichiro Hata and Takeshi Kusumi, investigate these string of events alongside members of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's SV2 unit in solving the case in which the labors that were attacked belong to Schaft Industries. As they begin to unravel the reason behind the attacks, the two detectives find out that the attacks may have something to do with the American military stationed in Japan, as well as elements of the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Forces, coupled with a female scientist involved in a biological weapons program known as Wasted XIII."] [' In the film\'s backstory, human civilizations built flying cities, later destroyed by an unspecified catastrophe, forcing the survivors to live on the ground while the sole exception Laputa remains in the sky, concealed by a thunderstorm. In the story\'s opening, an airship carrying a girl named Sheeta and her abductor Muska is attacked by the air-pirate Dola and her sons, in search of Sheeta\'s crystal amulet; and in the resulting struggle, Sheeta falls from the airship, only to be slowed by the amulet in mid-fall. On the ground, she is received by a youth named Pazu, whose father had earlier been in search of Laputa. In the next day they are pursued by Dola\'s pirates, and later by Muska\'s soldiers; eventually to fall into a nearly-exhausted mine. There, they encounter the local eccentric \'Uncle Pomme\', who informs them that Sheeta\'s amulet is one of the \'volucite\' crystals  formerly used to keep Laputa aloft. {{cite web}}  Upon leaving the mines, Sheeta says that her real name is Lusheeta Toel Ul Laputa; whereupon they are captured by Muska. Later, Muska shows Sheeta a dormant Laputan robot and reveals his knowledge of her secret name, which he interprets as that of a Laputan royal line, and threatens Pazu, whom she therefore orders home. Disappointed in her, Pazu returns to his own house, where he is seized by Dola\'s sons. Sheeta, retained by Muska, recites an apotropaic verse and unexpectedly activates the robot, who begins to destroy Muska\'s fortress to find her, while Pazu and Dola\'s pirates embark in winged \'flaptors\' to rescue her themselves. Meanwhile the robot seizes Sheeta; but when struck by Muska\'s artillery, retaliates against the fortress, until Sheeta orders it to desist, losing her amulet in the meantime. The robot is then overcome by the airship Goliath; and Pazu rescues Sheeta, while Muska retrieves the amulet. The pirates, accompanied by Pazu and Sheeta, return to their airship Tiger Moth, where Dola assigns Sheeta to the galley and Pazu to assist her engineer, and in which they pursue the direction identified by Sheeta\'s amulet as that of Laputa, while Muska follows the same in the Goliath. Both airships arrive at Laputa on the following day, where the two children, separated from Dola\'s pirates, discover a city devoid of human life, but possessed of a parklike woodland maintained by a robot resembling that of the fortress, while Muska\'s soldiers plunder the city\'s treasures, holding Dola\'s pirates captive. Upon gaining entrance to the city\'s central sphere, Muska captures Sheeta; whereupon Pazu frees Dola\'s pirates and pursues Muska. In the center of Laputa, containing the immense \'volucite\' crystal keeping the city aloft, Muska identifies himself as one of the "Romuska Palo Ul Laputa", another royal line, and uses Laputan technology to destroy the soldiers accompanying him; whereupon Sheeta seizes her crystal amulet and flees, prompting him to pursuit. Encountering Pazu through a gap in an internal wall, Sheeta gives him her amulet, and is herself later cornered by Muska in Laputa\'s abandoned throne room. There, Muska is defeated when the protagonists cite Sheeta\'s \'Spell of Destruction\', blinding Muska and shattering much of the city. Having escaped the collapse, Pazu and Sheeta re-unite with Dola\'s pirates, and later part from them, whereupon the ending credits show the remains of Laputa, maintained by the roots of an immense tree, in orbit above the earth.'] ['A battle with Ultron leaves The Avengers defeated, with the heroes killed during the fight, and the world at the mercy of Ultron\'s machine army. Iron Man/Tony Stark is told by Captain America to take the Avengers\' children to a fortified refuge hidden above the Arctic Circle. The children are James Rogers (son of [[Black Widow , Henry Pym Jr. (son of Giant-Man and [[Wasp , Azari T\'Challa (son of Black Panther and [[Storm , and Torunn (daughter of the absent Thor and [[Sif . Stark secretly raises and trains the children for 12 years. One day, The Vision arrives at the refuge after hiding for over a decade from Ultron. He has come to inform Stark that "The Boy" is alive. While the curious children are eavesdropping on Stark and The Vision, James accidentally activates a series of Iron Man-style robots, called the Iron Avengers, that mimic the looks and abilities of Captain America, Hawkeye, Black Panther, Thor, Black Widow and Giant Man. Because they are programmed to defeat Ultron upon activation, they take off to do so, whereupon they are detected by Ultron\'s worldwide sensors, revealing the location of the refuge. Easily defeated by him, Ultron then reprograms the Iron Avenger robots to follow his commands, proceeds to the refuge and invades it. Stark, now dressed as Iron Man, is able to stall Ultron long enough for the children to escape, but he is eventually subdued and captured. Sneaking into Ultra City to rescue Stark, the four young Avengers run into Francis Barton (son of Hawkeye and [[Mockingbird , the new Hawkeye. They decide to team up with him and his group of resistance fighters, called the Scavengers, to rescue their guardian. The five manage to escape with Stark from Ultron\'s trap in his citadel, and they head to the desert, along with an older Betty Ross, where Bruce Banner, in an effort to submerge The Hulk, has decided to hide out and keep away from other people for their own safety. After he refuses to help them, James comes up a plan to lure Ultron there so he can cause The Hulk to appear, destroying the robot. The young Avengers fight the mechanical doubles of their parents, and manage to awaken The Hulk, who defeats the Iron Avengers. However, Ultron attacks The Hulk and defeats him before attacking the young Avengers, nearly killing them. Pym revives The Hulk, who then ultimately destroys Ultron, ripping him in two. Then, in a fit of rage, The Hulk begins to turn on the young Avengers, but is subdued by Betty. Finally, to stop Ultron from rebuilding himself, Toruun takes the two halves into space and throws them away in opposite directions. She nearly suffocates and freezes in the process, resulting in her father, Thor, rescuing her and explaining why he left her on Earth. Thor invites Torunn to join him in Asgard, but Torunn chooses instead to return to her family on Earth. As a parting gift, Thor sends her back to Earth in full Asgardian armor. With Ultron finally defeated, the five young Avengers prepare to return to Ultra City, to deal with Ultron\'s remaining forces and rescue the populace.'] ['Eloise is a fun-loving six-year-old girl with a knack for finding adventure every place she looks. While under the care of her "rawther" wonderful nanny , Eloise tries to play matchmaker to a lonely prince and wrangle an invitation to the society event of the season.'] ['In 1488, seven years after the original film, Captain Phoebus is still serving as Paris\'s Captain of the Guard, despite the death of his previous superior  in the previous film. He and Esmeralda have married and have a son named Zephyr. Quasimodo is now an accepted part of Parisian society; he still lives in Notre Dame with his gargoyle friends Victor, Hugo, and Laverne, and serves as the cathedral\'s bell-ringer. He and Zephyr are extremely close friends. A circus troupe led by Sarousch enters town as part of "La Jour de Amour", a day dedicated to the celebration of romance. However, it is revealed that Sarousch is in reality a master criminal who plans to steal Notre Dame\'s most beloved bell, La Fidèle , the inside of which is decorated with enormous jewels of various colors. He sends Madellaine, his aspiring assistant, to discover the whereabouts of La Fidèle. She encounters Quasimodo without seeing his face, and the two of them are hitting it off amazingly well despite having just met, but she runs away after seeing his face, shocked at his grotesque physical appearance. The gargoyles convince Quasimodo to go to the circus to see her again. Sarousch captures the audience\'s attention when he makes an elephant disappear, while his associates steal from the audience. Sarousch forces Madellaine to follow Quasimodo and obtain the information he wants. At first she tries to persuade Sarousch not to do so, but he reminds her of her background: years ago, when Madellaine was only six, Sarousch caught her trying to steal coins from him, but instead of turning her over to Frollo, Sarousch took her under his wing out of sympathy. She follows Quasimodo and Zephyr, and sees them spend the afternoon playing together. Eventually, the exhausted youngster falls asleep in Quasi\'s arms. Realizing that Quasimodo possesses a kind and gentle nature, Madellaine ceases to be frightened by his physical appearance. Quasimodo takes her around Paris, and shows her numerous sights. Meanwhile, Phoebus receives reports of robberies and starts an investigation with the city\'s soldiers . As rain begins to fall, Quasimodo and Madellaine run into the cathedral. Madellaine dries off behind a curtain, and Quasimodo shows her La Fidèle. Quasimodo gives Madellaine a figurine he made of her, and he tells her that she can now see herself through his eyes. Tears well up in Madellaine\'s eyes, and after kissing Quasimodo on the forehead, she leaves. The next day, Quasimodo feels odd; one minute he feels sick, the next he feels energetic. After he seeks Esmeralda\'s help, she realizes he is in love with Madellaine and tells him he must tell Madellaine of his feelings. Phoebus enters and expresses his belief that the circus may be responsible for the string of thefts in which Madellaine might be implicated, which do not delight Quasi or his family . Sarousch convinces Madellaine to distract Quasimodo while he steals La Fidèle. Having herself developed feelings for the hunchback, Madellaine refuses at first, but Sarousch blackmails her into obeying by threatening to have Quasimodo killed, much to Madeleine\'s shock. While investigating, Phoebus decides to question Sarousch, who denies involvement, but Phoebus spots one of the stolen jewels underneath Sarousch\'s hat and prepares to arrest him. Out of desperation, Sarousch tells Phoebus that Madellaine is responsible. Later, while Quasimodo is out with Madellaine, Sarousch and two of his subordinates sneak into the cathedral. Zephyr and Djali the goat follow them and watch as Sarousch causes La Fidèle to vanish. The gargoyles, who had tried to drop a bell on the thieves, end up trapped under it; Laverne rams one of its sides, causing the bell to clang loudly. Hearing the sound, Quasimodo and Madellaine rush back. When it is discovered that La Fidèle has been stolen, Clopin claims that if they do not find the bell, the festival will be ruined. Phoebus suddenly realises that Sarousch was behind the whole thing and played him for a fool. He sends the soldiers all over Paris to find Sarousch. Quasimodo assumes that Madellaine has used him, and tells Phoebus that he was right and he runs back into the cathedral. Phoebus apologizes to Quasimodo and has Madellaine arrested, and after realizing that he lost his true love and can no longer trust her, Quasimodo is seen crying on the steps of Notre Dame feeling miserable, used, and betrayed. Quasimodo climbs to the bell tower, hears the gargoyles calling, and pulls the bell off them. After they tell him Zephyr left to pursue Sarousch, Quasimodo and Esmeralda rush to the Palace of Justice to tell Phoebus. Madellaine, who is locked in a cell, tells them Sarousch has taken the bell underground. Esmeralda convinces her husband to trust Madellaine\'s word, and he ultimately agrees, but takes the precaution of bringing her along as a prisoner. Quasimodo and the others venture into the dark catacombs. They encounter Djali, who takes them to Sarousch and Zephyr. Sarousch forces Phoebus and the guards into opening the gate to allow his raft through by using Zephyr as a hostage. Madellaine convinces Quasimodo to trust her, and the pair run up a stairwell. Quasimodo lassoes a rock to create a tightrope, and Madellaine walks across it. When the raft passes beneath her, Madellaine seizes Zephyr from Sarousch\'s grasp. With Sarousch robbed of his leverage, Phoebus\'s men quickly arrest Sarousch and recover the bell. At the festival, a number of couples proclaim their love for each other while Quasi rings the bell, but then the bell falls silent when Madellaine shows up in the bell tower. She and Quasimodo proclaim their deep romantic love for each other and share their first kiss while Zephyr rings La Fidèle.'] ['Cassie  is a thirteen-year-old goth girl who just moved to a new neighborhood and new school. She loves playing tricks on the popular kids at school and her younger brother Max . On the way to the library, Cassie finds a mysterious Halloween store down an alley and goes inside. The store owner  sells her a book called The Evil Thing, which contains a warning on the front page: "DO NOT READ ALOUD". That night, Cassie ignores the warning in the book and reads it to Max to get back at him for turning off her computer in the middle of her writing a report. Priscilla , who stole The Evil Thing from Cassie\'s bag in school, films her jumping in fear, after using a CD player to play monster sounds outside in order to make the monster appear to have come to life. Later that night, The Evil Thing is brought to life by Max\'s thoughts and captures him, Priscilla, and a Papa John\'s Pizza delivery man. It is up to Cassie and Sean  to save them. At first, they try to defeat The Evil Thing on their own, but fail. Cassie then asks the owner of the shop, where she bought the book, for help. Cassie discovers that the store owner travels around the world each Halloween, searching for the person who loves to scare people the most. He leaves them with only a riddle  for help before making his shop disappear. After he disappears, Sean makes remarks that solve the riddle. Together, they formulate that if they get blood from a roast that Cassie\'s mother made and throw it on The Evil Thing, it will be forced to suck up the blood. In doing so, it will devour itself. By using Sean\'s CD of monster sound effects, they are able to lure the monster to the CD player; however, when the monster nudges it, the music turns into hip hop, thus ruining their plan. While fumbling, Sean and Cassie accidentally drop the blood on Max, who must conquer his fears and save the day. When Cassie encourages him, Max tosses the blood onto The Evil Thing, causing its heads to begin attacking each other. The monster eats itself, eventually exploding in a shower of yellow blood, taking its offspring with it. With The Evil Thing destroyed, Max, Sean, and Cassie save Priscilla. She angrily accuses Cassie of being a witch and Sean rejects Priscilla in favor of Cassie. After Priscilla leaves, they save the pizza delivery guy, who offers them free pizza in return for his release. They burn the book and rid themselves of The Evil Thing, with Cassie replacing her blood-splattered clothes with a cute outfit her mother bought her; Sean is allowed to borrow their father\'s clothes. Sean leaves shortly after they burn the book. Cassie and Max\'s parents then come home and find the book in the fireplace. The father mockingly reads it out loud, reviving The Evil Thing. The movie ends with Cassie realizing that The Evil Thing has been brought back to life and that it is not over yet.'] ['The Huns, led by the ruthless Shan Yu, invade Han China, forcing the Chinese emperor to command a general mobilization. Each family is given a conscription notice, requiring one man from each family to join the Chinese army. When Fa Mulan hears that her elderly father Fa Zhou, the only man in their family, is forced to join the army, she decides to stand in his place, disguising herself as a young man named "Ping". Fa Zhou learns that Mulan has taken his place and prays to his family\'s ancestors, who order their "Great Stone Dragon" to protect her. The ancestors are unaware that the statue of Great Stone Dragon failed to come to life, and that Mushu, a small dragon is the one to go and protect Mulan. Mulan is initially misguided by Mushu in how to behave like a man, and starts a ruckus at the training camp. However, under command of Li Shang, she and her new friends at the camp, Yao, Ling and Chien-Po, become skilled warriors. Mushu, desiring to see Mulan succeed, creates a fake order from Li Shang\'s father, General Li, ordering Li Shang to follow them into the mountains. They arrive at a burnt-out encampment and discover that General Li and his troops have been wiped out by the Huns. As they solemnly leave the mountains, they are ambushed by the Huns, but the clever use of a rocket by Mulan creates an avalanche which buries most of the Huns. Mulan is slashed in the side by an enraged Shan Yu, and her deception is revealed when the wound is bandaged. Instead of executing Mulan as the law requires, Li Shang decides to spare her life, leaving her on the mountain as the rest of the army departs for the Imperial City to report the news of the Huns\' demise. However it is revealed that several Hun warriors including Shan Yu survive the avalanche, and Mulan catches sight of them as they make their way to the City, intent on capturing the Emperor. In the Imperial City, Mulan attempts to warn Li Shang about Shan Yu, but he refuses to listen. The Huns appear and capture the Emperor, locking themselves inside the palace. With Mulan\'s help, Yao, Ling, and Chien-Po pose as concubines and are able to enter the palace and, with the help of Li Shang, defeat Shan Yu\'s men. As Shang prevents Shan Yu from assassinating the Emperor, Mulan lures the Hun onto the roof where she engages him in single combat. Meanwhile, acting on Mulan\'s instructions, Mushu fires a bundle of fireworks rockets at Shan Yu on her signal and kills him. Mulan is praised by the Emperor and the people of China, who all bow to her as an unprecedented honor. While she accepts the Emperor\'s crest and Shan Yu\'s sword as gifts, she politely declines his offer to be his advisor and asks to return to her family. She returns home and presents these gifts to her father, but he is more overjoyed to have his daughter back safely. Li Shang, who has become enamored with Mulan, soon arrives under the guise of returning her helmet, but accepts the family\'s invitation for dinner. Earlier in the film, Mulan was declared unfit for marriage, but this is not the case with her budding romance with Li Shang. Mushu is granted a position as a Fa family guardian by the ancestors amid a returning celebration.'] ['After a period of harsh rain, the Great Valley is partially flooded and covered in debris. Littlefoot rushes to find his friends after the storm ends, but they are preoccupied: Cera and her father are removing a large log from their nesting area, Ducky and Spike are relocating their nest with their family, and Petrie has gotten a cold. Littlefoot is bored and wishes intently for a brother, but eventually explores on his own and discovers a large area flooded by the rains. The adults advise their children to stay away, fearing creatures from the outside may have been washed into the Valley. However, Littlefoot returns and meets Mo, a playful young "swimmer" <ref namehttp://www.webcitation.org/5xeRPSdRS|archivedatehttp://www.awn.com/news/internet-and-interactive/dinos-have-big-water-adventure-tdks-new-game|titleAnimation World Network|accessdate=April 2, 2011}} that had been caught in the floodwater. Littlefoot quickly strikes up a friendship with Mo, and describes him as his "mud brother" . His other friends are unsure of Mo initially, but also take to him. Mo explains that he is from the "Big Water" and had flown into the valley during the flooding. He confirms that he is alone, but soon after a "sharptooh swimmer" attacks the group. Littlefoot requests help from the adults to help Mo return home, but they refuse, not wanting to risk leaving the Great Valley to aid a strange outsider. A subsequent earthshake separates the children and Mo from the rest of the Great Valley, though also imprisons the sharptooth swimmer in an underwater cavern. Unable to return, they decide to deliver Mo home on their own. The children follow a river that they believe leads to the ocean. A Diplodocus mother, after a brief misunderstanding, allows them to take refuge at her nest for the night, and the friends are present to witness the hatching of her offspring. The next day, Littlefoot and the others realize that they are nearing the ocean, as they have begun to taste salt in the water. However, the sharptooth swimmer, having escaped from the cave, attacks them that night. The land surrounding the river is steep and slick with mud, and the children are unable to escape. Mo distracts the carnivore, farewells his friends, and lures the sharptooth down the river. Mo has seemingly been killed, but he reappears the next day, unharmed; the sharptooth swimmer had smelled the ocean in the distance and abandoned the chase, choosing to return to the sea. The children reach the ocean, but Mo is saddened that his friends\' must depart. He wishes to remain with them, but the others explain that he cannot, and Littlefoot reminds Mo that the two will always be brothers. Mo reunites with his family and asks them for directions to the "smoky mountains", as the children know how to find the Great Valley from that location. Before leaving, Mo offers to show Littlefoot his home. Littlefoot accepts the offer, and is amazed by the underwater world\'s beauty. Littlefoot and his friends exchange farewells with Mo and return home, where they are greeted warmly by the relieved adults.'] ["In Barbie: Fairytopia, the wingless flower fairy Elina defeated Laverna, the evil sister of the Enchantress, and the Enchantress gave Elina wings as a reward. This film's plot begins shortly afterward with Elina flying through the air, still having trouble believing that she has wings. Soon, Elina learns from a young sea-butterfly fairy that her friend Nalu, the merman prince, has been kidnapped by several of Laverna’s Fungi at the Crystal Cove. The banished Laverna is seeking out the Immunity Berry, a berry that causes whoever eats it to be immune to all magic. Since Nalu knows how to find the berry, Laverna had sent her Fungi to force Nalu to lead them to the Immunity Berry. Fungus Maximus, the leader of the Fungi, threatens to pour a bottle of magical poison into the ocean to destroy Mermaidia if Nalu does not lead them to the berry. Nalu reluctantly agrees, and the Fungi take him away with them underwater. Elina arrives at the Crystal Cove a short time after this, accompanied by her companion Bibble. She finds no trace of Nalu, but encounters a mermaid named Nori. Nori had planned to meet Nalu at the cove and is unaware of the reason for his absence. When Elina tells her of the kidnapping, Nori insists on going to rescue the prince herself. Elina uses magical seaweed to breathe underwater and follows. Meanwhile, Nalu has delayed the Fungi in their quest by leading them to a place in the ocean called the Carousel of Confusion, where people forget what they’re doing. This allows him to direct them in circles for a long time before Fungus Maximus finally catches on.  Elina soon reaches Mermaidia and finds Nori attempting to learn the location of the oracle Delphine so that she can ask her where to find Nalu. The only people who know Delphine's location are the merfairies, who are nearly impossible to speak with. After Elina helps Nori converse with the merfairies, they learn where Delphine is and both of them go to seek the oracle out. Delphine tells them that they will have to travel to the bottom of the Depths of Despair to find the Mirror of the Mist, which will lead them to Nalu. She also tells them that Elina will have to trade her wings for a tail to be able to swim strong enough to reach the mirror. Delphine gives Elina a magical pearl necklace that will allow her to make this trade. However, if Elina does not get out of the water in a certain amount of time, she will remain a mermaid forever. Elina and Nori head to the Depths of Despair together, where Nori is soon entrapped by one of the hostile sea plants growing on the shaft’s walls. Elina cannot swim fast enough to rescue Nori, so she is forced to use the necklace to become a mermaid. She then frees Nori and they reach the Mirror of the Mist at the cavern in the bottom of the Depths of Despair. The mirror shows them an image of Nalu, and creates a magical bubble beacon for them to follow. They also find, what is called the crest of courage, has appeared on their arm from enduring the Depths of Despair. The bubble takes them to the entrance of a cave filled with boiling hot thermal vents. Nori carefully leads them through, and they find that beyond the vents lies a cavern filled with magical fruits, including one that reveals the eater’s true self. When Nori and Elina reach the surface, they see Nalu being guarded by two Fungi. While Bibble distracts them, the two mermaids free the prince. Nalu is grateful to be rescued, but tells them that the Fungi leader has reached the cave where the Immunity Berry grows. The three battle with the Fungi to retrieve the berry that Fungus Maximus has picked. They succeed by secretly swapping the berry with a similar-looking substitute, but Elina does not make it out of the water in time, and is forever trapped in mermaid form. But upon Nori's suggestion, Elina then decides to risk eating one of the true-self berries herself in the hopes of restoring herself to fairy form. She succeeds, gaining wings even more spectacular than she'd had before. Nori and Nalu reveal their love for each other and Elina returns to Fairytopia. Meanwhile, Laverna takes a bite from what she believes to be the Immunity Berry but it turns out to be the true-self berry and she turns into a toad."] [' An enchantress disguised as an old beggar woman offers a young prince a rose in exchange for a night\'s shelter. When he turns her away, she punishes him by transforming him into an ugly Beast and turning his servants into furniture and other household items. She gives him a magic mirror that will enable him to view faraway events, and she gives him the rose, which will bloom until his twenty-first birthday. He must love and be loved in return before all the rose\'s petals have fallen off, or he will remain a Beast forever. Years later, a beautiful young woman named Belle comes along, living in a nearby French village with her father Maurice, an inventor. Belle loves reading and yearns for a life beyond the village . Her beauty attracts attention in the town and she is pursued by many men, but mostly the arrogant local hunter, Gaston. Belle is uninterested in Gaston, despite being sought after by all the single females and is considered godlike in perfection by the male population of the town. As Maurice travels to a fair, he gets lost on the way and is chased by wolves before stumbling upon the Beast\'s castle, where he meets the transformed servants Lumière , Cogsworth , Mrs. Potts , and her son Chip . The Beast imprisons Maurice, but Belle is led back to the castle by Maurice\'s horse and offers to take her father\'s place which the Beast agrees to. While Gaston is sulking over his humiliation in the tavern, Maurice tells him and the other villagers what happened but they think he has lost his mind . At the castle, the Beast orders Belle to dine with him, but she refuses, and Lumiere disobeys his order not to let her eat . After Cogsworth gives her a tour of the castle, she finds the rose in the forbidden West Wing and the Beast angrily chases her away. Frightened, she tries to escape, but she and her horse are attacked by wolves. After the Beast rescues her, she nurses his wounds, and he begins to develop feelings for her. The Beast grants Belle access to the castle library, which impresses Belle and they become friends, growing closer as they spend more time together . Meanwhile, the spurned Gaston pays the warden of the town\'s insane asylum to have Maurice committed unless Belle agrees to Gaston\'s marriage proposal. Back at the castle Belle and the Beast share a romantic evening together . Belle tells the Beast she misses her father, and he lets her use the magic mirror to see him. When Belle sees him dying in the woods in an attempt to rescue her, the Beast allows her to leave to rescue her father, giving her the mirror to remember him by. As he watches her leave, the Beast admits to Cogsworth that he loves Belle. Belle finds her father and takes him home. Gaston arrives to carry out his plan, but Belle proves Maurice sane by showing them the Beast with the magic mirror. Realizing Belle has feelings for the Beast, Gaston arouses the mob\'s anger against the Beast, telling them that the Beast is a man-eating monster that must be brought down immediately, and leads them to the castle . Gaston locks Belle and Maurice in the basement, though Chip, who had hidden himself in Belle\'s baggage, uses one of Maurice\'s inventions to free them. While the servants and Gaston\'s mob fight in the castle, Gaston hunts down the Beast. The Beast is initially too depressed to fight back, but he regains his will when he sees Belle returning to the castle with Maurice. A heated battle ensues, with the Beast winning, but spares Gaston\'s life, demanding that he leave the castle and never return. As the Beast is about to reunite with Belle, Gaston, refusing to admit defeat, stabs the Beast from behind, but loses his balance and falls off the balcony to his death. Just as the Beast succumbs to his wounds, Belle whispers that she loves him, breaking the spell just as the rose\'s last petal falls. The Beast comes back to life, his human form restored. As he and Belle kiss, the castle and its inhabitants return to their previous states as well. Belle and the prince dance in the ballroom with her father and the humanized servants happily watching ("Beauty and the Beast .'] ["The Bratz pack Cloe, Jade, Yasmin and Sasha think it's their lucky day as they meet and befriend Katia, a teenage genie. She has magical powers and can also grant wishes! But things get out of hand, as a secret is revealed about the genie girl that thrusts the Bratz into a world of intrigue and adventure!"] [' Although the 1934 film makes use of many of the characters in the original play, as well as several of the songs, the plot is almost completely unlike that of the original stage production. In contrast to the stage version, the film\'s story takes place entirely in Toyland, which is inhabited by Mother Goose  and other well known fairy tale characters. Stannie Dum  and Ollie Dee , live in a shoe , along with Mother Peep , Bo Peep , a mouse resembling Mickey Mouse , and many other children. The mortgage on the shoe is owned by the villainous Silas Barnaby ([[Henry Brandon , who is looking to marry Bo Peep. Stannie and Ollie set out to get the money for the mortgage from their boss, The Toymaker . But after the Toymaker finds that Stannie has mixed up an order from Santa Claus  and one of the soldiers wrecks the toy shop, Stannie and Ollie are fired without getting the money. The two then hatch a plan to sneak into Barnaby\'s house and steal the mortgage, but are again foiled by their incompetence. Barnaby has them arrested on a burglary charge, and the two are sentenced to be dunked in the ducking stool and then banished to Bogeyland. But Barnaby agrees to drop the charges if Bo Peep will marry him. She reluctantly agrees, but not before Ollie suffers the dunking. Stannie and Ollie come up with a new scheme. At the wedding, Ollie is present to give the bride away. After the nuptials, but before the ceremonial kiss, Ollie asks for the "wedding present"  from Barnaby. After inspecting it, Ollie tears it up, and then lifts the bride\'s veil — to reveal Stannie, who had worn Bo Peep\'s wedding dress to the ceremony. Bo Peep is still free, and the mortgage is gone. Ollie teases Stan about having to live with Barnaby as Stan cries saying "I don\'t LOVE him". Enraged, Barnaby plots his revenge, eventually hitting on the idea of framing Bo Peep\'s true love, Tom, Tom, the Piper\'s Son , on a trumped-up charge of "pignapping", and getting him banished to Bogeyland. Barnaby proceeds to abduct Little Elmer , one of the Three Little Pigs, and then has a henchman plant false evidence  in Tom-Tom\'s house. Tom-Tom is put on trial, convicted, and banished to Bogeyland, which he is taken to on a raft by two hooded executioners across an alligator infested river. A distraught Bo Peep follows him.  Meanwhile, Ollie and Stannie find evidence implicating Barnaby in the pignaping, including the fact that the alleged sausage links presented as evidence at Tom-Tom\'s trial are made of beef. They later find the kidnapped pig alive in Barnaby\'s cellar. A manhunt commences for Barnaby, who flees to Bogeyland through a secret passageway at the bottom of an empty well. Stannie and Ollie eventually follow Barnaby down the well. Meanwhile, Bo Peep crosses the river to Bogeyland, finds Tom-Tom and explains Barnaby\'s trickery to him. In a sequence cut from most of the television prints , Tom-Tom sings a lullaby  to Bo-Peep in an enormous cave set with giant spider webs. Barnaby catches up to Tom-Tom and Bo Peep, and attempts to abduct Bo Peep but gets into a fight with Tom-Tom, who gives Barnaby a well-deserved thrashing. Pursued by Barnaby, Bo Peep and Tom-Tom escape into the caverns of Bogeyland and run into Stannie and Ollie. The foursome escape back through the well and are welcomed by the town, who now realize Barnaby\'s treachery. An enraged Barnaby grabs a large stick and beats a stalactite to summon an army of Bogeymen. He leads an invasion of Toyland on a fleet of rafts in a scene reminiscent of the painting of Washington Crossing the Delaware. Ollie and Stan tell their story to Old King Cole   and the townspeople as two Bogeymen scale the wall and open the gate. The crowd flees in panic as the army of torch-wielding Bogeymen attacks Toyland. Ollie and Stannie run and hide in the toy shop. There they discover boxes of darts and use them to fight off the Bogeymen. Stan and Ollie then empty an entire box of darts into a cannon, but as the two search for the last remaining darts, they realize instead that they should activate the wooden soldiers. The "march" alluded to in the film\'s title begins as the soldiers march out of the toy shop . The scene changes to live action as the soldiers attack the Bogeymen with the bayonets of their rifles. Barnaby is defeated and trapped and covered by blocks that spelled "rat" and the Bogeymen are routed and driven back into Bogeyland, where alligators appear to feast on them, although this is never made clear. The kingdom of Toyland is saved. Stan and Ollie decide to give the Bogeymen a parting shot with the dart-filled cannon. As Stan aims the cannon and lights the fuse, and Ollie turns away to avoid the loud blast, the barrel of the cannon flips backwards and unleashes the barrage of darts on Ollie, covering his back with darts. The film ends with Stan pulling them out one by one as Ollie winces.'] ['The plot is about the dog from the first film who has been reclaimed by his real owners and is taken to Europe to play in the championship, which he eventually wins.'] ['{{Unreferenced section}} On the first day of high school, best friends Virgil Fox , Derek Beaugard  and Stephanie Jameson  decide to begin their paths by trying out for various activities. While Derek tries for the football team and Stephanie begins cheerleading, Virgil\'s high school career takes a bad turn. Charlie Tuttle , a genius who skipped many grades, rockets onto the field on a rocket-propelled car, losing control until Derek throws a football at him and knocks him off. Virgil defends Charlie while Derek just sits by. Virgil and Charlie are forced to dress as cheerleaders and are hung on the school mascot\'s, a bighorn sheep, horns. Three years later, senior year, Virgil and Charlie are still outcasts. Charlie informs Virgil that he has brilliantly invented a time machine. Unaware of how to build the time machine, the duo recruits Zeke . When the time machine is built, Virgil, still regretting the first day of high school, decides that he would like to use the machine to undo embarrassing mistakes made by their classmates. They test the time machine out by buying a winning lottery ticket. Jeanette  helps the trio save outcasts from social embarrassment by providing them with white snowsuits to wear and handles the machine while the boys are time-traveling. The school\'s vice-principal  attempts to stop the "Snowsuit Guys", the name everybody knows them by. After the "Snowsuit Guys" are named local heroes, they save Stephanie from falling off her cheerleader\'s pyramid. Realizing that the hero was Virgil, Stephanie confronts Virgil and he is finally allowed to hang out with the popular kids. The time machine eventually begins to cause terrible consequences, however. The outcasts have become popular and have let it go to their heads. Virgil abandons Charlie and Zeke. Meanwhile, Stephanie learns that Derek is cheating on her and Derek falsely befriends Virgil to get him to change everything with the time machine. The FBI arrives in the town after monitoring suspicious activity. Virgil and Zeke learn that Charlie had stolen the time machine blueprints from the NASA mainframe. After consulting with the government\'s top scientists, Charlie learns that the time machine has created a black hole. With only hours to live, the trio decide to go into the hole and close it. Once they have entered the black hole, they are transported back to their first day of high school. Virgil realizes that he can undo the events that caused him to lose his popularity. When he arrives at the field he sees that Derek didn\'t try to stop the bullies but actually suggested dressing Virgil and Charlie up as cheerleaders. Charlie informs Virgil that the incident gave him a best friend, and without it they Virgil, Zeke and Charlie wouldn\'t have become friends. They manage to close the black hole and return to the day when they first tried time-traveling. Everything goes back to normal and Virgil confesses his feelings towards Stephanie . Virgil confronts Derek and realizes that Derek will always be a jerk. As Virgil and Stephanie embrace, Charlie walks up to them and eagerly suggests a new idea: Teleportation, but Virgil and Zeke drag him off, and the credits roll.'] ['The film opens with adventurous and creative third grader Ramona Quimby  playing on the monkey bars during recess with her best friend, Howie Kemp . Although Ramona has fun with Howie, her mood changes when she goes home and finds out disturbing news. Mr. Quimby loses his job and the family is in severe debt. Ramona overhears her parents\' conversation and decides that she is going to sell lemonade in order to make money. Beatrice , Ramona\'s sister, sees Henry Huggins , the paper boy. She accidentally spits lemonade in his face because a fly lands in her glass. She then becomes angry at Ramona, saying that Ramona embarrassed her sister in front of Henry by spitting lemonade in his face and nicknaming her "Beezus," instead of Beatrice . After that mistake, she decides to sell "delishus car wash $20," but that backfires also. After accidentally painting Hobart\'s 1996 Range Rover multiple colors, she retires. The next day, Mr. Quimby accidentally gives her a raw egg in her lunch, and after cracking the egg on her head, gets it in her hair. Mrs. Meacham tries to take the raw egg out of her hair, but most of it remains stuck in her hair. Instead of the photographer saying "Cheese," he says "Peas," causing Ramona to interrupt with a great big "Eww!," ruining her portrait. The next day in music class, Ramona throws up on the drums, causing her to be picked up by Robert. She then stays at home with Beezus. After trying to make dinner for her parents, the pan catches fire. Ramona interrupts Beezus on the phone with Henry, so Beezus yells at Ramona for always being a little pest and ruining her love life. Shocked, Ramona questions Beezus that she has a love life, but neither of them realize that Henry is still on the phone and has overheard their whole conversation. When Ramona goes to feed her cat, Picky-Picky, in the basement later that night, she sees him lying in his basket, dead. Ramona runs upstairs to tell Beezus to come to the basement. They then hold a private funeral in their backyard. In their prayers, they say that Picky-Picky will always be with them. The girls become closer and nicer to each other. While touching up the garden, Ramona reluctantly helps and grabs the water hose. While doing this, she accidentally squirts Hobart, who is next door with his family in their backyard. Hobart, believing  Bea had purposely shot him with the water hose, retaliates by tossing a bucket of water on Bea, and a water fight ensues between both neighbors. During the water wars, Ramona whispers to Bea and the family retreats, only to sneak into their neighbor\'s backyard to set off the sprinklers. After their neighbors admit defeat, Robert tries to turn off the sprinklers, but breaks the shut off valve and the pipes of the sprinklers begin to burst, flooding the backyard. As the backyard fills with water, a shoebox in a ziploc bag pops up from underground. Immediately knowing the contents of the box, Hobart rushes to retrieve it. He calls out to Bea and shows her the keepsakes from the relationship they had as teenagers that he had stored inside the shoebox. Hobart pulls out a ring with a large, purple gem and gets down on one knee and proposes to Bea. She hesitantly accepts and they kiss passionately under the water still spewing from the sprinklers. Both families head into the neighbor\'s home to dry off, as the open house is occurring at Ramona\'s house. Furious that her aunt broke her promise not to get "reeled in," Ramona rushes to her house and seeks solace in the attic. The beams are unable to support her weight and break, leaving Ramona\'s legs dangling from the roof during the open house. After the open house clears out, Dorothy tends to her scratched up knees and legs in the bathroom. Robert, tired of Ramona\'s antics, walks in and scolds her for not being mature enough. Feeling she\'s not wanted, Ramona goes to her room and begins packing to run away, declaring she\'s going to be gone "Forever." Dorothy tries to talk her out of it, but then devises a plan and helps her pack up a suitcase. Ramona, with her heavy suitcase in hand, heads out of the house with no one to stop her. As she is walking, she imagines traveling to far places, such as New York City, Paris, and Egypt. She finally comes to a bus stop and sits atop her suitcase. It shifts under her weight, so she opens it discovering a bowling ball and a book Robert would draw doodles of Ramona and her mischievous ways. As the bus pulls up, she hears Dorothy over a baby monitor inside the suitcase. The bus takes off without Ramona, revealing her family in their car searching for her. As the family is reunited, Dorothy tells her she purposely packed the bowling ball to make her suitcase heavy, so she could not have gone far. As Aunt Bea and Hobart\'s wedding begins, Ramona and Beezus clasp hands as they head down the aisle as bridesmaids. During the ceremony, Howie fumbles his role as ringbearer by dropping the rings. Ramona quickly finds the rings so the ceremony can continue. Afterwards, during the reception, Beezus and Henry share a kiss and then dance. Robert comes across a better job as an art teacher at the elementary school. Ramona excitedly thanks Mrs. Meacham, telling her the family won\'t have to move after all, to which Mrs. Meacham sarcastically replies that she\'s looking forward to having Ramona for the rest of the year. Before Hobart and Aunt Bea leave for their honeymoon in Alaska, Ramona runs outside to Hobart\'s painted Range Rover to give a gift to her Aunt Beatrice: a locket with her school picture.'] ['A young boy named Tadashi Ino moves to a small town after the divorce of his parents. At a local festival, he is picked to be that year\'s "Kirin Rider," a protector of all things good. He soon discovers that his new title is quite literal, as a nefarious spirit named Yasunori Kato appears. Originally a human who became a demon from the strength of his hatred for humans, Kato desires vengeance against their actions on the Youkai. To carry out his revenge, Kato allies himself with a Yokai named Agi while he summons a fiery spirit called Yomotsumono, composed of the resentment of the many things which mankind has discarded. With Yomotsumono\'s flames, Kato feeds it Youkai which are used as ingredients in creating violent junkyard Tsukumogami under his control that capture other Youkai to build their numbers while killing humans. One of such Youkai, Sunekosuri, escaped and befriended Tadashi who attempts to obtain the Daitenguken from the mountain as part of being the Kirin Rider. However, he wimped out at the last second and with trickery by Shōjō, who picked Tadashi out, the boy overcame the test. Accompanied by Shōjō, Kawahime, and Kawataro, Tadashi makes his way to the DaiTengu who gives him the sword before being taken away by the Tsukumogami. In spite of Tadashi\'s attempts, the sword is broken as Agi takes Sunekosuri as her captive before the boy is knocked unconscious. When the boy comes to, he finds himself among Youkai as they discuss how to fix the Daitenguken, deciding to get the aid of the blacksmith Ippon-datara. But learning he was also captured, General Nurarihyon and his group leave with Kawataro restraining an Ittan-momen while praising Azukiarai, unaware that he only remained behind due to his foot getting numb. When Kato\'s industrial fortress takes flight towards Tokyo, Tadashi and company pursue and arrive after the fortress ingested Tokyo\'s Shinjuku Capital Building, finding Ippon-datara who reforges the sword while avoiding how he escaped thanks to Sunekosuri who took his place in becoming a Tsukumogami. Donning new attire, Tadashi and company are outnumbered until they receive unlikely aid from thousands of Yokai who believe it\'s a party as their festival brawl with the Tsukumogami allows Tadashi and Kawahime to enter the fortress safely, followed by a Youkai-obsessed reporter named Sata whom Kawahime saved in the past. Forced to slay the Tsukumogami that Sunekosuri became, restored to normal yet hanging on for dear life, Tadashi battles Agi in rage before she is called back by Kato to begin the final phase by joining with Yomotsumono. Despite Tadashi\'s attempts, Kato proves to be superior as Kawahime attempts to protect the boy, admitting to her hatred for humans for being abandoned when she first came into being, but will never resort to a human emotion like revenge. Unfazed, Kato takes the two out as Azukiarai awkwardly arrives and the villain calls Agi to join him. However, because she loved him and thus a hindrance, Kato kills her instead before entering the oven to become one with Yomotsumono. However, due to Sata\'s actions, one of Azukiarai\'s Azuki beans ends up in the mix with Kato, causing a chain reaction of positive emotion that destroys Yomotsumono. After the Youkai take their leave, Tadashi and Sata find themselves on the street as the boy tells his first white lie to the reporter about Kawahime\'s feelings towards him. Years later, Tadashi is a grown man who lost his ability to see the Youkai, even Sunekosuri who is confronted by an Azuki-pupiled Kato.'] ['After imprisoning the Titans beneath the ocean, the Greek gods Zeus and his wife Hera have a son named Hercules. While the other gods are joyful, Zeus\' jealous brother Hades plots to overthrow Zeus and rule Mount Olympus. Turning to the Fates for help, Hades learns that in eighteen years, a planetary alignment will allow Hades to locate and free the Titans to conquer Olympus, but only if Hercules does not interfere. Hades sends his minions Pain and Panic to dispose of Hercules. The two succeed at kidnapping and feeding him a formula that turns him mortal, but fail to remove his superhuman strength before Hercules is found and adopted by the farmers Amphitryon and Alcmene. Years later, the teenaged Hercules becomes an outcast due to his strength, and wonders where he came from. After his foster parents reveal the necklace they found him with, Hercules decides to visit the temple of Zeus for answers. The temple\'s statue of Zeus comes to life and reveals all to Hercules, telling him that he can regain his godhood by becoming a "true hero". Zeus sends Hercules and his forgotten infant-hood friend Pegasus to find the satyr Philoctetes—"Phil" for short—who is known for training heroes. The two meet Phil, who has retired from training heroes due to numerous disappointments, but Hercules inspires him to follow his dream to train a true hero who will be recognized by the gods. Phil trains Hercules into a potential hero, and when he is older, they fly for Thebes. On the way, they meet Megara—"Meg" for short—a sarcastic damsel who Hercules saves from the centaur Nessus. However, after Hercules, Phil, and Pegasus leave, Meg is revealed to be Hades\' minion, having sold her soul to him to save an unfaithful lover. Arriving in Thebes, Hercules finds himself unwanted by the downtrodden citizens until Meg appears, claiming two boys are trapped in a gorge. Hercules saves them, unaware that they are Pain and Panic in disguise, allowing Hades to summon the Hydra to fight Hercules. Hercules continually cuts off its heads, but more heads replace them until Hercules kills the monster by causing a landslide. Hercules is seen as a hero and a celebrity, but Zeus tells Hercules he is not yet a true hero. Driven to depression, Hercules turns to Meg, who is falling in love with him. Hades learns of this and makes a deal with Hercules, to give up his powers for twenty-four hours and Meg will be unharmed. Hercules agrees, losing his strength, and is shocked when Hades reveals that Meg is working for him. Hades unleashes the Titans who climb Olympus and capture the gods, whilst a Cyclops goes to Thebes to kill Hercules. Phil inspires Hercules to fight and kill the cyclops, but Meg is crushed by a falling pillar saving Hercules from it, allowing him to regain his strength. Hercules and Pegasus fly to Olympus where they free the gods and launch the Titans into space where they explode, though Meg dies before he returns to her. With Meg\'s soul now Hades\' property, Hercules breaks into the Underworld where he negotiates with Hades to free Meg from the Styx in exchange for his own life. His willingness to sacrifice his life restores his godhood and immortality before the life-draining river can kill him, and he rescues Meg and punches Hades into the Styx. After reviving Meg, Hercules and his friends are summoned to Olympus where Zeus and Hera welcome their son home. However, Hercules decides to remain on Earth with Meg with his parents\' blessing. Hercules returns to Thebes where he is hailed as a true hero as Zeus creates a picture of Hercules in the stars commemorating his heroism.'] ['This film is about the daily lives of the Yamada family: Takashi and Matsuko , Shige , Noboru , Nonoko , and Pochi . It has a significantly different "feel" to it than the other Studio Ghibli films, not only because of its different style of animation, but also because it is not a contiguous plot, but rather a series of vignettes, each preceded by a title such as "Father as Role Model", "A Family Torn Apart" or "Patriarchal Supremacy Restored". These vignettes cover such issues as losing a child in a department store, the relationships between father and son, or husband and wife, the wisdom of age, getting one\'s first girlfriend and many more. Each is presented with humour, presenting a very believable picture of family life which crosses cultural boundaries. The relationships between Matsuko, Takashi and Shige are particularly well observed, with Shige giving advice and proverbs to all the family members, and having a great strength of character which far outweighs Matsuko\'s. Takashi and Matsuko\'s relationship is often the focus of the episodes, their rivalries, such as arguing about who has control of the television, their frustrations and their difficulties, but the overriding theme is their love for one another despite their flaws, and their desire to be the best parents possible for their children. For a much more detailed plot synopsis, covering every episode in detail see: plot synopsis.'] ['Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips  is a 12-year old girl who loves to climb. Her father Tom  has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family. Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly  are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb. Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he didn\'t know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down. There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him. Insurance won\'t pay for the operation and the family doesn\'t have the money. Harderbach Financial\'s president Brisbane  refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed . When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldy responds, "This is not an emotional issue, Mrs. Phillips. A bank has no heart. Only paper in a vault". That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank. Maddy steals three go-carts from her father and convinces her two friends Gus  and Austin  to help her. They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and doesn\'t care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek. They break into Harderbach Financial . They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max . She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them. Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds. She cracks the code  and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they didn\'t type the exit code. While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus\' brother who tasers his partner  after understanding the situation. However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each others\' necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her. The three hop into their go carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, running out of gas. He then leaps into Gus\' cart, and they escape to the hospital. They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks. When Mrs. Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her. But ultimately, he is rejected by a French man named Francois who says Brisbane\'s irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is a knucklehead move. Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital. However, they are caught up to by Maddy\'s mother, the bank security, the police, and the press. Maddy\'s mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank\'s security. The following morning, Mrs. Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place. The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy\'s father\'s surgery. Even a friend named Mr. Hartmann  gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000 . At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves. She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them. While they do so, she backs away and they run after her saying who\'s the better boyfriend and the movie ends.'] ['The story begins with Larry and Bob The Tomato up on the countertop. Larry mentions that he got an e-mail from a kid from New Jersey about a problem with lying and that he has a story that may help. The episode begins with Percy and his brother Lil Pea, walking away from a movie theater and seeing what appears to be a comet. Jimmy and Jerry Gourd despite at first complaining that they spent two years in their alien job just watching the screen for aliens but seeing nothing, then alert Larry-Boy with "The Larry-Signal" of an approaching alien and he begins to search for the fib but gives up after a night of searching despite his butler Alfred pleading him to continue searching; when seeing no evidence around the city of anything from space...however the alien lands in the neighborhood that Larry-Boy passes by in his car. The scene then shifts to Junior Asparagus and Laura Carrot having a tea party. Seeing they don\'t have enough plates for their toy teddy bear Mr. Snuggly, Junior decides to take his father\'s prized "Art Bigoti" bowling plate. After Junior ends up accidentally breaking it, Laura decides to flee to her home. The alien "Fibrillus Minimus"  emerges and convinces Junior to lie to his dad claiming "A little fib will not hurt anybody". Junior lies to his dad but however soon discovers that every time he lies to his friends about breaking the plate his "Little fib" grows larger. He and fib go downtown where the victims of his lies  confront him in an angry mob but when Junior tells a lie about alien cows coming to earth and breaking the plate, just before Percy can angrily finish telling Junior that his lie was the same plot-line of the movie he watched in the beginning, Fib grows into a 50 foot tall monster and captures Junior before destructing parts of Bumblyburg into shatters and forcing the citizens to jump or hide to avoid being killed by the fib\'s actions. Larry-Boy is summoned and pursues Fib and Junior in his Larrymobile as Fib tries to escape by climbing to the top of the watertower. Larry-Boy flies his car in the sky and jumps into Fib\'s hand but learns that the Fib cannot be stopped by him after he has been captured. Fib smugly tells Junior that he an alien form of the lie he told about the plate and that he grew because of the lying before he tries to eat Larry-Boy but Alfred the scientist gathering scientific research informs Larry that Junior can stop the Fib. Junior admits the truth to his parents watching the chaos and the Fib shrinks into nothing before spitting out Larry Boy. Junior apologizes to his father and his parents decide that they will skip the punishment just this once because of his day with the Fib and they reconcile...however as a pun joke in the ending Larry-Boy is summoned for another Fib landing in the city from space which is red instead of blue. Back on the countertop, Larry-Boy pairs with Bob in closing the show with the verse "And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free." . Finally, Larry announces the world premiere of his music video, the Larry-Boy theme song, which plays right before the credits.'] ['Dave Stewie  is a middle school PE teacher who sees a forthcoming award as a way to redeem himself of his greatest regret, a failure to make the 1988 US Olympic Team. Meanwhile, Roland Waffle  is a new transfer student who is completely non-athletic and wears a helmet at all times due to his mother worrying he will get hurt. Abby Hoffman  is the principal who carries "a Filipino fighting stick" to assault night prowlers lurking after school.'] ['The film starts with a parody of the 1981 Indiana Jones action film Raiders of the Lost Ark. Afterwards, the babies are chased out of the temple by a boulder, which is revealed to be Didi Pickles who is at the baby shower at the Pickles\' house, where Didi is pregnant with her and Stu\'s second child, which everyone believes will be a girl. Tommy is at first enthusiastic about having a younger sibling, although Angelica warns him that once the sibling is born, Stu and Didi will forget him. During a song that Susie is singing Didi goes into labor and her friends rush her to the hospital  when the baby is finally born, it turns out to be a boy, and they name him Dil, after Didi\'s cousin. Unfortunately, Angelica\'s words appear to be true when Dil quickly becomes a very selfish baby, crying non-stop for attention, keeping all of the babies\' toys for himself, and refusing to share with Tommy. He also takes the attention of Didi and Stu, leading Tommy to feel ignored. Later however, Stu has a conversation with Tommy about being a big brother and the responsibility he now has and assures him that one day he\'ll be happy to have Dil as his little brother. He also gives Tommy a musical locket with a picture of Tommy and Dil taped together and a watch inside which he calls his  "sponsitility" . When Dil pushes the other babies too far, they decide to take him back to the hopsical  despite Tommy\'s disapproval and end up driving recklessly through the streets in a Reptar Wagon  Stu had built until they crash in the woods. As Dil had secretly pinched Angelica\'s Cynthia doll, Angelica and Spike embark on a mission to find the babies—but Angelica only wants to get back her Cynthia doll. Around the same time, a circus train suffers an accident in the same woods and a group of wild monkeys escapes from the wreckage, while the monkeys\' owners, the Banana Brothers, attempt to search for them. The parents soon discover their children\'s absence, and call the police and rangers for help, and the news leaks out and reporters come to interview them. As the babies attempt to find their way back home with Tommy using his locket as a compass and trying to reach the woods ranger station which they believe is the home of a wizard that can grant their wish to get home, the Reptar Wagon goes into the river and enters its water mode, and for a time, Tommy and the babies pretend to be pirates sailing the open seas. After the boat goes over a waterfall, they are forced to trail back onto land. The babies are soon attacked by the circus monkeys lurking nearby. They steal the diaper bag with their supplies forcing Tommy to retrieve it and some monkeys try to steal Dil. Although Chuckie attempts to rescue him, Phil and Lil refuse to help since he is not very well liked and is stolen from the group as a result. Chuckie, Phil and Lil disguise a smaller monkey as Dil to fool Tommy, but when Tommy resolves to use the wizards wish to return "Dill" to human, they accidentally slip of what really happened, and Tommy gets angry at them leaving Dil to the monkeys. However, they still refuse to help Tommy to find Dil  and declare he no longer has friends and his brother is all he has now, prompting a depressed and disheartened Tommy to search for Dil on his own and leave the group. Eventually Tommy finds Dil and they find shelter underneath a tree. Tommy tries to look after Dil, but when Dil selfishly drinks all of their milk and refuses to share the big blanket with Tommy in the cold weather, Tommy finally reaches his breaking point, snaps at Dil, throws away the locket, and decides to abandon him for the monkeys to take him away, but a bad storm combined with Tommy\'s furious face finally frightens Dil, who then starts to cower. Feeling guilty, Tommy realizes his mistake and apologizes to his brother, taking him back under the tree and retrieving the locket. Dil, who finally shrugs off his selfishness, willingly shares the torn blanket with Tommy. After the thunderstorm is over, Phil, Lil and Chuckie catch up and reconcile with Tommy and Dil and save them from the monkeys, and are eventually reunited with Angelica  and Spike. As the babies make it to a bridge over by the ranger station followed by the monkeys, they are confronted by a lone wolf that has been stalking them all day. The babies start to panic while the monkeys run away screaming in fear of the wolf. Just as the wolf is about to attack them, Spike comes to their rescue and pounces on top of the wolf stopping it from harming the babies. The two animals fight as the babies cheer Spike on. However, the wolf almost knocks Spike over the bridge, but Angelica calls it to the wolf distracting it from finishing Spike off. The wolf tries to attack Angelica, but Spike bites its tail, dragging them both off the bridge to their apparent deaths. The babies weep over the apparent loss of their beloved pet. Luckily, Stu finally finds the babies and crash lands through the ranger station. Emerging from the wreckage stuck under his Dactar glide, the babies mistake him for the "Wizard" and wish for Spike\'s life instead of returning home. Stu falls through the bridge, finding Spike alive and unharmed. Simutaneously, the parents arrive and are reunited with the children. As for the monkeys, they are finally reunited with their arriving owners. In the final scene, the babies having the same imaginary adventure when the movie began with Dil and are successful this time with his help, finally accepting him as one of them. In a post-credits scene, Boris\' goat pushes the Reptar Wagon where Grandpa Lou is sleeping and the goat follows it into the horizon.'] ['{{Anchor}} Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels  is a star boxer and the son of a golden-glove champion. His eight year old sister, Karin, is crazy about Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends to a Double Dutch competition, where Mary and her team are entering. Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them, but during the competition he acts out of character, standing and cheering along with everyone else, but he doesn\'t after his mother\'s death. Izzy has a complicated relationship with his neighbor Mary . They always bother each other whenever they see each other. Mary is a member of the jump team The Joy Jumpers, who place fourth in the tournament. They make the city finals, but when Yolanda, the fourth member of the team, decides to quit and join their rival team, The Dutch Dragons, they face the prospect of forfeiting the tournament. Izzy, after learning of Yolanda\'s departure, quips "Why, did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame?" Mary then challenges Izzy to speed jump, and when he does it much better than they expect, they ask him to join the team, but he refuses because of what his friends might think. When the other members of the Joy Jumpers, Keisha and Shauna, ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement, he finally relents. His conditions are that they practice before school and in his dad\'s boxing gym, where no one\'s going to watch. Meanwhile, Izzy has a boxing match with Rodney Tyler, the bully, determining who will win the "Golden Gloves", which goes to the best boxer. Izzy beats him, but Rodney doesn\'t accept it. He claims he just got lucky and pushes Izzy for a rematch. Izzy says no, and walks out of the gym. Izzy improves tremendously at Double Dutch, and begins to love the sport. He tells the Joy Jumpers that he\'d like to be on their team permanently, and they happily agree. Izzy and Mary begin to get along better and eventually they fall in love. One night, Mary kisses Izzy, showing him her true feelings. The Next Day, when Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch before class, he snaps some photos, prints them and hangs them all over the school. He then tells Izzy, "So that\'s why you won\'t give me a rematch! \'Cuz you\'re too busy jumping Double Dutch!" Izzy becomes mad and says he\'ll do the rematch.Izzy gets mad and walks right past Mary. Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team but Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do with her and the team. Mary is disappointed in him and she leaves. The only girl boxer, Tammy, understands how Izzy feels. She gives him a pep talk on how she never quit boxing when the guys teased her, and that he shouldn\'t quit either, just because they made fun of him. In the middle of the rematch fight, he tells Rodney that he\'s sick of being mad and that he\'s not going to let his anger control him. He walks out of the match and Rodney runs after him, intent on beating him up. But he trips on the cords surrounding the ring, giving Izzy a chance to get even. Instead, he just walks out. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, but without Izzy, they feel like giving up. Izzy then walks in and asks, "What, were you really gonna start without me?" He apologizes and Mary Jokes around with him ,smiles and then hands him a uniform. They change their name to the Hot Chili Steppers and all is forgiven as the tournament begins. They get first in the compulsory, then second in speed. This ties them with the Dutch Dragons and the freestyle will determine it all. They blew the stage up .The Hot Chili Steppers get first, and go on to the State Championship. After their performance, Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd, and asks him for a truce, which he accepts. Izzy had finally won the respect of his dad Kenneth  and Mary\'s love. The narrator in the story was Rodney, who works as one of the gym teachers teaching boxing to young kids, and often tells them Izzy\'s story as inspiration. He also states to all of the kids that Izzy and Mary are now a couple. The film closes with Izzy teaching his dad to jump rope with the help of his little sister, Mary and the other girls during the end credits, after they celebrate while winning the tournament. The website can be viewed at {{URL}}'] ['Charlie Hinton is a hardworking father whose wife Kim has just gone back to work as a lawyer. They enroll their child, Ben, in Chapman Academy, a very academic pre-school headed by Miss Harridan. Soon after, Charlie is laid off. In need of money, he opens up a day care center, Daddy Day Care, with the help of his best friend Phil Ryerson. At first, the local moms are suspicious of men wanting to work with children . But as Daddy Day Care is cheaper and more child-centered than the academy, the latter begins to lose popularity. Miss Harridan attempts to shut down Daddy Day Care by notifying child services that Charlie and Phil are not following the regulations. Mr. Kubitz, a director of child services notifies them of the codes that need to be fixed, which Charlie and Phil quickly correct. Daddy Day Care grows in popularity and attracts more children. Mr. Kubitz informs Phil and Charlie that they need another employee to keep an appropriate ratio of children to caregivers. Luckily, Marvin, a former co-worker, had dropped by and after seeing how good he is at entertaining the children, Phil and Charlie ask him about joining. Marvin is unsure at first, but then finds himself falling for Kelli, the single mother of one of the children, and agrees. Later, Mr. Kubitz tells them they have too many kids to stay at Charlie\'s residence. They find an abandoned building with potential, but do not have the money to buy it. They hold a fund raising called "Rock for Daddy Day Care" which Miss Harridan finds out about. Miss Harridan and her assistant wreck the festival by unplugging a bouncy castle, filling the food with cockroaches, switching face paint with glue, releasing animals from the petting zoo, and turning on the sprinklers. Daddy Day Care does not raise enough money. Shortly after, Charlie and Phil are offered their old jobs back, accepting Miss Harridan\'s offer to take the kids back to the academy. Marvin, heartbroken by the closing of the day care, declines Charlie and Phil\'s offer to be on board their marketing panel. Charlie soon realizes that marketing is not what it is all cracked up to be, and successfully convinces the children and their parents to return to Daddy Day Care, making it a raging success, and causing Chapman Academy to shut down. Marvin is now in a relationship with Kelli. Miss Harridan now takes a job as a crossing guard, and her former assistant, Jenny, joins Daddy Day Care at the new facility.'] ['Devon Werkheiser plays Nolan Byrd, an 8th grader who, along with many other kids, is bullied by Bubba Bixby  When his teacher, Mr. Green  announces that he wants his class to do a multimedia project, Nolan decides to do his project on Bubba. Nolan goes undercover, spies on Bubba, films him bullying kids at his school, and airs it on his new website www.shreddermanrules.com. Nolan takes the name "Shredderman"  because he doesn\'t want anyone to know he was behind this. Bubba gets in trouble with the principal Dr. Voss  after she sees what Bubba has done. Nolan goes to Bubba\'s father. He tapes the evils that faculty do around the school, especially that of Dr. Voss, and they get busted. Nolan soon finds out that Bubba\'s dad,  who is the CEO of a waste management company, proposes an urban renewal project that would in reality allow sewage to be dumped into a local pond. Nolan tries to stop it by putting it on his web site, and word quickly spreads about this. Although some agree with the idea , Nolan and his friends get together and protest. Nolan does research on the construction and tries to see if he can stop it. Meanwhile, Nolan\'s dad , a writer for the newspaper, tries to be the first one to get the story on the construction. Bubba and his dad do bad things and blame Shredderman. Bubba steals Claudette, the guinea pig who belongs to Isabel , Nolan\'s crush. Max , who used to be Nolan\'s best friend, helps Nolan, even though he\'s on Bubba\'s side. They go to the pet shop and retrieve Claudette, who almost gets run over by a sewage truck. The day that the deed is expected to be signed for construction, kids protest. Nolan sneaks into a tree and controls two airplanes and a boat to ruin the signing. The treaty gets blown onto a nearby truss being used as part of the stage, and Bubba\'s dad Bob climbs the truss to retrieve it. Mr. Green and Nolan\'s Dad are there, and Nolan\'s dad is taking all the events down so he can publish this story. When the treaty is retrieved, a small model boat comes by the shore of the pond and Bob\'s voice is heard on it, saying he doesn\'t care about nature or the pond. Dr. Voss tries to stop Nolan, as she is romantically involved with Mr. Bixby, but she gets covered in blue slime. Bob and Bubba are exposed. Bob is arrested and forced to do community service at Nolan\'s school. The principal\'s face is blue because the slime dried and is given a vacation  by her bosses. Nolan\'s dad gets published and goes to Britain to write a bigger story and leaves the family for a small trip. Everyone knows about Shredderman, and everyone wants to meet him, but Nolan doesn\'t tell anyone that he and Shredderman are one and the same child. He goes on with his life like a normal kid. Nolan finally asks out Isabel  on a date, and she accepts. She then reveals her guinea pig, Claudette is pregnant, but still wonders how it had happened. Everything works out in the end. "Nolan" uses his planes to stop Bubba from destroying the Pond.'] ['The film opens with Piccolo being attacked and supposedly killed by a group of shadowed fighters. He couldn\'t have been killed, because Kami still was alive and fought Garlic. Chi-Chi along with her father, Ox King, and Gohan are attacked by an unknown group of warriors. Goku is out fishing during the attack and after sensing danger, he returns only to find his son has been kidnapped. The group responsible for the attack are Garlic Jr.\'s henchmen, and it is later revealed that they were not so much holding Gohan ransom for any reason, but because they were after the four-star Dragon Ball that was attached to his hat. After retrieving the remaining Dragon Balls, Garlic Jr. summons Shenron and he immediately wishes for immortality. Shenron, never having to grant this type of demand before, grants Garlic Jr. his wish. A furious Goku arrives to try to take back his son, but soon discovers Garlic Jr.\'s new power. Kami makes an appearance  and meets up with Goku, and describes a brief history of Garlic Jr. and his father Garlic. Goku then proceeds to try to find Gohan when he is attacked by the villain\'s gang, whilst Kami faces Garlic Jr. After brief fighting, Krillin and Piccolo arrive to help. Piccolo gets revenge for being attacked earlier by defeating Garlic Jr.\'s henchman Sansho, while Goku manages to defeat the other two henchmen Ginger and Nicky. Meanwhile, Kami is getting brutally outmatched by Garlic Jr., until Goku and Piccolo rescue him. And with Garlic Jr.\'s newly obtained immortality and a new muscular second form, it seems not even Earth\'s warriors can take him down. But when Goku & Piccolo work together, two-against-one prevails, and Garlic Jr. is outclassed. Angry at his defeat, Garlic Jr. unleashes his ultimate attack, and bursting with anger, he opens up a portal known as the "Dead Zone". Intending to suck his enemies into the void, Garlic Jr. becomes frustrated with Goku\'s ability to avoid the Dead Zone, and he decides to handle Goku himself, and later force him into the Dead Zone. Things looking extremely difficult for Earth\'s hero, Goku\'s son, Gohan, becomes enraged witnessing his father and friends in danger and releases his latent energy, blasting Garlic Jr. into his own vortex to be trapped for an eternity. Remarkably, in the end of it all, Gohan doesn\'t remember a thing of what happened, instead believing that his father defeated Garlic Jr., and with amazement, Goku figures his son is no ordinary boy, but one with a great hidden potential. At the end of the film, Piccolo is seen from above, looking down on Goku and his friends and vows that one day, he will defeat Goku.'] ["John and Alice Clayton  are marooned on the coast of Africa, where their son, John Clayton, Jr., is born. The baby is orphaned when both parents die of a mysterious disease, but is adopted by Kala and Kerchak, members of the tribe of Brown Apes. The baby, christened Tarzan  by Kala, grows to adulthood among the apes, and eventually discovers the cabin where his parents lived. He teaches himself to read and write using the books there. He also discovers a cache of gold coins secreted beneath a loose floorboard in the cabin. Jane Porter, her father, Professor Archimedes Porter, and Esmerelda, their cockney housekeeper, are shipwrecked at the same location, and soon Jane and Tarzan fall in love. The Porters and Esmerelda are rescued and sail to America, believing that Tarzan has been killed. Tarzan, with the help of Lieutenant Paul D'Arnot, sails to Baltimore, Maryland where he is reunited with Jane. Tarzan's identity as Lord Greystoke is discovered, and he and Jane are married and return to Africa."] ['In this story, Franklin the turtle and his little sister, Harriet  are planning to pay a visit to their grandparents at Faraway Farm. Franklin immediately becomes annoyed with Harriet when she throws a snowball, causing him to drop a large pile of presents. Bear and Beatrice come, and Franklin accidentally forgets his favourite stuffed toy, Sam, at home. Franklin thinks that Harriet dumped Sam in the snow on purpose, when it was really Beatrice who had Sam after they left, and Bear failed to give it back to Franklin and Franklin is still annoyed with Harriet when they get to Faraway Farm and it\'s revealed that he and Harriet will be sleeping in the same room. Later, his grandmother tells a strange story about a reindeer. She admits that she might have imagined it as the father takes a family portrait, in which Franklin gives a sad look. Grandma sends Franklin to bed, and shows him Sirius outside. The next day, as Franklin feeds the chickens, Grandma lets him in on a little surprise-she is fixing up an old sleigh for Grandpa. Franklin decides to help, and Grandma introduces him to the Collies, who collect the polish. That night there is a blackout, and while Franklin is checking the closet for candles, he comes across the bell from his grandmother\'s story, revealing that she was not imagining after all. Franklin shows the bell to Grandma the next morning , and suggests they use the bell for Grandpa\'s sleigh. Grandma has Harriet help with the sleigh, but spills the beans at lunch . Later, as Franklin and Harriet work on the sleigh, Harriet rings the bell, and, just like in Grandma\'s story, a reindeer appears. Franklin runs to the house to tell Grandma, distracting Grandpa, making him slip on a puddle of ice, giving him a broken leg. Franklin decides to use the sleigh to go and find Dr. Bear in Woodland, when he discovers that Harriet has come along, hidden in the back. The horse, Rosie, is just as surprised, and runs away. Franklin is furious, but then sees that Harriet brought the bell. They ring it, and this time two reindeer come, one with a bell exactly like the one Franklin has. Franklin realizes that the bell must belong to the other reindeer, which is why he comes when somebody rings it. With the bell back, the original reindeer creates a harness seemingly out of nowhere. As they soar above the clouds he sees Sirius, and he and Harriet sing this song, "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star". They soon arrive home with Dr. Bear, who gives Grandpa a cast for his leg. She also gives Franklin Sam, which Bear got from the very beginning. That night, Franklin and Harriet see Santa Claus out the window. The film ends with Franklin and Harriet saying "Merry Christmas" to each other.'] ['Three dogs and one cat are naturally suspicious of each other. At first the dogs and cat are playing various tricks with each other, and their thoughts are translated to the viewers by actor Lev Lemke. Eventually the four pets become good friends and have adventures together. They follow their owner, a forest ranger , on various trips. With the help of a girl  three dogs and cat also help other people and have lots of fun together.'] ['In present-day Scotland, an American tourist couple go into a bar where they meet an old man who tells them a story about the Loch Ness Monster. In 1942 Scotland a boy called Angus MacMorrow lives in a large manor house on the shores of Loch Ness with his mother Anne , his sister, a cook, a maid and an old game keeper. Later they are joined by Lewis Mowbray, who comes to work as a handyman in the manor. Angus\' father—a sailor in the Royal Navy—is missing since his ship has been sunk in the war. However, Angus is unable to accept that he may be dead. One day, while looking for seashells in the tidepools , he discovers what appears to be a large mysterious egg. He leaves it in his father\'s shed and returns later to check on it. An unknown creature hatches from it whom he calls \'Crusoe\' after Robinson Crusoe, that becomes the fabled Loch Ness Monster. Angus keeps the creature a secret, but eventually tells his sister and  Lewis about it. Lewis explains to Angus that it is a "Water Horse" and that it could be a boy or a girl, that it lays one egg, then dies before it can see it hatch. The next day troops of the 12th Medium Regiment Royal Artillery arrive at the house. They are commanded by Captain Thomas Hamilton a friend of Lord Killin, the owner of the house who is serving with the Royal Air Force. An artillery battery is set up near the lake as defence against possible attacking or hiding German U-boats and the troops set up camp on the grounds of the house. An anti-submarine net is also raised at the mouth of the lake to prevent the entrance of German U-boats into the lake. Meanwhile, Crusoe grows so fast that hiding him becomes impossible and eventually Angus has no other option but to allow Lewis to bring it to the lake. Captain Hamilton persuades Angus\' mother to allow him to teach Angus some discipline and make a soldier out of him. She agrees but after a few days Angus escapes and returns to the lake where he left his friend. Crusoe lets Angus ride on its back. After some time, it begins to dive underwater, coming to the surface from time to time for breathing. Angus, having aquaphobia, loudly protests that it should stop diving, but later enjoys himself, perhaps even overcoming his phobia for the sea. The peaceful setting doesn\'t last long; Crusoe suffers from shell shock after almost getting shot by "Victoria"  aimed at the lake during a firing demonstration. Angus interrupts the demonstration, blowing up the cannon with a bazooka just as it fires to save Crusoe from getting killed. This obviously upsets Hamilton and Angus\' mother, who sends him to his room for a month as punishment for causing destructon to their defenses. Two people who previously saw Crusoe while fishing on the lake attempt to take a photo of it in order to become rich. When they realize that they won\'t be able to photograph the real thing due to the bombardment test, they decide to create an imitation, which results in the real-life faked picture of The Loch Ness Monster, also known as "The Surgeon\'s Photo". The photo, however fake, piques the interest of a few soldiers who venture out on the lake at night to kill it. The surprise attack proves futile for the soldiers, as Crusoe easily capsizes their boat. Angus attempts to calm Crusoe down and wades into the lake where he loses his footing and sinks. Crusoe comes to Angus\' rescue and saves his life. After much coaxing from Angus, Crusoe decides to leave the loch for shelter and safety. However, guns from the nearby Artillery battery open fire upon Crusoe, mistaking it for a German U-Boat. Crusoe attempts to jump over the anti-submarine net but instead crushes it with its weight and escapes from the lake also causes all their guns to blow up again. It is implied that Angus finally accepts that his father may never return home while he sees Crusoe\'s departure from afar, along with Lewis and his family.  After the story was told , a mother calls out to her son, who is walking down the beach and spots a rock. The rock looks similar to the egg that the water horse, or \'Nessie\' as known in modern times, had hatched from. The last thing that is heard in the film is a crack from the egg, hinting to the viewers that Crusoe has died, but not before leaving a descendant behind to be the next Nessie.'] ['On the last day of 8th grade, Julie Corky  has a slumber party. One of the girls she has invited, Staci Blake , declines, saying she is going to the high school dance with her boyfriend Todd . Julie is worried about how she will fit in during high school. She is concerned she will not be popular enough to sit at The Fountain, the cool lunch spot. These worries are increased due to the fact that her best friend Hannah , is moving to Vancouver. At school, Julie, Hannah and their friend Farrah  witness Staci\'s friend Liz  bullying Yancy , a girl their age who is somewhat overweight. Julie feels sorry for Yancy, and as a result invites her to her sleepover. While leaving school Julie, Hannah, Farrah and Yancy are bombarded by Russell "SpongeBob" Yates  and his posse of skateboard pals Lance  and Miles . SpongeBob tries to show Julie a picture of him in a coma, but she shows no interest. That night, Todd tells Staci they are skipping the dance. Instead, Todd drives Staci to a deserted location and makes continuous passes at her which she refuses, ultimately getting her left by Todd who drives off without her. After being dumped by Todd, Staci goes to Julie\'s house and challenges the girls to a scavenger hunt. The winning team gets to sit at The Fountain and the losing team has to sit by the dumpsters. Julie is reluctant to accept, but Hannah does so despite Julie\'s unease. Liz e-mails the scavenger hunt list to Julie which includes dressing a window mannequin at Old Navy in your own clothes, have a guy from DatesSafe.com buy you a drink at the Cosmo Club, stealing a decal off of a PatrolTech Security car and, to Julie\'s horror, borrowing a pair of boxer shorts from her crush Steve Phillips . With her mom  out with a friend and her dad  occupied with fixing their house\'s water filter, Julie and the girls sneak out. Ren , Julie\'s older college-dropout brother agrees to cover for them. Immediately following the girls\' departure, SpongeBob, Lance and Miles skateboard to the house and climb up through an upstairs window that turns out to be Ren\'s "former" room. Declaring it to be the "wrong room", Ren points them to Julie\'s room. Aided by Ren, the boys manage to avoid detection from Mr. Corky. They then notice the scavenger hunt list on Julie\'s computer and print off their own sheet, deciding to join the hunt themselves. With the help of Nancy\'s dad\'s Nissan Hypermini, the girls make it to Old Navy. But Staci and Liz\'s team have already been there to dress their mannequins and lock the window display. The girls are forced to dress male mannequins and are caught in the act by Officer Sherman , but escape by locking him in the display with one of the mannequin arms. They arrive at the Cosmo Club but are not let in by the guard, no thanks to SpongeBob who suddenly shows up. Julie and Hannah sneak in by hiding in an empty drum case while Nancy and Farrah wait outside. A guy walks over and, seeing Yancy sitting alone, offers to sneak her in. She declines before asking why he is talking to her, because usually guys only ask her to hold the door. He introduces himself as Peter , and says he would never ask her to hold the door for him. With Julie disguised as "June", her profile from the dating website, she suddenly discovers that her blind date is actually her English teacher Mr. Corrado . He doesn\'t recognize her at first. But when he does he expresses understanding, admitting that he went to the same high school as Julie but never got to sit by The Fountain. Mr. Corrado buys Julie a ginger ale, Hannah takes a picture of it and they leave but not before Julie spots her mother dancing on one of the tables. She drops her scarf as they rush out, which Gabby picks up. Recognizing it as hers, Gabby phones her house wanting to talk to Julie. Miraculously, Julie skateboards home just in time to answer the phone. En route, Steve and his friend Gregg ([[Douglas Smith  spot her, which ignites curiosity as to who she is. At the house, Ren encourages Julie to "go be a teenager" because "it ends too soon". After arriving at Steve\'s house, the Hypermini needs charging. Hannah says they will find a plug while Julie goes and gets the boxers. Cautiously, Julie enters the house and is seen by Staci and Liz, who only broke into Steve\'s car to get his shorts from an overnight bag. Humorously, Liz calls PatrolTech Security claiming to see a "suspicious person". Inside, Steve is looking through old yearbooks trying to find pictures of Julie, but puts them down to get ready for the dance. Julie hides in the shower as Steve comes into the bathroom, turning the shower on and undressing in front of Julie. Outside, the Hypermini crashes into Officer Sherman\'s patrol car, causing Steve and Gregg to look out the window and giving Julie the opportunity to flee, grabbing the boxers as she goes. Julie is stopped by Officer Sherman, but SpongeBob comes to her rescue. Julie takes the decal off the PatrolTech cruiser and then everyone makes a dash for the high school parking lot. Having stopped for drinks, Staci and Liz barely make it to the parking lot in time. Staci suggests a tie breaker, which Julie and Hannah reluctantly accept. The first team to get the king or queen\'s crown at the dance will win. Inside the dance, SpongeBob asks Farrah if they won. She tells them they just have to get the crown first. SpongeBob pencils in "get crown" to his list. Right before the dancing contest, Todd is spotted kissing a girl. Staci confronts them, which turns into a cat fight that she loses. Belittled, SpongeBob sticks up for Staci. To everyone\'s surprise Staci enters the dance contest with SpongeBob, who is confident in his ability as a dancer. During the contest, Spongebob\'s list falls out of his pocket and is picked up by Steve who reads it. Gregg then points Julie out to him on the dance floor. Staci and SpongeBob win the dance and get their picture taken. SpongeBob exitedly shows Staci his coma picture, but states that the photo of them winning is way cooler. Farrah accidentally lets slip to Yancy that Staci was originally the third guest, not her. She is sad, but bounces back quickly after Peter turns up and dedicates a song to her. Steve is named King and chooses a shocked Julie as his dance partner. During the dance, Steve takes his crown off his head and places it on Julie\'s telling her "you win", gaining victory for Julie and her friends. Outside, Steve reveals how he knew about the scavenger hunt. They are about to kiss when Julie gets a call from Ren telling them to hurry home because their mom is coming back. Julie leaves a disappointed Steve in front of The Fountain. The girls make it home just in time to pretend being asleep as Mr. and Mrs. Corky check on them. But Julie loses her crown in the process. It is revealed that Mr. Corky knows about his wife\'s clubbing and doesn\'t mind it at all, knowing that everyone needs a night out now and then. The next morning at breakfast, Julie\'s mom confronts her asking "exactly" what they did last night. Julie admits they left the house, but for a very important adolescent cause. Surprisingly, Mrs. Corky is not mad but confesses it is difficult to believe how fast Julie is growing up. After her friends leave, Julie goes back to her room where she notices her dented crown outside her window. As she reaches for it, Steve comes into view and places the crown on her head again. They then kiss passionately. The film ends with a scene of Staci and Liz, now in high school, eating their lunch by the school dumpsters among the trash and the social rejects.'] ['The local church is having a new window unveiling service the next day on Easter. We find out that Ebenezer Nezzer used to come to church with his grandma when he was little, but no longer goes. Reverend Gilbert and his son Edmond agree to pay Ebenezer a visit and invite him to the Easter service. Next viewers see Ebenezer\'s factory which is full of mechanical chickens hatching plastic Easter eggs. Cavis Appythart and Millward Phelps are workers in the factory and the two are arguing over who should approach Ebenezer and ask for a day off for Easter. When they finally do ask, Ebenezer goes into a long history of how his grandmother started Easter by making Easter eggs. He recalled that before his grandma died, she told him to tell everyone "Easter means no death". Nezzer misunderstands this, thinking that as long as he makes Easter eggs he will keep his grandma alive forever. That\'s why he plans to tear down the local church and build Easterland in its place. Cavis and Millward are shocked at the idea while Rev. Gilbert, and Edmond have arrived. Mr. Nezzer offers Cavis, and Millward to help him in his deed, but when they attempt to persuade Mr. Nezzer not to tear down the church, Ebenezer gets angry, that they do not want to help him and fires both Cavis and Millward from the factory. Everyone is worried about the demolition of the church but since Nezzer owns the property they are unable to stop him. That night, Ebenezer falls asleep when he sees a vision of his grandma telling him he has missed the point, and at the stroke of midnight, he will receive a second visitor to help him understand. Meanwhile, Cavis and Millward are trying to break into the factory to steal the Easterland plans despite being on probation for stealing the Star of Christmas in the previous episode. Mr. Nezzer then wakes up from his vision and then intends to stay awake for the visitor. Ebenezer has fallen asleep waiting for the visitor when a clockwork egg suddenly opens and Hope emerges. She wakes Ebenezer and starts showing him Easter past - a church service. We see young Ebenezer and his grandma sitting in the church. Grandma is trying to get Ebenezer to understand the story of Easter but the youngester is mainly focused on selling his eggs and why the egg he received is empty. Next, Hope shows him Easter a year ago, when Ebenezer first started making plastic Easter eggs. He talks to an inventor and when he sings a rhythm song about how the inventor should make him plastic chickens that lay plastic eggs, he  agrees, is not paid, but Ebenezer does give him an early free pass to Easterland much to Hope\'s dismay. They return to Easter present and visit the Reverend\'s house they are discussing about the church it is then revealed that Grandma Nezzer paid for all those church windows herself, and that just before she died she commissioned the new window that they were going to reveal tomorrow. Ebenezer attempts to insult Easter once again by saying that the factory, his Easter eggs, and candies are what Easter is about. They next find out that little Edmond is very ill and will not survive for another year if nothing changes. Ebenezer is shocked on how Edmond\'s parents are so calm with such news. Hope then takes Mr. Nezzer back into the church and teaches him the story of Jesus dying on the cross to save the sinners. Then Hope welcomes Nezzer to \'Easter future\'. The church is being demolished, the orphanage is gone, Little Edmond has died, And without the Hope of Easter, the town\'s once-brave policeman has lost courage to stop criminals. Hope disappears back into the egg and Ebenezer pleads for her to come back because they need her. He rushes back to the church to try to stop the demolition, and wakes up. He finds out that it is still Easter Present and he still has another chance. Nezzer is able to stop the demolition crew just as they are about to start the church demolition. Millward suddenly rushes into and shouts that Cavis is trapped in the factory and the chickens are overheating. The entire place is about to explode. Nezzer rushes back into the factory to save Cavis and they escape by being catapulted out of one of the factory\'s windows by one of the machines just when the building explodes. It starts raining Easter eggs across the town from the explosion and Nezzer promises to help young Edmond get the medicine he needs with the money he has left after fixing the orphanage.'] [" During a benefit concert in Paris, France, David Seville ([[Jason Lee  is injured. Dave must recuperate and is forced to leave his aunt to look after the Chipmunks. Arrangements are also made for them to go to school. After another accident, the Chipmunks are left in the care of Toby , the grandson of Dave's aunt. Meanwhile, Ian Hawke  lives in the basement of JETT Records. Three singing female chipmunks, Brittany , Jeanette , and Eleanor , also known as the Chipettes, emerge and Ian hires them as plot to get back at the Chipmunks and revive his career. While at school, the Chipmunks are bullied by jocks and visit the principal's office. They discover that the principal is a huge fan and wants them to help raise money for the music program by participating in a contest. Meanwhile, Ian is shocked to find the Chipmunks on the front page of his newspaper. After he reads a story about him, he quickly sends the Chipettes to school. When the Chipmunks meet the Chipettes, they fall for their counterparts, but are soon forced to have a rivalry after discovering that they are with Ian. Meanwhile Dave finds out Toby is watching the boys, and he quickly leaves the hospital. At the concert, the Chipettes sing and Alvin fails to show for the Chipmunks - who then forfeit. When Alvin finally shows, he finds the auditorium empty and is ignored by his brothers at home. Soon, the Chipettes are hired. The concert is on the same night as the school contest, so Ian decides to blow off the battle and make the Chipettes perform at the new concert, opening for Britney Spears. Alvin finds out that Ian has locked the Chipettes in a cage, so Alvin races off to rescue them while Simon tells Jeanette how to open the cage over the phone. The Chipettes manage to escape with Alvin, and they arrive just in time to perform at the contest. The Chipmunks and the Chipettes perform together and they win. Dave returns during the contest. Meanwhile, Ian gets into more trouble at the concert he set up for the girls when he attempts to imitate them. After the contest, Dave allows the Chipettes to stay with them. In two post-credits scenes, the principal has the jocks scrape gum off from under the bleachers in the gymnasium, while Ian is thrown into a dumpster."] ['The movie begins with Goku fighting in another Other World Tournament against Pikkon. At the same time, a teenage "psyche ogre" that is attending the evil-purification machine in Other World is distracted with his heavy metal music. He doesn\'t pay attention and one of the tanks on the machine gets full and breaks, releasing all of the collected evil energy at once; he is covered by the evil and transformed. As a result, the barrier keeping the dead confined in Other World is destroyed, and many of the dead souls are now wreaking havoc on Earth. This includes previous villains from the Dragon Ball Z series and movies, and also some real life ones like Hitler , and Gohan and Videl are called on to help. Bulma and the others gather the Dragonballs, and summon Shenron. They wish for all the undead souls to be returned to the Other World, but Shenron informs them that while he can send them back, there is nothing stopping them from returning, and that something is wrong in the Other World and only King Yemma can resolve the problem. The Grand Kai sends Goku and Pikkon to see King Yemma. When they arrive, they find that the Other World has been changed, filled with colorful jelly bean-like objects which encase structures and people. King Yemma has been imprisoned within one of these objects. Goku and Pikkon attempt to break the barrier, but it absorbs any energy thrown at it. King Yemma informs them that a monster created by the evil spiritual energy is atop the check-in station. Goku begins fighting the monster while Pikkon attempts to destroy the barrier. The monster named Janemba has a childlike mentality and possesses strange powers that allow him to defy reality , and even as a Super Saiyan, Goku is losing. He then powers up to Super Saiyan 3 and swiftly dominates Janemba. Though seemingly defeated, Janemba reduces into a smaller, more powerful form. On Earth, Mr. Satan  is winning over the zombies. Frieza and his henchmen arrive shortly after Gohan and Videl get rid of a large group of zombies. Frieza begins to taunt Gohan. Gohan defeats him with one punch and all the other villains flee. Back in the Other World, Pikkon discovers that cursing at the jelly bean prison causes it to crack. Meanwhile, Janemba creates a sword from a spiked mallet, and easily gains the upper hand against Goku, eventually launching him into the Blood Pond and trapping him within. Janemba then slices the Pond down piece by piece until he traps Goku within a tiny portion. Just as Janemba is about to deal the final slash, Vegeta dashes in and helps Goku; due to the imbalances caused by Janemba, Vegeta has regained his physical form. He starts to fight Janemba in his Super Saiyan form, but is no match for him. Goku breaks out of Blood Pond in time to catch Vegeta from being flung into the Mountain of Spikes. Both Goku and Vegeta take cover in the cage of spikes. Goku knows they cannot win as separate entities, so he suggests using the fusion technique. Vegeta becomes skeptical, first off complaining that the pose for the Fusion Dance is embarrassing, and furthermore telling Goku he would rather die than to fuse with a low class Saiyan. Goku calmly reminds Vegeta he is already dead. Janemba launches a neeedle blast that destroys the Mountain of Spikes; Goku and Vegeta barely avoid the blast. Goku persuades Vegeta to try the Fusion Dance. Vegeta, however, fails to extend his forefinger at the last second, and Veku is created. This fat fighter is weak and can do little but fart . Just as Janemba attacks, the Fusion runs out and Goku and Vegeta escape. Vegeta curses Goku, saying Fusion is useless, but King Kai informs them that Vegeta did not extend his forefinger. Pikkon arrives after giving up on the ice-like shield, and begins to fight Janemba to give Goku and Vegeta time to perform the Fusion Dance. Pikkon figures out that Janemba is made of the same material as the shield, and curses at him. It works, and part of Janemba\'s body disintigrates. However, Janemba is able to incapacitate Pikkon, but those few moments allow Goku and Vegeta to successfully perform the Fusion Dance, forming Gogeta. Meanwhile at Earth, Goten and Trunks feel their father\'s fuse so they decide to fuse forming Gotenks. Gogeta is a formidable warrior; he quickly defeats Janemba with his ultimate attack, the Soul Punisher. The teenage demon returns. Scared by the appearance of Gogeta, he runs away. Other World is returned to normal and King Yemma is freed. All of the souls are returned to the Other World. Goku and Vegeta bid each other a good-natured farewell as Vegeta disappears again. On Earth, Gohan, Goten, Videl and Trunks are returning home. Goten and Trunks joke about Gohan and Videl kissing back in town, and are chased home by a cross Gohan in every version of the movie. Meanwhile, Shenron remains summoned, and asks if anyone still wants to use the wishes.'] ["Based on E. B. White's popular children's book of the same name, it tells the story of a young Trumpeter Swan who is born with muteness and is vying for the attention of a beautiful pen. He overcomes this by learning to play the trumpet."] ['In the first episode of VeggieTales, Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber are on the counter-top of a kitchen. Bob reads a letter from Lucy Anderson of Phoenix, AZ who is scared because she sometimes thinks there are monsters in her closet. Larry says he once thought the same thing, but later found out that they were actually his fluffy bunny slippers, which are only "squishy", as opposed to "scary". Bob then asks her to watch a story about when Junior Asparagus got scared. In the first segment, Tales from the Crisper, Junior Asparagus watches a late night "Frankencelery" movie before being told by his Mom Asparagus that he needs to go to bed. After being scared of the dark and imagining that there are monsters in his room, Bob The Tomato and Larry The Cucumber drop in to help him. After some discussion, the pair sing a song in an effort to comfort Junior about how Junior doesn\'t need to be afraid because God is watching out for him and He is bigger than anything. Junior is then confronted by Frankencelery who reveals that he is really an actor named Phil Winklestein from Toledo, OH. Junior is then convinced that he shouldn\'t be afraid and celebrates in song that "God is Bigger" than anything. After Bob and Larry leave, Junior\'s dad comes in to his room and they discuss how God takes care of them and how Junior needs to be more careful about what he watches in the future.http://christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg1.html Following this segment is the introduction to the first of the "Silly Songs with Larry," The Water Buffalo Song. Wearing an oversized cowboy hat, Larry comes out and sings a tune about a world where "everybody\'s got a water buffalo," but Archibald Asparagus the manager brings the song to an abrupt end over the obvious falseness of the statement. The segment ends when Larry starts singing that "everybody\'s got a baby kangaroo," much to Archibald\'s displeasure leaving him to scream and knock Larry down. The second segment is the story of Daniel and the Lion\'s Den. After the narrator introduces the story, we find King Darius  in his court with his wisemen  and he confides that he is confused by a dream and wants help with what it means. The Wisemen concede that they cannot help, but then Daniel  arrives, he correctly interpretes the dream, and is made the King\'s second-in-command. Afterwards, the Wisemen become envious and plot to trap Daniel into breaking a newly-penned law that stipulates that the kingdom may only pray to King Darius, due to the King\'s belief that only he is worthy of adulation. The Wisemen then catch Daniel praying to God and have him thrown into the lions\' den. Although Daniel is scared, an angel comforts him and calms the lions. While the Wisemen celebrate their  victory, the King has a sleepless night believing that Daniel has died. The next morning King Darius and his wisemen goes to the lions\' den and finds that not only is Daniel alive, but he spent the night eating pizza with his new lion friends. Realizing that their days are numbered, the Wisemen quit their jobs and flee to Egypt with Daniel and Darius on their heels. In the closing countertop sequence, Bob & Larry\'s computer, Qwerty, gives the audience a recipe for yummy meatloaf, followed by a Bible verse in which God says "So do not fear; for I am with you." {{Bibleref2c}}'] ["The film is derived from a classic folk tale, originally narrated by Vijaydan Detha, and interpreted as folk play by Habib Tanvir. The film charts the tumultuous life of a petty thief, Charandas . Curiously he is a man of principles – an honest thief with a strong sense of integrity and professional efficiency. He makes four vows to his Guru, that he would never eat in a gold plate, never lead a procession that is in his honour, never become a king and never marry a princess, thinking all of them are far out possibilities for him. Later, his guru adds a fifth one - never to tell a lie and sets him of on his life's journey which leads him to a kingdom, where the turn of events make him famous, and eventually he is offered the seat of political power which he has to refuse. Later, the local princess  gets enchanted by him, and proposes to marry him. This is when his refusal costs him his life. As he is put to death, he illustrates the inherent paradox in human existence, where truthful existence becomes an impossibility, for the truthful and the accidentally truthfuls, alike."] ['The opening countertop sequence finds Bob the Tomato alone with a cucumber sock puppet named Lutfi. Larry the Cucumber, we learn, is on his way to do charity work but is having trouble getting there. Bob and Lutfi need to convince him via telephone to persevere rather than giving up and coming home. The first segment, "Going Up!", is a silent film short based on Laurel and Hardy and The Three Stooges. Three Stooge-like veggies are assigned to deliver a piano to a mansion at the top of a hill. While his fellow workers give up on the seemingly impossible task, Larry perseveres and is rewarded for his eventual success. In the second segment, Lutfi presents a story about the origin of St. Patrick\'s Day. Done in the style of a flannelgraph, the story tells about Maewyn Succat, a young English boy who is kidnapped by pirates and sold as a slave in Ireland. His new life is miserable and he spends his days in constant prayer, even as those around him celebrate paganism. When God tells him it\'s time to leave, Succat runs away and returns to England by way of France. Back at home, Maewyn continues his scholarship and dreams that the people of Ireland are begging him to come back and teach them about Christianity. Succat grows up to become a bishop, is rechristened "Patrick", and fulfills his destiny to return to Ireland and teach the Word of God. The Silly Song follows, a "Schoolhouse Polka" reminiscent of the Schoolhouse Rock! series of educational shorts. Larry plays the accordion and sings a song about homophones. Finally the main segment begins. In Sumo of the Opera, Larry stars as the Italian Scallion, a Sumo wrestler who has difficulty taking anything seriously. He succeeds in injuring his sparring partner Po-Ta-To as a result of his clowning around when Po slips on a banana peel and falls from the ring, injuring his back He is admonished for his joking by Mikey , who accuses him of being weak, lacking ambition, and never completing what he starts. When young Hadrian  reminds him that he has not yet fixed his bike. Meanwhile, Apollo Gourd, the champion, is looking for an opponent now that Po has been injured. The prize is a new "Tiger Bike". Wanting the bike for Hadrian, Scallion accepts the challenge. Mikey agrees to become his trainer on the condition that Scallion does everything he says. Scallion starts out well and trains hard, but when things get difficult, he quits. However, when Scallion sees Hadrian emulating him he realizes that he must set a good example and persevere. He returns to his training with relish and eventually is ready for his match with Apollo Gourd, though naturally no one gives him a chance. However, Scallion does surprisingly well in the match. He lasts longer in the ring than anyone ever has against Apollo. When they both tumble out of the ring at the same moment, the match is called a tie. Unfortunately this means that Apollo remains the champion. In spite of this, Scallion is victorious for having persevered and even completes the repairs to Hadrian\'s bike. Back on the countertop we see that Larry has also persevered and completed his charity work.'] ["Mammootty plays the lead role Manu, M.A., L.L.B., BTech Electronics who is researching in astronomy. Manu's father  is a police officer. Lisi plays the role of Manu's sister Uma. Prathapachandran plays Ravunni, a family friend. Antony  and Mary  are neighbours of Manu. Their children are Dany aka Lother and Ikru. Manu's elder sister 's children comes from Delhi for their vacation. They with Dany and Ikru make up a four member team headed by Dany. The children happened to visit the Art Museum on the very same time when the Marthandavarma's crown was stolen. Ikru noticed the robbers, Gomas, Appu and Kittu but was not able to describe them to his grandpa. Manu who has a well equipped communication system once happened to hear a conversation between Kittu and Gomas planning to loot Marthandavarmas's sword. Manu and his father rush to the palace. Gomas meanwhile already gets hold of the sword when he encounters Manu and his dad. A fight follows in which Manu gets injured by Gomas; so now Manu's father follows the robbers alone. But the police officer gets killed by the robbers in a planned lorry accident. The viewers are just now able to know who the mastermind behind the robbery which was Ravunni, the family friend. Unfortunately for him though, the incident was witnessed by Khader, a young orphan who was happened to be in that lorry. The robbers see the boy and go after him. The boy manages to escape from them and in the process ends up meeting the four children, and tell them that their grandpa was not dead in an accident but was killed. The curious children decide to investigate the murder. Ikru who had already met Gomas drew his picture which was noticed by Manu and Ravunni. Ravunni gets shocked and Manu started developing doubts about Ravunni after watching his tensed face. Manu goes to Ravunni's house when he was not their and made sure his doubts where true. The children meanwhile decide to go to the gang's hideout as per the directions from Khader. They get shocked on knowing that it was Ravunni leading the gang. The gang sees the children who crossed their fence and Ravunni directs his cronies to kill them. But, soon Manu reaches there and saves the children. The climax scene has a very funny fight scene which was enhanced by the funny inspector role of Suresh Gopi as 'Minnal' Prathapan. The movie ends when the robber gang gets arrested by the police. Mohanlal and Suresh Gopi had special appearance in the film. Mohanlal played the role of himself and Suresh Gopi as SI 'Minnal' Prathapan."] ['In the tranquil town of Timberline, 900-pound  grizzly bear Boog enjoys a captive, but happy existence and spends his day as the star attraction of the town\'s nature show with nights living the life of luxury in the garage of park ranger Beth, who raised him since he was a cub. One day, the hunting fanatic Shaw drives into town with the one-antlered mule deer Elliot strapped to the hood of his truck. Boog wakes and frees Elliot at the last minute and against his better judgment, before Shaw can go after him. Boog never expects to see his "buddy" again. Elliot follows Boog home and finds him sleeping in the garage and starts to throw rabbits at the window. He tells him to be "free" from his garage captivity. Elliot introduces Boog to a world of sweet temptations outside of the garage that he has unknown. When Boog becomes intoxicated with sugar, events quickly spiral out of control as the two ransack the town\'s grocery store. Elliot escapes before Boog is caught by a friend of Beth, police officer Gordy. At the nature show, Elliot who is being chased by Shaw, meets Boog who attacks him, causing the whole audience in the show to panic before Boog threatens to kill Elliot. Shaw prepares to shoot Boog but Gordy stops him and Beth shoots him and Elliot with a tranquilizer gun. Shaw flees before Gordy can arrest him for shooting a gun in the town. The two trouble-makers are released into the Timberline National Forest, only three days before open season starts. However, they are set over the falls, where they will be safe. Since he lacks any outdoor skills, Boog takes Elliot as his hapless guide to get him back home to Timberline to reunite with Beth. But in the woods, they quickly learn that it is every animal for itself. The two run into their share of the forest animals including skunks Maria and Rosie, ducks Serge and Deni, panic-stricken rabbits, the Scottish-accented squirrel, McSquizzy and his rogue gang, Reilly and his beaver construction worker team, a porcupine named Buddy who is in search of a friend and the herd of deers led by Ian and Giselle  With each adverse encounter, Boog learns a little about self-reliance and Elliot gains self-respect and they start to become friends. Day by day Elliot still attempts to lead Boog out of the forest, but it becomes evident that he has no clue where they are going. After winding up at Reilly\'s dam, Boog and Elliot are confronted by Shaw, they ended up in a waterfall with the flood washes everyone in the forest before the water recedes. At first everyone blames Boog who accuses Elliot of lying to him about leading him home. Elliot admits he thought that if Boog spent time with him, he would befriend him. Boog leaves to unwittingly find Shaw\'s log cabin. Shaw discovers him and pursues him to the city road where Boog happens upon the glowing lights of Timberline. Instead of deserting his companions, Boog helps the other animals defend themselves using supplies taken from Bob and Bobbie\'s  RV while their pet dachshund Mr. Weenie joins the wilds. The next day, Boog leads a rampage against the hunters, sending them running after McSquizzy blows up their trucks. Shaw returns for a final battle and shoots Elliot which enrages Boog to tie up Shaw with his own gun. Boog finds that Elliot survived the shot, only losing his second antler in the fight. Beth returns to take Boog back home where he will be safe, but instead he stays with his friends. They both realize that the bear is at home in the forest.'] ["A few years prior, the tyrant Frieza destroyed the Planet Namek during his battle with the newly transformed Super Saiyan Goku. The peaceful Namekians found themselves without a home for months. Eventually they had a new planet created for them with the help of the Dragon Balls. For three years or so they lived in peace on their new planet. One day however, a strange metal planet began to absorb New Namek. The silver planet wrapped around New Namek, absorbing its energy. Dende, who is now the Earth's guardian, senses the plight of his people and calls Goku to ask for help. Goku, Gohan, Krillin, Piccolo, Oolong, Yajirobe and Master Roshi arrive and encounter an army of strange, large, silent robots. They soon learn, to their horror, that the mastermind behind the invasion is Cooler, Frieza's older brother, who Goku was thought to have killed a few years earlier and who now plans to use the Namekians as biological fuel for his ship, the Big Gete Star. Goku fights Cooler alone, while the other Z-Fighters battle Cooler's robots. At first the Z-Warriors have trouble penetrating the robots' armor, but Piccolo instructs them to concentrate their energy to one point, and doing so allows them to destroy a few of the robots. However, there are far too many to handle and all the warriors, except Piccolo, are captured along with a village of Namekians. Piccolo is left behind, and destroys all the robots. He then makes his way to rescue those who were captured. Elsewhere, it becomes apparent that Goku is no match for Cooler's new metallic form which gives him the ability to regenerate himself. Cooler also reveals his ability to use the Instantaneous Movement technique, which Goku also uses. Goku continues to struggle even after becoming a Super Saiyan. Cooler reveals that the Big Gete Star constantly monitors his body, and fixes any flaws that may occur, in this case Cooler's arm being torn off by Goku. Just before Goku is choked to death by Cooler, Vegeta, who had arrived in a separate pod, shows up just in time to help Goku. The two Super Saiyans attack Cooler and they soon are able to kill him. However, the Big Gete Star once again corrects a flaw in Cooler's design, in this case, giving Cooler a thousand bodies rather than just one. Outnumbered and exhausted, Goku and Vegeta are captured and transported to the Big Gete Star's core to be used as energy. As Cooler is leeching their Saiyan strength via strange wires, he snidely explains his manner of survival: not long after his defeat at Goku's hands, a nearby computer chip floated among a debris of spacecraft until it gained sentience and absorbed everything in its proximity and formed a spaceship, and at one point, Cooler's remains, including pieces of his brain, were fused with the main computer and Cooler subsequently took control, effectively meaning that Cooler is the Big Gete Star. Goku and Vegeta regain consciousness and release all their Super Saiyan energy to the wires, overloading the system. They then come face to face with the Big Gete Star's core, the true Cooler. Cooler attempts to crush Goku, but his hand is severed by Vegeta, giving Goku enough time to blast him with the last of his energy, causing his ultimate demise. Meanwhile, Piccolo arrives in the Big Gete Star, and meets up with a clone of Cooler, which explodes. Eventually, all the other clones of Cooler and every other robot in the Big Gete Star explode. Piccolo and the rest escape before the Big Gete Star leaves New Namek's orbit and explodes. Goku and Vegeta fall from the sky near the rest of the Z-Fighters, and everyone rejoices. Vegeta is nowhere to be found, but Goku still compliments his role in defeating Cooler. Vegeta is shown in his spacepod holding the computer chip that created the Big Gete Star. He then crushes it, ensuring that it will never create another monstrosity like the Big Gete Star ever again."] ['The Goonies, a group of friends living in the "Goon Docks" neighborhood of Astoria, Oregon, face foreclosure on their families\' homes from the expanding Astoria Country Club. On one of their last days their morale sinks particularly low due to Mikey\'s older brother having failed his driver\'s license exam, thwarting their plans to "cruise the coast in style" during their "last Goonies weekend." While rummaging through the Walshes\' attic, they find an old newspaper clipping, a Spanish map, and an artifact relating to a rumor of a lost but not forgotten pirate treasure somewhere in the area. Hearing the call of adventure, Mikey tries to persuade his friends to join him in search for the treasure hoarded by a pirate named One-Eyed Willie. Initially reluctant, the group eventually decides to evade the authority of Mikey\'s older brother, Brandon, and escape for one last "Goonie adventure." They then head down the coast and stumble upon a derelict seaside restaurant that seems to match coordinates set by the map and an old doubloon, unaware that the Fratellis, a family of fugitives, are using the restaurant as their hideout. After first encountering the family, the Goonies come back after the Fratellis have left and discover their criminal intents, and send Chunk, the group\'s clumsy, heavy-set dreamer and teller of tall tales, to get help. However, the Fratellis return before they can leave, forcing the Goonies to use a cavern underneath the restaurant to escape. The Fratellis capture Chunk and interrogate him, learning nothing until a pack of bats burst out of the cavern beneath the restaurant. Chunk is placed in the same room with the forsaken and deformed Fratelli brother, Sloth, while the rest of the Fratellis enter the cavern and follow the Goonies\' trail. As the Goonies traverse the cavern, Mikey discovers that it matches up with the map and convinces the rest of the group to continue to follow it to find the treasure. They overcome many deadly traps set by One-Eyed Willie, and eventually arrive at a large underground cavern and a lagoon where Willie\'s ship, the Inferno, lies waiting. While others begin to fill their pockets with the riches on the ship, Mikey finds Willie\'s skeleton, and reverently acknowledges him as the "first Goonie", leaving part of the treasure with him as tribute. However, as the Goonies exit the hold, they are caught by the Fratellis, who take their treasure and force the kids to walk the plank. The Goonies are saved by the timely arrival of Chunk and Sloth, now close friends, who help the rest of the group to shore. With the children no longer a threat, the Fratellis ransack the rest of the ship, including the share of the treasure Mikey left for Willie. This sets off a final booby trap, causing the cave to begin collapsing. The Goonies flee through a hole in the cave, finding themselves on a beach. Two passing policemen spot them and call in for help. The Goonies are soon reunited with their parents while the Fratellis are arrested and Chunk offers to take Sloth into his home. As the Astoria Country Club calls upon Mikey\'s father to sign over the deed to his property, Rosalita, the Walshes\' maid, discovers that Mikey\'s marble bag contains a large handful of jewels taken from the ship. Mikey\'s father quickly estimates that its value is more than enough to save everyone\'s homes. As the families celebrate, they spot the unmanned Inferno, now free of the cave, sailing away.'] ['Lilo and her classmates are preparing to perform at the local May Day festival. Each student is required to create an original dance. When Lilo learns that her mother won the competition when she was her age she becomes determined to win it. While preparing for the competition, Stitch\'s past comes back to haunt him. It seems that after Stitch was created, Jumba did not get a chance to fully charge Stitch\'s molecules before they were both arrested. At first, this glitch causes Stitch to revert to his old destructive programming, but it will ultimately destroy him if Jumba cannot create a fusion chamber before Stitch\'s energy runs out. Meanwhile, Stitch\'s uncontrollable destructive behavior is driving a wedge between him and Lilo and ruining her chances for success at the hula competition. Because Lilo is so concerned about winning the competition she fails to notice his glitch and does not understand that the trouble he is causing now is not his fault; she is too busy trying to get him to help her and completely neglects helping him. Eventually, the two devise a hula based on the legend of Hi\'iaka. Lilo gets increasingly angry at Stitch as he ruins their practice sessions. To make matters worse Jumba is having problems creating the fusion chamber due to the fact that he does not have the proper alien technology to build it and has to try building it using ordinary house-hold objects. However, just before the competition, Lilo and Stitch make-up and Jumba finally completes the fusion chamber. Then, Stitch has another one of his fits and accidentally scratches Lilo; this upsets him so much that he decides to leave Earth, believing himself to be "too dangerous". Lilo finally realizes that something is terribly wrong with Stitch and in the middle of her performance she forfeits the competition to help him. As Stitch attempts to leave Earth, Lilo and the rest of the family desperately try to get him back so that they could re-charge him. Stitch then has another outburst which causes him to crash the space ship in the Hawaiian mountains, Lilo rides over to the crash site in a mini space scooter, she finds Stitch close to death and struggles to get him into Jumba`s fusion chamber. Unfortunately, she is too late by the time she places him in the machine and Stitch dies, but with Lilo\'s  love for him, Stitch is revived, they all attend Lilo\'s hula play and there is a happy ending.'] ['Zenon Kar is a 13-year-old girl who lives with her family on an orbiting space station in 2049. After getting into trouble with the space station\'s commander, Edward Plank, Zenon\'s parents punish her by grounding her to Earth to live with her Aunt Judy, who is afraid of space. On Earth Zenon experiences trouble fitting in with other kids, who consider her space-station stories and slang weird and to be avoided. Likewise, Zenon considers the children at her school woefully out of touch with pop culture. To assuage her homesickness, Zenon often communicates with her best friend on the space station, Nebula Wade, via a video phone tablet. Eventually Zenon makes friends on earth with two boys, Andrew and Greg. Along the way the kids learn to be more accepting of one another and to look past first impressions. During her time grounded on Earth, Zenon uncovers a plot masterminded by station bigwig Parker Wyndham to crash the computers of her space station home , which will put everyone on it in danger. When Zenon tries to warn her parents of the danger, Commander Plank, who sees all children as troublemakers, convinces Zenon\'s parents not to listen to her. He believes that her story is only a ploy to get her back onto the space station so that she can attend an upcoming concert by her idol Proto Zoa , who are about to perform the world\'s first space concert. With the help of her friends Andrew and Greg, Zenon must find a way to save the space station and her family. Andrew creates a computer virus to counteract that deployed by Wyndham, and it is then up to Zenon to get the disk to the station. Hoping to somehow sneak onto a space launch, Zenon goes to the launch yard, where Proto Zoa and his band are about to depart for their concert. In a lucky break, Proto Zoa recognizes Zenon from a "Dance with Proto Zoa" contest and takes her with his band, Mr. Wyndham, his assistant Lutz, and Aunt Judy on the launch to the station. Upon arrival, Commander Plank is shocked to see Zenon on the station, but is smitten with Aunt Judy. After hearing Zenon\'s story, the commander still has trouble believing her, especially when Wyndham accuses her of sabotaging the station. Against all odds, Zenon manages to use the computer virus program that Andrew created to save the space station, and Wyndham and Lutz get arrested. Afterward, everyone enjoys the Microbe concert.'] ['On the night of Elephantland\'s Victory Parade, Babar tells to his four children the story of his first days as King of the Elephants. His first order of business, he is told by his two counselors, is to choose a name for Elephantland\'s Annual Parade. Babar promptly selects one, but is informed by the bureaucratic-minded lords that the matter must be thoroughly examined by committee. Babar\'s cousin, Celeste, then interrupts to tell Babar that her home has been attacked by Rataxes, the rhinoceros lord, and his horde. The chancellors scoff and rubuff her, but Babar orders an elephant army to be called up immediately to defeat the rhinos, if partly because he wants to impress his cousin  But, due to the heel-dragging of his ultra-conservative ministers, Babar learns that the muster will take at least three days. Not willing to wait any longer, Babar tells his cousin Arthur, Celeste\'s brother, to take care of his job as King while he ventures off on his own to help their mother, amid dangerous jungle. He finds Celeste\'s village aflame; the rhinos are taking the adult elephants as slaves so that they can work on building a rhino city. Babar tries to intervene, but is knocked senseless for his trouble. When he comes to, Babar rescues Celeste out of the town well, and they set off to rescue the latter\'s mother, and the other pachyderms, from Rataxes\' wrath. Along the way, they meet a monkey named Zephir, who gives them the location of the rhinos\' base. The two come face to face with Rataxes himself, who plans to invade Babar\'s kingdom by twilight, and are put in jail, but they both escape along with Zephir, and race back to Elephantland to save it. Heading into the rhinos\' tents, they disguise themselves as one of the warriors, asking for "special detail" of their plans for attack, but to no avail. They get away from Rataxes quickly, launching from a catapult and landing in a fountain, much to the surprise of Babar\'s advisors. The evil rhino proclaims Elephantland will be destroyed in an hour, absent unconditional surrender. To buy time, Babar orders the two ministers to distract Rataxes with their "committee" procedure. The elephant army takes some action into their hands, and a giant elephant float, built by Babar and company, scares off Rataxes\' soldiers. At sunrise, the young King\'s friends congratulate him on saving the day and his town, but are surprised to learn that their very first Victory Parade will be held during the afternoon. It has gone by that name ever since, the older Babar recalls, because the committee could not find any other name for it. As Babar finishes his tale, he finds that his children have all gone to sleep. Right after he closes the door, they re-enact scenes from the story, until their father tells them to get back to bed.'] ['Little Red Riding Hood discovers that the Big Bad Wolf has disguised himself as Granny, just as the ax-wielding woodsman bursts through the window, startling everyone. The police quickly arrive, and Red, Wolf, Granny, and the Woodsman are questioned by detective Nicky Flippers about the events leading up the incident. Red explains that she was delivering goodies for her grandmother when she discovered a threat from the mysterious Goodie Bandit. Hoping to save her Granny’s recipes, she embarked upon a journey to take them to the top of a nearby mountain where her Granny lives. On her way, she encountered the Wolf, who asked her a series of suspicious questions. She managed to escape, and eventually reached her Granny’s house; however she found the Wolf already waiting in ambush. What at first seems to be an open-and-shut case becomes confused though, once it is learned that the Wolf is an investigative reporter. He reveals that he was searching for a lead on the identity of the Goodie Bandit, and had reason to believe that Granny and Red were the culprits. Locating Red, he questioned her, hoping to get to the bottom of the mystery. When Red escaped, he headed for her Granny’s house and arriving first, went undercover, hoping to trick her into giving him the evidence he needed. When questioned, the Woodsman reveals that he is in fact an aspiring actor who was only trying out for the part of a woodsman in a commercial. After his schnitzel truck was robbed by the Goodie Bandit, he went out into the woods to get in character for his role, and spent the rest of the day felling trees. An especially large tree rolled after him, and pushed him through the window of Granny’s home. The investigation then turns to Granny, who reveals that, unbeknownst to her family, she is an extreme sports enthusiast. During a ski race earlier that day, she was attacked by the opposing team, but got away safely after learning that they were hired by the Goodie Bandit. Despondent over her Granny’s lack of honesty, Red wanders off alone. Meanwhile, Nicky Flippers realizes that the one commonality between all four stories was a bunny named Boingo, and concludes that he is the Goodie Bandit. However, Boingo has already snuck into the home and stolen Granny’s recipes. Red sees Boingo and follows him to his hideout at a cable car station, but the police pursue him in the wrong direction. Granny, the Wolf, and the Woodsman manage to locate Boingo as he is explaining his evil scheme to Red. Boingo plans to add an addictive substance to the stolen recipes, and then explode the forest, making way for new real estate for expanding his business. The Wolf and the Woodsman go undercover to distract Boingo as Granny sneaks into his lair, but open conflict ensues. Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red down the mountain in a cable car loaded with explosives, and Granny goes after her, with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit. Red manages to free herself, and escapes with Granny, while the police, who have been located by the Wolf’s assistant Twitchy, are waiting at the bottom of the mountain to arrest Boingo and his henchmen. Some time later, the Woodsman finds success as part of a yodeling troupe, and Red, Granny, the Wolf, and Twitchy are enlisted by Nicky Flippers to join a crime solving organization called Happily Ever After Agency.'] ['On a rainy day, Heathcliff  recalls his past exploits to his three nephews , through a compilation of episodes originally broadcast on the TV series.  # "Cat Food for Thought" - Heathcliff becomes a TV star after getting rid of his competition. # "Heathcliff\'s Double" - There\'s a new cat in town called Henry who looks exactly like Heathcliff, and everybody mistakes him for Heathcliff. # "The Siamese Twins" - There are two new cats in town that are ruining Heathcliff\'s reputation, making everyone think Heathcliff is the cause of their troubles. # "An officer and an Alley Cat" - To win a lifetime supply of free cat food, Heathcliff goes to obedience school to be worthy for the contest. # "The Catfather" - In this parody of The Godfather, Heathcliff collects gifts for the Catfather, oblivious to the fact that the Catfather is the scare of the town. # "Boom Boom Pussini" - Hector gets Heathcliff into a challenge to wrestle the famous cat wrestler Boom Boom Pussini who cheats to win matches. # "Pop on Parole" - Heathcliff\'s father has gotten parole for jail time and Heathcliff believes he broke out and the cops are chasing him.'] ['{{plot}} Bob the Tomato is driving Dad Asparagus and some of the Veggie children to see the popular singer "Twippo" in concert. Meanwhile, Laura Carrot is taunting the other children because she won a backstage pass. Dad Asparagus accidentally hits Bob with the steering wheel. The vehicle\'s front tires are shot out flat by a porcupine and it goes careening down a hill and hits a stump just short of a river as Laura loses her backstage pass. They take refuge in a nearby fancy, French, seafood restaurant. Bob blames Dad Asparagus for crashing the car, and Junior blames Laura. Junior, sitting at a table alone is met by the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything. The Pirates say he was tough on his friend and encourage him to show some compassion. To illustrate, they begin to tell all the Veggies a story. Jonah  is a Prophet. One day, God asks him to leave Israel and deliver a message to Nineveh, a rough and dangerous city in Assyria. Jonah panics and tries to flee from the Lord. He goes to his travel agent, Angus , who tells him that the farthest he can get from Nineveh is Tarshish. When he spies the Pirates\' ship docked in the harbor, he asks them to take him to Tarshish. They resist, but Jonah convinces them by paying them. On the way to Tarshish, a guilt-stricken Jonah goes below deck to rest. There, he meets Khalil the Caterpillar, a traveling Persian rug salesman, who rants about how great Jonah is. Jonah finds the ship beset by a great storm. Captain Pa Grape concludes that the storm has been sent because God is angry at someone on the ship. They all play Go Fish to determine who it is. Jonah loses the game, admitting he is running from God, and is forced to walk the plank. Luckily, First Mate Lunt has an outboard motor, which they can use to return to Joppa. Unfortunately, Khalil accidentally destroys it. With Jonah off the ship, the skies clear immediately. The Pirates attempt to reel him back in, but a whale swallows Jonah. The whale also swallows the lifebelt attached to Jonah. The Pirates fire the cannon at the whale but are forced to use a bowling ball as ammo. The whale surfaces and swallows the ball with Khalil inside. Inside the belly of the whale, Jonah is visited by a host of God\'s messengers. They explain through a rousing number that if Jonah repents then God will grant him a second chance too. He and Khalil are spit up onto the shore. After being denied entrance to the city, the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything appear, who have gained notoriety from the people of Ninevah for winning the sweepstakes. They sneak Jonah into the city disguised as winners of the sweepstakes, thought they are all promptly arrested for the theft of Cheese Twists. After sentenced to death by "the Fish Slap of No Return", they are granted an audience with King Twistomer . When King Twistomer hears that Jonah has survived in the belly of a whale, he listens to his message. Jonah delivers the message given to him by God. He tells them they should repent and amend their ways, or Nineveh will be destroyed. King Twistomer and the Ninevites quickly repent. Jonah waits from a distance. Khalil is disappointed in Jonah, and tries to explain to him that God is compassionate and merciful. But Jonah, feeling pathetic and self-important, can\'t accept that. The story ends with Khalil and Jonah\'s camel Reginald leaving Jonah on a cliff overlooking the city. Back in the present day, the Veggies understand the point of the story. Bob forgives Dad Asparagus and Junior gives his Twippo ticket to Laura. Twippo  appears in the restaurant unexpectedly and the film ends with a grand musical number. Prior to the credits, a tow truck driver, who looks and sounds remarkably like Khalil, walks into the restaurant. This makes him somewhat recognizable to Twippo.'] ['Rob, the owner of the appliances and whom they refer to as "the master", is working in a laboratory where he tends to injured animals. While working on a thesis the computer crashes, thanks to a terrible computer virus from Wittgenstein, an old TLW-728 supercomputer. The appliances, along with the rat Ratso who found Wittgenstein, then seek to help Rob by finding Wittgenstein to reverse the effects of his virus, hence recovering the master\'s thesis. Meanwhile, in a dual plot of the film, Mack, Rob\'s lab assistant, plots to sell the injured animals Rob had been tending, to a place called "Tartaras Laboratories", the same place that skinned Sebastian  \'s hand when he was just a baby. When the appliances find Wittgenstein, they discover him abandoned, all alone and run-down and broken in the basement. The miserable supercomputer reveals that he is living on one rare tube, named the "WFC 11-12-55". The appliances learn that unless they find a replacement quickly, Wittgenstein\'s tube will blow and lead to his apparent death. In an attempt to revive Wittgenstein to his superior state, Radio and Ratso go to the college\'s storage building to find the hard-to-find WFC 11-12-55 tube. When they come back with the last apparent tube for miles, Radio and Ratso  accidentally breaks it, and it seems that all hope is lost. Wittgenstein does his best with all his might, but he blows his tube with a big explosion and apparently "is a goner". Ratso then blames Radio, which causes Radio himself to suicidly give up his own tube which turns out to be the very rare tube they had been looking for, thus leaving himself as a lifeless appliance. Apparently, the appliances replaced the tube in the nick of time; with the boosted power of the new tube, Wittgenstein wakes up, miraculously regenerates the other smashed tubes connected to himself and is completely revived to as good as new. By the end of the film, the appliances restore Rob\'s thesis and stop Mack from selling the injured animals, Radio\'s tube is replaced with a new one  and all is well.'] ['The story starts off in New York setting sometime after the first movie, presumably between 1886 and 1889, and has Fievel recalling a strange dream in which he and his family went west . Fievel and Tony discover that an ancient treasure lies underneath Manhattan when snooping around an abandoned subway  and stumbling upon the remains of a dead mouse clutching a treasure map, deciding they must find it with the help of an archaeologist Tony knows: Dr. Dithering, along with fighting five villains as well. The movie focuses on the relationship between the over-exploited workers of a sweatshop  and the factory\'s rich owners: Mr. Grasping , Toplofty  and O\'Bloat . It also focuses on the plight of the Native Americans in the United States. The treasure under Manhattan turns out to be a group of Lenape mice living a long distance beneath the surface  that decided to hide when they saw how the first Europeans only brought war and disease with them and didn\'t want to wait for the European mice to do the same to them. An emotional scene ensues when Fievel must struggle with how cruel his own people the Europeans were  to the natives of America. The sachem decides to send his daughter, Cholena, to the surface to see if they have "changed their ways." Upon their return, Scuttlebutt   reports to the villains unbeknownst to the rest of the members of the expedition, who then decide to use this to their advantage. They tell all the workers of the sweatshop about Cholena  and that she is their enemy. The mouse NYPD Chief, McBrusque  and Scuttlebutt engage in a bout of police brutality, burning down "every mouse house and rat hole" until they find her. After the angry mouse mob try to capture Cholena and anyone else involved with her, Fievel and his friends decide to take Cholena back underground, but the police find out and go after them. Meanwhile, everyone finds out about Dr. Dithering\'s friendship with the Indian and take him to the butcher shop for his punishment. Papa tells everyone about how madness like this is why they all left for America and should work together to become friends with those different from them as the fellow Americans they are. Tiger saves Dr. Dithering from the villains, who escape and order McBrusque and his men to find and murder the Native Americans. Upon returning Cholena to her home and telling the chief what is happening. McBrusque, Scuttlebutt, and the other police officers show up to the village until the Chief, the Native Americans, Fievel and his friends drive the villains away. The chief gives them a gun powder bomb to collapse the tunnel connecting the Native Americans to the outside world. But before they can do so, they are ambushed by the enraged McBrusque and Scuttlebutt who attempt to kill the kids once and for all, but the two crooks are overpowered and Fievel manages to set of the bomb. This floods the tunnel, together with the evil McBrusque and Scuttlebutt as they fall into the chasm to their deaths. Tony and Tanya managed to reach higher ground, but Fievel was carried off by the current. When the water recedes Tanya and Tony desperately search through the mud to find him, before giving up. But just then, Fievel breaks through the surface, and they all three share a muddy group hug, thankful that everyone survived. The movie ends with Fievel\'s papa forming a worker\'s union and the villains agreeing amongst themselves to negotiate "with that riff-raff" because otherwise, they\'ll go on strike and make them go bankrupt while Tiger the cat, who is now the new police chief, watches them. The last scene is Fievel seeing, through a foldable telescope, Cholena and her father disappearing into a hidden door at the foot of a statue, which pleases Fievel.'] ['Scrooge McDuck, Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Webby Vanderquack, and Launchpad McQuack journey to the Middle East in search of the treasure of Collie Baba and his Forty Thieves . They are accompanied by Dijon, a weasel who is hired as a guide to an ancient temple. Unbeknownst to them, he is under the employ of [[Merlock , a magician who is as old as human history, and who has a very specific treasure in mind. Following a map that he found in a chest beloning to Collie Baba, Scrooge and the rest of the party find a hidden pyramid, where the treasure is. After overcoming several of the pyramid\'s booby traps, they find the treasure. Dijon, who\'s under the employment of Merlock, spots the treasure that the evil wizard is after, a lamp. But before he can reach it, Webby grabs it. Showing it to Scrooge, he tells her that is just an ordinary oil lamp. Webby asks him if she can keep it, and the old millionaire decides that she can have it, thinking that the lamp is not worth a penny. After bagging the whole treasure, they start to make their way outside of the pyramid, when Merlock appears and snatches it, along with Dijon, who was holding the bag. Scrooge tries to get the treasure back, but Merlock traps the party in a shallow water flow filled with deadly scorpions and attend to the rest of the treasure, along with Dijon. Making use of their Junior Woodchuck guide book, the boys and Launchpad manage to avoid the scorpions. In the meantime, Merlock and Dijon find out that the lamp is not in the bag, and the wizard assumes that Scrooge still has it. Managing to come out of the pyramid, Scrooge feels down, because he lost a treasure that he had been seeking for so long. Hearing this, Webby tells him that he can keep her lamp as a reminder of the adventure, but he tells her that it\'s hers, and that it would not be right for him to keep it. After searching the pyramid, Dijon and Merlock assume that Scrooge and the others managed to exit it. Not happy about it, Merlock forces Dijon to tell him where Scrooge lives and to take him there. A few days later, back in Duckburg, Webby and the boys discover that the lamp is actually a magic lamp containing a genie who claims to be able to grant them three wishes each. With a total of twelve wishes between the four of them, they use it on things like a giant ice cream sundae and playthings while Webby wishes for a baby elephant. The boys use one of their wishes to reverse hers to avoid suspicion from the adults as they suspect they\'ll just take Genie away from them. Scrooge meets the Genie by mistake and they pass him off as a normal boy named "Gene". One night, Genie becomes afraid of an owl, fearful that it may be Merlock, someone from his past whom he is evidently terrified of. He then reveals his story to the boys. Thousands of years ago, he had a wicked master named Merlock. Merlock was an evil sorcerer who made many terrible wishes that Genie was forced to grant. The first of these wishes was for him [Merlock] to live forever. After Collie Baba stole the lamp from him, Merlock has been on a quest for the lamp ever since, and still is to that day. Furthermore, he had somehow obtained a magical talisman that gave him the power to change forms at will. When combined with the lamp, the talisman enables the user to gain unlimited wishes. After a disastrous wish from Webby, the boys reveal Gene\'s identity to Scrooge who collects him as they were afraid of. It isn\'t long before Dijon discovers the Genie and uses him to wish away Scrooge\'s fortune to himself. Scrooge is arrested for trespassing on "his" property and Mrs. Beakly and the kids bail him out. Scrooge, Launchpad, and the boys infiltrate the Money Bin in order to obtain the lamp and reverse the mess, however Merlock is not far behind. As the heroes make their way to the top of the money bin, Merlock takes the lamp for himself and turns the bin into a gigantic floating fortress, carrying the ducks along with them. During a confrontation with Scrooge, Merlock orders the genie to send him far away, which he has no choice but to obey. However, Scrooge manages to take Merlock\'s lamp with him. Merlock turns into a gryphon and pursues him. As the two battle in the final showdown, Scrooge forces Merlock to release his talisman and he turns back into his regular form. Scrooge manages to grab the lamp and make his second wish: "I wish me, and my family, and my Bin were back in Duckberg, right now!" . The respective people and locations disappear from sight and Merlock is seen falling to his death from hundreds of feet in the sky. Back in Duckburg, all seems well and the memories of the events seem limited to Scrooge and his family. Scrooge acts curmudgeonly, threatening to send the lamp to the deepest point in the center of the Earth. But instead makes his final wish to make Gene a real boy and for his freedom. After granting the wish, the magic is no longer with the lamp, and it crumbled and wastes away into dust. Gene is free from the lamp forever. To celebrate his newfound humanity, Gene initiates a game of Cops and Robbers with the children. In the final scene, Scrooge catches Dijon trying to steal coins from his house and chases Dijon down the road to town, yelling "Somebody stop those pants!" The credits opens and ends with Jeff Pescetto singing the famous "Ducktales" theme song.'] ['Five appliances — a radio, Radio ; a lamp, Lampy ; an electric blanket, Blanky ; a vacuum cleaner, Kirby ; and a toaster, Toaster  — live in an vacant cabin located in the countryside. Each day they await their "Master", a child whom they have not seen for many years, with a growing sense of abandonment. When a car stops at the cabin and turns out to be a real estate broker placing a "for sale" sign, the appliances spiral into despair. Unable to accept that the Master would abandon them, Toaster decides that the group should head out and find the Master. The appliances rig up a car battery to an office chair pulled by Kirby and set out into the world, following the Radio\'s signal broadcasted from the city, where the Master lives. From the cabin to the big city, the appliances have many harrowing adventures where they slowly learn to work together. Shortly after stopping to rest within a forest, a violent storm during nightfall wakes Toaster and the others and blows Blanky up into the trees, and Lampy risks his life by using himself as a lightning rod to recharge the group\'s dead battery. After recovering Blanky, the group tries to cross a waterfall, only to have everyone fall in except for Kirby. Kirby dives after them and rescues them, and the appliances wash up into the middle of a swamp. After losing both the chair and the battery, the group resorts to pulling a disabled Kirby through the swamp. After almost drowning in quicksand, they are rescued by Elmo St. Peters, the owner of an appliance parts store. At the store they meet a group of partially dismantled or broken appliances, who have given up on hope and await being disassembled and sold. After Radio is taken from the shelf and is about to have his radio tubes extracted, the appliances trick St. Peters, allowing them all to escape and head into the city. The Master, whose name is revealed to be Rob , lives in an apartment as a young adult and is about to depart for college. The Master leaves with his girlfriend Chris  to head back to the cabin to pick up the appliances to take with him. The modern electronics in the apartment become disappointed and jealous. When the appliances arrive at Rob\'s apartment, the modern appliances convince them that they are outdated and unusable, tossing them into the garbage, where they are shortly transported to Ernie\'s Disposal, a junkyard. Rob and Chris return home after thinking his original appliances have been stolen. Rob\'s black and white television , who originally lived with the appliances, broadcasts fake advertisements and convinces Rob and Chris to look at Ernie\'s Disposal for replacements. At the junkyard, the appliances lose hope and put themselves at the mercy of a giant magnetic crane that picks up junk and places it on a conveyor belt that leads into a car crusher. When they discover that Rob is in the junkyard, they are encouraged and attempt to foil the magnetic crane in order to allow Rob to find them. After being thwarted several times, the evil magnetic crane picks up Rob himself as well as the appliances, except for Toaster, and drops them on the compactor\'s conveyor belt. In a climactic act of self-sacrifice, Toaster leaps into the compactor\'s drive gears and stops the machine from destroying all of the appliances and Rob. Rob returns to the apartment with all of the appliances in tow, including a now mangled Toaster. Rob repairs the Toaster and takes all of them to college with him.'] ['In 1916, Tsar Nicholas II hosts a ball at the Catherine Palace to celebrate the Romanov tricentennial. His mother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna , is visiting from Paris and gives a music box and a necklace inscribed with the words “Together in Paris” as parting gifts to her eight-year-old granddaughter, the Grand Duchess Anastasia . The ball is suddenly interrupted by Grigori Rasputin , a sorcerer who was banished by the Tsar for treason. Rasputin had then sold his soul in exchange for an unholy reliquary, which he uses to cast a curse on the Romanov family in revenge, sparking a revolution that forces them to flee the palace. Only Marie and Anastasia are able to escape, thanks to a young servant boy named Dimitri, who shows them a secret passageway in Anastasia\'s room. Rasputin confronts the two royals outside, only to fall through the ice and drown. The pair manage to reach a moving train, but only Marie climbs aboard while Anastasia falls, hitting her head on the platform. Ten years later, Russia is under communist rule, and Marie has publicly offered ten million rubles for the safe return of her granddaughter. Dimitri  and his friend and partner Vladimir  thus search for an Anastasia lookalike to present to Marie in Paris and collect the reward. Elsewhere, Anastasia , now under the name "Anya", leaves the rural orphanage where she grew up, having lost her memory prior to arriving there. She turns down a job at a fish factory in favor of going to St. Petersburg after her necklace inspires her to seek out her family in Paris, accompanied by a stray puppy named Pooka. In the deserted palace she encounters Dimitri and Vladimir, who — impressed by her resemblance to the "real" Anastasia — decide to take her with them. Bartok , Rasputin\'s albino bat minion is nearby and notices his master\'s dormant reliquary suddenly revived by Anastasia\'s presence; it drags him to limbo, where Rasputin survives. Enraged to hear that Anastasia escaped the curse, Rasputin sends demonic spirits from the reliquary to kill her; despite two attempts, the trio manage to  foil him, forcing Rasputin and Bartok to travel back to the surface. Anastasia, Dimitri, and Vlad eventually reach Paris and go to meet Marie, who refuses to see her, having been fooled numerously before by imposters. Despite this Sophie , Marie\'s cousin, quizzes Anastasia to confirm her identity. Dimitri and Vladimir had taught Anastasia all the answers, but when Anastasia independently  recalls how Dimitri saved her ten years ago, the two men finally realize that she is the real Grand Duchess. Sophie, convinced as well, arranges for her to meet Marie after a Russian ballet. However Marie wants nothing to do with Dimitri, having heard of him and his initial scheme to trick her. Horrified that Dimitri was using her, Anastasia storms out. Dimitri, having fallen in love with Anastasia, manages to change Marie\'s mind by presenting her with Anastasia\'s music box, which he had found after their escape. Anastasia\'s memory returns upon meeting Marie, and the two women are reunited at long last. The next day, Marie offers Dimitri the reward money, but to her surprise he refuses it and leaves for Russia, convinced that he cannot be with Anastasia. That night, at Anastasia\'s return celebration, Marie informs her of Dimitri\'s gesture and leaves her to her thoughts. Anastasia then wanders through a garden and onto the Pont Alexandre III, where she is trapped and attacked by Rasputin. Dimitri returns to save her, but is injured and knocked unconscious. Anastasia manages to kill Rasputin by crushing the reliquary under her foot. With Rasputin\'s soul having been tied to the object, he promptly dies and turns to dust. Afterwards, Dimitri and Anastasia reconcile; the two then elope and Anastasia sends a farewell letter to Marie and Sophie, promising to return someday. The film ends with the couple sharing a kiss as they sail out of Paris with Pooka, while Bartok falls in love with a female bat who kisses him.'] ['Keshu  is a deaf and dumb boy who lost his mother when he was born. He was raised by his maternal uncle  and wife . Being mischievous, there waere many complaints against Keshu by the villagers. His uncle kept punishing him, but to no avail. The only person who Keshu could find solace was his distant relative and the maid of the house, Devu . Then, Shalini , a drawing teacher transferred to that village started living with the family. Keshu did not spare her from his mischief, but she did not complain to anyone, and instead started liking Keshu. He reciprocated the affection shown to him and there was a gradual change in his behaviour. She encouraged him to take up drawing and even convinced his uncle to enroll him in a special school for the deaf and the dumb. Keshu wins an international award for his painting, The elephant and the Mahout, and become the darling of the whole village. The end of the happy chapter came as a letter to Shalini informing that her marriage is fixed . Her return was a torment to Keshu, his family as well as Shalini. Keshu remained sad and desperate for her return for days, but eventually realised that she will not come back. He asked his uncle to take him back to his school, and his uncle took him back to his world of colours and drawings.'] ['{{see also}}{{see also}} Jesse Aarons  is a seventh-grade aspiring artist living with his financially struggling family in Lark Creek, Virginia. He rides the bus to his elementary school with his little sister May Belle , where he avoids the school bully, Janice Avery . In class, Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager  and Gary Fulcher , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke . At recess, Jesse enters a running event, for which he had been training at home. Leslie also enters and manages to beat all the boys, much to Jesse\'s irritation. On the way home, Jesse and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors. Later in the evening, Jesse becomes frustrated when he finds that May Belle drew in his notebook, but his mom  who favors her daughters and his strict father  sides with her. He later watches them gardening together, disappointed that his father never spends time with him. The next day at school, Leslie compliments Jesse\'s drawing ability after seeing his notebook, and they soon become best friends. Every day after school they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope. Jesse and Leslie find an abandoned tree house and a broken down truck on the other side, and invent a new world, which Leslie names "Terabithia". The fantasy world, which is a reflection on their lives, comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings and spend their free time in the tree house getting to know each other, ruling Terabithia as King and Queen. Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday, much to his delight. Later, he gives her a puppy, whom she decides to name Prince Terrien . Once in Terabithia, they fight with various creatures, including a troll resembling Janice. In one particular scene, Leslie walks onto a log and shouts "We rule Terabithia and nothing crushes us!" At school, Janice puts a fee on entering the girls\' bathroom. Leslie becomes frustrated by her fee and she and Jesse play a prank on Janice. A while later Janice pranks Jesse by pretending to fall over and accuses Jesse of tripping her over on purpose. Jesse is forced off the bus. Once Leslie\'s parents finish writing their book, she and Jesse help paint their house. Jesse is impressed by her parents\' happiness, and smiles as he watches their family. At school on Friday, Leslie hears Janice Avery crying in the bathroom. After Leslie talks with her, she discovers that the reason why Janice is a bully is that she is abused by her father, and they become friends. Jesse and Leslie then take P.T. to Terabithia, where they fight off several creatures resembling students at their school. They decide to go home when it starts raining and the creek gets higher than ever, and Jesse realizes that he has started having feelings for Leslie as she runs back to her house, for the last time. The next morning, Ms. Edmunds , Jesse\'s music teacher, calls to invite him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. Jesse tries to ask his mother\'s permission; however, she is half-asleep and he takes her mumbling as approval. Jesse does not ask Leslie to accompany him, and merely looks at her house as they drive by. When he returns home, Jesse finds that his father and mother are worried sick because they did not know where he was. His father tells him that Leslie drowned in the creek after falling in  because the rope broke in the same morning when Jesse went to the museum. The family therefore thought that Jesse had drowned too. Jesse is heartbroken, and says he doesn\'t believe that Leslie drowned. The following day, Jesse and his parents visit the Burke family home to pay their respects. Leslie\'s father, Bill Burke , tells Jesse that she loved him, and thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she had trouble making friends at her old school. Jesse feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie\'s death because he didn\'t invite her to the museum trip and for not being there for her. He runs back into the forest, and breaks down in tears. His father tells him that it\'s not his fault and says, "She brought you something special when she came here, didn\'t she? That\'s what you hold on to. That\'s how you keep her alive". Jesse decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge with a sign saying "Nothing Crushes Us" across the creek to welcome a new ruler. He invites his sister May Belle to enter Terabithia; she is delighted because she was previously denied every opportunity to enter. She and Jesse bring back Terabithia in even greater splendor, with Jesse as king and his sister as princess.'] ["American video game designer Roger Dearly  lives with his pet dalmatian, Pongo, in London. One day, Roger takes Pongo for a walk, and he sets his eyes on a beautiful female Dalmatian named Perdy. After a frantic chase through the streets of London, Roger and Pongo discover that Perdy likes Pongo; and her owner, fashion designer Anita Campbell-Green , falls in love with Roger when they meet in St. James's Park. They get married along with Perdy and Pongo. Anita works as a fashion designer at the House of de Vil. Her boss, the pampered and very glamorous Cruella de Vil , has two passions in life: cigarettes and fur. Anita, inspired by her Dalmatian, designs a coat made with spotted fur. Cruella is intrigued by the idea of making garments out of actual Dalmatians. When she learns that Perdy has given birth to 15 puppies, she offers the couple a decent price for them, but they refuse. Flying into a maniacal rage, Cruella dismisses Anita and seeks revenge against her and Roger. She has her henchmen, Jasper and Horace (Hugh Laurie and [[Mark Williams , steal the puppies and deliver them to her ancient country estate, De Vil Mansion. With the help of the other dogs and animals scattered throughout London, the puppies manage to outwit Jasper and Horace, and escape to a farm, where their parents have been called to wait. But shortly after, Cruella, the glamorous 'city girl', shows up and tries to retrieve them. However, she is kicked into a pig pen full of mud by a horse, she having already been covered in molasses. All of the Dalmatians get home by the Metropolitan Police Service, who then arrest Cruella  and her henchmen. Roger and Anita adopt the other Dalmatians she stole, bringing the total to 101. Roger designs a successful video game featuring Dalmatian puppies as the protagonists and Cruella as the villain, and they move to the English countryside with their millions."] ['{{Plot}} Eeyore, Rabbit, Tigger, and Pooh are working on a plan to get honey from a beehive. This involves getting the bees to move into a new hive by convincing them that Eeyore is a bee. Piglet comes up to them during the attempt, but is effectively told that he is too small to help. The plan goes awry when the bees do not fall for it, but Piglet manages to divert the bees into the new hive using a funnel and then seals the hive shut, trapping the bees. Unfortunately, no one has seen Piglet\'s heroism, having all been hiding from the bees. Piglet, feeling uncared for, wanders sadly away. Then, Pooh, Rabbit, Tigger, and Eeyore start running from the bees after they broke out of the fake hive and into Piglet\'s house. After finding Piglet\'s scrapbook, they all notice that Piglet is missing, assume that he has been scared off by, or kidnapped by the bees and decide to try and find him. They are joined by Roo and together the five friends search for Piglet. They are aided in this search by Piglet\'s scrapbook, in which he has drawn pictures of the adventures that he has shared with his friends. The characters use the pictures to tell the stories depicted therein. One of the stories told is the expedition to find the North Pole, where Piglet uses a long stick to save Roo . His heroism is overlooked when he gives the stick to Pooh and tries to catch Roo, who has been catapulted into the air during the rescue attempt. Christopher Robin arrives as Roo is caught by his mother and then credits Pooh with finding the North Pole . Back in the present, the friends regret not sharing the praise with Piglet. Another story told is the building of the House at Pooh Corner. Here Piglet comes up with the idea to build Eeyore a house and he and Pooh are joined by Tigger to build it. Tigger and Pooh do most of the work, whilst Piglet, unintentionally, gets in the way. The final house, however, is a disaster, but Tigger and Pooh go off to tell Eeyore about the house. Unfortunately, the house is being held together by Piglet, who eventually loses his grip and the house collapses. Tigger and Pooh go to inform Eeyore of the bad news, but Piglet arrives to tell them all that the house is fine. It is revealed that he rebuilt the house himself, but the location remains as Pooh Corner, since Pooh "would call it Pooh and Piglet Corner, if Pooh Corner didn\'t sound better, which it does, being smaller and more like a Corner". Back in the present, an argument between Rabbit and Tigger ends with the scrapbook falling apart and then falling into the river. Without their guide, the friends return to Piglet\'s house and, after a time, start to draw new pictures of Piglet and his adventures, some of which are new. Then, the friends again resolve to find their missing Piglet and go back out to find him. They come across several pictures from the scrapbook, which have floated downstream and then find the books bindings, suspended on a broken hollow old log, overhanging a raging waterfall. Pooh goes to retrieve it, but falls into a hole in the log. The others try to reach him, but the rescue attempt is just too short. Just as they ask who can help, Piglet arrives and helps haul Pooh to safety just as the log begins to collapse. Eeyore, Rabbit, Roo, and Tigger are now standing by the edge of the ravine, next to the waterfall, but the log inside which Pooh and Piglet were trapped has fallen far into the waters below. The survivors begin to cry and are joined by sad-looking Pooh and Piglet, who have managed to escape. Happy, the friends take Piglet to show him their new drawings, including a large one of Piglet dressed as a knight in shining armour. The next day they hold a party, but Pooh interrupts, taking Piglet to Eeyore\'s house, where he has changed the sign to read Pooh and Piglet Corner; "the least [they] could do for a little Piglet, who has done such big things!".'] ["Sophianna, a crippled orphan girl, sets out to find Santa's stolen toy sack, which is a magical source of toys since it was made from the baby Jesus' swaddling clothes. She is helped in her quest by one of Santa's elves, one of Santa's young reindeer, a fox and a polar bear."] ["{{Expand section}} In Disney's fifth installment to the franchise, Air Bud finds that he also has the uncanny ability to play volleyball. Throughout this experience he and a talking parrot stop some crooks and make some new friends."] ['{{unclear}} The Little Vampire is based on a young boy named Tony Thompson  who travels from California to Scotland. Tony is an only child, and he has no friends and is often bullied at school by his two male classmates who happen to be the grandsons of his father\'s boss. It seems as though he has suffered his first year at his new school. However, he starts to have recurring nightmares about vampires. Tony\'s life starts to get interesting; he meets a young vampire named Rudolph , who soon becomes his best friend, after the go over saving each others life. Rudolph\'s siblings are Anna  who develops a crush on Tony, and Gregory . Rudolph\'s family have been looking for a mystical stone to turn them human, but something gets in their way; an evil vampire hunter named Rookery . He wants the stone to send all the vampires to hell. After searching for the stone in many places, including the tomb of two vampires that last owned the stone, a vision occurred to Tony. The vision was the stone in his room. the stone is buried under the floorboards and is the reason for Tony\'s constant nightmares. Tony is captured by Rookery, but with the help of Rudolph, Tony is safe. They return to the cliffs were the vampires gather to the sound of "the call" . A battle ensues, Rookery comes up hanging with a rope on Tony\'s father Bob\'s  blip. Rookery is murdered by Tony\'s father, who pushes him off the cliff to his death. Tony turns all the vampires back to human. While Rudolph and his family moved into a house near the Halloween Festival where Tony and his parents attend, Tony later reunites with Rudolph and Anna when Tony performs the mystical whistle Anna had taught him earlier.'] ['Molly Mahoney , called Mahoney throughout the movie, is an employee at "Mr. Magorium\'s Wonder Emporium", a magical toy shop run by the eccentric 243 year old Mr. Edward Magorium . Besides Molly and Mr. Magorium, store bookbuilder Bellini , a strongman, is also employed. Eric Applebaum  is a boy who comes to the toy store and regularly interacts with the adults and volunteers at the store, acting at times like a part-time employee. The toy shop is magical. The toys have a life of their own. An over-sized ledger, known as the Big Book, can magically materialize any toy on command, and a doorknob, when rotated, can change the interior of a magic room. Mr. Magorium states that he imbued the shop with the same youthful characteristics of the children who visit it. Because of its similarity to children, the shop is also prone to temper tantrums. In response to Mahoney telling Mr. Magorium that she feels stuck, he gives her the Congreve Cube, a big block of wood, and tells her it will guide her to a new life and adventure if she has faith in it. She is unsure what to do with the cube at first. Mahoney wants to become a composer and concert pianist, because she was a musical child prodigy. She went to school for music, but has not been able to write any music since graduating. At home, she works on a concerto with little progress. Mr. Magorium suddenly announces that he intends to "leave" and is giving the shop to Mahoney to provide her with the means to move forward and become "unstuck" in life. When Mahoney expresses her upset and doubts about her ability to run the store, the store throws a tantrum, causing all the toys and its inner workings to go haywire, ambushing customers of all ages. In preparation for his departure, Mr. Magorium hires an accountant, Henry Weston , to organize the shop\'s paperwork and determine the monetary value of the store he will leave as a legacy to Mahoney. Henry does not believe that the toy store is magical at all at first, arguing with Molly over its magical properties and debating the actuality of Magorium\'s records. Mahoney finally realizes that Mr. Magorium is leaving not to retire but because he is going to die. Desperate to stop this, Mahoney rushes him to a mental hospital where after a little mischief, he is discharged the next day because there is "nothing physically wrong with him." After leaving the hospital, Mr. Magorium asks Mahoney how she is doing with the Congreve Cube. She states there are a million things she could do with a block of wood but she doesn\'t have a clue how to unlock the cube\'s secret. Mr. Magorium then tells her that there are a million things one could do with a block of wood, but what if someone just believed in the cube? Mahoney does not understand but attempts to prevent Mr. Magorium\'s departure by showing him the joys of life, but he has lived a full life and it is time for his story to end. He uses the stage notes of Shakespeare\'s King Lear to make the point about the importance of having a full life, and the importance of death, noting that the last lines of one of the most important pieces of literature are simply "He dies." Mahoney, Eric and all the children have a funeral for him. Believing herself to be unworthy and incapable of owning a magical store, Mahoney puts it up for sale with Henry\'s firm overseeing the sale. The store grieves and loses its magic. All the toys, walls, and even the furniture lose their color, becoming varying shades of gray and black. Eric tries to reason with Mahoney over her decision to sell the store when he sees her at a restaurant playing background music. Henry meets Mahoney at the store to draw up the sale papers, where he sees the Congreve Cube and asks her about it. When Mahoney confesses her complete faith in the store and the Congreve Cube\'s magical ability, the block suddenly springs to life, and proceeds to fly around the store. After witnessing this, Henry faints with shock. When he later awakes and questions Mahoney about it, she tells him that it must have been a dream as she went home the previous night, leaving him to finalize the paperwork for the sale. Henry is not deterred as he knows Molly made the cube fly and though she does not believe she can do magical and wonderful things, he believes in her. Henry realizes Mahoney is the Congreve Cube. The block of wood that can be anything she desires if she can somehow believe in herself. Henry\'s whole hearted belief in Mahoney ignites a tiny spark in her and for a second she believes. The store responds to her spark of belief and continues to respond as her confidence builds until the entire store magnificently transforms. The magic and color return as Mahoney\'s symphony comes into existence.'] ["Aly Michalka and AJ Michalka star as Taylor and Courtney Callum, two thoroughly spoiled yet well-intentioned sisters whose widower father, Reed Callum ([[Jack Coleman , owns Callum Dairy. Taylor has just gotten her license, after almost failing it at the beginning of the movie. But then their lives turn upside down. One day they leave the house to depart for a shopping trip, but leave a towel on the stove, starting a house fire. Shocked by their carelessness, and deciding the girls should start making their own cash, Reed puts them to work at the dairy to show them responsibility about running a business. Their dad goes out of town, looking for a rare butterfly to add to his collection. This leaves the girls to look after the dairy. When the girls start working at the dairy, they are at their worst nightmare. They mess up almost every step of the way, such as tripping and splashing blueberries on themselves, and then dropping Courtney's cell phone into one of the full yogurt cups. All the employees think they are stuck-up and don't believe that they can do their job. Soon after they start working there and doing their jobs better, someone steals all the money out of the businesses' bank account. It is then up to the girls to come up with a plan to save the dairy, and the jobs of those who are working, but no one believes in them. Taylor has changed her nature and asks Courtney if she can use her party money to pay for the employees' paychecks, or else they will leave Callum Dairy. Taylor and Courtney are at a meeting with the othe employes when Taylor tricks Courtney into leaving to get her cell phone, she says that she will get the money, but still no one believes her. Without consulting Courtney, Taylor uses her party money for the employees, thus causing a very big fight between the two of them. Courtney ignores Taylor in every possible way. They have a fight at work when Courtney is putting in the numbers for the expiry dates. Even though they have the money to pay the employers' paychecks, money still goes missing, but they have worst problems. Their milk is going bad. Just when things are about to go sour , Reed comes back along with volunteers as they managed to pull through the evening."] ["Susan  and her brother Johnny  come across an old map that may be a clue in finding gold, while staying at their aunt and uncle's house. Susan has been having nightmares about Rachel, a young girl who vanished in 1889 from a nearby mansion when her parents were killed by bank robbers. The siblings make friends with Billy and soon began their search for the treasure as well as find out what happened to Rachel."] ['Chanticleer  is a proud rooster whose singing wakes the sun up every morning . His singing keeps the other animals happy and the farm free from downpours. However, one morning, Chanticleer is attacked by another rooster sent by the "Grand Duke of Owls" . Chanticleer wins, but forgets to crow and the sun rises without his singing. The other animals reject him and drive him out of the farm, causing a perpetual rainstorm and the beginning of the Grand Duke\'s reign of terror on the farm. The story then reveals to be a storybook that a mother named Dory  reads to her child, Edmond , who becomes increasingly concerned about the impending flood on the family\'s farm. As his family leaves to help battle the storm, Edmond calls for Chanticleer to come back. Instead he is confronted by the Grand Duke of Owls, who expresses anger over Edmond\'s apparent lack of consideration for the needs of the owls and subsequently transforms Edmond into a kitten as punishment.{{cite book}} Before the Grand Duke can devour Edmond, he is distracted by the appearance of Patou the Basset Hound  and is driven away by the shine of a flashlight, which is his only weakness. Astonished by his transformation, the farm animals tell Edmond that they also seek Chanticleer\'s return, as his crowing is the only thing that can bring sunlight back to their farm. Edmond teams up with Patou, Snipes the magpie  and Peepers the mouse  and they make their way to the City, where they hope to find Chanticleer. Meanwhile, at the Grand Duke\'s lair , the Grand Duke is alerted of Edmond\'s journey to the city by his pygmy nephew Hunch , who the Grand Duke then sends off to stop Edmond and the other animals, who are floating on the flood. After fending off an attack from Hunch and the rest of the Grand Duke\'s owl henchmen, Edmond and the others finally reach the city, where they begin their search for Chanticleer. After a few hours, they finally find Chanticleer, who now makes a living as a famous Elvis impersonator, arousing the jealousy of a fellow performer, a pheasant named Goldie . Edmond and friends try to talk to Chanticleer, but are pushed aside by a group of singing toads acting as bouncers. Once the Grand Duke finds out where they went, he sends Hunch after them, but, fearing the bright lights of the city, the Grand Duke gives him a pair of protective sunglasses to prevent the light from hurting him. The flood worsens and the farm animals lose communication with Edmond and the others as the Grand Duke and his owls wait for the batteries in the animals\' flashlight to run out, knowing that it runs out eventually. Edmond and his friends disguise themselves and manage to send a note to Chanticleer, but he is distracted by Goldie, who has fallen in love with him. Edmond\'s attempt to reason with Goldie results in him and his friends being captured by the bodyguards and locked away in a trailer. Hunch breaks into the trailer and tries to do away with the group, but his failure inadvertently sets them all free. Out of guilt, Goldie shows Chanticleer the note that Edmond sent him and the two ride off on a prop motorcycle to save their friends. Chanticleer and the gang manage to flee from the bodyguards in an intense car chase and steal a helicopter, which they use to make their way back to the farm, where the farm animals have run out of batteries in their flashlight again and are about to be eaten by the Grand Duke and his owls. After using the helicopter\'s searchlight to temporarily drive off the owls, Edmond and the others try to get Chanticleer to crow, but he is out of practice and soon gives up. The Duke taunts Chanticleer in his stupor and strangles Edmond into unconsciousness when he chants for Chanticleer. Awed by Edmond\'s courage, Patou and the other animals chant the rooster\'s name in unison, causing the Duke to transform himself into a tornado. Finally regaining his confidence, Chanticleer crows loud enough for the sun to rise, shrinking the Duke down into a harmless miniature version of himself. Hunch, eager for revenge, attacks his uncle with a flyswatter. The floods then begin to subside. Believing that Edmond has died, the animals mourn him until he transforms back into a human boy since his punishment ended because he learned the error of his ways and stopped being afriad, causing the Duke\'s spell to break. Edmond awakes in the real world, finding it was all just a dream. Nevertheless, Edmond still believes in Chanticleer, using his imagination to visit the world of Chanticleer once more.'] ['Brunhilde is a fish-girl who lives with her father Fujimoto, a once-human wizard who now lives underwater, and her numerous smaller sisters. One day, while she and her siblings are on an outing with their father in his four-flippered submarine, Brunhilde is driven by a desire to see even more of the world and floats away on the back of a jellyfish. After an encounter with a fishing trawler , she ends up stuck in a bottle. She drifts to the shore of a small fishing town and is found and rescued by a small boy named Sōsuke. He cuts his finger in the process, but Brunhilde licks his wound when he picks her up, and the wound heals almost instantly. After taking a great liking to her, Sōsuke renames her Ponyo and promises to protect her forever. Meanwhile, a distraught Fujimoto is searching frantically for his daughter. Because of his own bad memories of the human world, he believes that Sōsuke has kidnapped her, and he calls his wave spirits to recover her. After the wave spirits take Ponyo away, Sōsuke is heartbroken and goes home with his mother, Lisa, who tries to cheer him up, to no avail. Ponyo and Fujimoto have a confrontation, during which Ponyo refuses to let her father call her by her birthname, "Brunhilde". She declares her name to be Ponyo and voices her desire to become human, because she has started to fall in love with Sōsuke. Suddenly she starts to grow legs and turn into a human, a power granted to her by the human blood she ingested when she licked Sōsuke\'s finger. Her father turns her back with difficulty and goes to summon Ponyo\'s mother, Granmamare. Meanwhile, Ponyo, with the help of her sisters, breaks away from her father and uses his magic to make herself fully human. The huge amount of magic that she inadvertently releases into the ocean causes an imbalance in the world, resulting in a huge tsunami. Running pell-mell over the waves of the storm, Ponyo goes back to visit Sōsuke, who is amazed but overjoyed to see her. Lisa is equally amazed, but takes Ponyo\'s transformation in stride. Lisa, Sōsuke, and Ponyo wait out the storm at Sōsuke\'s house, with the new world an amazing journey of discovery for Ponyo. Worried about the residents of the nursing home where she works, Lisa leaves to check up on them, promising Sōsuke that she will return as soon as possible. Granmamare arrives at Fujimoto\'s submarine. On her way there, Sōsuke\'s father sees and recognizes her as the Goddess of Mercy. Fujimoto notices the moon appears to be falling out of its orbit and satellites are falling like shooting stars, symptoms of the dangerous imbalance of nature that now exists. Granmamare declares that if Sōsuke can pass a test, Ponyo can live as a human and the world order will be restored. A still-worried Fujimoto reminds her that if Sōsuke fails the test, Ponyo will turn into sea foam. Sōsuke and Ponyo wake up to find that most of the land around the house has been covered by the ocean. Since it is impossible for Lisa to come home, the two children decide to find her. With the help of Ponyo\'s magic, they make Sōsuke\'s toy boat life-size and set out across the ocean. Over the course of their journey, they see prehistoric fish swimming beneath them, and encounter several other evacuees in boats. After landing and finding Lisa\'s empty car, Ponyo and Sōsuke head into a tunnel. There Ponyo loses her human form and reverts into a fish. Meanwhile, Lisa and the residents of the nursing home are below the surface, but have been temporarily given the power to breathe underwater. Sōsuke and Ponyo encounter Fujimoto, but Sōsuke doesn\'t trust him and attempts to flee. However, Fujimoto captures them and takes them down to the protected nursing home. Sōsuke is reunited with Lisa and meets Granmamare, with whom Lisa has just had a long private conversation. Granmamare asks Sōsuke if he can love Ponyo whether she is a fish or human. Sōsuke replies that he "loves all the Ponyos." Granmamare then tells her daughter that if she chooses to become human once and for all, she will have to give up her magical powers. Ponyo agrees to this, so Granmamare encases her in a bubble and gives her to Sōsuke, and tells him that kissing the bubble will complete Ponyo\'s transformation. The balance of nature is then restored, and the previously stranded ships head back to port, including Sōsuke\'s father\'s. Ponyo jumps high in the air and kisses Sosuke, transforming back into a human.'] 