['The film opens with Mary Poppins  perched in a cloud high above London in spring 1910."... It\'s grand to be an Englishman in 1910 / King Edward\'s on the throne; it\'s the age of men! ..." George Banks\' opening song \'The Life I Lead\'; King Edward VII of the United Kingdom died 6 May 1910 The action descends to Earth where Bert , a Cockney jack-of-all-trades is performing as a one-man band at a park entrance. The spectators watching him include: Ms. Persimmon , Miss Lark  and Mrs. Corry . He suddenly senses that his good friend is about to return. After the show, he speaks directly to the audience, introducing viewers first to Admiral Boom, who keeps his exterior rooftop "Ship Shape", by firing his cannon at 8:AM and 6:PM each day, and then to the well-to-do but troubled Banks family, headed by the cold and aloof George Banks  and the loving but highly distracted suffragette Winifred Banks . The Bankses\' latest nanny, Katie Nanna , is quitting, exasperated after the Banks children, Jane  and Michael , have run off for the fourth time this week. Ellen, the maid , pleads with her not to leave, but Mrs. Brill, the cook , wishes her good riddance. Mrs. Banks returns home, and engages all four women in a rousing rendition of "Sister Suffragette", before Katie Nanna stalks out. Mr. Banks returns home from his job at the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank, and Mrs. Banks reveals the children are missing. A policeman , arrives with the children, who ask their father to help repair their damaged kite, but he dismisses them and advertises for an authoritarian nanny-replacement. Jane and Michael draft their own advertisement asking for a fun, kind-hearted and caring person, but Mr. Banks tears up the paper and throws it in the fireplace. Unnoticed, the remains of the note float up the dark chimney. The next day, a queue of elderly and disagreeable looking candidates await at the door. However, a strong gust of wind blows the queue away and Mary Poppins floats down, held aloft by her magical umbrella, to apply. Mr. Banks is stunned to see that this calmly defiant new nanny has responded to the children\'s ad despite the fact he destroyed it. Although Mary Poppins recites the ad, she also tells George that she is firm and will also lay down ground rules with the children. As he puzzles, Mary Poppins employs herself and begins work, saying that she will stay for a trial period of one week, before deciding if she will take a permanent position. The children face surprises of their own: Mary possesses a bottomless carpetbag, and makes contents of the children\'s nursery come to life and tidy themselves . The trio then meet Bert, who is a close friend of Mary, in the park at work as a screever, where Mary uses one of his chalk pavement drawings as a gateway to an outing in an animated countryside. While in the drawing, the children ride a merry-go-round while Mary and Bert enjoy a stroll through the countryside, during which Bert dances at an outdoor bistro with four penguin waiters. Mary and Bert join the children on the merry-go-round, from which the horses break loose and take their riders on a trip through the countryside. As they pass by a fox hunt, Bert maneuvers to save an Irish-accented fox from the bloodhounds. Finally the quartet finds themselves in a horse race, which Mary wins. It is here that Mary first employs the nonsense word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious." The outing is interrupted by a rainstorm, which washes away the chalk drawing and returns the travellers, drenched, to the park pavement. That evening, the children ask Mary how long she\'ll stay with them. With a somber expression, she replies, "I shall stay until the wind changes". The next day, they all visit Bert\'s jovial Uncle Albert , who floats whenever he laughs, and join him in a tea party in mid-air, though Mary finds it childish and ridiculous. They all get down, only when one had to think of "Something Sad", when Mary firmly says: "It is time to go home." Mr. Banks grows increasingly irate with his children\'s stories of their adventures, but Mary effortlessly inverts his attempted dismissal of her services into a plan to take his children with him to the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank, where he is employed. On the way there, as they pass the bank, the children see "The Bird Woman" , of whom Mary sang to them the night before, and they want to feed the birds around her, but George will have none of it as he expresses his lack of interest in what Mary Poppins says and orders his children to "come along" and not mention her name for the rest of the day. Upon arriving at the bank, Mr. Dawes Jr  and Mr. Dawes Sr —Mr. Banks\' employers—aggressively try to persuade Michael to invest his tuppence in the bank to the point of actually snatching it out of his hand without waiting for his permission. When Michael protests, the other customers misunderstand and start a run on the bank that forces the bank to suspend business. The Bank Guard  chases the children causing the children to flee and wander into the slums of the East End of London. Fortunately, they run into Bert, now employed as a chimney sweep. He takes them safely home, explaining that their father does not hate them, but that he has problems of his own, and that unlike the children, has no one to turn to but himself. At home, a departing Mrs. Banks employs Bert to clean the family\'s chimney and mind the children. Mary Poppins arrives back from her day off and warns of the dangers of this activity, but is too late as the children are both sucked up the chimney to the roof. Bert and Mary follow them and lead a tour of the rooftops of London that concludes with a joyful dance with Bert\'s chimney-sweep colleagues. A volley of fireworks from the Banks\' eccentric neighbour, Admiral Boom , who mistakes them for Hottentots, orders Mr. Binnacle  to set off the fireworks which sends the entire gathering back down a different chimney, which turns out to be the Banks\' chimney. Mr. Banks arrives home, causing the chimney sweepers to depart outside the home, and out into the street, where they disappear from view within less than half a minute. Their departure conclude the festivities. Banks angrily inquires Mary Poppins what was the meaning of this, in which Mary replies that she never explains anything. Banks then receives a phone call from work ordering him to return immediately for disciplinary action. As Mr. Banks gathers his strength, Bert points out that while Mr. Banks does need to make a living, his offspring\'s childhood will come and go in a blink of an eye, and he needs to be there for them while he can. The Banks children approach their father to apologize, and Michael gives Mr. Banks his tuppence in the hope that it will make things all right. Banks gently accepts the offering. A somber and thoughtful Mr. Banks walks alone through the night-time streets, for the first time noticing several of the buildings around him, including the cathedral and steps on which the bird woman was sitting earlier. At the bank, he is formally humiliated and sacked for causing the first run on the bank since 1773 . However, after being at a loss when ordered to give a statement, Mr. Banks invokes Mary Poppins\' all-purpose word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!" to tweak Mr. Dawes. He gives Dawes the tuppence, tells the old man one of Bert\'s and Uncle Albert\'s jokes, and raucously departs. Dawes mulls over the joke, finally "gets it" and floats up into the air, laughing. The next morning, the wind has changed direction, and so Mary must depart. Meanwhile, the Banks adults cannot find Mr. Banks, and fear that he might have become suicidal. However, Mr. Banks, now loving and joyful, reappears with the now-mended kite and cheerfully summons his children. The greatly relieved Mrs. Banks supplies a tail for the kite, using one of her suffragette ribbons. They all leave the house without a backward glance as Mary Poppins watches from a window. In the park with other kite-flyers, Mr. Banks meets Mr. Dawes Jr., now in charge of the bank, who says that his father literally died laughing. Instead of being upset, the son is delighted his father died happy and re-employs Mr. Banks to fill the opening as junior partner. Her work done, Mary Poppins takes to the air with a fond farewell from Bert , telling her not to stay away too long.'] ['Joe Snow, a snowman, recounts how the Muppet Theater was going through financial hardship, and the Muppets seeking Kermit the Frog for guidance. Kermit eventually feels he is not useful to anyone and Daniel, an angel, brings this up with his Boss as they review what has gone on with Kermit in the past hours. Hours earlier, Kermit prepares a Christmas show with his fellow Muppets with Bobo the Bear playing Santa Claus. Kermit is approached by Rachel Bitterman, a banker/real estate agent who says that she will foreclose the Muppet Theater if Kermit does not pay her. Pepe the King Prawn leaves the Muppets because he has fallen in love with Bitterman. While trying to raise money to pay Rachel, Kermit tries to find a celebrity to participate in his Christmas play to no avail. Meanwhile, after learning from Pepe that the deadline is midnight, Bitterman changes it to 6:00&nbsp;p.m. When he sees her with another boy-toy however, Pepe leaves her and warns Kermit about the deadline change. Upon learning this, Kermit sends Fozzie to deliver the money to Bitterman. Fozzie confronts a crazed nature-show host, a laser array, and a gang of Whos after being dyed green at a Christmas tree lot and mistaken for the Grinch. Fozzie goes through the steam baths and ends up back to normal. When Fozzie eventually makes it to the bank and Bitterman\'s office, he discovers too late that he has grabbed the wrong bag containing clothes for the Salvation Army following his incident at the Christmas tree lot. After witnessing these events, the Boss allows Daniel to help Kermit. When Daniel arrives, he ends up showing Kermit what would have happened to his friends if he had not existed. In the world without Kermit, Bitterman has changed the park near the Muppet Theater into a shopping center. Gonzo is now homeless, and Rizzo the Rat stars in an episode of Fear Factor where a woman has to eat him alive. Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem perform Irish stepdance. Doc Hopper\'s French Fried Frog Legs has become a famous restaurant franchise. The Muppet Theater has become a nightclub called Club Dot. Dr. Bunsen Honeydew became a rapper, Beaker became a nightclub bouncer, Scooter and Sam the Eagle are club-dancing ravers, and Fozzie Bear is now a thief living on the streets. Miss Piggy is a spinster who lives in an apartment with a series of cats, working from home as a phone psychic with a fake Jamaican accent. Kermit has Daniel restore him back to his reality and returns to the Muppet Theater. However, Bitterman arrives to shut the theater down and fights with Miss Piggy. Pepe arrives and announces he has made the Muppet Theater into a historical landmark, foiling Bitterman\'s plan. Outside, the Muppets and Joe Snow sing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas."'] ['{{plot}} The story begins with Mortimer Folchart  and his wife, Resa  reading the fairy tale "Little Red Riding Hood" to their baby daughter Meggie. As Mo reads the story, a red velvet hood appears as a narrator explains that people known as "Silver Tongues" are born with the gift that whenever they read a story out loud, the story becomes real. 12 years later, Mortimer and Meggie  are in the European countrysides looking for a book. Mo has learned of his gifts, and nine years prior, Resa had vanished, much to the distress of her extended family. Hearing the calling of books from a bookstore one day, Mo ventures inside. He finds the book Inkheart and is overwhelmed with a mixture of fear and joy. At the same time, Dustfinger , a character from Inkheart appears and attempts to persuade Mo to read him back into the book. Mo refuses to do so and hastily escapes with Meggie and travels to Italy to pay a visit to Meggie\'s great aunt Elinor Loredan . Elinor accuses Resa of running off, which upsets Meggie, but the two make amends when expressing their mutual passion for valuable books, and Elinor lets Meggie stay in her library to read. Dustfinger appears again, but this time having informed the book\'s villain Capricorn  and bringing his minion Basta  to capture Mo and his family and take back the book, in the meantime destroying Elinor\'s valuable collection of books. The trio are taken to Capricorn\'s castle and imprisoned in the stables, which house various creatures from storybooks, such as the ticking Crocodile from Peter Pan, flying monkeys from The Wizard of Oz, and the title character of The Hound of the Baskervilles, as well as the minotaur from the story of Theseus and a unicorn. Mo explains his gift to Meggie and Elinor, stating that when he reads a person out of a book, someone from the real world is sent into it, hence the disappearance of his wife. They are abruptly taken to meet with Capricorn, and meet his current reader Darius ([[John Thomson , whose perpetual stutter had caused those he had read out of the book to only come halfway out of the story, with various deformities and the words of the stories written on their faces. Capricorn breaks his promise to Dustfinger to have him read back into the book, and throws it onto the fire, burning it. In his despair, Dustfinger leaves the group and runs to the kitchen, where he learns that one of the servant girls, a trusted friend of his who is constantly attempting to escape, is in fact Mo\'s lost wife Resa, whose halfway transition from the book she was trapped in has left her without a voice. He gives her the access to escape and departs. After reading from The Arabian Nights and giving Capricorn a stash of treasure, one of Ali Baba\'s thieves, Farid , is summoned from the story and joins the storyteller and his family in imprisonment. Dustfinger opts not to tell Mo that his wife is in the village and prompts a quick escape using the famous cyclone from The Wizard of Oz. After they escape, Meggie offers the idea that only the author of Inkheart, Fenoglio (Jim Broadbent  may have access to a copy of the rare-to-find book. After learning of the author\'s location and traveling to his town, Elinor decides to leave to recover what is left of her book collection. Dustfinger stays behind with Farid partly in order to teach him how to juggle fire, but also due to the fact he is afraid of learning his fate at the end of the book. Fenoglio cannot resist approaching his creation and inadvertently blurts out that Dustfinger dies in the novel while saving his marten Gwin. This devastates the fire juggler, who states that the writer is not his god, and he can deem whatever fate he chooses. While Mo attempts to find a way of reading Resa out of the book, Dustfinger has no choice but to confess that she was at Capricorn\'s village, prompting him and Mo to take Fenoglio\'s car and leave Meggie behind with Fenoglio. They discover that Farid had stowed away in the car\'s trunk, and take him along at his insistence. Elsewhere, Elinor has a change of heart and does not take the train back to Italy. Meanwhile, Meggie learns that she has inherited her father\'s gift when she accidentally summons Toto from The Wizard of Oz. Basta comes and takes Meggie and Fenoglio back to Capricorn\'s village. Capricorn intends to use Meggie to read the Shadow, Inkheart\'s supernatural and most deadly villain, out of the book and into the real world, using a copy of the book he had secretly kept to himself. After a brief reunion with her mother, Meggie is coerced into cooperating or risk Capricorn killing Resa. Elinor in the meantime discovers Fenoglio\'s ransacked apartment and rents a motorbike to save her family. As Mo, Farid and Dustfinger work on a plan of burning down Capricorn\'s castle, Dustfinger is captured. After escaping his cell, he attempts to free Meggie and Fenoglio who is working on a way to rewrite the ending of the Shadow for her to read. He is unable to free them, and flees, only to return at his conscience  beckoning. Meggie is escorted out to read the Shadow out of the book, and Fenoglio and Resa are caged to be his first meal. Fenoglio manages to use Toto to give her a page that he had written, and she manages to call off the Shadow. In the scuffle, she loses the rewrite and Shadow attempts again to kill Resa, Fenoglio, and Mo, who had intervened in the fight. Mo gives Meggie a pen to write her own ending, and using her arm, Meggie manages to send all the book characters back to their own stories, and at Fenoglio\'s request, sends him into the Inkheart world as well. Dustfinger misses his chance to return, and departs when Elinor, Resa, Mo and Meggie embrace, where Meggie discovers that Inkheart had been taken. Farid catches up with Dustfinger, insisting on traveling with him to find another reader to send Dustfinger back into the copy of Inkheart that Farid had stolen before the castle collapsed. After a moment\'s hesitation, Dustfinger agrees, and the two start off together, only to have Mo come up to fulfill his promise to return Dustfinger to his book. Dustfinger is transported safely back into Inkheart, where he reunites with his wife Roxane . Farid reveals to the family that Dustfinger\'s fate has been changed, as he pulls Gwin out of a travel pack he is carrying, and without the marten to sacrifice himself for, Dustfinger is again in control of his destiny. Meggie and Resa invite Farid to live with them, and Meggie agrees to teach him how to read and Farid agrees to teach her how to use the dragon fire.'] ['A doe gives birth to a fawn named Bambi, who will one day take over the position of Great Prince of the Forest, a title currently being held by Bambi\'s father, who guards the woodland creatures from the dangers of hunters. The baby fawn is quickly befriended by an eager, energetic rabbit named Thumper, who helps to teach him to walk and speak. Bambi grows up very attached to his mother, who he constantly spends time with. He soon meets other friends, including a baby skunk named Flower and a female fawn named Faline, as well as his powerful, majestic father, the Great Prince of the Forest. Curious and inquisitive, Bambi frequently asks about the world around him and is cautioned about the dangers of life as a forest creature by his loving mother. During Bambi\'s first winter, his mother is shot and killed by a deer hunter while trying to help her son find food, leaving the little fawn mournful and alone. Taking pity on his abandoned son, the Great Prince leads Bambi home. Upon the arrival of spring, Bambi has matured into a young stag, and his childhood friends have also entered adulthood as well. They are warned of "twitterpation" by Friend Owl and that they will eventually fall in love, albeit the trio view the concept of romance with scorn and trudge off. However, along the way, Thumper and Flower both encounter their beautiful romantic counterparts and abandon their former thoughts on love to remain with their new romantic interests, and soon Bambi encounters his friend Faline as a gorgeous doe. However, their relationship is quickly interrupted and challenged by a belligerent stag called Ronno, who attempts to force Faline away from Bambi. Fortunately Bambi successfully manages to earn rights to the doe\'s affections by conquering Ronno in battle. Bambi is awakened shortly afterward by the smell of smoke, and is warned of a wildfire by his father. The two flee to safety, although Bambi is separated from Faline in the turmoil and searches for her along the way. He soon finds her cornered by vicious hunting dogs, which he manages to ward off, and he makes it with his father, Faline, and the forest animals to shelter on a riverbank. The following spring, Faline gives birth to twins under Bambi\'s watchful eye as the new Great Prince of the Forest.'] ["When no people are around, the toys still play in the playroom. But since a toy will be frozen forever if a person catches it out of position, they have to be very careful. It's Christmas Eve, and Rugby the Tiger remembers how he was the favorite Christmas toy last year and wants to be the favorite again this year, as not to be replaced by another toy. However, he doesn't stop to think that if Jamie unwrapped him again this year, she'd see him out of his normal place that she usually puts him and he'd be frozen forever. It's up to Apple the Doll, whom Rugby supplanted as favorite toy, to tell him what's in store. But Rugby won't believe her, and tries to get into the Christmas package and lets Meteora, Queen of the Asteroids loose. Unfortunately, she doesn't know she's a toy, and thinks she's landed among aliens. And it's up to Apple, Mew , and the other toys to get Rugby out of the box and Meteora back in it before they're found and frozen forever."] [' While living in The Bronx, the Mousekewitz family find that conditions are not as ideal as they had hoped, as they are still struggling against the attacks of mouse-hungry cats. Fievel spends his days thinking about the wild west dog-sheriff Wylie Burp, while his sister, Tanya, dreams of becoming a singer. Meanwhile, Tiger\'s girlfriend Miss Kitty leaves him to find a new life out West, tired of the life of an alley cat, and remarking that perhaps she\'s looking for a cat that is "more like a dog." In the alleys, a regal feline named Cat R. Waul devises a plan to deliver the mice into his clutches. He first launches a full-scale cat attack to drive all the mice to the sewers, specifically ordering his fellow cats to not eat any of them. Using a mouse-cowpoke marionette, he then entices the neighborhood mice, including the Mousekewitzs, into moving to a better life out west. Tiger chases the train, trying to catch up with his friends, but is thrown off course by a pack of angry dogs. While on the west-bound train, Fievel wanders into the livestock car, where he overhears the cats revealing their plot to turn them into "mouse burgers." After being discovered, Fievel is thrown from the train by Cat R. Waul\'s hench-spider, T.R. Chula, landing the mouse in the middle of the desert. The Mousekewitzes are heartbroken once again over the loss of Fievel and arrive at Green River with heavy hearts. Upon arrival at Green River, the Mousekewitzs begin to find a suitable home, positive that their son Fievel would find them once again. Papa helps his family set up a home under an old water tower, explaining while other mice would scamper for a land to live in, a smart mouse would live closer to water in the dusty country. However, Chula soon blocks up the water tower, drying up the river. Cat R. Waul approaches the mice and proposes to build a better community where cats and mice can live together in peace. Meanwhile, Fievel is wandering aimlessly through the desert, as is Tiger, who has found his way out west as well, and the two pass each other. However, each one figures that the other is a mirage and they continue on their separate ways. Tiger is captured by a tribe of Native American mice and their leader hails him as a deity, after seeing how Tiger looks like a rock formation. Fievel is picked up by a hawk and dropped over the Native American mouse village when their fireworks scare and explode on the bird, making his feathers pop out of his body, reuniting Fievel with Tiger. Tiger chooses to stay in the village while Fievel catches a passing tumbleweed, which takes him to Green River. As soon as Fievel makes his arrival, he quickly reunites with his family. He then tries to expose Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions, but the mouse inhabitants are oblivious to the danger. Inside a local saloon that is under construction, Fievel learns of the cats\' real plan before he is discovered. He confronts Cat R. Waul and is almost eaten in the process. However, Cat R. Waul is distracted when Tanya, Fievel\'s older sister, sings while working and is enchanted by her voice. He sends Tanya to Miss Kitty, who\'s now a diva, and she reveals that she came out west at the request of Cat R. Waul - an action she now seems to regret. Cat R Waul tells Miss Kitty to put Tanya on stage. With a little encouragement from Miss Kitty, Tanya performs to positive feedback. Meanwhile, Fievel is chased by Chula and briefly taken prisoner, but escapes. While walking out of town, Fievel stops to talk with an old hound sleeping outside the jail, discovering that the saturnine dog is in fact the legendary Wylie Burp he looked up to back in New York. Fievel convinces Wylie to help the mice\'s plight. Wylie asks him to find a dog for him to train, but he instead recruits Tiger to be trained as a lawman and as a dog. Tiger is reluctant at first, but relents at the suggestion that a new persona might win back Miss Kitty. After an eventually successful training session to work on Tiger\'s skills, the trio go back to Green River to fight the cats, who had scheduled to kill the mice at sunset. At Green River, a giant mousetrap has been disguised as bleachers for a ceremony honoring the opening of Cat R. Waul\'s saloon. But before the trap can be tripped, the three foil the plot using their wits and their slingshots to combat Cat R. Waul\'s feline henchmen. Tanya and Ms. Kitty soon learn of Cat R. Waul\'s true intentions and gets the rest of the mice to get off the trap. But towards the end of the fight, Chula captures Ms. Kitty as hostage, threatening to drop her from the tower. Tiger is enraged and overcomes his Arachnophobia by unleashing his "inner dog" to save Ms. Kitty and using a pitchfork and Chula\'s web as a lasso with the spider trapped on it, and then hurtles Cat R. Waul and his gang out of town by using the mouse trap. The cats fly into the air, then land into a mailbag. A passing train picks up the bag and leaves, and Cat R. Waul gets reluctantly adopted by a passenger. Enchanted by his new personality, Miss Kitty and Tiger are reunited. Tanya becomes a famous singer  and the water tower flows with water again, making Green River bloom with flowers. As the mice celebrate their freedom from the cats, Fievel finds Wylie Burp walking away from the party to watch the sunset on the prairie and joins him. Wylie hands Fievel his sheriff badge, although Fievel is unsure about taking it, since he feels he is not a traditional hero, but Wylie reminds him that, if it were not for Fievel, he would still be a washed up dog. He realizes his journey is still not over and that one day that he will be a hero.'] ['Main character John McKenna  is a spiritual being who is able to transform into bear, wolf or eagle. He lives in the forests of Tanglewood and has dedicated his life to protect them. One day a gang of evil loggers led by Travis Thorne  arrive in Tanglewood to chop the forest down. McKenna cannot let this happen, and together with his new friends - Lords of the Tanglewood, a band of children who love to play in the forest - he battles against Thorne and his evil gang.'] ['The Stingiest Man in Town is the tale of Ebenezer Scrooge, told through the perspective of narrator B.A.H. Humbug  obviously a word play on Scrooge\'s catch phrase, "bah humbug". Scrooge  is portrayed as the tightwad Charles Dickens intended him to be with his consistent resistance to assist the poor or even have Christmas dinner with his nephew Fred, performed by Dennis Day and his family. In hopes of resuscitating the goodness of his one-time friend, the ghost of Jacob Marley , Scrooge\'s former business partner, visits Scrooge in his mansion, exhorting him to change his ways. Scrooge deems this to be madness and soon prepares for bed. Nevertheless, Scrooge\'s attitude soon changes after a fateful night wherein three ghosts also visit him and take him through his past and present, and show him what his future would be like if he does not change. Scrooge sees a younger caricature of himself, voiced by Robert Morse and realizes how greedy and miserly he has become. The Ghost of Christmas Present  proceeds to take Scrooge to the home of his diligent employee Bob Cratchit and discovers just how much poverty Cratchit and his family wallow in. Cratchit\'s crippled son Tiny Tim  touches Scrooge\'s heart and instigates a transformation within his personality. The production concludes with Scrooge assisting those less fortunate than himself.'] ['{{plot}} Darren Shan  and his best friend, Steve Leonard , go to a traveling freak show and Steve recognizes one of the performers as a vampire. Steve goes to see the vampire, Larten Crepsley , after the show and tries to convince him to turn him into a vampire. Crepsley insists that becoming a vampire means having to give up any hope of a normal life, and Gavner Purl notes that children aren\'t supposed to become vampires anyway. Steve then reveals that he hates his life, and wants to be a vampire more than anything else. Crepsley reluctantly tests Steve\'s blood, but quickly spits it out, saying he has bad blood. Steve furiously swears revenge on Crepsley and leaves. Darren, who is hiding in the cupboard after stealing Crepsley\'s spider, Madam Octa, overhears the whole thing. When Crepsley realizes that Madam Octa has been stolen, Darren flees from the theater with Crepsley hot on his trail. Outside there is a limo waiting for him, which he is told to get into. Inside he meets Desmond Tiny  and mad Vampaneze Murlough ([[Ray Stevenson . Murlough is unimpressed with Darren, but Mr. Tiny is certain he has great potential. They drop Darren off at his house where he sneaks back into his room. The next day at school, Darren tries to take a look at Madam Octa, but Steve catches him and tries to get a close look at her while holding her cage. The bell rings, startling Steve and making him drop the cage, and she escapes. As Madam Octa tries to escape the school she creates chaos and Steve chases her, trying to kill her, and Darren follows after trying to save her. At the last moment Madam Octa slips into Steve\'s shirt, bites him, and makes good her escape. Madam Octa\'s poisonous bite leaves Steve in the hospital, and it is likely he will not survive. Darren then goes to Crepsley to ask for the antidote and is offered a deal by him. Crepsley will keep Darren safe from Mr. Tiny and give him the antidote if Darren becomes a half vampire and Crepsley\'s vampire assistant. They administer the antidote to Steve at the hospital, after which Darren, who still wishes to be rid of Crepsley, sounds the hospital alarm, forcing Crepsley to leave without him. Even as a half-vampire, Darren finds continuing with a normal life too difficult. After nearly attacking his sister out of bloodlust, Darren agrees to leave his family and go to the Cirque Du Freak with Crepsley. He fakes his own death and a funeral is held for him. During the funeral, Steve notices the scars on Darren\'s fingers and realizes he has become a vampire. When Crepsley digs up Darren\'s grave they are attacked by Murlough, who tries to kidnap Darren and make him into a vampaneze. They lose Murlough and return to the Cirque. Darren meets the snake boy, Evra Von , and Rebecca ([[Jessica Carlson , the monkey girl. Meanwhile, Steve is contemplating suicide. Mr. Tiny stops him and offers him a chance to become a Vampaneze, like Murlough. Mr. Tiny tells Steve that he is neither a vampire nor a Vampaneze, but someone with an interest in both. Tiny learns Darren has not fed on humans yet and sends Vampaneze after him, knowing that he will be weak. Darren escapes, so they kidnap Rebecca and have Evra tell Darren to "come home". Meanwhile Mr. Tiny makes contact with Steve and entices him to join his Vampaneze by playing on his resentments and insecurities. Steve is turned into half-Vampaneze and then he and Murlough capture Darren\'s family. Darren arrives home to find his family missing and a flier for Cirque du Freak. Darren arrives at the theater, where Murlough and Steve are waiting for him. They fight, but Darren is weak from not feeding. Crepsley arrives to fight Murlough. Rebecca frees herself, while Mr. Tiny watches from the balcony. Rebecca offers Darren some of her blood. He eventually agrees and fights with Steve using his new powers. Crepsley stabs Murlough and with his dying words Murlough declares that the truce between the two clans is broken. Steve and Darren continue to fight, but Tiny stops them and turns Murlough into a Little Person. Tiny and Steve then leave. Darren\'s family are hypnotized to have forgotten what happened to them. Left by themselves, Rebecca and Darren then share a long heartfelt kiss before being interrupted by Mr. Crepsley. Crepsley gives Darren his own coffin, and Darren accepts his new life as a member of the Cirque du Freak.'] ["A boy named George is magically transformed into a pig. In a dangerous and crazy adventure, the boy, his sister, Kathy, his best friend Freud, and their college housekeeper, Matilda leave for Mexico to try to undo the witchcraft before their parents return from their Paris trip. While gathering ingredients in order for Matilda's grandmother, Berta, to undo the spell, Kathy grows impatient and after insulting both Matilda and Berta, storms off into town, where she befriends two Mexican girls who speak English and have satellite TV. Meanwhile, Freud accidentally loses George to a butcher. With Kathy and her friends, they try to rescue George, in the process of angering the butcher. They are able to get George to Coyote Mountain, under a full moon phase, where a potion has been prepared to return George to normal. Unfortunately, the butcher had followed them, just as the ritual had begun. Matilda and Berta dose the butcher with the potion, turning him into a vulture, while George is restored to normal. They soon return home and act like nothing's happened, except for the fact that George still has a pig's tail."] ["Sinbad , sailor and Prince of Baghdad, seeks permission from Prince Kassim to marry Kassim's sister, Princess Farah . But a spell is placed on Kassim by their evil stepmother, Zenobia , which turns him into a baboon  just as he was going to be crowned caliph. Sinbad sets off with Princess Farah to find an old Greek alchemist named Melanthius , who is said to hold the knowledge to help if anyone can. Sinbad and his crew find Melanthius and his daughter Dione , who agree to help them with their quest. Melanthius tells Sinbad that they must travel to the land of Hyperborea where the ancient civilization of the Arimaspi once existed. There they will find a shrine where Kassim can be cured. Zenobia, her son Rafi , and a bronze golem named Minaton , secretly stalk them. On their quest, Sinbad and his crew encounter a trio of ghouls, a giant wasp , a giant walrus, a troglodyte , and reanimated sabre-toothed cat . In the end, Zenobia and her son are slain. Kassim is restored by the magic of Hyperborea and is crowned caliph."] ['Three unlikely friends set out on a journey to find the dreaded Ghost of Captain LeRouge whose treasure laden ship was lost in the Louisiana bayou over two hundred years ago. What they find is an adventure beyond their wildest imagination and the magical swamp creature "Labou" whose whistles are rumored to be the original inspiration for jazz. With the help of Labou, the kids race to stay one step ahead of two crazy oil tycoons and discover the long lost treasure in time to save the swamps from destruction.'] [" In 1957, a large alien robot crashes from orbit near the coast of Rockwell, Maine with no memory. Shortly after, the Iron Giant wanders off into the mainland. Nine-year-old Hogarth Hughes follows a trail of the forest's destruction and frees the robot, who is stuck in the power cables of an electrical substation. After being rescued by and befriended by Hogarth, the Giant follows him back to his house, where he lives with his mother Annie. Upon their return, the robot attempts to eat the iron off the nearby railroad tracks. Alarmed at the sound of an incoming train, Hogarth tells the giant to repair the tracks. The robot attempts this, but takes too long, causing the train to collide with his head. Hogarth hides the damaged robot in their barn where he discovers the robot is self repairing. Later that night, Hogarth returns to the barn with a stack of comic books to read to the Giant. The robot is impressed with Superman, but distressed when he discovers a comic about an evil robot; Hogarth tells the robot that it can be who he chooses to be. Investigating the destroyed substation, U.S. government agent Kent Mansley discovers evidence of the robot and decides to continue his inquiries in nearby Rockwell. Finding a BB gun Hogarth left near the substation the night he found the Giant, Mansley takes up a room for rent at Hogarth's home and trails the boy to learn more. Hogarth says to the robot to dive in the lake which it does, creating a tsunami that sweeps Dean onto the road. Mansley is paranoid about an alien invasion and alerts the U.S. Army to the possible presence of the robot. Worried that they will get caught, Hogarth evades Mansley and takes the robot to beatnik artist Dean McCoppin who passes off the robot as one of his works of art when Mansley and Lieutenant General Rogard investigate. Hogarth inadvertently activates a self-defense mechanism  in the giant with a toy gun, but Dean saves Hogarth. Commanding the robot to leave, they soon realize that the robot cannot control the SDM, and they chase after it before reaching town. In Rockwell, the robot saves two boys, but Mansley, having seen it, orders an attack to stop it. The robot flees with Hogarth until he is shot down by a missile, and after crash landing, the robot believes Hogarth to be dead, causing the enraged robot to activate its weapons and attack the Army, who are no match for the advanced firepower. Mansley lies to Rogard that the robot killed Hogarth, before telling him to lure the robot out to sea so they can destroy it with a nuclear ballistic missile from the USS Nautilus. Hogarth  wakes up and calms the robot down, causing it to deactivate its weapons. Dean tells Rogard and his men to stand down. Rogard, realizing that Mansley lied to him, is about to tell the Nautilus to stand down, but Mansley snatches the walkie-talkie and calls the Nautilus to launch the missile anyway. Realizing the deadly mistake, Rogard argues with Mansley and informs him that the robot, along with everybody in Rockwell will be destroyed when the missile falls. Mansley refuses to take note of the town's fate and tries to escape Rockwell in order to save himself, but the robot stops Mansley, who is then arrested by the Army. When Hogarth tells the robot about Rockwell's fate, the robot flies off to intercept the missile, as a hero, not a weapon. The robot and missile collide, causing a massive explosion high up in the atmosphere. The people of the town recognize the giant as a hero, but everyone, especially Hogarth is deeply saddened by the robot's sacrifice. Some time later, Annie and Dean have a romantic relationship and Dean creates a statue honoring the robot. Hogarth receives a package from Rogard, containing the only piece of the robot they found, a small jaw bolt. That night, Hogarth awakens to a familiar beeping coming from the bolt, which is trying to get out his window. He knows the robot is repairing itself somewhere and he opens it to let the bolt out. On the Langjökull glacier in Iceland various parts of the robot travel across there where his head rests, eyes glowing, as the robot wakes up and smiles."] ['The story follows a Jack Russell Terrier named Olive , who does not act at all like a dog. When she returns home from some errands, she finds her owner, Tim , putting away Christmas decorations and announcing morosely that there "won\'t be any Christmas". Olive eventually finds out that this is because Blitzen, one of Santa\'s reindeer, is injured and can not fly. Santa hopes he can make the Christmas run with "all of the other reindeer". Mishearing this on the radio as "Olive the other reindeer", Olive becomes convinced that it is she Santa is referring to, prompting her to travel to the North Pole to fill in on the sleigh team. On the way to the bus station, Olive runs into an evil mailman  who is fed up with the stress of having to deliver the heavy loads of mail during the Christmas rush. He is vengeful towards Santa for being repeatedly put on his "Naughty" list and is determined to stop Olive from saving Christmas. She then meets Martini, a con artist penguin . After buying from him a "Rolexxx," Olive goes to the "Mauvehound" bus station to buy a ticket to Arctic Junction. Martini shows up, and Olive buys him a bus ticket out of pity. Before they can leave the station, Olive is captured by the evil mailman, who tells people that Olive is wanted on several counts of mail fraud, such as "licking self-adhesive stamps and not mailing early for the holidays". After pleading to Martini to help her, Martini rolls several pens along the ground, tripping up the mailman. Martini and Olive then catch the bus right before it leaves, with the mailman watching them drive away. On the bus, Olive and Martini talk to two Eskimos  and driver Richard Stans . They all believe Olive misheard Santa, but wish her luck anyway. The mailman pulls up next to the bus in his mail truck, but Martini fashions a paper airplane out of stationery and throws it at the mailman, knocking him off the road. When they arrive at Arctic Junction, there is a one-hour wait for the next bus, so they go inside the restaurant for some food. After failing to rally everyone to support Olive, they order some food. The group does not know that their waitress is really the mailman, dressed up with a blue wig and a nametag that reads "Flo." The mailman lures Olive outside, saying that Santa is going to give her a flying test. Then, once outside, he throws Olive inside his truck. While he is driving away, Olive finds a package addressed to her from "Deus Ex Machina." The package is a metal file Olive uses to escape. Back at the Junction, Richard says he can not give Olive and Martini a ride, because he is needed at the depot, and does not want to lose his job. The two go inside the Top of the World Bar, and are initially harassed by Round John Virgin and Schnitzel, Blitzen\'s flightless cousin. They apologize for their behavior  and Round John Virgin offers Martini and Olive a ride to the North Pole in his vehicle, named The Polar Express. At the North Pole, Olive is denied entrance to see Santa, but Martini gives the guard a watch as if it was a gift from Santa. When the guard asks Martini to fix it, he says he needs to kill the alarm, because the electromagnetic waves will interfere with the signal from a satellite. Olive digs under the fence, and proceeds to find Santa. Besides Blitzen\'s injury, he\'s not sure he wants to go out on Christmas Eve, because he\'s received mean-spirited letters from some children. Olive convinces him that the mean letters from children are really from the mailman, since they have no postmark, and is put with the other reindeer to fly Santa\'s sleigh. Before they leave, the mailman switches the toy bag with his own bag of junk mail and kidnaps Martini. After the sleigh lands at the first house and Olive realizes what has happened, Olive uses the mailman\'s scent to track him and scares the mailman out of his wits as he thinks Olive is a Ghost. Martini uses a jack-in-the-box to scare the mailman, who hits the window and is knocked unconscious. They retrieve the presents and rescue Martini, and then deliver the presents to the world . Lost in a fog, Olive guides them back to the North Pole by smelling the gingerbread cookies Ms. Claus baked. As a present, Olive is given a pair of antlers to wear. She goes home and makes amends with Tim, who is glad that she does not care if she is different from other dogs. Meantime, bound with packing tape and cardboard wings, the mailman is put in the penguin exhibit in the zoo in place of Martini, and Martini becomes the new mailman, while everyone enjoys Christmas Day.'] ['The story is of a girl named Haru, a quiet, shy and unassuming high school student who has a suppressed ability to talk with cats. One day, she saves a darkly-colored, odd-eyed cat from being hit by a truck on a busy road. The cat is Lune, Prince of the Cat Kingdom. As thanks, the cats give Haru gifts of catnip and mice, and she is offered the Prince\'s hand in marriage. Her mixed reply is taken as a yes. Wanting none of this, Haru hears a kind, female voice, which tells her to seek the Cat Bureau. Haru meets Muta, a large white cat the voice told her to seek for directions, who leads her there to meet the Baron (the same Baron from [[Whisper of the Heart , who is a cat figurine given life by the work of his artist, and Toto, a stone raven who comes to life much like the Baron. Soon after meeting them, Haru and Muta are forcefully taken to the Cat Kingdom, leaving Toto and the Baron in the human world to follow the group from the air. The Baron and his crow friend find the entrance to the Cat Kingdom on Earth: Five lakes forming a cat\'s paw. Haru is conducted to a feast at the castle of the Cat Kingdom and she begins to slowly turn into a cat with tan paws, ears and whiskers, though still mainly human, so that she will make a suitable bride for the Prince. At the feast, the Baron  dances with Haru as part of the entertainment, and reveals to her that the more she loses herself in the kingdom, the more cat-like she will become, and that she has to discover her true self. When the Baron is discovered and is forced to fight the guards, he and Haru are helped by Yuki, a white female cat who works as a servant in the palace and who had tried to warn Haru to leave the Cat Kingdom before she was taken to the castle. Yuki shows them an escape leading to a tunnel. Haru, the Baron, and Muta\'s escape moves them through a maze to a tower, which contains a portal to Haru\'s world. The King goes through a series of efforts to keep them in the Cat Kingdom long enough for Haru to remain trapped in the form of a cat and have her as his daughter-in-law. Lune and his guards return to the Cat Kingdom to reveal the King was not acting on his behalf and has no desire to marry Haru; he has instead planned on proposing to Yuki. Muta is revealed to be a notorious criminal in the Kingdom , and Yuki as being the strange voice who had advised Haru to go to the Cat Bureau. In her childhood, Haru had saved Yuki from starvation by giving her the fish crackers she was eating, and Yuki has now repaid her kindness. Eventually, the Baron, Haru and Muta escape the Cat Realm, with the aid of Prince Lune and Toto, and Haru discovers her true self and tells the Baron how she has come to like him. He tells her "Just for the record, I admire a young woman who speaks from the heart." and that the doors of the Cat Bureau will be open for her again. Haru returns to the human world with more confidence in herself; after learning that her former crush has broken up with his girlfriend, she simply replies "it doesn\'t matter anymore."'] [' One thousand years ago on "another world", a magical crystal sustaining it cracked. At this time, two new races appeared: the Skeksis, vulture-like tyrants using the power of the "Dark Crystal" to continually replenish themselves, and hunchbacked natural wizards called Mystics. Jen, an elf-like Gelfling taken in by the Mystics after his clan was killed, is told by his Mystic master that he must find the crystal shard, and that it can be found in the home of Aughra. If he fails to do so before the three suns meet, the Skeksis will rule forever. The Skeksis\' emperor and Jen\'s master die simultaneously. A confrontation ensues between a Skeksis called the Chamberlain and another called the General, who both desire to succeed him. The General becomes emperor and the Chamberlain is exiled. Learning of Jen\'s existence, the Skeksis send large crab-like creatures called Garthim to track him. Jen reaches Aughra and is taken to her home, which contains an enormous orrery she uses to predict the motions of the heavens. Jen discovers the crystal shard by playing music on his flute to which it resonates. Jen is told of the upcoming Great Conjunction when the three suns will align, but he learns little of its connection to the shard. The Garthim destroys Aughra\'s home and Jen flees, but Aughra is taken prisoner. Hearing the calls of the crystal, the Mystics leave their valley to travel to the Castle. Jen meets Kira, another surviving Gelfling who can communicate with animals, and her pet Fizzgig. They discover that they have a telepathic connection which Kira calls "dreamfasting". They stay for a night with the Podlings who raised Kira after the death of her parents. However, the Garthim attacks the village and Kira, Jen, and Fizzgig flee when the Chamberlain prevents one of the Garthim from attacking them. Most of the Podlings are enslaved. Jen and Kira discover a ruined Gelfling city. Finding a relief, Jen reads the Crystal\'s prophecy: the shard, a part of the Dark Crystal, must be reinserted to restore the Crystal\'s integrity. The Chamberlain tells Jen and Kira that he wishes to bring them to the Skeksis to make peace, but they refuse. Riding on Landstriders, the Gelflings arrive at the Castle of the Crystal, where they see the Garthim that attacked Kira\'s village. Kira and Jen unsuccessfully attempt to free the captured Podlings. Kira, Jen and Fizzgig jump off the cliff and infiltrate the lower parts of the Castle. The Chamberlain confronts them again and tries to convince them to make peace; however, Kira is captured and Jen strikes the Chamberlain on his hand using the crystal shard. The Chamberlain wounds Jen and takes Kira to the Castle. The General restores the Chamberlain to his former position. On the suggestion of the Skeksis\' resident scientist, the General decides to regain his youth by draining Kira\'s life essence,Henson Productions; "The wicked Skeksis live off of the essence of others..." recalling that its potency allows a Skeksis emperor to maintain his youth for longer periods than that of the Podlings on whom they have been forced to rely since the Gelfling genocide. Kira maintains a telepathic connection with Jen, who tells her to call out to the animals imprisoned in the laboratory. They break free from their cages and the Skeksis scientist falls to his death, upon which one of the Mystics simultaneously vanishes. Kira, Jen, and Aughra flee, but they are separated from Fizzgig during a confrontation with the Garthim. The three suns begin to align as the two Gelflings reconvene in the Crystal chamber. The Skeksis arrive to prepare for the immortality that they will gain from the Conjunction if the Crystal is not restored. Jen is discovered and drops the shard, but Kira throws it back to him and is stabbed to death by the Skeksis\' high priest. Jen inserts the shard into the Crystal, unifying it as the Mystics enter the chamber. As Aughra, Jen and Fizzgig watch, the Mystics and Skeksis merge into tall glowing beings, one of whom says "we are again one", speaks to Jen of their history, and revives Kira. After leaving the Crystal for the two Gelflings to "make [their] world in its light," the beings depart, and the land is shown rejuvenated and the Castle transformed into a palace of crystal.'] [' The film starts with a brief introduction in the 19th century American West featuring a bald eagle gliding over the homeland of the mustangs, which resembles several western US National Parks. There is then a scene showing the birth of a Buckskin Kiger Mustang, Spirit . Spirit soon grows into a stallion, and assumes the role of leader of the herd, whose duty it is to keep the herd safe. This is demonstrated when he saves two foals from a mountain lion. Spirit is a courageous leader, but has a serious mischievous streak and a high sense of curiosity. Spotting a camp one night not far from his herd, the stallion is unable to control his curiosity and moves towards it, as he\'s never seen humans before. To Spirit\'s surprise, the humans (possibly [[wrangler  are vicious. After a long chase, he is captured and taken to a US cavalry post. During this time in the film, the army is fighting the Indian Wars and taking over the soon-to-be western United States. There he encounters, "The Colonel" . The Colonel attempts to tame the mustang, but Spirit manages to outwit all who attempt to ride him. During this time, a Lakota Native American named Little Creek  is also brought into the fort and held captive, through the night and day they become friends. Through a series of events, Little Creek and Spirit, along with several army horses, escape the post. Little Creek\'s own paint mare, Rain, meets them, along with other Indians who loosely capture Spirit. After returning to the Lakota village, Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together, much to Spirit\'s dismay. Rain willingly shows Spirit her world. Spirit begins to understand their ways and falls in love with the mare. His romantic affections for Rain, however, do not soften his yearning to be free. At the end of their time together Little Creek decides that Spirit should never be tamed and frees him. As Spirit asks Rain to come with him to his herd, a Cavalry Regiment led by the Colonel ransacks the Lakota village. Rain is shot by the Colonel, knocking her into the river while Spirit knocks the colonel off his horse, saving Little Creek\'s life. Spirit dives into the river to try to rescue Rain, but is unsuccessful and they both plummet over a waterfall. Having both survived, Spirit comforts Rain on the riverbed as she is dying from her gun wound until cavalry scouts tear him away and sell him to be used for the constructing railroad. After finding Rain critically injured just as Spirit is being led away, Little Creek vows to free the mustang once and for all in accordance with his life-debt; and follows the men after tending to his own mare. Spirit and other stolen horses are loaded onto a train and taken to a work site on the Transcontinental Railroad where they are put to work pulling a steam locomotive on a sledge up a mountain when attempts to tunnel have failed even with explosives. Spirit realizes that if the track extends along its present course it will infringe on his homeland. Spirit breaks free from the sledge carrying the locomotive and breaks the chains holding the other horses to the sledge. This causes the locomotive to fall off its sledge and down the steep hill where it collides with another locomotive at the railhead, causing a boiler explosion which starts the camp and woods on fire. Little Creek appears, saves Spirit from the wildfire, and takes him to safety. The next morning, Colonel and his men find Spirit and Little Creek. A climactic chase scene ensues on winding rock passages that lead to a canyon where the two again outsmart the Army. Spirit also makes a "freedom" jump which amazes The Colonel. The Colonel stops one of his men from shooting the two and exchanges nods of respect with Spirit before they part. Spirit races back to the rebuilt Lakota village with Little Creek. Spirit finds Rain who is still alive, nursed back to health by the Lakota people. Little Creek decides to name the Kiger mustang "Spirit-Who-Could-Not-Be-Broken". Little Creek, knowing it\'s for the best, sets Spirit and Rain free. Eventually, the two horses joyfully meet up with Spirit\'s own herd, including his mother. Viewers then see the eagle as he flies up into clouds shaped like horses.'] ['King Krewl ([[Raymond Russell  is a cruel dictator in the Emerald City. He wishes to marry his daughter, Princess Gloria ([[Vivian Reed  to a buffoonish pantaloon of an old courtier named Googly-Goo , but she is in love with Pon, the Gardener\'s boy ([[Todd Wright . Krewl employs Mombi  to freeze the heart of Gloria so she will not love Pon any longer. This she does by pulling out her heart  and coating it with ice. Dorothy  runs away with the now heartless Gloria, accompanied by Pon and eventually the Scarecrow . Mombi catches up with the travelers and removes the Scarecrow\'s stuffing, but Dorothy and Pon are able to re-stuff him; Gloria wanders off. In an effective use of deep focus photography, they meet the lost little boy, Button-Bright . The party next arrive at the Tin Castle of the Tin Woodman , who has rusted solid.  Mombi reaches the Tin Castle, and the Tin Woodman chops off her head; however, this merely slows her down as she hunts for it and places it back on.  Having replaced her head, Mombi encounters Pon and turns him into a kangaroo. Dorothy, Button-Bright, the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman escape from Mombi by crossing a river on a raft. As in the original novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, the Scarecrow\'s barge-pole gets stuck in the river bed and leaves him stranded, until he is rescued by a bird. At one point in this sequence, the Scarecrow slides down the pole into the river, resulting a brief "underwater" sequence featuring puppet fish and a mermaid; throughout, the Scarecrow makes asides to the camera, mostly without intertitles.  The party encounter the Wizard , who tricks Mombi by letting the group hide in the Red Wagon, pulled by the Sawhorse; when Mombi attempts to follow them, the group escape out the back of the wagon. The four companions meet the Cowardly Lion, who joins them. The Wizard traps Mombi in a container of "Preserved Sandwitches" and paints out the "sand" and the plural, carrying her away in his pocket. The Scarecrow, taking a barrage of arrows, tosses Krewl\'s soldiers over the battlements to deal with the Cowardly Lion, who cannot climb the rope ladder over the city wall. With the support of the people, the Scarecrow is easily able to depose King Krewl. The Wizard releases Mombi, and compels her to restore Pon to his normal form and unfreeze Gloria\'s heart.'] ['{{further2}} Harry is shown bleeding in front of the Ministry of Magic, as the result of an attack that took place after the second-to-last scene of the previous film, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Lord Voldemort is tightening his grip on both the Wizarding and Muggle worlds and has chosen Draco Malfoy to carry out a secret mission. Severus Snape accepts Bellatrix Lestrange\'s challenge to make an Unbreakable Vow with Draco\'s mother, Narcissa, to protect Draco and fulfill the assignment if he fails. Harry accompanies Albus Dumbledore to visit former potions professor Horace Slughorn, who has gone into hiding. Slughorn agrees to return to teach at Hogwarts as Dumbledore tells Harry that Slughorn\'s return to Hogwarts is crucial. Leaving Fred and George\'s new shop, Harry, Ron and Hermione notice Draco and Narcissa associating with Death Eaters in Borgin and Burkes. Harry believes Voldemort has made Draco a Death Eater, but Ron and Hermione are sceptical. On the Hogwarts Express, Harry spies on Draco, who hints to his friends that he does not plan to return to Hogwarts next year. Draco discovers Harry\'s presence and immobilises him, but Harry is rescued by Luna with her Spectrespecs. At Hogwarts, Harry and Ron are admitted to Slughorn\'s potions class at the last minute and have to borrow the needed textbooks because they don\'t have their own. Harry\'s copy is inscribed on the fly page as the "Half-Blood Prince." This owner, Harry finds, had annotated the book with additional instructions — tips and recommendations that allow Harry to excel in the class. As for Ron, he becomes the Keeper of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, and, thinking he has been given a Good Luck potion by Harry, Ron becomes a sports hero and partially as a result, he forms a romantic relationship with Lavender Brown, leaving Hermione disconsolate. Harry discovers Hermione sobbing in the Astronomy Tower, where he reveals to her that he has feelings for Ron\'s sister, Ginny Weasley. Harry spends Christmas with the Weasleys and becomes closer to Ginny. They almost share a kiss on Christmas Eve but Bellatrix and Fenrir Greyback, intent on capturing Harry, attack and burn the Burrow, home of the Weasleys. Outnumbered, Bellatrix and Greyback abandon their attack as Order members Nymphadora Tonks and Remus Lupin, together with Harry and the Weasleys, watch the structure burn. After being cured of a love potion meant for Harry, Ron is nearly killed by a drink originally intended for Dumbledore. While recovering, Ron murmurs Hermione\'s name in the hospital, in front of both Hermione and Lavender. Suspecting that Draco was responsible for two attempts on Dumbledore\'s life, one of which has almost killed Ron, Harry confronts Draco and severely injures him with a Sectumsempra curse taken from the textbook of the Half-Blood Prince. Harry, shocked that the curse has slliced open Draco\'s chest, retreats as Severus Snape enters and magically heals Draco\'s wound. Fearing the book may be filled with more Dark Magic, Ginny and Harry hide it in the Room of Requirement and, while doing so, share their first kiss. Dumbledore shows Harry memories of a young Tom Riddle and reveals that Slughorn retains a memory critical to Voldemort\'s defeat. Harry retrieves the memory, learning that Voldemort wanted information for creating seven Horcruxes. The Horcrux safeguards a portion of the creator\'s soul, granting him immortality unless the Horcrux is destroyed. Two of Voldemort\'s Horcruxes have already been destroyed: Tom Riddle\'s diary and Marvolo Gaunt\'s ring. Touching the ring, Harry has a vision of Voldemort, which is noticed by Dumbledore. After discovering the possible location of another Horcrux, Dumbledore requests Harry\'s help to retrieve it. They travel to a far-away cave where Harry is forced to make Dumbledore drink a mind-altering potion that hides the Horcrux, a locket. A weakened Dumbledore defends them from a horde of Inferi and apparates himself and Harry back to the Astronomy Tower at Hogwarts. In the meantime, Bellatrix, Greyback and several other Death Eaters enter the castle with Draco\'s help. Upon arriving at the tower, Dumbledore tells Harry to fetch Snape but as footsteps approach, he orders Harry to hide. Draco reveals that he has been chosen by Voldemort to kill Dumbledore, but he is unable to follow through. Snape arrives and casts the Avada Kedavra curse, killing Dumbledore. As Bellatrix casts the Dark Mark, Snape, Draco and the Death Eaters escape from the castle. Bellatrix destroys the Great Hall and sets fire to Hagrid\'s hut as Harry attempts to stop them. Snape overpowers Harry and reveals that he is the Half-Blood Prince before escaping. Harry returns to the school to find the staff and students mourning Dumbledore. Led by Minerva McGonagall, the students and teachers destroy the Dark Mark to honour Dumbledore whereupon Harry is comforted by Ginny. Harry later reveals to Ron and Hermione that the locket Horcrux was a fake. The locket contains a message from an "R.A.B." to Voldemort stating that he has stolen the real Horcrux with the intent of destroying it. His dying wish is that when Voldemort meets his match he will be mortal once more. Rather than return for their final year at Hogwarts, Harry, Ron and Hermione vow to seek out who R.A.B. was and to find the remaining Horcruxes.'] ['Warring Capulets and Montagues, portrayed as white  and brown  colored sea lions respectively, have their feud watched sadly by Capulet\'s only daughter, Juliet. A fight on the shore is ended when the Prince, a large and monstrous elephant seal, appears and warns the two groups that should there be any more disturbance, the seal who caused it shall be exiled to Shark Island, a fin shaped rock where a shark lives. Romeo, Montague\'s only son, is depressed, wishing to fall in love with someone. His humorous friend Mercutio urges him and another of his friends, Benvolio, to go to a Capulet party later that evening. They attend the party, covered in white sand to look like a Capulet, but not before Romeo falls in love with Juliet at first sight. Juliet, however, was promised by her father to marry Prince, who attends the party. Romeo and his friends manage to wreak havoc, and are revealed to be Montagues. Later that evening, the balcony scene is recreated on a cliff on the beach where a tree grows, and Romeo promises Juliet that they shall marry the next morning, and she will not have to marry Prince. Romeo begs Friar Lawrence, in this story a sea otter, to wed them. After some thought, he believes their marriage will end the feud of their families, and agrees. They are wed that very morning, and traverse the sea in their happiness. However, even the other sea and land animals strongly oppose them being together. One animal, a fish  finds them as a lovely couple, but warns them that they will be in big trouble if Prince finds out. Back on the beach, Mercutio telling many jokes, which leads to him making insulting jokes against the Capulets, and the Prince is headed in that direction. When he arrives, Mercutio mocks him as well. Romeo rushes to aid his friend, but after a struggle Mercutio falls off the cliff where Juliet met Romeo the previous evening, and everyone thinks that he is dead. Prince, jealous of Romeo having Juliet\'s affection rather than him, exiles Romeo to Shark Island. In despair, Juliet seeks the Friar\'s help, and he gives her a potion to put her in a deathlike position. Mercutio is revealed to be alive and sees the whole thing, remarking, "What a tangled web we weave." Lawrence shows the Capulet seals that Juliet is "dead", right as they were celebrating the marriage. But Benvolio sees her as well, and swims to Shark Island to tell Romeo. The Friar chases him to stop him, but is attacked by a shark. After receiving the terrible news, Romeo heads to the shore to see if Juliet is truly dead. Friar Lawrence arrives too late and tries to follow Romeo, only to have his tail maimed by the shark. After an undersea chase and some help from the fish Romeo and Juliet met earlier, Lawrence escapes and heads to the beach. A heartbroken Romeo walks past the mourning Capulets and tries to kiss Juliet, only to have some of the potion slip into his own mouth, putting him in a deathlike position as well. Both groups of seals begin to weep for their loss, and Lawrence, who has just arrived, takes the moment to teach them a lesson about where hatred leads them. Suddenly, Romeo and Juliet awaken, and all is well. Mercutio returns, Prince finds a new mate: a large elephant seal like himself, burps like a seal. The movie ends with the two families at peace, and Romeo and Juliet remaining together.'] [' {{Main}} About six months after the DigiDestined departed from the Digital World, Izzy discovers a virus infected Digi-Egg on the internet and rushes over to Tai\'s apartment to inform him about the newly-hatched Digimon, Kuramon. Tai and Izzy monitor him, horrified as Kuramon rapidly digivolves to its Rookie level, Keramon, all the while consuming large amounts of computer data until Gennai appears in a transmission from the Digital World, warning them about the dangers of his growth. He dispatches Agumon and Tentomon to stop the corrupted Digimon. Keramon digivolves into Infermon, and easily defeats the Champion and Ultimate forms of Tentomon and Agumon, revealing that Keramon completely skipped over his Champion form and digivolved straight to his Ultimate level. Tai furiously tries to alert the rest of the DigiDestined, but succeeds enlisting only the help of brothers Matt and T.K. Agumon and Gabumon Warp Digivolve to WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon, prompting Infermon to Digivolve into Diaboromon, but they slow down and are severely beaten because of the massive amount of e-mails being sent to Tai and Izzy from people around the world who are watching the battle from their computers. Diaboromon begins to duplicate himself and sets up a timer for 10 minutes as he forces the Pentagon to launch two nuclear missiles: one headed for Colorado, the other for the Tai\'s own neighborhood in Odaiba, Tokyo. Unable to accept defeat and because their bond with their Digimon is so strong, Tai and Matt become digital and enter their computers to revive their Digimon. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon gain the ability to DNA Digivolve to Omnimon, who easily defeats all but the original Diaboromon. At one minute to go, Diaboromon is still too fast for them to hit, but Izzy forwards him the massive amount of e-mails to slow him down. At the very last second, Omnimon impales Diaboromon through the head, disabling the missiles and killing him. Unfortunately, the virus tracks down Willis and infects Kokomon.  {{Main}} While visiting Mimi in New York, T.K. and Kari witness a battle between Willis, Terriermon, and Wendigomon, Kokomon\'s corrupted Champion form . Wendigomon cryptically insists for Willis to "go back", to which he interprets as returning to Colorado. Kari, believing him to be in danger, e-mails Davis Motomiya and the other Digidestined for help in hopes of assembling in Colorado. Unfortunately, T.K. and Kari\'s train becomes derailed by Wendigomon on the way and they are unable to meet with the others. Meanwhile, after taking planes and taxis, Davis, Yolei Inoue, and Cody Hida meet Willis in a truck. When Willis tries to get their group transportation to his house, the ride leaves without him and Davis; however, Davis devises a plan to get themselves to Colorado faster with the help of Raidramon. At the rendez-vous point, Davis, Yolei, and Cody began to question Willis\' knowledge about Wendigomon. Hesitantly, Willis reveals that he, as a child, tried to create a digi-egg after experiencing the joys of having his twin Digimon . However, a virus attacked the egg which mutated into Diaboromon. After the original Digidestined defeated Diaboromon, the virus tracked down Willis and infected Kokomon. Willis assumes full responsibility for the situation. However, Davis and Terriermon convince him to let them help, as they are friends and are on the same team. At Willis\'s home the next morning, Wendigomon expectedly reappears, but Digivolves to Antylamon and easily defeats the DigiDestined. Once digivolved into Cherubimon, he proceeds to eat their Digimon, but T.K. and Kari arrive at the nick of time to provide back-up with Angemon and Angewomon. Angry, Cherubimon de-Digivolves the Digimon then de-ages the Digidestined, revealing that he wanted Willis to "go back" in time to when the virus first attacked him. To combat him, Angewomon and Angemon Digivolve to their Mega forms, Magnadramon and Seraphimon, to release two Golden Digi-Eggs for Willis and Davis. Veemon and Terriermon Golden Armor Digivolve to Magnamon and Rapidmon and allow themselves to be swallowed by Cherubimon. Inside, they see a manifestation of Wendigomon\'s true self, who begs them to destroy the virus. After doing so, Cherubimon is purified, but succumbs to his injuries and dies. After saying goodbye to his new friends, Willis and Terriermon walk back home to find Kokomon\'s Digi-egg on the beach.'] ["Crysta is taking care of three baby animals and demonstrating greater control over nature. She and Pips begin a small contest over who can grow the more impressive plant, while Pips expresses a desire to see more of the outside world. Suddenly, Batty Koda arrives in a panic, warning that human poachers are right behind him. These poachers show up with their dogs and capture the three baby animals. The first rescue attempt while still in Ferngully fails, and results in a huge forest fire, destroying a huge part of the forest and scarring Mother Kangaroo. Pips and the Beetle Boys volunteer to follow the humans to town and rescue the babies, convincing the reluctant Batty to be their guide. They arrive at a town amusement park. They are so fascinated by the rides, they are reminded by Batty to resume their mission. All this time the fairies have been healing the rainforest and Crysta finds and helps one of the poachers' dogs  abandoned and caught in a trap. She takes him on a journey to the town. Pips and the Beetle Boys meet a girl named Budgie who is hard at practicing for the clown act. Pips flies over to her and introduces himself and his friends. She gives them shelter in her trailer. Batty has located the poachers' place but the others ignore him too fascinated by modern human utilities. Bark and Batty go to make a rescue attempt, but Batty is caught. Budgie tells Pips that she has been working on her clown act for years, but she has never been all that good. Pips tells her that she is trying too hard, and she should just do it. Back at where the babies are, the animals are very scared and fear they will never get back home. Batty overcomes his terror of the situation and manages to reassure them. Then the poachers take all the cages and load them onto a big truck. At the fair, Budgie goes to a contest stand and wins a stuffed kangaroo, which reminds Pips of the babies he's supposed to be saving. He tells Budgie about them and she offers to help him out. They all reach the old warehouse. The poachers drive off, and Budgie jumps off a ledge and lands on the truck. They drive past Budgie's grandfather, and he sees that Budgie is hanging on the truck tarp, and he drives after them. Budgie manages to get inside the car and frees all the birds in the cages. The poachers see Budgie trying to get in the car and are enraged seeing all the birds flying away. One of them climbs out of the truck and tries to get Budgie off. She manages to get away from him, but he unlatches the car she's on and sends her rolling backwards on the road. She ends up with one side of the car dangling off a cliff. Batty and Budgie's grandfather manage to save her. The group then head by clown car to the ship where the animals are being loaded. Pips undoes the conveyor catch so that the catches land in Budgie's grandfather's car. A struggle for the cages ensues between the poachers and Budgie. Boof and Crysta arrive to help. The other dog turns against his former master. The boat gets away and the fairies use their magic to stop it growing a gigantic tree. Nugget almost drowns as he escapes. Budgie and her grandfather adopt Slasher and Boof while all the animals and fairies return home."] ['Phineas T. Prune is an old miser who holds the deed to the North Pole. It seems that Santa Claus is behind in paying his rent. Prune plans to have Santa, Mrs. Claus and the elves evicted and keep the Christmas toys. Santa asks Sam Whipple for help. Can Whipple and the children around the world help Santa and prevent Christmas from being cancelled?'] ['In a time overlapping the Jurassic Period and Cretaceous Period, a drought is occurring and several herds of dinosaurs seek an oasis known as the "Great Valley". Among these, a diminished "Longneck" herd gives birth to a single baby, named Littlefoot . Years later, Littlefoot plays with Cera , a "Three-horn", who was trying to smash a beetle until her father  intervenes; whereupon Littlefoot\'s mother  names the different kinds of dinosaurs: "Three-horns", "Spiketails", "Big Mouths", and "Flyers" and states that each has historically remained apart. That night, as Littlefoot follows a "Hopper", he encounters Cera again, and they play together briefly until a "Sharptooth" attacks. He almost has them, before Littlefoot\'s mother comes to their rescue. During their escape, she suffers severe back and neck injuries from the Sharptooth\'s teeth and claws. At that same time, an "earthshake" opens a deep ravine that swallows up the Sharptooth and divides Littlefoot and Cera from their herds. Littlefoot finds his dying mother, and receives her advice in favor of his intuition. Depressed and confused, Littlefoot meets an old Scolosaurus named Rooter , who consoles him upon learning of his mother\'s death. Littlefoot later hears his mother\'s voice guiding him to follow the "bright circle" past the "great rock that looks like a longneck" and then past the "mountains that burn" to the Great Valley. On his journey , Littlefoot meets Cera once again and tries to get her to join him, but she refuses. Later, Littlefoot is accompanied by a young "Bigmouth/Swimmer" named Ducky , whose company bears him out of his depression. Soon after, they meet an aerophobic "Flyer" named Petrie . Cera, who is attempting to find her own kind, finds the unconscious Sharptooth inside the ravine. Thinking he is dead, Cera harasses him, during which she mistakenly wakes him up, and flees. She later bumps into Littlefoot, Ducky, and Petrie, and tells them that the Sharptooth is alive; although Littlefoot does not believe her. She then describes her encounter , during which she accidentally flings Ducky into the air and discovers a hatchling "Spiketail", whom she names Spike and brings him into the group. Seeking the Great Valley, they discover a cluster of trees, which is abruptly depleted by a herd of Diplodocus. Searching for remaining growth, they discover one tree still with leaves, and obtain food by stacking up atop each other and pulling the leaves down. Cera remains aloof; but at nightfall, everyone including herself gravitates to Littlefoot\'s side for warmth and companionship. The next morning, they are attacked by Sharptooth, but escape through a cave-tunnel too small to admit him. Beyond this, they discover the Longneck-shaped monolith mentioned by Littlefoot\'s mother, and later a string of "mountains that burn". Cera grows impatient of the seemingly resultless trip and decides to go another way, but Littlefoot refuses, telling her the way she is going is wrong and when Cera refuses to retract an insult about Littlefoot\'s mother , a fight between the two ensues causing a schism in the travelling party whereby Littlefoot continues in the direction he was told, while the others follow Cera. When Ducky and Spike become endangered by lava and Petrie gets stuck in a tar pit, Littlefoot rescues them; later to find Cera harassed by a small territorial herd of "Boneheads", and, having been coated in tar, scare them away. Ashamed of her fear and reluctant to admit her mistake, Cera leaves them in tears. Later, while crossing a pond, Petrie discovers the Sharptooth nearby. Tired of the Sharptooth stalking them and determined to avenge his mother, Littlefoot plots to lure him into the water beneath a nearby boulder, intending to drown him. As Ducky  lures Sharptooth to the water, Littlefoot and Spike are having trouble moving the boulder. During the proceeding struggle, a draft from Sharptooth\'s nostrils enables Petrie to flight. Sharptooth leaps onto the boulder and the plan nearly fails until Cera reunites with the group, allowing Littlefoot and his friends to push both Sharptooth, Petrie and the boulder into the water below, momentarily taking Petrie down with him; but he later emerges unharmed. Littlefoot, alone, follows a cloud resembling his mother to the Great Valley, there to be joined by the others. Upon arrival, Petrie impresses his family with his newfound flight, while Ducky introduces Spike to her family, who adopt him. Cera reunites with her father and Littlefoot rejoins his grandparents. Cera then calls for Littlefoot to play. They join their friends at the top of a hill and embrace each other in a group hug.'] ['The story begins with an origin of a racing game known as Poohsticks Pooh taking a walk to a wooden bridge over a river where he likes to do nothing in particular. On this day, though, he finds a fir cone and picks it up. Pooh thinks up a rhyme to go with the fir cone, but he accidentally trips on a tree root and drops it in the river. Noticing that the flow of the river takes the cone under the bridge, Pooh invents a racing game out of it. As the game uses sticks instead of cones, he calls it. Sometime later, while Pooh, Piglet, Rabbit and Roo are playing Poohsticks, they see Eeyore floating in the river below. After a somewhat successful attempt to get him to shore with a giant stone, he tells them that he fell in due to being bounced from behind. Piglet assumes it was Tigger who bounced Eeyore into the river. When Tigger arrives on the scene, he claims that his bounce was actually a cough, leading to an argument between him and Eeyore, but with some outside help from the narrator, the animals find out the truth: he had indeed deliberately bounced Eeyore. Tigger then says it was all a joke, but nobody else feels that way. Tigger disgustedly says that they have no sense of humor, and bounces away. As Eeyore seems particularly depressed this day, Pooh follows him to his Gloomy Spot and asks what the problem is. Eeyore says that he is unhappy because it is his birthday, and nobody has taken any notice to celebrate it. Pooh decides to give him a jar of honey, but does not get far before he has a hunger attack and ends up eating the honey. Upon realizing this, he decides to ask Owl for advice. Owl suggests that he writes to Eeyore on the pot so that Eeyore could use it to put things in, making it useful, and Pooh accepts. Owl ends up writing a misspelled greeting  on the pot and flies off to tell Christopher Robin about the birthday. Piglet, who heard about Eeyore\'s birthday from Pooh, has planned to give a red balloon to Eeyore, but when Owl greets him from the sky, Piglet is not looking where he is going, and as a result, he falls down and bursts it accidentally. Piglet is very sad that his gift for Eeyore is spoiled, but he presents it to him anyway, and only a minute later, Pooh brings the empty pot. Eeyore is gladdened, as he can now put the broken red balloon into the pot and remove it again. Pooh and his friends then pitch in and plan a surprise party for their friend. During the party, Tigger arrives and bounces Rabbit out of his chair. Roo welcomes him to the festivities as Rabbit draws himself up from being bounced on by Tigger, incensed. Rabbit opines that Tigger should leave because of the way he treated Eeyore before. Roo wants Tigger to stay, and Christopher Robin\'s solution is for everyone to go to the bridge (known in the television series My Friends Tigger & Pooh as Poohsticks bridge]] and play Poohsticks. Eeyore, a first-time player, wins the most games, while Tigger does not win at all, causing him to conclude that "Tiggers don\'t like Poohsticks". Eeyore\'s secret for winning, as he explains to Tigger afterwards, is to "let his stick drop in a twitchy sort of way." As Tigger bounces Eeyore again, Christopher Robin, Pooh and Piglet all decide that "Tigger\'s all right, really."'] [' The story begins with a retelling of the original BIONICLE legend. The story then shifts to the fortress village of Ta-Koro, which is located in a lake of lava. A Ta-Matoran named Jaller is looking for his Kohlii  teammate, Takua. He soon finds him inspecting a warning totem next to a lava flow. Just before they leave, Takua picks up the totem, unwittingly setting off a booby trap. He drops the artifact into the lava, revealing a Kanohi mask that was embedded in the totem. At that moment, a wave of lava began to rush through the chamber at Takua. He throws the mask to Jaller and tries to use a lavaboard to cross the lava, but only got halfway. Just as he was about to be killed, he was saved by Tahu, the Toa of Fire. Takua and Jaller then rushed to the Kohlii field, and Jaller puts the mask in his pack. After the match had ended , the mask Takua found falls out of Jaller\'s pack, shining a bright light on Jaller. The Turaga reveal that this is the Mask of Light which is to be worn by a legendary Seventh Toa that will defeat Teridax . The Mask of Light will lead its herald the Seventh Toa. But Takua, who was thought to be the Herald, was unwilling to admit it so Jaller was mistakenly believed to be so. Unfortunately for Takua, he still has to come along to chronicle Jaller’s quest. Pohatu, the Toa of Stone, left to spread word about the Seventh Toa, while Gali, the Toa of Water, had already departed. The two Matoran leave Ta-Koro the next day and followed the mask’s light to the jungle region of Le-Wahi. Deep beneath Mata Nui, Teridax was fully aware of what is happening above. He spoke to a large statue of a Kanohi Mask, which he refers to as his brother, Mata Nui. He then decided to release three of his spawns of shadow, the Rahkshi, to find and destroy the Herald. On the surface, Gali was meditating at Kini-Nui, the Great Temple, when the Rahkshi burst from the center of the temple and attack her. She narrowly escapes by hiding in the river. Realizing the Rahkshi are headed for Ta-Koro, she hurried there and warned the villagers. The Rahkshi burst through the walls of Ta-Koro, using their powers of shattering , disintegration , and poison  to eventually destroy the village. Fortunately, all the Matoran escape unharmed. In the fight, Tahu\'s mask is damaged by Gali when she tried to get Lerahk off of him, leaving a sickly green scratch. However, he was more concerned about his village\'s destruction. Meanwhile, Takua and Jaller were traveling through the jungle of Le-Wahi, going where the Mask of Light shows them to go. They are then attacked by a Graalok ash bear and rescued by Lewa, the Toa of Air. He gave them a faster way of traveling, a Gukko bird, which quickly carried them to the frozen region of Ko-Wahi. Upon their arrival, they learn of Ta-Koro\'s destruction. Lewa then flies to Ta-Wahi to learn more, leaving Takua and Jaller behind. They got caught in a blizzard where they encounter Bohrok that are frozen, and ran into Kopaka, Toa of Ice. Upon arriving at Ko-Koro, they are attacked by the Rahkshi, and escaped down the side of a mountain. Kopaka is knocked out in the escape, and Takua tries to lure them away across a lake. Just as the Rahkshi close in, Kopaka awakens and froze the Rahkshi in the lake. Kopaka then leaves to see to his village and the Matoran leave for the underground region of Onu-Wahi. In the Onu-Koro Highway, an unused underground network of tunnels, Takua gets lost. He was surprised by Teridax, who appeared before him in the form of two glowing red eyes. He warned Takua that if he does not give him the mask, Jaller will die. Takua refuses, but later panics and leaves Jaller and the mask behind. He arrives in the village of Onu-Koro in time to find Pohatu and Onua, the Toa of Earth, telling the village about the Seventh Toa. However, three more Rahkshi—with the power of fear , anger , and hunger —appear, sent by Teridax in response to Takua\'s refusal of his good will. As the Matoran were forced to flee from their village, Takua feels that this was his fault as the Rahkshi are after him for being the true Herald. Tahu, Gali, and Lewa arrive. However, Tahu\'s scar has gotten worse. When he was hit by Kurahk’s anger energy, the poison and the anger caused him to attack Gali. He was stopped when Kopaka arrived and froze him. Meanwhile, Pohatu and Onua caused a cave-in, and the Toa are forced to flee the village. Gali, Kopaka, and Lewa later have Tahu bound to a rock and free him from his madness. Takua finds Jaller and after warning him about the second wave of Rahkshi and the fact that the Rahkshi were looking for the Herald, the two head for the Kini Nui, where the mask says the Seventh Toa would be found. However, the six Rahkshi caught up to them. The Toa arrive and defeat all the Rahkshi except Turahk. Turahk then tried to kill Takua, only for Jaller to take the blow instead. As the dying Jaller tells Takua how he was "always different", the Chronicler realizes that he wasn\'t the Herald, but rather the Seventh Toa himself. Takua puts on the Mask of Light and the Toa of Light, renaming himself Takanuva. He destroys Turahk, and then builds a vehicle out of the Rahkshi’s armor, called the Ussanui - powered by the discarded Kraata of the Rahkshi - and flies down to Teridax\'s lair. After a mock Kohlii match  in which Takanuva prevailed using his special Kohlii move from earlier to knock the Makuta clean through a wall, Teridax claims he will protect Mata Nui from the Toa of Light stating that "sleep spares him pain; awake, he suffers." and this duty is to his "Mask of Shadows". When Takanuva tries to rip the mask off of Teridax\'s face , they fell into a pool of protodermis and emerged as Takutanuva. The combined being leads the Matoran, Turaga, and Toa , through a gate in the Kanohi mask statue. Takutanuva, who is holding the gate up, resurrected Jaller by transferring part of his energy into Jaller’s mask. However, this transfer weakened Takutanuva and the door crushed him. As the dust cleared, only the Mask of Light remained. Takanuva is then revived as well, and his light makes a hole in the cavern, revealing the long lost city of Metru Nui.'] ["When the Blockheads' E-Z Loan company threatens to take away the farms belonging to the small farmers, Gumby and his band, the Clayboys, decide to have a benefit concert to save the farms. But when the Blockheads find out that Gumby's dog, Lowbelly, cries pearls when he sees the Clayboys perform, they decide to kidnap Lowbelly and force him to cry pearls. When he doesn't respond, they kidnap Gumby and the Clayboys and create robotic clones of them. With the help of Pokey, Prickle, Goo, fans Tara and Ginger, and talent agent Lucky Claybert, Gumby takes on his robot clone and is still in time for his video taping session. At a picnic, Gumby announces that he's opening his own farm loan company. The Blockheads are forced to weed Gumby's garden as punishment, and Gumby and Pokey decide that things are looking up for them as they head back to outer space."] ['On Earth, Stitch is still not fitting in. Lilo tries to encourage him by saying he is one-of-a-kind. Naturally, that just makes him feel worse. One night, a crash is heard from below. Running downstairs, the pair encounters Gantu, breaking into their home. In the ensuing chaos, Gantu finds and takes a blue ball with the number "625" on it before abducting Jumba for interrogation. Lilo and Stitch manage to take Jumba\'s ship to chase Gantu into space and engage him in battle, before being defeated and falling back towards Earth. Back at the house, Lilo, Stitch and Pleakley find the container Jumba was hiding. Pleakley thinks that these are the other experiments, in dehydrated form. He warns them not to tell anyone or put the experiments in water. Deliberately disobeying Pleakley, Stitch and Lilo retrieve the container and hydrate Experiment 221, who promptly escapes. Meanwhile, Jumba is being held captive on the ship of Dr. Hämsterviel, who is surprisingly a small gerbil/poodle/rabbit-like alien. Unable to intimidate Jumba, Hämsterviel activates Experiment 625 to attack him. Fortunately for Jumba, while 625 has all of Stitch\'s powers, he is incredibly lazy, a terrible coward, and prioritizes sandwiches above all else. Meanwhile, Pleakley is able to come into contact with Hämsterviel\'s ship via telephone. Hämsterviel tells Pleakley that he wants a ransom of the 624 experiments in return for Jumba. When Pleakley informs the other family members what the ransom is, Nani proceeds to call Cobra Bubbles while Lilo and Stitch go out to find 221. When Cobra arrives the next morning, he seems to already know about what happened. Meanwhile, Lilo and Stitch finally catch a troublesome Experiment 221 at a hotel. The rendezvous time arrives and Pleakley and Cobra show up with the container, not knowing that it contains only 623 experiments. Pleakley hands the container over to Hämsterviel, who is shocked to find that one is missing. Lilo then shows up with Experiment 221 trapped in a glass vase. Announcing that she has named it "Sparky", she says that Sparky is part of Stitch\'s, and thus her, ohana. Hämsterviel tells her to give him Sparky or Jumba will be shot dead. After several moments of thinking and hearing Cobra, Pleakley, Jumba and Hämsterviel persuading them, Lilo and Stitch set Sparky free and break Jumba from his bonds. On Cobra\'s signal, the Grand Councilwoman\'s ship rises out of the nearby ocean and aims several guns at Hämsterviel. Lilo protests, saying that Hämsterviel has the other experiments and Sparky overhears. Sparky proceeds to use his electrical abilities to blow the power on the Councilwoman\'s ship, while Hämsterviel and Gantu climb back aboard their own ship with the experiments. In a last attempt to stop Hämsterviel, Lilo and Stitch stow away on it as it leaves, with Sparky following. Lilo and Stitch manage to swipe the container with the other experiments in it. The struggle for the container between Lilo, Stitch and Gantu results in releasing the dehydrated pods to rain down and scatter throughout Hawaii. Having captured the heroes, Hämsterviel tells his plans to clone Stitch a thousand times over and orders Gantu to do what he wants with Lilo. While Gantu puts Lilo in a teleportation pod to send to an intergalactic zoo, Stitch is strapped to a weight just heavier than he can lift. Watching as Stitch tries to avoid being vivisected by a laser for the cloning process, Sparky shows that he has reformed by causing the cloning machine to short-circuit. He then breaks Stitch free and the two strap Hämsterviel to the device before rescuing Lilo. Having locked Hämsterviel in handcuffs, Lilo, Stitch, and Sparky short-circuit Gantu\'s ship causing it to crash near a waterfall on Kauai. Landing Hämsterviel\'s ship back at the rendezvous point, they give Sparky a new home powering the Kīlauea Lighthouse, which has not been running in years because powering it was very expensive. They then persuade the Grand Councilwoman to let them rehabilitate the other 623. The Councilwoman places Hämsterviel under arrest.'] ['The film opens on the last day of summer. Christopher Robin is unable to tell his friend Winnie-the-Pooh that he must begin going to school, and leaves him with the advice, "You\'re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." The next morning, Pooh discovers a honey pot with an attached note - however, he cannot read it himself. He goes around to his friends Piglet, Tigger, Rabbit and Eeyore, and none of them are able to read it, so they ask Owl for help. From misinterpreting the note, Owl deduces that Christopher Robin has been taken to a distant, mysterious and dangerous land called the "Skull" against his will. Owl equips the group with a map and sends them into the "Great Unknown" of the Hundred Acre Wood, warning them of the ferocious beast that lords over the Skull, the "Skullasaurus". During their travels the group slowly realizes just how helpless they are without Christopher Robin in the outside world. Piglet, Tigger, and Rabbit come to believe they don\'t have the courage, strength, or intelligence respectively to go on; Piglet is abducted by a swarm of butterflies in a tranquil field, leaving him feeling weak and helpless; Tigger plummets into a large ravine and becomes saddened when he is unable to bounce out to safety, causing his friends to fall with him, and Rabbit manages to get the group lost in the fog, admitting that "he hadn\'t known for hours" where they were going. Pooh tries to comfort them each with the advice Christopher Robin had given him, but fails due to his inability to remember exactly what he said. The group comes to terms with the fact that they are lost and helpless without Christopher Robin, and take shelter in a nearby cave. While everyone is asleep, Pooh laments getting no closer to finding Christopher Robin. In the morning, the five realize they\'d spent the night in the "Skull Cave", where Christopher Robin is supposedly trapped. The five split up to search for Christopher Robin on their own. Pooh gets stuck in a small gap in the cave\'s crystals, and the four others tumble about before finding the "Eye of the Skull" where Christopher Robin is. They demonstrate their courage, strength, and intelligence to reach the eye  where they find Christopher Robin alive and well. He explains he was at school, and that the Skullasaurus is actually Pooh\'s growling stomach. Pooh, upon seeing Christopher Robin, excitedly frees himself from the crevasse, only to hit a rock wall and slide down into a deep pit, with no way out. While there, he realizes that Christopher Robin is still in his heart, even when they are not together, just as Christopher had promised. Christopher Robin then rescues Pooh from the deep pit with a large honey pot. The six exit the Skull Cave, only to discover that from the outside, it and all the other locations on the map weren\'t nearly as big, nor as scary as they seemed. They return home, and that evening, Christopher Robin says he will return to school the next day. Pooh declares that he will always be waiting for him, and the two happily watch the sunset, knowing they will always have each other in the sanctuary of the Hundred Acre Wood.'] ['{{Further2}} Now fourteen years old, Harry Potter dreams of an elderly man, Frank Bryce, who is killed after overhearing Lord Voldemort discussing plans with Peter "Wormtail" Pettigrew and Barty Crouch Jr. The Quidditch World Cup allows Harry to take his mind off his nightmares until followers of Voldemort known as Death Eaters terrorise the spectators\' campsites after the match, and Crouch Jr. summons the Dark Mark, a sign showing that Voldemort is returning to power. At Hogwarts, headmaster Albus Dumbledore introduces ex-Auror Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. In their first Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson, the students learn of the three Unforgivable Curses. The Imperius Curse causes absence of free will, the Cruciatus Curse causes unbearable pain, and the final curse, Avada Kedavra, causes death. Dumbledore announces that the school will host the Triwizard Tournament, in which one wizard from each of the three magical schools competes in three challenges. The champions are selected by the Goblet of Fire, a magical cup into which the candidates\' names are placed. Fred and George attempt to enter using an aging potion as no one under 17 can enter. This fails miserably. Cedric Diggory, a student from the House of Hufflepuff, is chosen to represent Hogwarts, Viktor Krum is chosen to represent Durmstrang Institute, and Fleur Delacour is selected to represent Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. The Goblet unexpectedly chooses a fourth champion: Harry. As Harry is underage and should have been ineligible to compete, Hogwarts teachers and students grow suspicious, and the feat drives Ron and Harry apart. The teachers want Dumbledore to pull Harry out of the tournament, but the four champions are bound by a magical contract and therefore Dumbledore has no choice and Harry must compete. For the first task of the Triwizard Tournament, each of the champions must retrieve a golden egg guarded by a dragon. Mad-Eye advises Harry to use his talent for flying to overcome the dragon. Harry enters the first task and summons his broomstick to retrieve the egg, which contains information about the second challenge. The students are soon informed of the Yule Ball, a Christmas Eve ball held during the Triwizard Tournament. Ron and Harry have trouble finding dates to the ball and when they find out that Hermione is attending with Viktor Krum, Ron becomes jealous. In exchange for previous aid, Cedric provides Harry with a clue that prompts him to open the egg underwater. With help from Moaning Myrtle, he learns that the second task entails the retrieval of "something precious" to each of the competitors from the nearby Black Lake, where there are mermaids. While preparing for the task, Neville Longbottom provides Harry with Gillyweed, enabling him to breathe underwater for one hour. Harry is the first to arrive at the location, and finds Ron, Hermione, Cho Chang and Fleur\'s sister, Gabrielle, in suspended animation. Finishing last after attempting to free Ron and Gabrielle, Harry is awarded second place for "outstanding moral fiber", behind Cedric. Following an exchange with Mad-Eye, Ministry official Barty Crouch, Sr. is found dead by Harry shortly after the second task. While waiting in Dumbledore\'s office, Harry\'s curiosity leads him to look into Dumbledore\'s pensieve, causing him to revisit one of Dumbledore\'s memories. He witnesses a trial before the Wizengamot in which captured Death Eater Igor Karkaroff, the current headmaster of Durmstrang, denounces a number of Death Eaters, including both Severus Snape and Barty Crouch Jr. While Dumbledore vouches for Snape\'s integrity, Crouch Sr. is horrified at this revelation and disowns his maniacal son, sending him to Azkaban. Upon returning to the present time, Dumbledore tells Harry that he is searching his memories for a clue as to why extraordinary events have taken place at Hogwarts since the start of the tournament. In the Triwizard Tournament\'s third and final task, the competitors are placed inside a hedge maze; their challenge is to reach the Triwizard Cup. Krum, acting under the Imperius curse, incapacitates Fleur and attempts to do the same to Cedric. Harry stops Cedric from attacking Krum, and the two run for the cup. When Cedric is trapped by vines, Harry frees him and the two claim a draw and grab hold of the cup together. The cup, which is a Portkey, transports the two champions to a graveyard where Wormtail and Voldemort are waiting for Harry. Wormtail murders Cedric, traps Harry, then performs a ritual that rejuvenates Voldemort, who then summons the Death Eaters  and bids them to witness a duel between their Dark Lord and his nemesis. As Harry, who is tortured by Voldemort, fights him, a connection called Priori Incantatem occurs between their wands. Harry\'s wand forces Voldemort\'s to disgorge the spirits of the people Voldemort has most recently murdered, including Harry\'s parents, Frank Bryce and Cedric. Harry is briefly protected by the spirits and escapes with Cedric\'s body  using the cup. Upon his return, Harry tells Dumbledore and Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge that Voldemort has returned and is responsible for Cedric\'s death. Mad-Eye leads a devastated Harry back to the castle, where his questions make Harry suspicious. Mad-Eye reveals it was he who put Harry\'s name in the Goblet, assisted Cedric and Neville in helping Harry, cursed Krum and so on. Dumbledore, Snape and McGonagall arrive and force Veritaserum, a truth-telling potion down Mad-Eye\'s throat. He reveals he is not Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody and the real one is imprisoned in a magical trunk minus his magical eye and fake leg. The false Mad-Eye\'s Polyjuice Potion  wears off and he is revealed as Barty Crouch Jr., who shows a pulsing Dark Mark tattoo on his forearm meaning Voldemort\'s returned. Soon after, students and staff of Hogwarts, Durmstrang and Beauxbatons gather in the Great Hall to say farewell to Cedric. Dumbledore exhorts them to stand together against Voldemort, as the representatives from Durmstrang and Beauxbatons leave Hogwarts.'] ['Ryan Flynn  is a young boy who, traumatized by the death of his father, has not spoken aloud or exercised his imagination since. While on a walk with a friend, Ryan falls from a bridge and apparently drowns. He finds himself in a parallel universe called the "Dust Factory", which houses all humans who are on the verge of death, but have yet to die. The Dust Factory\'s topography is immense, encompassing lakes, forests, mountains, and a wide field covered by dry grass. In the center of the Dust Factory, is a circus pavilion whose Ringmaster is a figure of some authority and dread. Each person dwelling in the Dust Factory must enter the circus pavilion and make a leap  across the arena into the arms of a trapeze artist to proceed into death or return to life. The latter decision occurs when a participant falls into the arena during the leap, leaving behind a pile of dust which marks the passage, gives the realm its name, and when disturbed allows the one doing so to enter a hidden chamber where they play ice hockey against the Ringmaster. In the Factory, Ryan regains his voice and is reunited with his grandfather , whose Alzheimer\'s disease has  prevented him from communicating with his family. The grandfather, who is apparently knowledgeable about the inner workings of the Dust Factory, advises and tells him stories. The stories he tells, which outwardly appear to convey no obvious meaning, contain hidden parables that Ryan must solve. The theme of belief/hope versus cynicism or despair surfaces in relation to one of these. Throughout the main body of the plot, Ryan spends a single endless day exploring the Dust Factory under weather conditions that are always favorable to wandering through the environments and marveling at natural beauty. He is guided by his grandfather and accompanied by a girl of his own age called Melanie Lewis , who has been in the Dust Factory for years, lacks any memory of her previous life, and lives under the delusion that the climate is of perpetual winter, despite the appearance to Ryan and the viewer of interminable summer. Melanie and Ryan, under the eye of Ryan\'s grandfather, become intimate friends. Their time is passed in an emotional atmosphere of joy and discovery, mitigated only by the influence of the mysterious Ringmaster, who interferes several times with their activity, and by Melanie\'s conflict with Ryan\'s grandfather, who wishes Ryan to "make the leap" across the arena and thereby contradicts Melanie\'s desire that all things remain in status quo forever. Matters gradually reach a climax, whereinafter Ryan\'s grandfather "makes the leap" and dies. Subsequently, against Melanie\'s wishes , Ryan makes the leap himself, but falls into the pile of dust and is sent back to life. Melanie then defies her own delusion of continual winter and makes the decision to determine her own fate. Having returned to life, Ryan resurfaces from beneath the water and is rescued by his friend. Although he no longer has any conscious memory of the Dust Factory, it seems to be present in his subconscious, is implied by the facts that he has regained his voice, has a general feeling of joy in life. He subsequently encounters Melanie, who in real life has recovered from a cerebral aneurism. Although neither Ryan or Melanie has any conscious memory of the other, they appear to subconsciously recognize each other.'] ["The adventures of The Wombles, strange creatures who live on Wimbledon Common and pick up the litter left by the humans. There's always time for a nice song and dance as well. This was a film version of the popular children's TV show."] ["Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm are traveling to a king's palace to present him with their fairy tales. Their carriage driver refuses to take them into the woods because they are said to be enchanted. Not wanting to miss their audience with the king, the brothers buy the carriage from the driver and travel into the woods alone. Placed under the enchantment of the woods, the brothers begin to encounter a wide range of characters that exist in their tales, including Snow White and Sleeping Beauty among many others."] ['Brothers Walter  and Danny  can never seem to get along with each other, or with their older teen-aged sister, Lisa . While staying at their divorced father\'s home while he is away at work, the boys discover an old clockwork-driven space-themed board game called "Zathura" in the basement. The two begin to play the game, the goal to be the first to reach the final space named Zathura. During each turn, the game provides a card with instructions, but the two quickly realize the cards affect reality. They soon discover the house is floating on a small rock in outer space, and when they try to warn Lisa about it, they find she is frozen in cryonic sleep as a result of one of the cards. The brother realize that the only way to end the game and hopefully return to Earth is to reach the end space of Zathura. As they continue to play, avoiding the dangers that the game\'s cards throw at them, the house comes under attack by a race of aliens called Zorgons. Another card brings aboard a stranded astronaut  who goes about eliminating the house\'s heat sources  and setting a couch on fire and pushing it outside into space to lure the Zorgon\'s ship away with its heat signature. As the brothers\' tension rises, Walter accuses Danny of cheating by moving a piece prematurely, but when Walter tries to correct it, the game reacts as if Walter was cheating and ejects him out of the house into the vacuum of space, but the Astronaut rescues him. On Walter\'s next turn, he receives a card that allows him to make a wish, and considers making a wish to make Danny go away. The Astronaut quickly warns him that he and his own brother had played the game years before, and he too had received the same card. He wished his brother away, but this caused him to be stuck in the game forever without a second player. The brothers agree to work together to finish the game quickly. Lisa wakes from her stasis, and unaware of the current events, turns up the thermostat. This causes the Zorgons to return, anchoring their ships to the house. The four evacuate to the upper floor but realize they have left the game downstairs. Danny uses the house\'s dumbwaiter to sneak past the aliens and retrieve the game. Walter uses a robot previously brought by an earlier turn to attack the Zorgons, and the aliens retreat. As the brothers continue to play the game, Walter receives another wish card; he uses it to bring back the Astronaut\'s brother which turns out to be Danny. The Astronaut explains he is an older Walter from an alternate timeline. Danny and Walter touch their counterparts, causing them to disappear. The Zorgons return to the house with a large fleet, intent on destroying it. Danny makes a final move to land on Zathura; in space, it is revealed that Zathura is a giant black hole that sucks up the Zorgon fleet and the house. The three children then find themselves in the house as it was before they started the game on Earth, just as their father arrives home and their mother comes to pick them up.'] ['Sinbad and his pirate crew attempts to steal the magical, mystical "Book of Peace" while it travels to Syracuse, Sicily, protected by Proteus; but is prevented when Cetus attacks the ship. Drawn underwater by Cetus, Sinbad is saved by Eris, the beautiful goddess of discord, who offers him any boon he desires in exchange for the Book of Peace. Sinbad and his crew go to Syracuse to steal the Book; but leave without doing so. Anticipating this, Eris impersonates Sinbad and steals the Book. Sinbad is sentenced to be executed; whereupon Proteus sends Sinbad to retrieve the book instead, placing himself as hostage, and Proteus\' fiancée Marina  goes to make sure that Sinbad succeeds. To prevent them, Eris sends a group of sirens, who entrance and seduce the men aboard Sinbad\'s ship with their enchantingly seductive, soft melodic singing voices, but do not affect Marina, who pilots the ship to safety; and later a Roc, who captures Marina, but is later killed by Sinbad. After these and other incidents, Sinbad and Marina enter Eris\' realm, where she reveals that her plan was to maneuver Proteus into Sinbad\'s place, leaving Syracuse without an heir, and agrees to surrender the Book of Peace only if Sinbad truthfully tells whether he will return to Syracuse to accept blame. When he answers that he will, Eris calls him a liar, and returns him and Marina to the mortal world. In Syracuse, the time allotted to Sinbad has elapsed, and Proteus is to be beheaded; but at the last minute, Sinbad appears to replace him. Angered by this, Eris saves him by shattering the executioner\'s sword to pieces, and quarrels with him for his honesty, but as part of the deal with Sinbad, she reluctantly gives the Book to him before disappearing. With the Book restored to Syracuse, Sinbad and his crew leave Syracuse on another voyage, leaving Marina behind. Proteus seeing that Marina has fallen in love with Sinbad, releases her from their engagement and sends her to join Sinbad\'s ship.'] ["The story is told from the point-of-view of Fiona — played by Jeni Courtney — a young girl who is sent to live with her grandparents in an Irish fishing village. Her grandfather weaves tall tales about the family's evacuation from their home on the tiny island of Roan Inish and his great-great grandfather, who once cheated death at the hands of the sea. As she meets other villagers, Fiona hears more personal stories about an ancestor who married a beautiful, part-human/part-seal, and more about how the sea stole her baby brother, Jamie, during the departure from Roan Inish. Later, Fiona believes that she has found Jamie romping in the grass on Roan Inish, and she must convince the family of her vision."] ['The story centers on the lovable Eubie the Elf , whose quest is to bring Christmas joy to an entire town of naughty children in a gloomy little town called Bluesville. Bluesville is a dark miserable town completely surrounded by cliffs on all sides, completely blocking the sun so that it only shines on Bluesville for a short time, when it\'s directly over the town. Because the town is so dark and gloomy, people never smile, and are put off by seeing Eubie smiling all the time, as his optimistic happiness makes him stick out in the gloomy town. Because people are so miserable in Bluesville, nobody knows how to tell a joke properly. Most of the people work at a place known as "The What Factory", where all the world\'s question marks are manufactured . Also, at the Bluesville school, recess only lasts for one minute . Eubie talks to the mayor about what is wrong with Bluesville, he explains everything in a song. Eubie asks the mayor if there\'s anything about Bluesvill that makes him feel proud, to which the mayor replies that Bluesvill is the world\'s largest manufacturer of non-flammable coal, which children enjoy throwing at people. The mayor then makes a deal with Eubie. The mayor promises Eubie that if he can find another use for non-flammable coal, he\'ll put a Christmas tree up in the town square. Eubie\'s first plan on getting the kids to help him make Bluesville a happier place is having them gather on a busy street and start a pie fight, but that only makes all the people angry. To search for more help, Molly , one naughty 10-year-old, takes Eubie to downtown Bluesville, the most miserable part of Bluesville, for a meeting of a group called S.L.O.B. , which only has one member of its group. While there, Molly and Eubie meets up with Curtis , who is there because he brought along his foreign friend, Yope, who doesn\'t speak English, but is happy to be there. Molly soon decides that Eubie\'s plans are hopeless, and tells him to just take all his big ideas home. At the mention of that, Eubie gets another idea, and is about to implement it when the lights in the room go off and Eubie is taken back to the North Pole. In his bid to get Bluesville off the Naughty List, Eubie violated several rules in one day. As punishment, Santa had Eubie turn in his hat, which, at the North Pole, meant his Christmas happiness and powers were taken away. When Gilda , Eubie\'s friend, learns of this, she motivates him to go back to Bluesville to finish his job, and gives him her hat to restore his powers and happiness. He then returns to Bluesville and explains to the kids his plan, and why they should do it in the form of a song, they get to work. That night, they give the mayor of Bluesville a bottle of anti-snore medicine in his sleep, while Eubie spends the night waxing all the cliffs surrounding Bluesville. While he is doing this, Derek, another friend of his, notices Gilda doesn\'t have her hat on, he soon figures out what is going on and, trying to follow the North Pole rules, he notifies one of the higher-ups. When Eubie has finished waxing the cliffsides of Bluesville, he says to himself that he has one thing left to do, but before he can do that, the same elves who took him back to the North Pole the first time come back to retrieve him again. This time, both are put on punishment and are sentenced to clean up the toy factory, with both their hats taken away. Derek, now alone at the Christmas office party, is sad and mad with himself for betraying his friends, and confesses to what he did to Eubie and Gilda. They forgive him, but it only makes him feel worse about himself, considering what he did to them. While wondering what he can do to make it up to them, they have him do the one thing Eubie intended to do to finish making Bluesville a happier place. When the sun shines over Bluesville again, people once again expect it to only last it usual four seconds, but after it disappears over the cliffsides again, leaving the people disappointed at not having the sun shine on them longer, the sun reflects of the freshly waxed walls, filling the whole town of Bluesville experience more sun than it\'s ever had before, making them feel happier than they had ever been in their lives. At the What Factory, the machine had been tampered with, so rather than grey question marks, the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes, which pleasantly surprises the factory workers. At the school, when recess starts, the bell has an elve\'s shoe placed over the ringer, blocking it from ringing the bell, which makes the kids ecstatic that they can continue playing. Molly comes out of the school, where Derek meets her. He tells her to find the mayor and give him a jar of wax, and a piece of non-flammable cole that was squeezed into a diamond , and to tell her that Eubie was sorry he couldn\'t be there. Molly happily goes to leave the schoolyard to find the mayor, but stays for a while to allow Curtis to tell a story that\'s actually funny. Molly finds the mayor and shows him the items in question, showing the mayor that there was indeed another use for non-flammable coal, the mayor remembers back to when he was a child and the town had a Chrtmas tree with a star on top that shined just like the coal. The mayor makes good on his word, putting up a Christmas Tree in the town square. That Christmas, Santa decides to make Eubie, Gilda, and Derek his sleigh crew that year for bringing joy to Bluesville, which has soon changed its name to Joyville.'] ["A ship sails into the kingdom of Dor, known for its 'Royal Soup Day.' Roscuro , a rat, is aboard with a human companion, Pietro. Roscuro is mesmerized by the aroma of soup being prepared in the castle's kitchens and he escapes Pietro to find the source. In doing so, he finds the castle banquet room and accidentally falls into the Queen's soup after she takes the first sip. The Queen then gets shocked and faints from sheer terror, falls headfirst in her soup bowl and eventually drowns with no one noticing. Meanwhile, Roscuro is being chased about the castle. The chase finally ends when Roscuro falls into a vent and plunges into the dungeons. The king in his grief orders soup to be forbidden and rats banished. These were the Dark Ages and the town falls into eternal darkness and famine. Roscuro, meanwhile, meets Botticelli , the brutal leader of the rat world. A few years later, an adventurous mouse, Despereaux Tilling  is born, and becomes friends with the lonely Princess Pea . Upon finding out that Despereaux has broken the law by speaking with a human, the Mouse Council banishes him to the dungeons. Antoinette Tilling , Despereaux's mother tries to run through to stop the Mouse Council from sending Despereaux into the dungeon, but Lester , Antoinette's husband, grabs her by the arm, because he cares more about the Mouse Council than he does about Despereaux. In the dungeon, Despereaux is caught, but he is saved by Roscuro from being eaten by the other rats. Despereaux tells Roscuro of the princess's gloom, which touches the rat. Roscuro approaches the princess to apologize, but she is terrified of him and he is chased out. Hurt, he decides to kidnap the princess. He enlists the help of a servant girl, Miggery Sow , whom he later double crosses, and locks in a cell. Meanwhile, Despereaux realizes that the princess is in danger. Back in the rat colony, Roscuro sees the apologetic sincerity in Pea's eyes and regrets his actions, but is unable to stop the rats, to whom he has given her, from clambering over her. Roscuro tries to tell the rats that Pea is not bad, but Botticelli does not let him because he wants Pea dead, even going as far as allowing the rats to eat or trample over Pea. Roscoro figures out that Botticelli is a double-crossing traitor and that Pea is doomed. However, little Despereaux lets loose a cat, and the rats run away before the cat goes back into its cage. Roscuro then forces Botticelli into the cage, where he is eaten by the cat. Mig is later reunited with her father, who recognizes the birthmark on her neck. It finally rains and the sun shines after soup is made for the first time in years. The mice all then try to be more brave like Despereaux. The king is able to overcome his grief and soup and rats were allowed back in the kingdom. Roscuro returns to a life at sea, where there was always light and a gentle breeze, and Despereaux himself takes off on a journey to see the world."] ["In an enchanted forest, a unicorn  learns that she is the last of her kind and decides to embark on a quest to learn what has become of the other unicorns. The Unicorn discovers from the addled dialogue of a butterfly  that a demonic animal called the Red Bull has herded all of her kind to the ends of the earth. Venturing into unfamiliar territory beyond the safety of her forest home, she begins a journey to find them and bring them back. Along the way she is captured for a time by the witch Mommy Fortuna , and is put on display in the cages of the witch's Midnight Carnival. The unicorn later makes friends with Schmendrick , an incompetent magician under the services of Mommy Fortuna. While most of the attractions there are simply normal animals with a spell of illusion placed on them , Fortuna has managed to capture the immortal harpy Celaeno  as well. The Unicorn eventually escapes and in the process, frees Celaeno, who kills Fortuna and her henchman Ruhk . The two of them later gain a second traveling companion, Molly Grue , the care-worn lover of bandit leader Captain Cully  of Greenwood Forest. When the Unicorn nears the seaside castle of King Haggard, supposed keeper of the Red Bull, she comes face to face with the Bull, (which turns out to be a monstrous fire elemental. At the last moment before her final surrender and capture, Schmendrick's unpredictable magic transforms her into a mortal young woman. In this human guise, the Red Bull is uninterested in her and departs. The change has disastrous consequences on the Unicorn who suffers tremendous shock at the sudden feeling of mortality in her human body. Schmendrick, Molly Grue, and the Unicorn  proceed to Haggard's castle and seek entry. King Haggard  is at first unwelcoming, and Schmendrick introduces the Unicorn only as his niece Lady Amalthea. Schmendrick requests that the three of them stay there as members of Haggard's court, only to be told that all of the royal complement has long since been dispatched: the only remaining occupants in the castle are Haggard, his adopted son Prince Lír , and four ancient men-at-arms. Haggard consents to lodging the trio, replacing his more competent on-call wizard with Schmendrick, and setting Molly Grue to work in his scullery. After a while, Amalthea begins to forget her identity and her reasons for coming to the castle, and eventually falls in love with Prince Lír. Caught in a complex web of newfound emotions, she struggles with thoughts of abandoning her quest for the sake of mortal love. Haggard confronts Amalthea in private conversation, hinting at the location of the unicorns, yet from the waning magic in her eyes, he has doubts regarding his previous suspicions that she is more than she seems. Molly ends up learning some clues on the location of the Red Bull's lair from a talking cat . Going through a secret passage in a broken clock in the castle basement, Schmendrick reveals Amalthea's true identity to Lír after explaining what they are looking for. Lír, however, isn't moved at all and says that he loves her anyway. This makes Amalthea want to abandon the quest and marry Lír, but Lír believes that the quest cannot be abandoned. The Red Bull soon appears, but is no longer deceived by Amalthea's false human form and chases after her. When Amalthea trips, she hurts herself and can't run any further.As Lír struggles to protect her, Schmendrick turns Amalthea back into the Unicorn, but she is unwilling to leave Lír's side. The Bull drives her toward the ocean, just as he earlier drove all the other unicorns, but she manages to run away and the bull gives chase. Lír, still in love with her, tries to defend her, but when he gets between them and blocks the bull's path, the bull doesn't stop and Lír is killed. Enraged, the Unicorn aggressively turns on the Bull and forces him into the sea. Carried on the white surf of incoming tides, the other unicorns emerge en masse from the water, causing Haggard's castle to collapse into the sea as they rush past, with Haggard falling to his death from the crumbling castle parapet. On the beach, the Unicorn magically revives Lír before she departs for her forest. Schmendrick assures Lír, now the king, that he has gained much by winning the love of a unicorn, even if he is now alone. The Unicorn briefly returns to say goodbye to Schmendrick, who laments that he has done her wrong by burdening her with regret and the taint of mortality. She disagrees and thanks him nonetheless for having helped to restore unicorns to the world, and though she is the only unicorn to feel regret, she is also the only unicorn to know love. The ending credits begin after Schmendrick and Molly watch the Unicorn depart for her home in the woods."] ['While circus animals are being transported, Mrs. Jumbo, one of the elephants, receives her baby from a stork. The baby elephant is quickly taunted by the other elephants because of his large ears, and they nickname him "Dumbo". Once the circus is set up, Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son, and she is locked up and deemed mad. Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him, he is now alone, except for a self-appointed mentor and protector, Timothy Q. Mouse, who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again. The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt, but Dumbo\'s ears cause the stunt to go wrong, injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top. Dumbo is made a clown as a result, and plays the main role in an act that involves him falling into a vat of pie filling. Despite his newfound popularity and fame, Dumbo hates this job and is now more miserable than ever. To cheer Dumbo up, Timothy takes him to visit his mother. On the way back Dumbo cries and then starts to hiccup so Timothy decides to take him for a drink of water from a bucket which, unknown to him, has accidentally had a bottle of champagne knocked into it. As a result, Dumbo and Timothy both become drunk and see hallucinations of pink elephants. The next morning, Dumbo and Timothy wake up in a tree. Timothy wonders how they got up in the tree, and concludes that Dumbo flew up there using his large ears as wings. With the help of a group of anthropomorphic crows, Timothy is able to get Dumbo to fly again, using a psychological trick of a "magic feather" to boost his confidence. Back at the circus, Dumbo must perform his stunt of jumping from a high building, this time from a much higher platform. On the way down, Dumbo loses the feather and Timothy tells him that the feather was never magical, and that he is still able to fly. Dumbo is able to pull out of the dive and flies around the circus, finally striking back at his tormentors as the stunned audience looks on in amazement. After this performance, Dumbo becomes a media sensation, Timothy becomes his manager, and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train.'] ['After being "created" by a dog, Doggy Poo meets various living and inanimate things. No one wants to be his friend, and Doggy Poo becomes sad because he believes he is worthless and has no purpose. Eventually, a plant grows out of the ground and tells Doggy Poo that she needs him so she can grow into a flower. Doggy Poo discovers his life purpose and he becomes absorbed by the flower. After being absorbed by the flower, Doggy Poo lives "a happy life".'] ['Winnie the Pooh and his friends hear a strange noise and find a set of large, perfectly circular footprints in the Hundred Acre Wood . They jump to the conclusion that the noise and prints are from a heffalump, and Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it; a disappointed Roo is told to stay behind, as everyone believes the expedition is too dangerous for one as young as he. Roo slips out on his own in search of the heffalump, and soon finds one; a playful young four-footed creature named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump IV , coloured lavender and having a British accent and a trunk like an elephant, but being not much larger than Roo. Roo is afraid at first, but the two quickly become friends and play. After a while, Lumpy hears his mother calling for him to come home. Roo wants Lumpy to come home with him to meet all of his friends first, and they head towards the Hundred Acre Wood. When they get to the fence, Lumpy suddenly stops; thinking that the "creatures" that live there are scary. Roo reassures him and they return to the Hundred Acre Wood, which is deserted, as everyone else is still out searching for the heffalump. Roo and Lumpy soon become great friends and find that they\'re not so different after all. While playing, the two friends hear Lumpy\'s mother calling him to come home again. Lumpy and Roo search for his mother, but she is nowhere to be seen. Lumpy uses his trunk to call to her, but doesn\'t work. After hours of searching, Lumpy assumes that they will never find her, and starts to cry. Roo sings a part of a song to Lumpy, that his mother sang to him earlier in the film; which gives Roo an idea, they could go find his mother, and see if she can help Lumpy. They soon find Kanga and the rest of the gang. Rabbit thinks that Lumpy has captured Roo, and the gang starts to chase Lumpy through the traps that were set up earlier in the film. All fails as Lumpy escapes through all the traps that they set up. Running after Lumpy, Roo gets caught in the last trap. A frightened Lumpy keeps on running, and escapes into the woods. Roo manages to get out of the trap, and runs to find Lumpy. He quickly sees that he is trapped in a giant cage. Lumpy madly tells his friend that he had broke his promise; as Roo had said before that his friends wouldn\'t be frightening. Roo makes many attempts to break the cage, but all fails to work. Roo apologizes for everything, and explains that it is all his fault. Roo looks up at the cage, and soon sees that the only way to free his friend, is to untie the rope holding the cage together. He climbs all the way to the top. He unties the rope, and frees Lumpy, who is very happy that Roo had rescued him, and Lumpy and Roo hug. Kanga, who had saw the whole thing, peeks from behind a tree, and is amazed what Roo had done. Then Rabbit, Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet come running around the corner, still thinking that Lumpy has captured Roo. They all lasso Lumpy. Roo jumps on Lumpy\'s head, and yells at them to stop, and explains to his friends that Heffalumps aren\'t scary nor are they mean. While Roo is explaining this, Lumpy starts to fall down a ditch, and sends Roo flying in the air and lands into a pile of giant logs, reaching down to 50 feet. Everyone, including Lumpy, try to save him, but nothing works. Lumpy then gets an idea, and tries to use his call to get his mother to come and save Roo. After a few tries, he finally gets his call right, and his mother comes and saves Roo. Lumpy\'s mother is very proud that he found his call, and they hug. Pooh then explains to Rabbit why the heffalump was in The Hundred Acre Wood; she was looking for her baby. Rabbit then apologizes to Lumpy for his behavior, and he forgives him. Lumpy\'s mother tells him it\'s time to go home. Lumpy says goodbye to his friend, but Roo has a better idea; He pleads to his Mom, "Just a bit longer?" and the movie is ended with Roo, and Lumpy playing together. The end credits show that Lumpy, Roo, Tigger, Rabbit, Eeyore, Piglet, and even Christopher Robin are best friends now.'] ['Elina, a wingless flower fairy, and her puffball friend Bibble watch their fairy friend Dandelion fly with three pixies. The pixies make fun of Elina for having no wings, but Elina ignores their taunting. Dandelion, however, defends Elina by fluttering her wings so hard that the small pixies are blown away. They later come back to warn Dandelion and Elina to go home "where it\'s safe". This is so they don\'t get kidnapped by someone named Laverna . Elina thinks that Laverna is a myth, but Dandelion is unsure so she goes home to ask her mother. Elina and Bibble go back to Peony, where her flower home is. Elina talks to Bibble about what the pixies said, but she thinks Topaz is too powerful to get kidnapped, as she is a guardian. Bibble is asleep, and Elina is still feeling uneasy, but Peony plays a lullaby for her, and she falls asleep. However, Topaz really has been kidnapped by Laverna. Laverna plans to kidnap all of the guardians, and then take over Fairytopia. Laverna calls her minions, Fungus, who reveal Laverna\'s formula. It had the power to weaken every flying creature in Fairytopia if they breathed it in; they would become so weak they would lose the power to fly. As she speaks, Laverna\'s minions are in all seven regions of Fairytopia and unleashing the formula. She thinks no one can stop her, as she is the only one with an antidote. Her main plan is to give everyone the antidote, and then everyone will love her for it and let her be their queen. In the morning, Bibble has to wake up Elina because Peony didn\'t sing to wake them up. Elina goes outside and sees that Peony, as well as all the other fairy homes, are sick. Dandelion comes to see Elina and tells her that some of the fairies are having trouble flying, and Topaz is gone; the closest guardian is Azura, and she is far away, in Fairytown. Elina thinks that she has to go to Fairytown to see Azura, but Dandelion doesn\'t think it is a good idea; Elina has never left the meadow before, and it takes hours to get to Fairytown, even if you have wings. Elina really thinks she can\'t actually get there, but Bibble and Dandelion volunteer to join her, and they leave the Magic Meadow. The trio enter a spooky forest and Dandelion flies up high to see if she can see a way out. When she is higher up, she breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and can\'t fly. Elina realizes that Dandelion is getting sick, and it would be too hard for Dandelion to walk like Elina, as Elina was used to walking. She urges Dandelion to go home before dark to avoid panicking her mother, so Dandelion leaves Elina and Bibble. Meanwhile, Laverna has kidnapped another guardian: Ruby. He remains loyal to the Enchantress, Laverna\'s sister, and the ruler of Fairytopia. Laverna shows Topaz and Ruby the state the Enchantress is in, and it turns out she is very weak because of the formula. Laverna urges Ruby to take advantage of her hospitality, like Topaz, who keeps eating food from Laverna. Elina and Bibble get out of the forest and encounter a new place where all of the flowers are wilting. Elina jumps up to one of the highest flowers to get a view of the horizon. Bibble flies in front of a flower that is like a tunnel, so they go inside it. At the end of the tunnel is the City Hall of Fairytown, but it is closed. They tells the man there that they need to see Azura but she is not there. A guardian named Larkspur comes and the man working in the city hall tells him that Ruby, and another guardian named Amethyst, have been kidnapped. He has to find Azura immediately, so Elina and Bibble take advantage of this and follow him. Elina and Bibble grab onto a flower and it floats after Larkspur, but they crash. They see Azura\'s house, but it is surrounded by guards. Elina and Bibble hide in a flower, but Azura spots them and tells them to leave. Elina tells Azura that they came all the way from Fairytopia, so Azura tells Elina to come closer. She sees a rainbow in Elina\'s eye for a second, and is shocked. She invites Elina into her house, and gives her food and shelter. Azura tells Elina that the rainbow in her eyes means she is destined for great things. When Elina goes to bed, Azura tells her that all of Fairytopia is in trouble and it is down to Laverna. In the morning she will leave to speak to a dryad named Dahlia, who lives in the Wildering Wood. Azura asks Elina to take care of her necklace. In the morning, Azura wakes up Bibble by tickling his belly and asks him to find Hue, who lives in the south; he needs to be given an important scroll. After that, Azura is about to leave, but is kidnapped by Fungus. Elina looks outside when she wakes up and sees that the guards have been tied up. A stout fairy thinks Elina has caused the trouble, so Elina runs away and gets helped by Hue, who has large wings and carries Elina to the Wildering Wood. In Laverna\'s lair, the Fungus arrive with Azura, and Laverna notices that Azura isn\'t wearing her necklace. The Fungus tell Laverna that wingless fairy had it. Laverna realizes that Elina wouldn\'t be affected by the forumla, as she couldn\'t fly. All of the Fungus are ordered to find Elina. Meanwhile, Hue tells Elina that after a day they will be in the Wildering Wood. However, they encounter some of Laverna\'s firebirds. To escape them, Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cove. Hue disturbs some relaxing mermaids when he flies too low, including Prince Nalu. Prince Nalu yells at Hue but stops when he sees Elina. Hue insists that the firebirds won\'t come down as they hate water, but they do. Prince Nalu throws them some special seaweed that will let them breathe underwater, so they all eat some. They swim with Prince Nalu to safety and he points them to the Wildering Wood. The prince hopes he can see Elina again, leading to Bibble making fun of them. They get on Hue but he breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and Elina orders him to land so he can rest. She asks Bibble to stay with Hue and she goes to find Dahlia by herself. When Elina is by herself, she begins doubting herself and comparing herself to Azura, a great guardian. Some happy trolls appear who will lead Elina to Dahlia. They go a long way, but still only see sick trees. Azura\'s necklace starts glowing and it "calls" Dahlia. The happy trolls leave and Dahlia says she can\'t help Elina; she doesn\'t want to help the guardians as the last time she tried to help them, none of them believed she was good except for Azura, as she had been working with Laverna. Azura believed that Dahlia would know how to defeat Laverna because of this, but Dahlia doesn\'t want to risk herself for Fairytopia. Elina convinces her otherwise and they go back to Hue and Bibble. Hue and Bibble insist on coming with Elina and Dahlia and they start to go after Laverna. In Laverna\'s lair, she has all the guardians kidnapped. Laverna places a crystal in her throne and the guardian\'s necklaces feel the presence of Azura\'s necklace, which is with Elina. Laverna knows she is near, so she orders the Fungus to get her. Dahlia tells Elina that, when she had left Laverna, Laverna had created a device that used the strength of her royal bloodline to suck the powers from the fairy guardian\'s necklaces, and transfer them to herself. She doesn\'t know how it works, but she knew that the "union point" would be the weakness. The group arrives at Laverna\'s lair, and they can\'t go in the air because of the firebirds. Their plan is to go in and find the union point, but Elina wants to go by herself as she has Azura\'s necklace. While Elina is running over to the lair, she almost gets caught by the Fungus, but Hue flies in with Dahlia to distract them. When Bibble tries to distract them he is captured. Elina makes it to the lair, and Dahlia, Bibble, and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus. When the Fungus leave, Elina finds them and tells Laverna to let them go. Laverna will only let them go if Elina gives her the necklace, but she refuses. Laverna sees the rainbow in Elina\'s eye, and tells her she could have wings if she went to Laverna\'s side. With the wings Laverna gave her, Elina becomes brainwashed. Laverna tells Elina that, together, they can have what they want; Laverna will rule Fairytopia, and Elina will have wings, with everything in her world as she remembered it. Laverna tells Elina to put Azura\'s necklace around Azura\'s neck, and Elina will get everything she\'s ever wanted. The guardians\' necklaces make them lose their powers and they start transferring to Laverna. Elina puts the necklace on Azura and snaps out of her brainwashed mindset, and sees that the union point is where the crystal is. She takes the necklace off Azura and throws it at the crystal, breaking it. The guardians get their powers back. Laverna, her throne, and her sceptre disappear. The guardians are safe. Back in the Magic Meadow, the pixies are flying again, and everyone is glad to see Elina. Hue comes to see Elina, and so does the Enchantress. She thanks Elina and her friends for saving everyone, and says that Elina has earned a great gift. The Enchantress gives Elina a rainbow colored necklace and flies away. The necklace begins to glow and Elina gets beautiful, pink wings. She flies with her own wings for the first time, and Elina, Dandelion, Hue and Bibble fly together.'] ['The Monster Squad is a society of young pre-teens who idolize classic monsters and monster movies and hold their meetings in a tree clubhouse. Club leader Sean , whose five-year-old sister Phoebe  desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing  - but his excitement is toned down when he finds it\'s written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick , and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the "Scary German Guy" , actually a kind gentleman, to translate the diary. When the Monster Squad wonders how the German man is knowledgeable about Van Helsing\'s battle with monsters, he wryly comments that "he has some experience with monsters" and his shirt sleeve briefly reveals a concentration camp tattoo. The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction, and the next day of balance falls within a couple days, at the stroke of midnight. The kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet before the day of balance arrives; once they have the amulet, the kids can use it — with an incantation from Van Helsing\'s diary — to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the prelude, van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula; his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula\'s immediate reach. Dracula, meanwhile, seeks to obtain the amulet before the Monster Squad does, so that the Count can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end he assembles several monstrous allies: a mummy, and an amphibious gill-man, and a Wolfman, in addition to three school girls  whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula steals a crate from an old World War II bomber in flight , thus completing his allies. However, Frankenstein\'s monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has also sought, and he gets acquainted with her. After Phoebe shows the Monster Squad that Frankenstein\'s monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room, under a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing\'s diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from simply taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet, and escape Dracula\'s grasp only with sheer luck and a talent for improvisation . The German man informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand — and in the nick of time, as shortly after they leave, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with a stick of dynamite. This also calls up another helper for the Monster Squad: Sean\'s father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged to investigate the strange happenings in town of late  but has been quite skeptical about their supernatural causes, not to mention Sean\'s hobby, in the first place. Del is further puzzled when he is getting warnings from the werewolf that his family is in danger, as the werewolf is actually also a reluctant pawn of Dracula in his human form. Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. The Monster Squad has the assistance of Sean\'s father and Patrick\'s older sister , as she\'s the only virgin they know who speaks German. Unfortunately, with time winding down, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As Dracula\'s Brides and the other monsters close in, it is realized that Phoebe, being five, must still be a virgin, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters. In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-Man, and the Wolf-Man are killed. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when the Frankenstein Creature turns against him, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him, but Sean is saved at the last minute by stabbing Dracula with a wooden stake, and Van Helsing, who briefly escaped from Limbo to take Dracula to his doom. Although Phoebe tries tearfully to hold onto him, Frankenstein\'s Creature says he must also enter the portal, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal to remember Phoebe. The portal then closes, ensuring the world\'s safety.'] [' Kiki is a 13-year-old witch-in-training, living in a village where her mother is the resident herbalist. It is traditional for witches to live for a year alone when they reach 13 years of age. In the opening of the story, Kiki takes off for the big city with her best friend Jiji, a loquacious black cat.  Kiki settles in Koriko, a port city. After a hard start, mostly because of her own insecurity, Kiki finds friends and a place to stay. But she has only one witch\'s skill: her ability to fly on a broom, at which she is still not fully proficient. So, in order to support herself, she begins a delivery service. Kiki experiences setbacks, and she must contend with adolescent worries. She is pursued by Tombo, a local boy crazy about aviation who has developed a genuine respect for her flying power and a strong liking for Kiki as a girl in general. Kiki eventually warms up to him, but after an unpleasant encounter with Tombo\'s friends, some of whom she had met earlier under unfavorable circumstances, Kiki\'s powers to fly and speak with Jiji suddenly diminish and ultimately disappear, leaving her devastated. However, one of her friends, a young painter named Ursula, invites her to stay in her forest cottage, where she analyzes Kiki\'s current crisis as "some form of artist\'s block." Since many things had not gone as hoped for, Kiki is experiencing such a period, which resulted in the loss of her powers; but if she finds a new purpose, she will be able to reclaim what she has lost. Heartened, Kiki returns to the city. While visiting one of her customers, she witnesses an accident on the television. A strong and sudden gust of wind blows in the area. Tombo is lifted into the air and blown away hanging from a dirigible. In her desperation to save him, Kiki pushes herself to regain her flying ability. Improvising with a street-sweeper\'s push broom, Kiki reactivates her power and rescues Tombo. During the credits, Kiki is now comfortably part of the life in Koriko as its own local celebrity and flying in formation with Tombo on his human-powered aircraft, a propeller-rigged bicycle and Osono gives birth to her first child. Kiki sends a letter to her parents about gaining confidence through difficulties and that she has decided to make this city her new home.'] [' In the Australian Outback, a young boy named Cody rescues and befriends a rare golden eagle called Marahute, who shows him her nest and eggs. Later on, the boy is captured in an animal trap set by Percival C. McLeach, a local wanted poacher. When McLeach finds one of the eagle\'s feathers on the boy\'s backpack, he is instantly overcome with excitement, for he knows that to capture such a gigantic bird would make him rich because he had caught one before . McLeach throws Cody\'s backpack to a pack of crocodiles in order to trick the Rangers into thinking that Cody was eaten, and kidnaps him in attempt to force him to tell about the whereabouts of Marahute. A mouse, the bait in the trap, runs off to alert the Rescue Aid Society. The message is sent to the Rescue Aid Society headquarters, and Bernard and Miss Bianca, the RAS\' elite field agents, are assigned to the mission, interrupting Bernard\'s attempt to propose marriage to Bianca. They go to find Orville the albatross who aided them previously, but instead find Wilbur, Orville\'s brother. Bernard and Bianca convince Wilbur to fly them to Australia to save Cody. In Australia, they meet Jake, a kangaroo mouse who is the RAS\' local regional operative. Jake falls in love with Bianca and starts flirting with her, much to Bernard\'s annoyance. He serves as their "tour guide" and protector in search of the boy. At the same time, Wilbur is immobilized when his spinal column is bent out of its natural shape, convincing Jake to send him to the hospital. As Wilbur refuses to undergo surgery and flees, his back is unintentionally straightened by the efforts of the mouse medical staff to prevent him escaping through a window, while simultaneously injuring the mouse doctor, giving him a taste of his own medicine. Cured, Wilbur departs in search of his friends. At McLeach\'s ranch, Cody has been thrown into a cage with several of McLeach\'s captured animals after refusing to give up Marahute\'s whereabouts. Cody tries to free himself and the animals, but is thwarted by Joanna, McLeach\'s pet goanna. Realizing that Marahute\'s eggs are Cody\'s weak spot, McLeach tricks Cody into thinking that someone else has shot Marahute, making Cody lead him to Marahute\'s nest. Bernard, Bianca, and Jake, knowing that Cody is in great danger, jump onto McLeach\'s Halftrack to follow him. At Marahute\'s nest, the three mice try to warn Cody that he has been followed; just as they do, McLeach arrives and captures Marahute, along with Cody, Jake, and Bianca. On McLeach\'s orders, Joanna tries to eat Marahute\'s eggs, but Bernard found the nest first and replaced the eggs with egg-shaped stones in order to protect them. An annoyed Joanna simply tosses the stones into the water. Wilbur arrives at the nest, whereupon Bernard convinces him to sit on the eagle\'s eggs, so that Bernard can go after McLeach. McLeach takes Cody and Marahute to Crocodile Falls, where he ties Cody up and hangs him over a group of crocodiles and attempts to feed him to them, but Bernard, riding a type of wild pig called a "Razorback", which he had tamed using a horse whispering technique used by Jake, follows and disables McLeach\'s vehicle, preventing the use of its crane to put Cody at risk. McLeach then tries to shoot the rope holding Cody above the water. To save Cody, Bernard tricks Joanna into crashing into McLeach, sending them both into the water. The crocodiles chase McLeach, while behind them the damaged rope holding Cody breaks apart. Although McLeach manages to fight off the crocodiles, only Joanna reaches the shoreline, while McLeach falls down an enormous waterfall. Bernard dives into the water to save Cody, but fails. Jake and Bianca free Marahute in time for her to save Cody and Bernard, sparing them McLeach\'s fate. Bernard, desperate to avoid any further incidents, proposes to marry Bianca, who accepts eagerly while Jake salutes him with a newfound respect. All of them depart for Cody\'s home. Wilbur, whom they have neglected to relieve of his task, incubates the eggs until they hatch, much to his dismay.'] ['Young Bart Collins lives with his widowed mother Heloise. The major blight on Bart\'s existence is the hated piano lessons he is forced to endure under the tutelage of the autocratic Dr. Terwilliker. Bart feels that his mother has fallen under Terwilliker\'s ominous influence, and gripes to visiting plumber August Zabladowski, without much result. While grimly hammering away at his lessons, Bart dozes off and enters a fantastical musical dream, in much the same fashion as Judy Garland in The Wizard of Oz. In the dream, Bart is trapped at the surreal Terwilliker Institute, where the piano teacher is now a madman dictator who has imprisoned non-piano-playing musicians. He also built a piano so large that it requires Bart and 499 other boys  in order to play it. Bart\'s mother has been turned into Terwilliker\'s hypnotized assistant and bride-to-be, and Bart must dodge the Institute\'s guards as he scrambles to save both his mother and himself. He tries to recruit Mr. Zabladowski, who has been hired to install all of the Institute\'s lavatories ahead of a vital inspection, but only after much skepticism and foot-dragging is the plumber finally convinced to help. The two of them empty their pockets and construct a noise-sucking contraption which ruins the mega-piano\'s opening concert. The enslaved boys cheerfully run riot, and the "VERY atomic" noise-sucker explodes in spectacular fashion, bringing Bart out of his dream. The movie ends on a hopeful note for Bart, when the real-life Mr. Zabladowski finally notices Heloise, and offers to drive her into town in his jeep. Bart escapes from the piano, and triumphantly runs off to play.'] ['Ben Ravencroft, a famous horror writer who Velma is a big fan of, assists the Mystery, Inc. gang in solving a case at a museum. Ben invites them to his hometown, Oakhaven in New England. When they arrive, they find the town converted into a tourist attraction by Mayor Corey, complete with 17th-century replicas and attractions based on the alleged ghost of Sarah Ravencroft, an ancestor of Ben\'s who was persecuted as a witch by the town in 1657. Ben disputes this, claiming Sarah to be a Wiccan who used natural herbs to heal people and had a diary that could prove her innocence. Scooby and Shaggy are chased by a witch and run into Ben and the gang. They find broken tree branches at the scene and are drawn to an all-female goth rock band, "Hex Girls", lead by Sally "Thorn" McKnight. The gang then decides to split up; Fred and Daphne stay to watch the Hex Girls, Velma and Ben go explore an old barn and Shaggy and Scooby follow the Mayor. Fred and Daphne see Thorn doing some sort of ritual and are convinced the Hex Girls are witches. Velma and Ben find a cherry-picking truck in the barn. Scooby and Shaggy follow Corey, until they encounter the witch and flee to the gang. The gang, Ben and the Hex Girls meet in the woods. The witch appears and gives chase, but is captured by Velma. The witch is revealed to be Mr. McKnight, who is Thorn\'s father. Velma locates the truck and explains that the truck\'s arm made the witch appear to fly, with the townspeople jointly involved. Ben scolds everyone involved for exploiting Sarah\'s good name. Back at Ben\'s house, the gang apologize to the Hex Girls and Thorn explains the ritual was for soothing her vocal cords and that she is actually part Wiccan. Corey and Mr. McKnight arrive to apologize to Ben for using his ancestor in their publicity stunt, explaining the witch was to boost the town\'s failing tourist economy and that they found inspiration from digging up the head marker for Sarah\'s grave. It is then recalled that Scooby found what appeared to be belt buckle earlier, which was actually from Sarah\'s diary. Everyone goes to the buckle\'s location, where Scooby discovers the buried book, which is actually a spell book. Ben reveals that Sarah was indeed a witch who was imprisoned within her book by Wiccans. He engineered the encounters with the gang, as he knew they could lead him to the book. Ben taps into his ancestral powers and summons Sarah. He soon discovers, however, that her ambitions are to destroy the world, rather than build it. Disillusioned, Ben attempts to imprison Sarah, but learns that only a Wiccan could defeat her. The gang launches an attempt to get the book with Sarah turning pumpkins, trees, and turkeys into monsters to stop them. Daphane and Velma free the Hex Girls and Velma convinces Thorn to use her part Wiccan ancestry to banish Sarah into her imprisonment. Sarah, however, manages to pull Ben in to suffer her fate, and they are both imprisoned inside the book. The book is then destroyed when a tree branch which caught fire falls on it and incinerates it. The gang and townsfolk celebrate their deliverance with a Hex Girl concert.'] ["The film begins with Tigger wanting to ski, but Winnie the Pooh and Piglet point out that there's no snow. So, they go ask Rabbit what day of the year it is. Rabbit's calendar pages blow away, but he doesn't realize it, and claims that it's February 2,, Groundhog Day. In an effort to find out if there are two more weeks of winter or if spring comes tomorrow, they ask Gopher if he sees his shadow. Gopher angrily points out he's a gopher not a groundhog, so they have Piglet pretend to be a groundhog. He can't see through his mask, so they all prepare for spring by airing out their houses, planting gardens and spring cleaning. But, later that day, it snows. Rabbit confronts Piglet and tells him that it's all his fault, and goes home to see that his calendar pages are on the floor, and realizes that it's not Groundhog Day, it's only November 13,. Feeling awful for what he said, Rabbit goes to apologize to Piglet, only to find a note from Piglet saying that he's gone to look for a real groundhog. Rabbit frantically goes looking for Piglet. Meanwhile, Piglet can't find a groundhog, and decides to go home after a pile of snow falls on him, and he leaves his hat behind on the pile of snow. Rabbit finds the pile of snow. Thinking that it's Piglet frozen solid, he rushes to Pooh's house, where he, Tigger and Pooh melt the ice. Thinking that Piglet has melted, Rabbit cries, and apologizes for everything, only to realize that the real Piglet is behind him. Rabbit tells everyone that it's November 13,. So, they decide to get ready for Thanksgiving. When Thanksgiving arrives, Pooh is at his house, when Christopher Robin arrives, and they talk about the celebration at Rabbit's house later that day. Pooh then dances around the Hundred Acre Wood singing about Thanksgiving. Everyone, except Christopher Robin, arrives at Rabbit's house with food that they each brought. Rabbit tells everyone that what they brought is not a traditional Thanksgiving dinner. He assigns Owl to wash the dishes, Gopher to make the pumpkin pie, Tigger and Eeyore to pick cranberries, and most importantly Pooh and Piglet are to get the turkey. Gopher literally blows up a pumpkin to make the pumpkin pie. Tigger and Eeyore gather up cranberries, while Tigger sings a silly song about berries. But, on their way back to Rabbit's house, they realize that there's a hole in their sack, and go to pick some more cranberries, only to fall into Pooh and Piglet's turkey trap. Thinking that they've captured a turkey, Pooh and Piglet take the sack to Rabbit. Gopher arrives with the pie, and sits it on the table next to the sack that Tigger and Eeyore are in. Everyone is scared to open the sack, but Tigger and Eeyore brake out, and Tigger accidentally throws the pie, but then Rabbit catches it, only to have Tigger scare him, and it hits him in the face. Everyone disappointedly goes home. Pooh realizes that if they all share the food they originally brought, they can have a great Thanksgiving. So, he gathers up everyone, and they surprise Rabbit with the Thanksgiving dinner they've set up. They are joined by Christopher Robin, who proposes a toast, with lemonade, to the best Thanksgiving celebration ever. Everyone sings about what Thanksgiving is really about, friends. A month later, on Christmas Eve, everyone, except Christopher Robin and Gopher, are at Rabbit's house decorating. Roo is worried that Santa won't like his cookies, but Kanga assures him that Santa will love his cookies. Tigger arrives with a special delivery from Kessie, a bird that Rabbit took care of. Roo is curious and asks who Kessie is. So, Rabbit tells him the whole story. Rabbit, Tigger, Piglet, and Pooh Bear are desperately trying to save a carrot during a blizzard. They hear a cry for help, and see a baby bluejay hanging onto a tree. Rabbit begins to panic, and rushes to his house to get a ladder. But because of the wind, Rabbit, Piglet, Tigger, and Pooh end up flying on Rabbit's front door. Rabbit catches the bluejay in Pooh's hunny pot, and they crash into Rabbit's house. Rabbit decides to take care of the baby bluejay, who calls herself Kessie, himself. After a mishap with a bath that Pooh and Piglet gave her, Kessie winds up in a bubble, and when it pops, Rabbit catches her, and tells her to never go up so high again. In the summer, an older Kessie holds onto Tigger's back, while he bounces onto a large tree, which falls, leaving Kessie and Tigger hanging on for dear life. Rabbit arrives to help, but Kessie slips from Rabbit's hand, and plummets off the cliff. Rabbit tries to go after her, but Tigger manages to get off the tree and stop him, telling Rabbit that Kessie is gone. They hug and cry. Meanwhile, Kessie is still plummeting and Owl arrives and tells her to flap her wings. Back on top of the hill Rabbit sadly says that he never told Kessie that he loved her. Kessie and Owl arrive, and Kessie and Rabbit hug. Kessie tells Rabbit that Owl is going to teach her how to fly. Rabbit refuses to let her fly, and with that, they go home. In the fall, Rabbit is reading Kessie a story about a princess, and a knight. Kessie looks out the window to see other birds flying South for the winter. She announces that she's going to go outside. For days, she tries to fly, but is caught by Pooh, who promises not to tell Rabbit. Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet have an idea on how to get Kessie South for the winter, a giant slingshot. When Kessie is about to take off, Rabbit arrives, and stops her. He yells at Pooh, and tells Tigger to let go of the slingshot. Tigger lets go, and Rabbit is hit, and falls off the same cliff Kessie had fallen off of that summer. Kessie quickly swoops down, and grabs Rabbit, and brings him back to the top. Now that Kessie can fly, she plans on going South the next day. That night, Rabbit is sadly looking at Kessie's stuffed bunny. Kessie asks Rabbit to read her one last bedtime story, but Rabbit claims that Kessie doesn't need him for anything, and goes to bed. Kessie cries all night. The next morning, Owl, Pooh, Piglet, and Tigger say goodbye to Kessie as she prepares to fly South. Meanwhile, Rabbit is in his garden feeling sad, and stubs his toe on a potted carrot, that Kessie had planted. He rushes to say goodbye to Kessie, but finds he's too late, Kessie is gone. He begins to cry, but Kessie comes back to say goodbye. Later that day, Pooh and Piglet are relaxing by Christopher Robin's favorite tree talking about how Rabbit loved Kessie, and how they can't wait to see her again. They look down below them to see Rabbit sitting by another tree. Back in the present, Rabbit tells Roo that he hasn't seen Kessie since then. Rabbit looks at his clock to see that it's getting late, and hurries everyone outside to decorate a tree. Christopher Robin arrives to help decorate. After the tree is done, Rabbit realizes he forgot the most important part, a star to go on top of the tree. Rabbit is really sad, but then sees a falling star. Everyone gathers to make a wish, only to realize that it's not a falling star, it's Kessie holding a star, which she puts on the tree. Rabbit and Kessie hug, and Kessie wishes Rabbit a Merry Christmas, ending the film."] ['{{In-universe}} Magical twin sisters are separated at birth by their protectors, Karsh and Ileana, when the Darkness attacks their homeland of Coventry and kills the twins\' father through a war that is going on. They survived because their father, Aron, gave all of his magic to the twins and whenever they are together they are safe; their combined power is enough to fend off the Darkness. For their protection, Karsh and Ileana flee Coventry and hide the twins safely in a non-magical dimension . Camryn  grows up in an upper-class family and becomes a social butterfly. She wears a sun amulet, and always awakes with the sunrise. She likes to draw, and unknowingly draws extremely realistic pictures of Coventry and her birth mother, Miranda. Alex  grew up in a middle-class home with a single mother . She wears a moon amulet and is always up until the moon sets. She is a bookworm and is always writing stories about Coventry and their mother, unaware they are true. On her 21st birthday, Halloween, Camryn and her friend, Beth, go shopping, while Alex goes looking for a job. At a fashion store, the two sisters meet for the first time. Alex goes running from the store, and Camryn goes after her. When she takes her hand in hers, their magic is released. They bond as sisters, trying to understand what\'s happened to them, and get to know about each others\' lifestyles. This is when they meet Karsh and Ileana, who tell the story of Coventry, which Alex has been writing in her journal, thinking it was only a story she created. Alex doesn\'t want to take any part in restoring Coventry\'s light, and leaves with Camryn. Camryn manages to convince Alex to stay and the two bond and manage to cast a few spells . They come up with the name Twitches, a fusion of the words twin and witches. While at Alex\'s apartment, the Darkness arrives suddenly and chases them throughout the home. The sisters use their magic and barely escape. Camryn is now freaked out, and doesn\'t want to have any part of their destiny. She leaves for her birthday party on Earth. Alex feels as though she was abandoned, and goes to Coventry on her own. She meets Miranda, her mother, and Thantos, their uncle and stepfather. While at Camryn\'s party, the Darkness once again attacks. She realizes who the Darkness is , and goes to her sister and mother, after Karsh and Ileana were swallowed by Thantos. She makes it there just as Thantos arrives. Then it is revealed that Thantos is really the Darkness and swallows Miranda. He killed the girls\' father, his own brother. Alex and Camryn combine their magic of light and love to destroy Thantos. They restore Coventry\'s light, and return to Camryn\'s home, along with Miranda, Karsh, and Illeana to have cake. The movie ends with the sisters cheering, "Go Twitches, go Twitches, it\'s our birthday, it\'s our birthday!" Notes: It is revealed that Alex\'s real name is Artemis and Camryn\'s real name is Apolla. It is likely that they were named after the Greek Olympian Twins Apollo and Artemis, but on the contrary Apollo is a boy. Another allusion to the Olympian Twins is that Artemis is the goddess of the Moon while Alex  wears a moon amulet and Apollo is the god of the sun while Camryn  wears a sun amulet. Thantos is also derived from Thanatos, the Greek \'grim reaper\'.'] ['During the early Victorian period, in the town of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh, England, Irishman Matthew Mugg  takes his young friend Tommy Stubbins ([[William Dix  to visit eccentric Doctor John Dolittle. It is Matthew\'s wish that the Doctor tend to an injured duck Tommy has found and upon arrival, Tommy finds that Dolittle, a former people\'s physician, lives with a houseful of animals - pigs, sheep, goats, ducks, horses, cows, a chimpanzee named Chee-Chee , a dog named Jip, and a talking parrot named Polynesia  among them. The night is stormy, so Tommy and Matthew stay with Dolittle. He tells them the story of how he learned to speak animal languages, 497 to be exact. He was once a doctor, but he preferred animals to people. He kept a menagerie, which was causing havoc and losing him patients. A casual comment by Polynesia revealed that animals can talk to each other, prompting Dolittle to study the languages of the animals so that he could become an animal doctor instead. The following day, a short sighted horse named Tubble seeks Dolittle\'s assistance, but the horse\'s owner - General Bellowes  - takes offence to Dolittle\'s notions of talking animals. Bellowes\' niece Emma Fairfax  chides Dolittle for his irresponsibility and rudeness to her uncle. Dr. Dolittle is unmoved, however, and she storms off in a huff. For Matthew, by contrast, it is love at first sight. He nicknames her Fred on the spot, due to her wishing she were a man, with the power to punish Dr. Dolittle, and when she has gone, he admits he finds her attractive. Long Arrow, a friend of Dolittle\'s, sends him the rare two-headed Pushmi-pullyu, a creature that looks like a llama with a head on each end of its body, from Tibet. Matthew, Tommy and Dolittle take the creature to a nearby circus, run by the lovable yet greedy Albert Blossom , who makes the Pushmi-Pullyu the star attraction. Meanwhile, the doctor befriends a circus seal named Sophie who longs to return to her husband. He disguises her in women\'s clothing, sneaks her away, and throws her into the ocean from some cliffs. However, two fishermen mistake the seal for a woman, and haul Doctor Dolittle off to court. Dolittle is horrified to learn that General Bellowes is the judge. Dolittle proves he can converse with animals, but the judge and jury agree that Dr. Dolittle belongs in a lunatic asylum. Dolittle\'s friends break him out of prison, and he, Matthew, Tommy, Polynesia, Chee-Chee and Jip take the doctor\'s ship, the Flounder, out onto the ocean to search for the legendary Great Pink Sea Snail. Emma sneaks aboard as well. After sticking a hatpin at random into an atlas to determine their destination, they set their course for Sea-Star Island, a floating island. The ship is torn apart during a fierce storm, but everyone makes it to what turns out to be Sea-Star Island. Emma has arrived ahead of them, and when she and Dr. Dolittle are alone briefly, they admit they have grown to like each other. There is implication Emma has begun to fall in love with him, though the doctor simply respects her cleverness. The party is met by the natives, who are highly educated and cultured due to all the flotsam and jetsam that have floated ashore from shipwrecks over the centuries; their leader is William Shakespeare the Tenth . Sea-Star Island is endangered by climate changes due to its drifting further north than usual into colder waters. When Dolittle persuades a friendly whale to help push the island south, a balancing rock is shaken into fire mountain and the party are sentenced to "the death of ten thousand screams." However, when the whale pushes the island so that it rejoins the mainland, the doctor and his friends are freed. While treating the animals on the island, Dolittle encounters a surprise patient - the Great Pink Sea Snail itself, who has caught a severe cold. Dolittle cures him and discovers that the snail\'s shell is watertight and can carry passengers. Dolittle sends Matthew, Tommy, Emma, Polynesia, Chee-Chee, and Jip back to England with the snail. Emma finally admits her feelings for the Doctor, and kisses him goodbye. She expresses a wish to stay on the island with him, but the Doctor is adamant that a relationship would never work, though he does wish to stay in touch. Doctor Dolittle himself cannot go back, since he is still a wanted man; furthermore, he wishes to investigate the natives\' stories of the Giant Lunar Moth. As his friends leave, however, Dolittle finds he is not so impervious to feelings as he thought. Dolittle is still living amongst the tribe when Sophie the seal turns up, accompanied by her husband, with a message: the animals of England have gone on strike without him, the people have changed their views towards him, and even Bellowes has agreed to pardon him if he returns home. Dolittle and the tribesfolk then construct a saddle for the Giant Lunar Moth, and he flies back to England.'] ['Fifteen-year-old Katara  and her sixteen-year-old older brother, Sokka , are near a river at the Southern Water Tribe, a small village in the South Pole. While hunting, they discover an iceberg that shoots a beam of light into the sky. Inside of the iceberg is a boy named Aang  and a giant flying bison named Appa. Unknown to them, Aang is the long lost Avatar — the only person on the planet able to "bend" all four elements. One hundred years have passed since the Fire Nation has declared war on the other three nations of Air, Water and Earth in their attempt to conquer the world. Zuko , is an exiled prince of the Fire Nation on a quest to find the Avatar and bring him as prisoner to his father, Fire Lord Ozai , so he can return back home. Seeing the light that appeared from Aang\'s release, Zuko and some Fire Nation soldiers arrive at the Southern Water Tribe to demand the villagers hand over the Avatar. Aang reveals himself as he surrenders himself to Zuko on the condition that he agrees to leave the village alone. On the ship, Aang is tested by Zuko\'s uncle Iroh  to confirm him to be the Avatar. After being informed that he is to be their prisoner for passing the test, Aang escapes using his glider and flies to his flying bison brought by Katara and Sokka. Aang and his new friends visit the Southern Air Temple where they meet a winged lemur, who Aang later names Momo. Aang also learns that he was in the ice for a whole century and that the Fire Nation wiped out all of the Air Nomads, including his guardian, Monk Gyatso. In despair, he enters the Avatar State and finds himself in the Spirit World where he encounters a Dragon Spirit that tells him that he only knows Airbending, and that he also needs to learn Waterbending, Earthbending and Firebending in order to become a fully realized Avatar. The Dragon Spirit tells him that he should learn Waterbending first, and that the best teachers are in the Northern Water Tribe as there no more Waterbenders in the Southern Water Tribe. To seek shelter, Aang\'s group arrive at a little Earth Kingdom village controlled by the Fire Nation, and they are arrested because Katara tries to help a young boy escape from a Fire Nation patrol soldiers. They incite a rebellion by reminding the disgruntled Earthbenders that earth was given to them. Katara is given a Waterbending scroll that she uses to greatly strengthen and hone her Waterbending and help Aang learn as they make their way to the Northern Water Tribe and liberate and secure more Earth Kingdom villages in the process, weakening the Fire Nation\'s food and water supplies. During a side track to the Northern Air Temple on his own, Aang is betrayed by a peasant and captured by a "group of Fire Nation archers, led by Commander Zhao , a Fire Nation Commander appointed by the Fire Lord. However, a masked marauder, the "Blue Spirit", helps Aang escape from his imprisonment. Zuko is the masked vigilante, and Zhao realizes this. He arranges to kill the prince. Zuko survives the assassination attempt on his life with Iroh\'s help. He sneaks aboard Zhao\'s lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe, which is a heavy fortress, to capture the Avatar. Upon arriving, Aang\'s group is welcomed warmly by the citizens of the Northern Water Tribe. Immediately, Sokka befriends the Northern Water Tribe princess, Yue . After a few agreements, a Waterbending master, Pakku , teaches Aang Waterbending. Soon, the Fire Nation arrives and Zhao begins his attack while Zuko begins his search for the Avatar on his own. After defeating Katara in a battle, Zuko captures Aang as he enters the Spirit World to find the Dragon Spirit to give him the wisdom to defeat the Fire Nation. Returning to his body, Aang battles Zuko before Katara freezes him. Before leaving to join the battle, Aang lowers the ice so that Zuko can breathe. As the battle escalates, Iroh watches Zhao capture the Moon Spirit, with which its Ocean Spirit counterpart had assumed the form of a fish. Despite Iroh\'s pleas, Zhao kills the Moon Spirit to strip all of the Waterbenders of their powers and abilities to Waterbend. Yue explains to everyone that the Moon Spirit gave her life, willing to give it back as she dies in the process. With the tables turned, Zhao finds out Zuko survived. They almost fight before Iroh appears and tells Zuko it\'s not worth it. Zhao is drowned by Waterbenders after Zuko and Iroh leave him to his fate. With his Waterbending powers, Aang enters the Avatar State and raises the ocean into a gigantic wall in order to drive the armada back. Aang now fully embraces his destiny as the Avatar as he, Katara and Sokka prepare to continue their journey to the Earth Kingdom to find an Earthbending teacher for Aang. The Fire Lord learns of the defeat, and angry about the betrayal of his brother Iroh and the failure of his eldest son Zuko, he tasks his youngest daughter Azula  to stop the Avatar from mastering Earth and Fire before the arrival of Sozin\'s Comet.'] ['After being raised by a normal-sized man, tiny Tom Thumb  sets out to find others of his diminutive stature. He happens upon Thumbelina , a former circus performer, who is not only his size and age, but is also looking for others like her. But just as they meet, Thumbelina is taken prisoner by the comically sinister Mole King , who wants to make her his bride.'] ["Ashley  is depressed because her father Jack  spends all his time focusing on his job instead of her and her older brother Joshua . She constantly records his radio show and listens to it. One day, her father takes them to a remote Canadian lake that was popular with tourists due to a myth about an aquatic monster named Orky. They rented a cabin next to an elderly Native American man who was confined to a wheelchair. Jack meets a local psychiatrist named Wanda  who is trying to aid some local men who claim that they have been possessed by Orky. When Ashley runs away, Jack also has the same experience whilst looking for her. As a result he becomes more devoted to his children. Ashley and Joshua find out that the reason that Orky is possessing people is to try and tell them that he is dying because a businessman is dumping toxic waste into the lake. Ashley and Joshua help the old man in the cabin next to theirs to find a totem pole in the woods. With the help of Hiro , the son of some Japanese monster seekers, they expose the businessman's illegal dumping. Orky, however, still dies from the poisonous waste. The old man summons a lighting bolt which enters a hole in the cave where Orky lives. Ashley and Hiro stay on the dock overnight and leave some cookies out. When she realises that the cookies have been eaten Ashley screams with joy which suggests that Orky is still alive."] ['The actors from the Benji films are on a promotional tour in Switzerland and are asked to be grand marshalls of a Christmas parade in Zermatt. Due to a broken leg Kris Kringle is sending his elves out to deliver presents, and as this will force them to miss the parade he wants them to meet Benji first. With help from the Benji actors, Kringle realises the true meaning of Christmas and performs a musical number showing how Saint Nicholas appears all over the world.'] ["Because of the repercussions left from his last adventure, Munchie must appear before a celestial court presided over by Kronus . The tribunal proceeds to blame Munchie for a number of historical calamities, including the sinking of Atlantis, the crash of the Hindenburg, the catacylism of Vesuvius, the meltdown of Chernobyl. As punishment, he is sentenced to help single mom Linda McClelland . Linda's son Chris  is the only one who can see Munchie, and Munchie and he become best buddies. Chris is the pitcher of a Little League team, and is being bullied by Brett Carlisle , who is his rival in baseball as well as for the attentions of the girl-next-door Jennifer . While out of town on a business trip, Linda's boss makes improper advances to her. When she refuses his advances, he fires her. This creates financial hardship on the family. Munchie intervenes in their lives, making it so Chris has a perfect game and impresses Jennifer, and Linda finds a bag of money to prevent eviction. Munchie appears back before the tribunal, who assign his next punishment... to help Bill Clinton."] ['{{right}} In 1958, the Kusakabe family reunites when a university professor and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei  move into an old house in rural Japan to be closer to the hospital where their mother is recovering from an unnamed, long-term illness. The daughters find that the house is inhabited by tiny animated dust creatures called susuwatari — small, dark, dust-like house spirits seen when moving from light to dark places. When the girls become comfortable in their new house and laugh with their father, the soot spirits  leave the house to drift away on the wind. It is implied that they are going to find another empty house--their natural habitat. While she is playing outside one day, Mei sees two white, rabbit-like ears in the grass. She follows the ears under the house where she discovers two small magical creatures , who lead her through a briar patch and into the hollow of a large camphor tree. She meets and befriends a larger version of the same kind of spirit , which identifies itself by a series of roars that she interprets as "Totoro" (in the original Japanese [[Dubbing .{{cite web}} She falls asleep atop the large totoro, but when Satsuki finds her, she is on the ground in a dense briar clearing. Despite her many attempts, Mei is unable to show her family Totoro\'s tree. Her father comforts her by telling her that this is the "keeper of the forest," and that Totoro will reveal himself when he wants to. One rainy night, the girls are waiting for their father\'s bus and grow worried when he does not arrive on the bus they expect him on. As they wait, Mei eventually falls asleep on Satsuki\'s back and Totoro appears beside them, allowing Satsuki to see him for the first time. He only has a leaf on his head for protection against the rain, so Satsuki offers him the umbrella she had taken along for her father. Totoro is delighted at both the shelter and the sounds made upon it by falling raindrops. In return, he gives her a bundle of nuts and seeds. A bus-shaped giant cat halts at the stop, and Totoro boards it, taking the umbrella. Shortly after, their father’s bus arrives. The girls plant the seeds. A few days later, they awaken at midnight to find Totoro and his two miniature colleagues engaged in a ceremonial dance around the planted nuts and seeds. The girls join in, whereupon the seeds sprout, and then grow and combine into an enormous tree. Totoro takes his colleagues and the girls for a ride on a magical flying top. In the morning, the tree is gone, but the seeds have indeed sprouted. The girls find out that a planned visit by their mother has to be postponed because of a setback in her treatment. Satsuki takes this very hard, having reached the age where she fully understands the concept of death. Frustrated and frightened, she yells at Mei, then stomps away. Mei, believing that her mother can be cured by healthy food, sets off on foot to the hospital with an ear of corn. Mei\'s disappearance prompts Satsuki and the neighbors to search for her. Eventually, Satsuki returns in desperation to the camphor tree and pleads for Totoro\'s help. Delighted to be of assistance, he summons the Catbus, which carries her to where the lost Mei sits. Having rescued her, the Catbus then whisks her and Satsuki over the countryside to see their mother in the hospital. The girls perch in a tree outside of the hospital, overhearing a conversation between their parents and discovering that she has been kept in hospital by a minor cold and is otherwise doing well. They secretly leave the ear of corn on the windowsill, where it is discovered by the parents, and return home on the Catbus. When the Catbus departs, it fades away from the girls\' sight. The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki\'s mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children, with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.'] ['In the Pride Lands of Africa, a lion pride rules as royalty over the other animals, who celebrate the birth of future king Simba. Simba\'s father King Mufasa gives him a tour of the pride lands, teaching him the responsibilities of being a king and warning him about the shadowy place beyond the borders. Later that day, Simba\'s envious uncle Scar, Mufasa\'s younger brother who longs to be king, tells him that the shadowy place is an elephant graveyard. Simba\'s curiosity is piqued, and he convinces his best friend Nala, a female lion cub, to come with him. At the graveyard, the cubs are attacked by three spotted hyenas, Shenzi, Banzai and Ed, before Mufasa rescues them and willingly forgives Simba for disobeying him. The hyenas are friends of Scar, who then plot with them to take over the Pride Lands. On Scar\'s orders, the hyenas stampede a large herd of wildebeest into a gorge where Simba is. Mufasa rescues Simba, but as Mufasa tries to climb up the gorge\'s walls, Scar throws him back into the stampede, killing him. After Simba finds Mufasa\'s body in the gorge, Scar tricks him into thinking that Mufasa\'s death is his fault and advises him to run away forever. As Simba leaves, Scar orders the hyenas to go after Simba, but the cub escapes. Scar then announces to the pride that both Mufasa and Simba were killed and steps forward as the new king, allowing a swarm of hyenas to live in the Pride Lands. Simba, now far from home, collapses in a desert from exhaustion, but is found by Timon and Pumbaa, a meerkat and a warthog who nurse him back to health. Timon and Pumbaa then take Simba in, and the lion grows on a carefree life under the motto "hakuna matata". Years later, Simba, now grown, rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a hungry lioness, who turns out to be Nala. The two reconcile and fall in love. Nala tries to get Simba to come back home by saying that because of Scar allowing the hyenas to live in the Pride Lands, it has become a wasteland with not enough food and water. Still feeling guilt over his father\'s death, Simba refuses and storms off. Wise mandrill Rafiki tracks Simba down, telling him that Mufasa is still "alive" and taking him to a pond where he is visited by the specter of Mufasa, who tells him that he has forgotten who he is and thus must take his rightful place as the true king of Pride Rock. Simba then realizes that he can no longer run from his past and goes back home. Nala, Timon and Pumbaa follow him, and agree to help him fight. At the Pride Lands, Simba confronts Scar on Pride Rock after he attacks his mother Sarabi. Scar taunts Simba, who still feels guilt over his father\'s death, but after pushing him over the edge of Pride Rock, Scar reveals that he killed Mufasa. The enraged Simba jumps back up and forces Scar to reveal the truth to the other lions. Timon, Pumbaa, Rafiki and the lionesses fight off the hyenas while Scar, attempting to escape, is cornered by Simba at the top of Pride Rock. Scar begs Simba for mercy, saying he is family and places the blame on the hyenas. Simba says he does not believe Scar anymore, but spares his life and tells him to run away and never return. Scar meekly walks past him, but then attacks his nephew. After a fierce battle, Simba triumphs and throws Scar off Pride Rock. Scar survives the fall, but is attacked and killed by the hyenas, who overheard his attempt to betray them. With Scar and the hyenas gone, Simba descends from the top of Pride Rock where he is acknowledged by the pride as the rain falls again. Sometime later, Pride Rock is restored to its former glory and Simba looks down happily at his kingdom with Nala, Timon, and Pumbaa by his side; Rafiki presents Simba and Nala\'s newborn cub to the inhabitants of the Pride Lands and the circle of life continues.'] ["The episode features an extended story based on the events of the original fairytale, where Goldilocks' visit to the Bears' home is only a small portion of the overall plot. The story is being told by a Ranger , who relates to the audience the incident of Goldilocks and the Three Bears. Goldilocks  is introduced as a pretty young girl with golden curls who likes to play tricks on others and tell wild stories. In the nearby wood, a family of bears consisting of Papa Bear, Mama Bear and Cubby Bear wake up from hibernation in their little cottage. One day, Mama Bear cooks some porridge, but it turns out to be too hot, so the family goes out for a walk to let it cool off. At this time, Goldilocks happens to be out exploring when she stumbles upon the bears' house. She invites herself in, helps herself to their porridge , sits in their chairs  and lies down in their beds . As she is sleeping, the bear family returns and sees the result of Goldilocks' tampering. Papa Bear wakes Goldilocks up, and when she sees the bears in the bedroom, she screams and runs off. When she reaches home, she goes into a frenzy telling her parents about the bears, but they don't believe her. The next day, Goldilocks' father punishes her by ordering her to pull all the weeds from their house's front lawn. When the Ranger walks by, Goldilocks claims she has no idea what to do and sweetly asks him to demonstrate. When the Ranger gets to the job, Goldilocks sneaks off to her secret hiding place in the woods. As she's playing, Cubby Bear accidentally finds her. At first, Cubby is angry at Goldilocks for what she did the day before, but Goldilocks spins another tall tale that she's an orphan and was so desperate for food and a place to stay, and that was why she broke into their house. Cubby believes her story and, feeling sorry for her, invites her back to the bear home. When Mama Bear and Papa Bear hear her story they welcome her in, but Papa Bear advises her to learn to respect other people's property and not repeat what she did. Goldilocks agrees, and jumps on their invitation to stay with them, believing that her father is still angry with her. That night, Goldilocks doesn't return home, and her parents are filled with worry. The days pass with Goldilocks spending time with the bear family, having fun and playing games. But then one day, the Ranger arrives at the house, and when he describes Goldilocks' physical description, Papa Bear pulls her out from her hiding place in the bedroom. At first, Goldilocks starts to tell another lie that she was kidnapped by the bear family, but she cannot go through with it because she has become genuinely fond of the bears. Goldilocks apologises for her mistakes in the past and returns home, where her parents embrace her. The Ranger then gives an epilogue explaining that Goldilocks has changed her ways, continued to be friends with the bear family, and eventually had a daughter of her own with identical golden curls."] ["Laura is seven year old country girl, who's just moved along with her family to a big city. On her first night in her new neighborhood, she sees a shooting star falling to earth, she finds it in a park and discovers it is a living being, . Taking it back home , she and her younger brother Tommy discover the little star has special powers and can do amazing things like making people fly and bringing inanimate objects to life. But over time both notice that the longer the star stays on earth, the weaker it becomes , with their next door neighbor Max they find a way to send the little star back into outer space."] ['Snegurochka , the daughter of Spring and Frost, yearns for the companionship of mortal humans. She grows to like a shepherd named Lel, but her heart is unable to know love. Her mother takes pity and gives her this ability, but as soon as she falls in love, her heart warms up and she melts.'] ['The Mystery Machine is driving through the Sonoran Desert. A sandstorm comes up and Shaggy makes an wrong turn onto government property. Seeing a UFO causes Shaggy to lose control of the vehicle and the gang find themselves on the outskirts of a small town. While Scooby and Shaggy stay with the van the rest of the gang enters a local diner to get directions. Shaggy and Scooby then see a mythical animal called a jackalope. The jackalope takes their last Scooby Snack and they chase it into a cave, where they encounter aliens. They run into the diner in panic, claiming to have seen aliens. The waitress, Dottie, says that they never see aliens but do see strange lights and hear sounds at night. The chef, Sergio, says that a month earlier local cattle vanished without a trace and a lot of people moved away. A man named Lester claims to have been abducted and he believes the two. He also claims to have pictures, so the gang goes to his house to see them. They are nothing more than paintings by Lester, however. He then refers to SALF: the Search for Alien Life Forms , dishes, saying that ever since they were installed there have been numerous UFO sightings and disappearing livestock. The gang stays overnight at Lester\'s home with Daphne and Velma sleep in a bunk bed and Fred sleeps on the couch. Scooby and Shaggy fall into a deep sleep on the roof, and are abducted. The aliens try to examine the two, but Scooby is able to free them. After escaping from the ship, they find themselves in the middle of desert, where they again fall asleep. They are awakened by a hippie photographer named Crystal, and her golden retriever, Amber. Scooby and Shaggy fall in love with them. They meet up with the rest of the gang in the cafe and are so love sick that they don\'t want to eat, which shocks the rest of the gang. Velma, Fred and Daphne meet the crew of SALF, Steve, Laura and Max, while Shaggy and Scooby hang out with Crystal and Amber. Velma becomes suspicious when she sees dried mud on their boots, since they are in the desert. Later, she takes the gang to a canyon where she believes a seasonal river runs. The canyon proves to be dry, but they find caves, mining equipment and on the cave walls, gold. The SALF crew capture and tie them up. The crew explains that they stumbled on the gold cave while searching for a new location for another SALF dish. Since it was on government land, they decided to keep the secret for themselves, and they planned to keep it that way. They are also exposed as the "aliens" who abducted Scooby and Shaggy, with the UFO being nothing more than a dressed-up helicopter. Eventually, Crystal and Amber reveal themselves to be the actual aliens from a planet 20 light years away. They dressed like hippies because their only information about Earth came from 1960\'s television broadcasts. The UFO that ran Mystery Inc. off the road was actually Crystal\'s. The SALF crew and their accomplices are arrested, and Crystal and Amber return to their home planet after a heartfelt goodbye. Shaggy and Scooby are broken hearted but a box of Scooby Snacks helps them forget about their heartache.'] ['Alexander Armsworth and his family move into a spooky old Louisiana mansion that was once the home of a notorious river pirate. Before long, Alexander catches sight of a mysterious little girl and her dog, both of whom turn out to be ghosts. The little girl ghost tells Alexander that her name is Inez, and appeals to him for help in finding a child of glass. With the aid of his new friend, Blossom, Alexander finds out that Inez was a victim of the river pirate whose house his family now inhabits. The pirate killed the young girl when she refused to tell the location of the treasure he sought; for good measure, he placed a curse upon her that has caused her to roam the plantation after death. With only a few days left before the curse becomes permanent, Alexander and Blossom rush to find the child of glass and free Inez\'s spirit. Alexander and Blossom\'s major clue in solving the mystery involved the following poem: "Sleeping lies the murdered lass, vainly cries the child of glass. When the two shall be as one, the spirit\'s journey will be done."'] ['In "The Barbie Diaries," Barbie is portrayed as a typical American teenager who is a sophomore in high school who encounters the problems that real-life teens often encounter: making new friends, dating, gossip, and getting involved in school. She always gets beaten in everything by Raquelle, a snobby girl who used to be her best friend in fifth grade. On the first day of school, she attempts to become anchorwoman for the school TV station but Raquelle beats her to it. Instead, she becomes Raquelle\'s personal assistant, buying her drinks and doing her work. When Raquelle dumps Todd he and Barbie began hanging out together and soon become a couple. Todd asks Barbie to the Fall Formal. Thrilled, Barbie as well as her friends Tia and Courtney rush to buy a dress when they discover that Raquelle and Todd are together again. The mysterious woman at the counter, whose name is Stephanie, gives them advice and offers them some charm bracelets for free. Barbie\'s happens to come with a diary which she writes her hopes in. Soon after, what she wrote starts to mysteriously "come true." Someone—who she thinks is Todd—leaves her love notes, and her band, Charmz, gets a gig at the school dance that Barbie was previously invited to. Next, Barbie decides to do a piece on popular kids and "What Makes Them Popular." She soon starts to neglect her friends and does not tell the popular girls Dawn & Reagan that the story is quite mean. She even skips Tia\'s class-president election to hang out with Dawn and Reagan. She starts skipping band practice, and spends hours talking to them on the phone and hanging out with them. Barbie realizes that her hopes written in the diary "came true" and rushes to the mall to ask Stephanie about it. To her shock, it is revealed that the woman never worked there and apparently does not exist. Tia and Courtney discover that it is Kevin—Barbie\'s longtime friend-that has been leaving her the love notes. They pressure him to tell her but he refuses. Dawn and Reagan find out that Barbie only befriended them because of her story and stop hanging out with her. They tell Raquelle she has been receiving notes from Todd even though they are still together. And it is all because of some magic bracelet. Soon, Raquelle steals Barbie\'s so-called "magic bracelet". Tia and Courtney watch footage of the story, and they discover that Barbie has told them a secret about Tia. They confront her and let her know that they no longer want to be friends with her. The night of the story, Barbie apologizes to her friends and chooses to instead showcase Kevin\'s film clips depicting a paperclip chain attacking his eBook. On the night of the dance , her friends arrive and tell her that she has to perform with them, giving her the dress that they put on hold for her at the mall. Still worried as she has no bracelet, Kevin takes one of her guitar strings and loops it around her wrist. Barbie points out that it is a "stupid piece of bent metal" until she realizes that that is what her bracelet was. The girls rock the concert with Courtney finally able to do a drum stick manuveour that she couldn\'t do before. Barbie and Todd dance until Todd reveals that he\'d never written any such notes. Confused, she thinks back to other people who were in the places the notes had said. Realizing that it was Kevin all along, Barbie leaves in the middle of the dance and goes over to Kevin. Kevin gives her back the charm bracelet that he found on the ground . She apologizes for never realizing, but points out that the bizarre rhyming in the notes was a giveaway: "Who else would rhyme scary with library?" The two dance together and now a couple. Then they date and watch movies together, now in love .'] ["The story is set in the eighth century and gives a fictionalized account of the creation of the Book of Kells, an illuminated manuscript Gospel book in Latin. Abbot Cellach, obsessed with building a mighty wall to keep marauding Viking raiders from destroying the early-Christian Abbey of Kells, expects his young nephew Brendan to follow in his footsteps. Brendan has apprenticed in the scriptorium of the monastery and has heard the story of Aidan of Iona, a master illuminator who is working on the Book of Iona. Aidan later comes to the monastery, accompanied by his cat Pangur Bán. Brother Aidan has escaped from the Vikings who have destroyed his own monastery, and had brought the unfinished Book of Iona with him. Taking Brendan under his wing, Aidan asks Brendan to venture into the forest to look for gall nuts to make ink, though the boy is fearful as he was forbidden to go into the forest by his uncle. Brendan eventually enters the forest, where he meets a forest spirit named Aisling. She is suspicious of Brendan at first, but soon befriends him after helping him find the gall nuts. Though Cellach learns of his adventure and forbids him from leaving the abbey's confines, Brendan secretly defies it as Aidan teaches him illumination while Aisling introduces him to a wider world. Eventually, Brendan learns that Aidan needs his help to finish Book of Iona due to his failing eyes and hands, and the loss of the Eye of Collum-Cille, a special lens he possessed. Aidan reveals that his predecessor obtained it from Crom Cruach, a Celtic pagan deity, with whom Brendan had a frightful encounter prior. When Brendan tries to sneak out of the abbey to go to Crom's cave to obtain the other eye, he is caught and confined to his room by Cellach, who later gets into a disagreement with Aidan and demands that he leave when spring arrives. Having overheard the disagreement, Pangur Bán ventures into the forest to get Aisling's help. Aisling frees Brendan, using her magic to turn Pangur Bán into a spirit that retrieves the key to his room, and together they flee into the forest. When Brendan tells Aisling of his plan, she pleads with him not to go through with it, revealing that Crom Cruach killed her people and her mother and will surely kill him as well. Brendan tells her that he must retrieve the eye in order to complete the book. Eventually Aisling agrees to help him and manages to get Brendan into the cave, but appears to be consumed by Crom's darkness in the process. After some struggling, Brendan defeats Crom by taking the god's remaining eye and imprisoning him in a circle of chalk where the blinded Crom consumes himself. With the eye in his possession, he exits the cave to find the cloak he had given to Aisling neatly folded amongst the cracked rock she had lifted to give him entrance inside. Leading away from the spot is a trail of flowers left by Aisling as proof she survived. Brendan returns to the Abbey and continues to help Aidan in secret. Shortly thereafter, the Vikings arrive and Cellach locks his nephew and Aidan in the scriptorium as his plan to protect everyone from the invaders falls apart. Managing to escape the carnage, Brendan and Aidan are confronted in the woods by the Viking leader and a band of his men. The Viking leader scatters the pages of the book, and the Vikings prepare to kill the two helpless travelers. Before the Vikings can strike Brendan and Aiden down, Aisling's black wolves converge upon them, killing the Vikings. As Brendan and Aiden collect the pages of the book, Aisling, in the form of the white wolf, appears to Brendan before disappearing back into the forest. Brendan and Aiden continue to travel across Ireland, working on the Book of Iona over the years. Inheriting the book after Aidan's passing, the now-adult Brendan ends up back in the forest of his youth, where he again meets wolf-Aisling, and she guides him to the village. It turned out only the villagers who made it to the abbey tower survived, along with a guilt-ridden Cellach. Now near death, Cellach reunites with the nephew whom he thought had perished in the massacre long ago, and is able to see the completed Book of Kells. The film closes with a set of scenes showing the completed illuminated pages which come to life as viewed."] ["Zhang Zhen's family had fallen on hard times but remembering the bethrothal agreement between his father and the prime minister, Master Chin, he set off for his fiance's home. When he arrived, he was distressed to receive a cold reception from his future father-in-law, who looked down on him because he was poor and was willing to fulfill his promise only after Zhang Zhen had successfully become the top scholar. He bade Zhang Zhen to stay at the Green Waves Study and prepare. After a year, Zhang Zhen still had not achieved the status of top scholar. His pampered and spoilt bethrothed, Peony, after the initial introduction had already forgotten about him. All he had for a companion, were the carp and the denizens of the pond by the study. The carp spirit was touched by his care for the fish and his loneliness. She visited him one winter's night in the guise of Peony and was further impressed with his sensitive and gentlemanly considerations for her wellbeing. She managed to persuade him that she was of like mind with his philosophies, acknowledging their bethrothal and her support in his endeavors. Thus a relationship was formed. One night in spring, during the lantern festival, Zhang Zhen mistook the real Peony for his beloved and was rebuffed. Her father promptly threw him out. Shocked by his beloved's turn-about, enraged by the betrayal, disgusted with the materialistic and sanctimonious unprincipled attitudes of both father and daughter, he stormed off to return home. The carp spirit went after him and convinced him of her sincerity, telling him too that she was with child. Both decided to return to Zhang Zhen's home, 300 miles away. They attended the lantern festivities along their journey and were seen by Peony's father who thought Zhang Zhen had committed the worst of sins. When two Peonies appeared, the household was thrown into an uproar. Even the righteous Judge Pao could not come to a settlement. Finally, the father summoned an exorcist to chase away the evil spirit. The carp spirit hastily released Zhang Zhen from the shed where he was imprisoned and convinced him to run away with her. However, they were beset by the Celestial Generals and gods who were summoned to subdue her. In despair, she told Zhang Zhen the truth and was gratified when he vowed to stay by her. Just as she was about to be killed, the Goddess of Mercy intervened. The carp spirit was given two choices, return with the Goddess to continue her training to be an immortal or forsake all her powers and become human."] ['In a magical kingdom, the Queen wants to surprise her daughter, Princess Annika, with a birthday gift. When she opens the door to Annika\'s room, she discovers that Annika is missing, having gone to an ice rink without asking for permission. Out skating, Annika meets a small polar bear whom she names Shiver. When Annika returns to the palace, her parents are so worried and overprotective they forbid her from skating ever again. That night, Annika sneaks out of the palace to join a festival. A powerful wizard named Wenlock appears and asks the princess to marry him. When Annika refuses, Wenlock furiously tells the king and queen the fate of their "other daughter," which surprises Annika. Wenlock magically turns everyone into stone, but Annika is saved by Brietta, a flying horse, but Wenlock tells her that she has three days to marry him, otherwise the spell will be permanent. Brietta takes Annika to a castle in the clouds called the Cloud Kingdom. There Annika discovers that "the other daughter" of the king and queen is Brietta, who was transformed into a Pegasus by Wenlock when she refused to marry him . Annika decides to build the "Wand of Light" to break Wenlock\'s spell. In order to accomplish this, they must have a measure of courage, a ring of love and a gem of ice lit by hope\'s eternal flame. The Cloud Queen gives Brietta a crystal bell to ring if she is in need of help. The group travels to the Forbidden Forest, where they meet a young man named Aidan who helps them after they get caught in a net. When Shiver and Annika fall into a giant\'s stew pot, Annika tricks him into chaining himself to a post, and uses her hair ribbon to climb out. The ribbon is the same size as her, and as a measure of courage, it turns into a staff for the Wand of Light. After trading Annika\'s skates for a fake map, the group finds themselves in a large cavern filled with gems, where a sign tells them to take only what they need. Although they get 2 gems, Shiver causes a cave-in thanks to his amazement of the gems\' sparkles, which they narrowly manage to escape. As Aidan starts to forge the Wand, he reveals that he ran away from his parents and lost all of his money gambling. He got an extra gem to bring to his parents so that he could get their forgiveness. Brietta offers her tiara to make the ring of love. With all three objects, the "Wand of Light" is assembled. To prove that the Wand works, Annika asks for Brietta to be a human from the bottom of her heart. Then, Brietta transformed back into a human. Annika and Brietta return to the Cloud Kingdom on two pegasuses summoned by the Cloud Queen\'s bell, but Wenlock pursues them, hurting Brietta. Angrily Annika asks the wand to destroy Wenlock. But it does not work. Annika gives up. Finally she agrees to marry Wenlock if he changes her parents and the people back to normal persons. Wenlock refuses her for she is hateful, just like his other wives. He sneers at her, taking the wand from Annika\'s hand. He causes a snowslide, trapping Annika. Immediately Aidan comes and helps to dig Annika out. Aidan and Brietta brings an unconscious Annika to the Cloud Kingdom. After Annika wakes up, the trio go to Wenlock\'s place. Blush decides not to give the clouds a dusk color to give Annika more time after some persuasion by Rose. While Brietta guards the pegasus, Annika, Aidan, and Shiver slides to the green castle. Aidan fights against Griffin as Annika searches for the wand. When she finds the wand, suddenly the gem falls. Fortunately Aidan gives Annika his own. Realizing how to work the Wand, Annika asks it to defeat Wenlock for the love of her family and friends. Wenlock turns to be an ordinary person and the spell on Annika\'s parents is broken. Annika shows them Brietta and the entire family celebrates together, while Aidan\'s father forgives him. Aidan makes Annika meet his father too. The end scene shows Aidan and Annika skating in the cloud palace. Both Aidan and Annika are wearing crowns, signifying that they have gotten married. Brietta remarks that they look happy, and gifts the Cloud Queen with the Wand, who replies that it will be the first star at night.'] [" A curious fairy girl named Crysta sees a part of the world she has never seen before beyond FernGully, a rainforest near Mount Warning, Australia. She believes humans dwell on Mount Warning, but the wise sprite of the forest and Crysta's motherly figure, Magi Lune, says humans are now extinct, driven away by an attack by Hexxus, the spirit of destruction and all that is toxic to nature, never to return and presumed dead; Hexxus was defeated by the fairies and imprisoned inside a tree. Crysta mentions a black cloud that she saw rising near the mountain, and Magi identifies it as smoke, but dismisses her speculation that the smoke might be Hexxus. Befriending an uncoordinated and comical fruit bat named Batty Koda who has been experimented on by humans and now has wires and antennas fused into his head, Crysta heads to Mount Warning where she finds dead trees all marked with red aerosol paint crosses, which mark them for cutting. The source of the smoke is the exhaust from a huge tree leveler. She finds male humans, and accidentally shrinks one named Zak in trying to prevent him from being crushed by a tree. Batty swoops in and rescues Zak and Crysta caught in a spider web on that tree. Zak goes on a wild adventure with Crysta and Batty, dodging a hungry Goanna lizard named Lou, and begins to fall in love with Crysta. Meanwhile, Zak's superiors cut down an enchanted baobab tree that Zak had inadvertently painted an X mark on as he tried to spray a fly bothering him, discovering too late that Hexxus has been released from the tree. Seeking revenge upon the fairies of FernGully for imprisoning him, Hexxus gains power by feeding on the pollution, specifically the energy and smoke produced by the leveler. He manipulates the lumberjacks and their tree leveler into tearing down the rainforest in the direction of the fairies by the next morning. Eventually, Zak tells the truth about who he his and how the humans are destroying FernGully. The fairies join forces and fuse their powers together, creating a protective tree cage. Magi sacrifices herself, giving her power to the fairies and Zak, leaving Crysta and the other fairies to defeat Hexxus. Zak turns off the leveler, making Hexxus lose all the energy he was gaining from it and disappear, but he soon rips out of the machine as a giant fire-breathing skeleton creature made of oil. Crysta seemingly sacrifices herself like Magi did by allowing Hexxus to devour her completely, and uses her powers from inside him to grow a seed she had with her, imprisoning both Hexxus and the leveler inside a new tree with help from the fairies led by Pips. Soon afterwards, she emerges, unharmed and alive, from a flower. Crysta sadly resizes Zak to normal size and he sets off with his fellow lumberjacks, Tony and Ralph, to try to stop the destruction of the rainforests. Crysta takes Magi's place after finally learning how to control her powers."] ["Belle and the Beast throw a Christmas party for the local villagers at their castle who are been pardoned for their attack on the prince which been led by Gaston. Lumiere  and Cogsworth  argue who brought Christmas back to the castle, whilst Mrs. Potts  insists of explaining the true story behind Christmas' return to the castle. The film then switches into a lengthy flashback, during the events of the first film after the Beast saved Belle from a wolf pack. Belle  is excited for Christmas but is shocked when the castle servants reveal the Beast  has forbidden Christmas from occurring. Belle finds the Beast outside in the snow and offers to teach him ice skating, but the Beast storms off when he crashes into the snow. Belle decides to throw Christmas, Lumiere and Chip  accompanying her to the castle attic where they meet Angelique , one of Lumiere's lovers who objects to the reintroduction of Christmas, due to the Beast's curse occurring on Christmas when he rejected the Enchantress  entry into the castle. The Beast consults the court composer Forte , who was transformed into a giant pipe organ. Forte would prefer to remain as an ornament than be released by Belle, enjoying his manipulation over the Beast's anger. The Beast confronts Belle in the castle's boiler room, but they dissent over the occurrence of Christmas. Belle eventually meets Forte, who advises her to venture into the deepest part of the forest to cut down a giant Christmas tree. Belle then goes to the forest and finds the tree is near impossible to cut down and eventually falls under a sheet of ice. The Beast learns what has happened and goes to rescue her where he catches up to Lumiere, Cogsworth, Forte's humble minion Fife , and a carpenter Axe . However, the Beast, knowing that Belle was planning Christmas against his wishes, imprisons Belle in the dungeon. The servants visit Belle, and Angelique apologizes for her rude attitude. The Beast finds a present, a storybook, from Belle and reads it. Moved by the book's words, the Beast has a change of heart and frees Belle, offering to celebrate Christmas after all. Furiously realized that he and the other servants would return back to their human forms if Belle loves their master, the Beast before the last petal fall, Forte uses his music to destroy the castle in an attempt to destroy the rose, ensuring that he and all will be remained enchanted forever. The Beast confronts Forte, but is easily overwhelmed by his music. Fife points out that Forte's keyboard is his weak point, the Beast rips it off Forte who collapses and dies. Belle, the Beast and the servants celebrate Christmas together. The film ends at the party, with Prince Adam taking Belle aside and giving her a rose as a Christmas present as Fife is now his new court composer."] ['{{plot}} Eleanor Little  and Frederick Little  and their son George Little  are intending an adoption. While George is at school, his parents go to the orphanage where they fall in love with a thoughtful, observant "mouse"  named Stuart Little  who knows almost everything about the other children, having been there for a long time. Despite the warnings of Mrs. Keeper  , who says that humans should not be adopting "mice", they decide to adopt him as their second son. Immediately after getting home, Stuart meets Snowbell  the family cat, who immediately attempts to eat him. George is surprised when his parents introduce Stuart as his new brother. He thinks it is a joke at first, but is shocked when he sees they are serious. That night, Snowbell visits Stuart and requests that he keep a low profile, so as to avoid getting seen by the other cats and damaging Snowbell\'s reputation. George is at first sullen and somewhat disappointed and treats Stuart with contempt. He eventually snaps at a family gathering when they encourage him to play "catch" with him. He also earns Snowbell\'s wrath when his friend, Monty the Mouth  visits for food. As Snowbell tries to keep him from seeing Stuart, he makes a scene trying to get a cereal box from a cupboard. When he sees him and discovers he is a member of the family, Monty cannot contain himself. Enraged, Snowbell chases him, who narrowly escapes by fleeing into the basement. Here, he learns that George keeps a playroom and the two interact and eventually, George comes to accept him as his brother. He also finds that George keeps a toy car just his size. They decide to work together to finish George\'s homemade model boat, the Wasp, for the Central Park Boat Race the following week, but Snowbell is not finished. He and Monty head to an alley that night to visit Smokey , a Mafia Don-like Russian Blue who is the leader of the alley cats. Since Snowbell doesn\'t want Stuart killed, he makes a plan with the alley cats to remove him from the Littles\' house. On the day of the 92nd annual Central Park Boat Race, the Wasp is finished, and they arrive at Central Park. George discovers his nemesis, Anton, is there. At the same time, Stuart accidentally destroys George\'s remote control, rendering his boat inoperable. To make up for this, he takes control of it himself. Anton, however, attempts to cheat by ramming his much larger boat into other ones and sinking them. When he attempts to do the same thing to the Wasp, Stuart manages to bite into the line of his sail, rendering Anton\'s boat inoperable. He subsequently wins the race. That night, the Littles are visited by Reginald Stout and Camille Stout , a mouse couple claiming to be Stuart\'s parents. After discussion, he reluctantly leaves with his parents, taking the toy car with him as a goodbye present from George and they go to their home, a small toy castle on a golf course. Three days later, the Littles are visited by Mrs. Keeper, whom they had asked to do some background research on Stuart. She tells them that, according to the records, his parents died several years ago after a pile of canned food fell on them. The Littles realised that he had been kidnapped and call the police. A terrified Snowbell rushes to the alley and warns Smokey and the others about the Littles\' discovery. He then decides that the only way to rectify things is to kill him. They call a meeting with Reginald and demand that he and Camille hand Stuart over. But the Stouts, having grown to care for him, reveal the truth and Reginald orders him to escape before the cats find him. He does so after saying goodbye to his "fake parents". Meanwhile, the Littles decide to place "missing" posters around the city to get help in finding him. At the Central Park, he is ambushed by Smokey and a few cats and manages to evade them by driving his car into the sewer, but he loses both the car and his luggage while escaping the storm drain. Eventually, he finds his way home just as the Littles leave to hang the posters. The only one home is Snowbell, who tells him a lie about how they are enjoying life without him, and shows him the family picture with his face cut out . He leaves again. But, Snowbell sees the pain his absence has caused and realizes his selfishness. Discovering Stuart\'s location from Monty and the other cats, who intend to eat him, Snowbell heads to Central Park and finds him sitting alone in a bird\'s nest. Snowbell turns on the other cats and escapes with him, admitting his lie to him and that the Littles actually do love him, he is in fact the only one who hates him. The cats catch up with them and Snowbell attempts to convince Smokey to call off the hit on Stuart, but is refused. Instead, he orders the cats to kill them both. Stuart responds by taking off Snowbell\'s collar and using it to lure them. The cats give chase, and eventually corner Stuart hanging from a tree branch. They get together on a lower one to catch him, but Snowbell breaks it at the last minute and sends them into the water below. Smokey sneaks up behind Snowbell and is about to kill him when Stuart releases a thin branch that hits him in the face and knocks him into the water. Enraged and humiliated, he walks off, only to be chased away by dogs upon turning a corner. Monty and the other cats also climb out of the water, whimpering and embarrassed. Stuart and Snowbell walk home and he shares a warm reunion with his family, telling them that Snowbell helped him get there. The Littles bring them inside and close the windows, ready for bed.'] ['Shy seventh grader Spencer Griffith\'s  life changes when a meteorite crashes into a nearby junkyard. Investigating the site, he finds a "Cybersuit", an exoskeletal-suit with AI  from another galaxy. He decides to try it on and meld\'s with the suit\'s AI, Cy. He is attacked by a Brood Warrior, a member of an insectoid race waging a war against the Cybersuit creators. The Brood Warrior wants the cybersuit so his race can analyze it. After battling the Broodwarrior , Spencer escapes, gets ejected by Cy  and abandons the suit because he\'s afraid of being killed or captured. After finding out that Cy was captured by the Brood Warrior, Spencer returns with the school bully Turbo . As they head to the junkyard, where Cy is about to taken offworld by the Broodwarrior, they create a plan to distract the bug long enough for Spencer to rescue Cy. Spencer gets Cy back and has to battle with the Brood Warrior. After a massive battle, Cy is defeated and severely damaged. After taking heavy damage, Cy ejects Spencer before he has to shut down. Spencer covers the suit with scrap metal to hide it from the Brood Warrior. He then takes a piece of the broken armor and continues the fight. Spencer confronts the Brood Warrior and is cornered in a junked RV. When the Broodwarrior is about to defeat Spencer, Turbo activates the car crusher the RV is sitting in. Spencer escapes and the Broodwarrior is compressed along with the RV into a solid metal cube, killing it. They return to Cy, but it appears they are too late to save him. When Spencer begins to lose hope, Cy\'s creators appear and quickly repair him, bringing him back to life. After Cy and Spencer say goodbye to one another, one of the aliens gives Spencer a badge for his bravery. The next day at school a now confident Spencer, with encouragement from his new friend Turbo, starts up a conversation with Michelle , the girl Spencer has had a crush on.'] ['Tiana is a young waitress from New Orleans who has held a passion for the culinary arts ever since she was a child. Inspired by her late father James, Tiana steadily works two jobs in a day and night shift at two diners in order to raise money to buy a for sale old sugar mill that she plans to turn into the restaurant as her father had before hoped he would make it so . Charlotte La Bouff, a débutante and childhood friend of Tiana, hires her to provide refreshments for the Mardi Gras masquerade ball being thrown by her rich father, Eli "Big Daddy" La Bouff. Eli, the perennial King of the Mardi Gras, seeks to welcome Prince Naveen of Maldonia, who has recently arrived, as an eligible suitor to his pampered daughter. Tiana is thrilled to finally have enough to purchase and renovate the old sugar mill into her restaurant . The disinherited Prince Naveen, penniless and unskilled, is nevertheless intent on marrying a wealthy woman, rather than learning a trade. He and his valet Lawrence encounter Dr. Facilier, a voodoo witch doctor who convinces the pair that he can improve both their lives. Instead, Facilier transforms Naveen into a frog and gives Lawrence a voodoo charm, filled with Naveen\'s blood, which when worn transforms his appearance to that of Naveen\'s. Facilier intends for Lawrence, under the guise of Naveen, to marry Charlotte in order to gain access to her father’s fortune . At the ball, Charlotte unknowingly flirts with Lawrence as Tiana discovers she may lose the mill to a higher bidder. Tiana then meets Naveen, who, believing her to be a princess because of her costume, asks her to kiss him and break Facilier\'s curse. Tiana reluctantly agrees, in exchange for the money needed to outbid the other buyer. However, instead of Naveen turning into a human, Tiana is turned into a frog herself. A chase ensues, and Naveen and Tiana escape to a bayou. Lawrence  later proposes to Charlotte, who happily agrees, but soon the magic in Facilier\'s charm wears off and Lawrence reverts to his original form. Facilier tells Lawrence they need another sample of the prince\'s blood in order to prolong the spell, but discovers that Lawrence had foolishly released him. Facilier turns to the voodoo spirits for help, with the promise that once Lawrence marries Charlotte, he will have total control over New Orleans and will be able to offer the citizens\' souls as payment. The voodoo spirits give Facilier shadow demons, who are then dispatched to locate Naveen. At the bayou, Tiana and Naveen meet Louis, a trumpet-playing alligator, who offers to lead them to the good voodoo priestess Mama Odie, who they believe can undo the curse . Later, they meet Ray, a Cajun firefly, who joins them on their journey . Ray tells Tiana about his love, Evangeline, who later is revealed that she is just the brightest star in the sky . When the four at last meet Mama Odie, she tells the frogs that Naveen must kiss a true princess for them to become human, and that since Eli La Bouff is King of Mardi Gras, Charlotte is a princess, but only until the stroke of midnight, when Mardi Gras is over. Naveen soon realizes that he loves Tiana, but before he can admit his feelings, he is captured and brought to Facilier. Before Lawrence  and Charlotte can marry, Ray helps Naveen escape and steals the charm. Ray gives the charm to Tiana in order to hold back Facilier\'s minions, but is killed by Facilier. Facilier then confronts Tiana and tranforms her back to her human form. He then offers to make her restaurant dream come true in exchange for the charm, but she refuses upon realizing that true love is more important and attempts to destroy the talisman. However, Facilier\'s shadow grabs hold of its shadow and hands it back to Facilier himself. Tiana is changed back to a frog and is fated to remain a frog forever. Tiana quickly uses her frog tongue to grab hold of the talisman and smashes it upon the ground. The angered voodoo spirits come forth and claim Facilier himself as payment for his debts and drag him into the underworld forever. Tiana and Naveen reveal their love to each other and explain the situation to Charlotte, who agrees to kiss Naveen so he and Tiana can be together. The clock strikes midnight before she can kiss him, but the two decide they are content to live together as frogs. At the end of a funeral for Ray, he becomes a bright star next to Evangeline. Later, Tiana and Naveen are married by Mama Odie. Because of Tiana\'s new status as princess, they are restored back to human form after their kiss. They then have a real wedding within the St. Louis Cathedral. The couple return to New Orleans to celebrate and, with Louis\' help to make the Fenner brothers accept the payment money and hand over the key rights, Tiana and Naveen finally work on transforming the sugar mill into the long awaited restaurant which is called Tiana\'s Palace. In the final scene, smaller stars encircle the larger stars of Ray and Evangeline ("Down in New Orleans .'] ["Zeus and Poseidon meet at a skyscraper, where Zeus reveals that his master lightning bolt is stolen and accuses Poseidon's demigod son Percy Jackson of the theft. Poseidon reminds him that Percy is unaware of his true identity, but Zeus declares that unless Percy returns the lightning bolt to Mount Olympus before the next summer solstice, war is waged. Percy is a seventeen-year-old teenager who appears to be dyslexic, but has a unique ability to stay underwater for a lengthy time. While on a school trip to the local museum, Percy is attacked by a Fury disguised as his substitute teacher, who demands the lightning bolt. Percy's best friend Grover Underwood and Latin teacher Mr. Brunner, both of whom appear disabled, help Percy and scare off the Fury. Upon learning of the Fury's reason for the attack, Mr. Brunner gives Percy a pen, tells him it is a powerful weapon, and has Grover take Percy and his mother Sally to Camp Half-Blood, leaving behind Sally's lazy husband Gabe Ugliano. However, the three are attacked by a minotaur that appears to kill Sally, who is unable to enter the camp. Grover tells Percy to use the pen, and Percy discovers that it is a sword, which he uses to fight the minotaur, without initial success. Percy kills the minotaur with its own horn then faints from shock. Three days later, Percy wakes up in the camp. He learns that he is the son of Poseidon, that Grover is a disguised satyr and his protector, and that Mr. Brunner is the centaur Chiron, also initially disguised. Chiron suggests that Percy go to Mount Olympus to convince Zeus of his innocence. Percy begins training to use his demigod powers, which include water manipulation and using water to heal, and meets other demigods including Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena, and Luke Castellan, son of Hermes. After assisting in a team exercise, Percy is visited by a fiery apparition of his uncle Hades, who reveals that Sally is with him in the Underworld and that he will return her safely if Percy hands over the lightning bolt. Defying Chiron's orders, Percy decided to go to the Underworld, joined by Grover and Annabeth. They visit Luke, who gives them a map showing three of Persephone's pearls that they can use to escape the Underworld, an old shield, and a pair of winged sneakers Luke stole from his father. The trio heads out, locating the first pearl at an old garden center but encountering Medusa, who tries to kill them until decapitated by Percy; her head is taken with them for later use. They locate the second pearl in the Parthenon in Nashville, and Percy uses the winged shoes to take it from a statue of Athena. However, they are then confronted by the Hydra, which Grover petrifies using Medusa's head. The third pearl is located in Las Vegas in the Lotus Casino, where the three eat lotus flowers and forget their reason for being there. They stay in the casino for five days until Percy's dad Poseidon speaks in Percy's mind, helping Percy return to his senses. Percy then frees Grover and Annabeth from the effects of the flowers, and they flee, discovering that the casino is run by the Lotus-Eaters. With all three pearls in their possession, Percy, Grover, and Annabeth head into the Underworld, the portal to which is located in Hollywood. In the Underworld they meet Hades and his wife Persephone. Though Percy tells Hades that he does not have the lightning bolt, Hades finds it hidden inside Luke's shield, revealing that Luke is the lightning thief. Persephone knocks Hades out with the lightning bolt to get back at him for imprisoning her with him for all eternity and hands the bolt to Percy. However, because they only have three pearls, Grover remains with Persephone to allow Percy's mother to leave. Percy, Annabeth, and Sally teleport to the Empire State Building but are attacked by Luke, who wants to destroy Mount Olympus to secure the demigods' place as the new rulers of the gods. After a fight across Manhattan, Percy defeats Luke and returns the lightning bolt to Zeus, who forgives Percy and allows Poseidon to briefly speak with his son. The film ends with Percy and Annabeth reuniting with Grover, who has grown horns , meaning he is a senior protector, and returning to the camp to continue their training. In a post-credits scene, Gabe is being kicked out of Sally's house. He finds a note from Percy warning him not to open the fridge. Angrily ignoring it, he opens the fridge only to be petrified by Medusa's head."] ['Tommy has just joined the cast of the top-rated kids\' show, "Captain Mike\'s Mystery Monsters," and is anxious to find out just how the special effects crew gets the monsters to work. Imagine his surprise when he discovers they\'re not special effects at all! Adding to the situation, the monsters\' original owner, evil Queen Mara, has returned to Earth to reclaim her property and take revenge on Captain Mike for stealing them.'] ['This made for TV movie is all about a family of forest gnomes who live together in their home under a tree. The family consists of a father, mother, grandfather, older son Tor, and a set of young twins. The movie mainly concerns itself with Tor, his upcoming marriage to his fiancee Lisa, and his family\'s preparations for the wedding. The gnome family busies itself with decorating and preparing for the festivities, meanwhile a family of trolls plan on ruining the wedding for the gnomes. The troll family consists of a dumb troll father, a bossy mother troll who\'s fond of wearing a snake in her hair and smoking, her two bumbling older sons, and a young troll child affectionately called "Runt". Adding to the wedding mishaps is Tor\'s uncle Kostya who came all the way from Siberia to crash the wedding ceremony, he makes mischief by adding extra alcohol to Grandpa\'s special punch, and making some inappropriate advances to the mother of the bride. The movie also contains a handful of vignettes which use still illustrations from the original book and narration to explain some of the facts about the different sorts of gnomes, and what sorts of duties gnomes perform to help the creatures they live amongst.'] ['Ten-year-old pessimist Richard Tyler  lives his life based on statistics and fears practically everything. His exasperated parents  have tried multiple ways to build up the courage of their son, but to little success. Richard is sent by his father to buy a bag of nails so that he can build a treehouse. However, Richard gets caught in a harsh thunderstorm and takes shelter in a library. Here, he is met by Mr. Dewey , an eccentric librarian who tries to find a book for Richard and gives him a library card. However, Richard does not want any books; he just wants to call his parents and go home. Mr. Dewey points the boy towards a payphone. Richard wanders off and finds a large rotunda painted with classic fictional characters. Richard slips on some water that had dripped from his coat and falls down, hitting his head and knocking him unconscious. He awakens and finds the rotunda paintings melting, forming a wave of color that transforms him and the library into illustrations. Richard is approached by the Pagemaster who sends him on a journey into the fiction section to find the "exit". Along the way, Richard befriends three anthropomorphic books: Adventure , a swashbuckling pirate-like book; Fantasy , a sassy but caring fairy tale book; and Horror , a fearful "hunchbook" with a misshapen spine. The three agree to help Richard to find his way out if he checks them out with his library card. Together, the quartet encounter classic-fictional characters. They meet Dr. Jekyll  in a haunted house where he then turns into Mr. Hyde and terrorizes the group, driving them to the roof where they then head out into open waters to the Land of Adventure. However, the group are separated after an attack by Moby Dick. Richard and Adventure are picked up by the crew of the Hispaniola, captained by Long John Silver . The pirates go to Treasure Island, but find no treasure, nearly causing a mutiny between the captain and crew. Fantasy and Horror appear and defeat the pirates. Silver attempts to take Richard with him, but he retreats when Richard threatens him with a sword. Adventure insults Horror, causing the hunchbook to get captured by Lilliputians from Gulliver\'s Travels. Adventure saves him and they make up. As the group travels through the fantasy section, Richard sees the exit sign on the top of a mountain. However, a sleeping dragon is awakened and chases Richard and his friends. Richard fights the dragon off with a sword and shield, but the dragon wraps its tail around him, shaking his armor and weapons off of him before swallowing him whole. Richard finds books in the dragon\'s stomach and uses a beanstalk to escape. The heroes arrive at the top and enter a large dark room where the Pagemaster awaits them. Richard berates the Pagemaster for the horrors he has suffered, but the Pagemaster reveals that the journey was intended to make Richard face his fears. Dr. Jekyll, Captain Ahab, Long John Silver, and the dragon reappear in a magical twister congratulating him. Richard then awakens, discovering that he had been "unconscious" all along. Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror all appear next to his body as real books. Mr. Dewey finds him, and, even though the library policy only allows a person to check out two books at time, lets him check out all three books "just this once" as Richard may not have been unconscious and may actually have witnessed all the events that happened, thus making Mr. Dewey the Pagemaster. Richard returns home a braver kid, sleeping in his new treehouse. Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror appear as silhouettes on a wall talking.'] [" The story behind this short film revolves around the Pichu brothers as they attempt to find a train back to the big city. Along the way, they are helped by seven of Ash Ketchum's and Misty's Pokémon  and a Wynaut. Meanwhile, Meowth and Wobbuffet are hiking in the back country, but their journey continuously goes wrong and their paths intertwines with the others. Along the way, the Pokémon sit around a campfire, where the older Pichu brother, along with Wynaut, scare the younger brother with the help of a Duskull. They also encounter a Volbeat, who guides them to a mill where they can stay the night.  The main film's setting is in the water-themed Johto city of Altomare , based on cities such as Venice, Italy and Amsterdam, Netherlands. The city is watched over by two legendary Pokémon, Latias and Latios. The story behind the two involves an evil Pokémon Trainer using a Kabutops and an Aerodactyl to terrorize the citizens, until the original Latios came to the city, using his powers to drown the evil Pokémon and turning the streets into canals. However, Latios died and his children were left orphans. His soul is within a special jewel, the Soul Dew. The Soul Dew is sought by Annie and Oakley, two members of Team Rocket. The Soul Dew acts as a key for activating the Defense Mechanism of Altomare, a special device built in case of disaster. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum, Misty, and Brock are visiting Altomare on their travels. Ash and Misty participate in the Tour de Altomare, a water chariot race. Misty wins, after Ash takes a wrong turn due to an invisible Latias and Latios. Ross, the former champion of the race gives the friends a tour of the city in his gondola and tells them of the city's guardians. Annie and Oakley follow Latias, disguised as a human girl named Bianca. Latias is saved by Ash and Pikachu. Team Rocket are also in the city and decide to follow Annie and Oakley. The trio later visit Lorenzo, the curator of a local museum, who explains the city's history and also introduces them to the Defence Mechanism of Altomare . Ash pursues Bianca, and then Latias in disguise, across the city, eventually discovering a hidden garden where Latias and Latios live. When Latios and Bianca threaten to force Ash out, Lorenzo arrives to clear up all the tension. Latias and Latios play with Ash and Pikachu, and later Lorenzo reveals to Ash the Soul Dew. However, Annie and Oakley's spy robot is watching this and later the duo steal the Soul Dew and capture Latios - using both to control the DMA. Latias flees to Ash for help, and later the two and Pikachu race across the gridlocked city to the museum. Using the DMA, Oakley locks down the city and revives the dead Pokémon to capture Latias. After a long chase through the city, Ash and Latias cause the undead Aerodactyl to crash into a building, and are saved from the Kabutops by their friends' Pokémon. The heroes arrive at the museum to find the DMA going berserk and Latios seriously injured. After freeing Latios, the Soul Dew fades and turns black, causing the DMA to shut down. When Annie tries to get the Soul Dew, it disappears and the city's water becomes a giant tsunami. Latios and Latias use their psychic powers to stop the tsunami, but Latios sacrifices himself in the process. The water returns to the city, washing away Team Rocket in the process. The undead Pokémon return to their fossil states, and Annie and Oakley get trapped inside the DMA. Latios becomes a new Soul Dew and is placed as the new guardian of Altomare. Ash, Misty, and Brock head off to leave Altomare, but Latias  stops them before they leave and hands Ash a drawing of him and Pikachu, giving Ash a kiss on the cheek before disappearing. As the group leave on a boat, they see two Latios and a Latias in the air. Annie and Oakley are sent to jail, where they examine the possessions of Lawrence III."] [' Halloween Town is a dream world filled with citizens such as deformed monsters, ghosts, ghouls, goblins, vampires, werewolves and witches. Jack Skellington  leads them in a frightful celebration every Halloween, but he has grown tired of the same routine year after year. Wandering in the forest outside the town center, he accidentally opens a portal to "Christmas Town". Impressed by the feeling and style of Christmas, Jack presents his findings and his  understanding of the holiday to the Halloween Town residents. They fail to grasp his meaning and compare everything he says to their idea of Halloween. He reluctantly decides to play along and announces that they will take over Christmas. Jack\'s obsession with Christmas leads him to usurp the role of Santa Claus. Every resident is assigned a task, while Sally, a rag doll woman who is created by the town\'s mad scientist, begins to feel a romantic attraction towards Jack. However, she alone fears that his plans will become disastrous. Jack assigns Lock, Shock and Barrel, a trio of mischievous children, to abduct Santa and bring him back to Halloween Town. Against Jack\'s wishes and largely for their amusement, the trio deliver Santa to Oogie Boogie, a gambling-addict bogeyman who plots to play a game with Santa\'s life at stake. Christmas Eve arrives and Sally attempts to stop Jack with fog, but he embarks into the sky on a coffin-like sleigh pulled by skeletal reindeer, guided by the glowing nose of his ghost dog Zero. He begins to deliver presents to children around the world, but the gifts  only terrify the recipients. Jack is believed to be an imposter attempting to imitate Santa, and the military goes on alert to blast him out of the sky. The sleigh is shot down and he is presumed dead by Halloween Town\'s citizens, but in fact he has survived the crash, landing in a cemetery. Although he is depressed by the failure of his plan, he quickly regains his old spirit, having come up with new ideas for next Halloween. He then rushes back home to rescue Santa and put things right. Meanwhile, Sally attempts to free Santa, but is captured by Oogie. Jack slips into the lair and frees them, then angrily confronts Oogie and unravels his outer covering to spill out all the bugs that live inside him. With Oogie gone, Santa reprimands Jack before setting off to deliver the right presents to the world\'s children. He makes snow fall over Halloween Town to show that there are no hard feelings between himself and Jack; the townspeople are confused by the snow at first, but soon begin to play happily in it. Jack reveals that he is just as romantically attracted to Sally as she is to him, and they kiss under the full moon in the cemetery.'] ['{{plot}} Barbie stars as Genevieve, a princess with eleven sisters: Ashlyn, Blair, Courtney, Delia, Edeline, Fallon, Hadley, Isla, Janessa, Kathleen and Lacey. Each princess is beautiful and different, but the twelve sisters have one thing in common: they all love to dance. They live in a castle with their widowed father, King Randolph. The girls\' adventurous and free-spirited natures are viewed as "unladylike" and "unproper" by other members of the royal society and often leads them to make rude comments about the princesses. Believing his daughters need a woman\'s touch, the king summons his cousin, Duchess Rowena, to the castle to help raise them. But, Rowena has her own plans: she plans to poison the king and get rid of his daughters so that she can be queen. Sensing trouble, Genevieve and her sisters try to reason with Randolph, but due to Rowena\'s interference, the king doesn\'t believe them and says they must listen to his cousin. Attempting to break the girls\' spirits, Rowena makes the princesses\' lives miserable by stripping the castle of everything they love, as well as banishing dancing and singing from the castle. Sad with the changes, the princesses find comfort in their mother\'s  favorite story, which tells of a magical kingdom where Gold Flowers grant Wishes and a princess could dance at an Enchanted Pavilion for three nights. Before she died, Isabella had made twelve copies of the story, and each one had one of the daughter\'s special flower on the cover. Lacey sees that her lily on the book matches the lily on the floor. Genevieve tells everyone to find a match on their book to a stone. Genevieve tries dancing from stone to stone; it doesn\'t work. She then tries dancing from oldest to youngest, She then twirls three times at the last stone, like the character in the story. They enter the Magical Kingdom. Later, Lacey falls and scrapes her knee. Genevieve dabs water from a nearby fountain on the cut and it heals, revealing that the water is magic. The next day, the girls are tired and the duchess finds their new dancing shoes worn through. Suspicious, Rowena believes that they were out dancing with princes. Meanwhile, the royal cobbler and Genevieve\'s love interest, Derek, comes to fix their shoes and sees that they are covered in gold dust. Genevieve dances on the Mosaic in the pavilion outside. While together, Genevieve asks Derek to find out what Rowena\'s true intentions are. The duchess continues to deprive them of any enjoyment and prevents them from visiting or singing to their father, who has suddenly fallen ill. The doctor gives Rowena a tonic for Randolph, which she quickly disposes of, revealing that she is poisoning him. That night, Rowena has her footman, Desmond, stand guard outside the princesses\' room to find out where they go. The sisters sneak back to the Magic Realm and dance again. Meanwhile, Derek discovers that Rowena is stealing heirlooms from the castle and dealing with an apothecary. He hurries back to warn Genevieve and her sisters. The next morning, the sisters are still exhausted and Rowena demands to know why. When she gangs up on Lacey, the girls tell her the truth, but she doesn\'t believe them and forces them into servitude. That night, she demands the truth again, but they tell her the same story. This makes Rowena even angrier and she locks them in their room, blaming them for Randolph\'s failing health. Heartbroken and not knowing what to do, the princesses return to the magical kingdom. A furious Rowena finds the sisters gone the next morning. That evening, Derek finally makes it back to the castle, but discovers that the princesses are missing. Determined to find Genevieve, he sneaks into their bedroom. Remembering Genevieve\'s dance pattern, Derek enters the magic realm and reports his findings to the girls. Unfortunately, Rowena learns how to enter the magic realm, due to her monkey, Brutus. Stealing some flowers that can give you whatever you want, she quickly returns to the castle and has Desmond destroy the mosaic that forms the gateway, trapping the sisters and Derek in the magical kingdom. Thinking she has disposed of the princesses, Rowena then tricks the weak Randolph into making her acting queen until he recovers. Trapped in the magic realm, the girls and Derek try to find a way out. As they dance, the couple and the rest of the princesses float up into the sky and return home. However, this new gateway leads to their mother\'s dance pavilion instead of their bedroom. Once back, the sisters and Derek discover that Rowena is now queen, new guards have been ordered to capture any stray princesses, and that their father is dying. The princesses disable the guards and enter the castle to confront Rowena. Ignoring Genevieve\'s orders, Lacey enters the castle to help, but is seized by Desmond. Derek and Genevieve defeat the enchanted suits of armor that defend Rowena, but the duchess has the upper hand when Desmond drags in Lacey. Noting that Genevieve is the source of her sisters\' resistance against her, Rowena uses the flowers to wish for Genevieve to dance forever and ever and ever. But as the flower dust comes towards her, Genevieve produces her fan and blows it back at Rowena, who starts dancing instead. Desmond soon joins her while trying to help and the two villains dance their way out of the castle and the film. It is revealed that Lacey has saved some water from the magical kingdom. She uses it, and thereby heals the dying king. Randolph explains that Rowena was poisoning him and apologizes to his daughters for not believing them. He now truly understands them. The film ends with everything made right as Genevieve and Derek celebrate their wedding, and of course, dance.'] [" Before going on an overseas journey, a merchant father asks his three daughters what they would like him to bring back for them. The eldest asks for a shining tiara, the middle asks for a frame through which her face would always appear young, and the youngest  asks her father to bring her a beautiful scarlet flower like one which she saw in her dreams. Her elder sisters laugh at this simple wish. The father's trip is successful and he finds everything that he came for, with the exception of Nastenka's scarlet flower. Nevertheless, the ship heaves off and they begin to head back while the father scans the lands around him for a scarlet flower. A storm strikes and the father is washed overboard. He wakes up on a strange island which is full of all sorts of wonders. He explores, and eventually finds a flower just like the one Nastenka described. The instant that he plucks it, however, a great storm comes upon him and the owner of the island - a hideous monster - makes his presence known. He tells the father that he will let him keep the flower, but in return he must send one of his daughters to live with him. The father refuses, and the monster gives him a ring, telling him that whoever puts it on will be teleported back to the island, and that if his daughter doesn't come then he himself must come and be killed. In the morning, the crewmembers of the father's ship  see him on the island and rescue him. Back home, the father prepares to put on the ring and meet his fate. However, Nastenka overhears a conversation where he reveals this to his friend and secretly puts on the ring herself. There, she expects to be killed but instead finds herself on a beautiful island and welcomed for by a kind, unseen host. She accidentally catches a glimpse of him eventually, and is mortally scared at first. He allows her to go home to visit her family, but tells her that she must come back by putting on the ring by 8pm or he will die of loneliness. Nastenka comes home dressed in splendid clothes and with presents for her sisters. Her sisters, however, become jealous and secretly turn all of the clocks in the house back two hours. Nastenka looks outside and hears the clock chiming 9pm, and quickly goes back, only to find the monster near death. She is very saddened and vows to never leave him again, and with those words the scarlet flower which she holds reattaches itself to its original stem and the island fills with light again. The monster turns into a handsome prince and explains that he was under the spell of a witch from which he could only be freed from if he won over the heart of a lady while being in the body of a hideous monster."] ['{{plot}} When Kelly has trouble performing a ballet move and fears going onstage, Barbie tells her a story to cheer her up. A girl named Clara lives with Drosselmeyer, her stern grandfather, and her younger brother, Tommy. On Christmas Eve, they receive a surprise visit from the vivacious Aunt Elizabeth, who comes bearing gifts for her niece and nephew. Clara receives a Nutcracker and Aunt Elizabeth tells her that inside, beats the heart of a prince. Tommy tries to take it to play with it but in the scuffle, he breaks its arm. Clara manages to fix the Nutcracker and falls asleep near the Christmas tree. She awakes to see her Nutcracker fighting the Mouse King and his mouse army. When Clara tries to help, the Mouse King shrinks her down to his size, though he is still unable to defeat them and temporarily retreats. The Nutcracker reveals that he has been enchanted and seeks to find the Sugarplum Princess, the only person who can stop the Mouse King from taking over his world. Following the advice of the wise owl of the grandfather clock, the Nutcracker suggests that Clara follow him, since the Sugarplum Princess is the only one who can make Clara her original size again. The owl gives Clara a heart-shaped locket from a ballet dancer ornament. This locket has the power to send Clara back home after they find the Sugarplum Princess. The two journey into the Land of Pervenia in the Gingerbread Village, where the children tells them that the rightful heir to the throne, Prince Eric, has gone missing in the wake of the Mouse King\'s attempts to conquer the world. Clara quickly figures out that her Nutcracker is the missing prince and he reveals that his irresponsibility is the reason of all the happenings. Due to his careless attitude the king pronounced the Mouse as an acting king until Eric  realizes his responsibilities. Unfortunately, the Mouse decides he wants to be king for once and all and thus put a spell on Eric, turning him into a Nutcracker. Eric hopes to redeem himself by finding the Sugarplum Princess and make things right again. Meanwhile, the Mouse King attempts to learn more about the Sugarplum Princess but only finds one reference to her: She is kind, clever and brave. Angered, he orders his troops to go after them in hopes of stopping the Nutcracker before he can reach her. Joined by the arrogant Major Mint and Captain Candy, the group sets out to find the Sugarplum Princess and defeat the Mouse King. After crossing the Sea of Storms with the purple horse named Marzipan, the group arrive at the Sugarplum Princess\' Island. When Clara is separated from the group, who are all captured by the Mouse King\'s bats. She ventures alone to the Mouse King\'s palace to free her friends with a help from the flower fairies. After being rescued, the Nutcracker fights a final battle with the Mouse King. Just as the Mouse King seemingly gets an advantage over the Nutcracker, Clara leaps in between them. The Mouse King tries to turn Clara smaller, but the Nutcracker uses his sword to deflect the Mouse King\'s magic back to the Mouse King himself. The Mouse King shrinks into the size of a real mouse and flees into the sewers. The Nutcracker has seemingly been injured, and Clara kisses him, whereupon he is restored to his true form – he is Prince Eric, and Clara, because she was able to break the spell, is revealed as the Sugarplum Princess. Her outfit transforms into a beautiful gown and Eric is crowned king. The couple, who have fallen in love with one another, dance as the citizens of the Land of Pervenia celebrate their victory. Eric asks her if she wishes to return home but Clara says that in heart, she is already there. However, the shrunken Mouse King makes one final attempt to defeat Clara. He swoops down on Clara upon his bat minion\'s back, steals the heart shaped locket she wears and opens it. Thankfully, he is knocked to the Earth by a snowball and apparently dies. Clara begins to fade and finally disappears. Eric is dismayed, crying out, "I love you." Clara wakes up in the living room where she fell asleep. She finds the Nutcracker missing once more. She runs to her Grandfather who dismisses the story as her imagination. At that moment, Aunt Elizabeth returns with a young man – it is Eric. Revealing him to be a friend, she insists that he stay for dinner and drags Grandfather Drosselmeyer and Tommy away. Eric gives her back the locket and asks her to dance. She answers, "I couldn\'t say \'no\' to the King", and the couple waltz together. The snowglobe shows the Prince – now a king – and the Sugarplum Princess dancing happily in the Palace courtyard. The story goes back to Kelly and Barbie. Kelly realizes the importance of not giving up and makes one more attempt at the ballet move she just can\'t do. Kelly and Barbie dance to the music and Kelly finally gets her steps right.'] ['A British ghostly haunting story spanning two worlds, two centuries apart. In 1945, at the end of World War II, 13-year-old Tolly finds he can travel mysteriously between the present and 1805 and he begins an adventure that unlocks family secrets laid buried for generations.'] ['Tinker Bell  is born from the first laugh of a baby, and is brought by the winds to Pixie Hollow . She learns that her talent is to be one of the tinkers, the fairies who make and fix things. Two other tinker fairies, Bobble  and Clank , teach her their craft, and tell her about the fairies who visit the mainland to bring each season. Tinker Bell is thrilled and cannot wait to go to the mainland for spring. While out working, she meets Silvermist , a water fairy; Rosetta , a garden fairy; Iridessa , a light fairy; and Fawn , an animal fairy. After meeting them, she notices Vidia , a fast-flying fairy who immediately dislikes her because of her unusually strong talent. Vidia challenges her to prove she will be able to go to the mainland, and Tinker Bell creates several inventions, which she shows to the Minister of Spring . But Tinker Bell soon learns from Queen Clarion  that only nature-talent fairies visit the mainland. She tries her hand at nature skills; making dewdrops with Silvermist, lighting fireflies with Iridessa, and trying with Fawn to teach baby birds to fly, but she fails miserably at all of these. Meanwhile, Bobble and Clank cover for Tinker Bell when questioned by Fairy Mary , the tinker fairy overseer. When Tinker Bell returns, she tries to explain, but Mary simply responds that she knows, and expresses her disappointment with Tinker Bell\'s actions. On the beach, Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out how to put them together. Iridessa, Fawn, Silvermist, and Rosetta witness her doing this, then tell her that she was tinkering and that she should be proud of her talent—if this is what she\'s good at, the mainland should not matter. But Tinker Bell still wants to go to the mainland. She asks Rosetta if she will still teach her to be a garden fairy, but Rosetta says she thinks that tinkering is Tinker Bell\'s talent. As a last resort, Tinker Bell asks Vidia for help in becoming a garden fairy. Vidia craftily tells her that capturing the sprinting thistles would prove her worth. However, once she sees Tinker Bell making progress, she lets the captured thistles loose, and in attempting to recapture them, Tinker Bell destroys all the preparations for spring. Tinker Bell decides to leave, but after talking with the light-keeper Terence  about how important his job is, she realizes the importance of a tinker. Tinker Bell redeems herself by inventing machines that quicken the process of decorating flowers, ladybugs, etc. This allows the other fairies to get back on schedule, thus saving the arrival of spring. Vidia is punished for prompting her to cause the chaos, and Queen Clarion allows Tinker Bell to join the nature-talent fairies when they bring spring to the mainland. Tinker Bell is given the task of delivering the music box to its original owner . The narrator ends by saying that when lost toys are found or a broken clock starts to work, "it all means that one very special fairy might be near."'] ['Geppetto  dearly wishes to become a father. One day his wish is granted by the Blue Fairy , and she brings to life a wooden puppet, made by Geppetto, named Pinocchio . In the beginning, everything is rosy for the new family, yet slowly things begin to unravel, culminating with Pinocchio running away. Geppetto, thinking Pinocchio would rather live with the evil Stromboli , washes his hands of the whole matter and tries to go back to his lonely life. Stromboli, however, had kidnapped him and was using him as the main attraction in his puppet show. Geppetto finally comes to his senses and goes out to rescue Pinocchio, but he has run away from Stromboli to the infamous "Pleasure Island" . On his way there, Geppetto has several chance encounters, including a professor that creates children to precise specifications ([[René Auberjonois  and a struggling, traveling magician . Pleasure Island is not all that it seems to be and Pinocchio is turned into a donkey, with Geppetto arriving just in time to see him and to try and rescue him. They set sail on a small boat, get hit by a storm in the middle of the sea, and are swallowed by a whale. They manage to escape and forgive each other for their wrongs, and Pinocchio is turned into a "real boy" by the end of the film and all live happily ever after.'] ['The special is set shortly after the events of Shrek the Third , as Shrek and Fiona\'s children are still infants. Shrek  is quietly living in the swamp with his family when the Christmas season arrives. Under Donkey\'s  urging, Shrek reluctantly promises Princess Fiona  a special Christmas surprise. Shrek goes to the local bookstore in Far, Far Away to try to find a present for Fiona, but since he does not know what Christmas is all about, the shopkeeper  gives Shrek a copy of Christmas For Village Idiots, a step-by-step guide to celebrating the holiday. Shrek proceeds to follow the book\'s advice by decorating the house and getting a tree so he can spend a quiet Christmas Eve with his family, but Donkey brings the entire "family" to the swamp, ruining Shrek\'s plans. As Shrek tries to tell his own version of "A Visit from St. Nicholas "; Gingy, Donkey, and Puss in Boots  interrupt and each tell their own version of a Christmas story. Donkey tells of floats coming to the swamp. At the end, Donkey tells of licking an enormous Santa figure that is made out of waffles, but in reality he accidentally starts licking Shrek\'s leg. Puss tells his version of the story of Santa Claus, but ends up playing with the ball point of his Santa hat, while in reality he is playing with one of the baubles from the christmas tree. However, Gingy\'s story is not happy, but horrifying, as he tells about how his girlfriend Suzy got eaten up by Santa Claus. To which Donkey finds it unbelievable, with Gingy screaming "You weren\'t there!". Donkey finds Shrek\'s Christmas for Village Idiots book, and the ensuing fight over the book destroys all of Shrek\'s decorations, furniture and the tree. Shrek ends up ejecting his friends from the house in a fit of anger. Christmas spirit ruined, Fiona and Shrek have a talk, after which she takes the children and leaves the swamp to go and apologize to their friends. Shrek feels downhearted that Christmas Eve did not go as he hoped it would. Fiona catches up to their friends and explains to Donkey what Shrek had wanted for Christmas. Shrek catches up with the group, and apologizes for losing his temper. Donkey is shocked to learn that this is Shrek\'s first Christmas, because "ogres don\'t celebrate anything." Donkey also apologizes for being annoying, and explains that Christmas never goes as planned and according to his mother, "\'Christmas ain\'t Christmas until somebody cries\', and that\'s usually me." After a snowball fight, the friends return to the swamp, and Shrek tells his story, featuring not Santa, but Ogre Claus. Soon they hear bells and go outside to see Santa and his reindeer, although Gingy runs back inside screaming in terror.'] ['Set in between the third film  and second film , Fievel, his friend, Tony and his sister, Tanya all get jobs at the local newspaper, where the audience is introduced to Nellie, who wants to be an important reporter, but only gets small assignments, as if she were a secretary to Reed, the newspaper\'s editor. Throughout the film, Tanya tries to win Reed\'s heart, while Tony tries to get noticed by Reed and promoted to a reporter. Like in the previous movies, where a mouse installation is directly below its human installation counterpart, the newspaper offices the mice work in is directly underneath the newspaper offices the humans work in. Nellie gets a chance when she is assigned to report mice who disappear overnight into holes that open up on their floor all over New York. Reed makes up a, as Nellie calls it, "so-called monster" that lives under Manhattan and takes mice away during the night to add more excitement to the otherwise unimportant story, intending to sell more papers. The night monster creates fears among the readers, as could be expected. Fievel begins having nightmares that cause him to lose sleep because of his fear of the monster; the film opens up with Fievel having a dream about being chased by what he thinks the monster looks like. When, through Tanya, he is assigned the job of following Nellie and drawing up interperatations of what the monster looks like based on witness testimony, this makes his insomnia all the worse. A particularly suspicious miniature French poodle named Madame Mousey, who has started living among the mice about this time, appears at every crime scene, claiming to be a fortune teller. The heroes finally decide to investigate her by means of the "dog council" that meets at Central Park. They also search down one of the holes, which leads directly to a group of cats hiding in the sewers. Also, all the mice that had disappeared are being held in wood cages there, to be sold off to other cats and eaten. The night monster itself, a mechanic device with ghastly flashing pictures and a circular saw, is revealed in full when it attacks the mice newspaper office and printing press to prevent them from printing the truth, which they had just discovered. A great chase scene takes place throughout both the mouse and the human newspaper offices. Reed reveals that he was in love with Nellie all along, much to Tanya\'s intense dismay. When all the cats seem to be under control, the "dog council" appears just as they\'re regaining consciousness and chase them all away, taking Madame Mousey with them. The last scene takes place at the beach, where the audience is told that the "dog council" had chosen for the French poodle  a punishment worse than prison: returning her to her owner. Mrs. Mousekewitz, Fievel\'s mother, surmises saying that now that the mystery has been cleared up, Fievel may finally go to sleep, only to turn around and find him already asleep on the beach towel.'] [' When Rainbow Brite  and her magical horse Starlite , go to Earth to start spring, they meet Stormy , another magical girl who controls the season of winter with her horse Skydancer . Stormy, however, doesn\'t want to end her winter fun, so Rainbow battles her for control over the season. Stormy proves to be no match for Rainbow and Starlite, who outrun her and head off to Earth. When they arrive, they meet up with Brian , the only boy on Earth who can "see" Rainbow and Starlite. Once Rainbow tries to start spring, however, her power weakens and winter remains. Brian becomes worried that spring will never come and senses that all of humanity is losing hope. Even Stormy is confused. Reassuring Brian that they will do what they can to return spring, Rainbow and Starlite return to Rainbowland. Rainbow is paid a visit by a strange robotic horse with rockets for legs named On-X . He presents an urgent message from a legendary Sprite named Orin  who explains the luminous and magical planet Spectra, a planet of pure diamond that "all light in the universe has to pass through," has grown dark. If it dims completely, all life in the universe will die. Rainbow takes the mission to find Orin and later learns that Spectra is dimming as the result of a massive net being woven around the surface. The net is being made so that a selfish princess , known only as the "Dark Princess," can steal Spectra, "the greatest diamond in all the universe," for herself, and tow it back to her world with her massive spaceship. The native Sprites of Spectra, enslaved by Glitterbots under the Princess\'s control, are being forced to weave the net. Now Rainbow has to stop the Princess\'s plan before all life on Earth is frozen solid by an endless winter. Helping Rainbow and Starlite is Krys , a boy from Spectra. Krys believes he can take on the evil Princess and save his home world himself without the help of a "dumb girl." When they meet Orin, the wise Sprite tries to make the two children get along and work together to stop the evil Princess. Orin tells them that they can only destroy her by combining their own powers against her. Getting in the way of their mission is the sinister Murky Dismal  and his bumbling assistant Lurky  who, as usual, are lavishing in the new gloom created by the darkening of Spectra, as well as trying to steal Rainbow\'s magical color belt. After dodging Murky, Rainbow and Krys enter the Dark Princess\'s castle and try to convince her that what she is doing will destroy the universe, but the spoiled and uncaring Princess is determined to have the diamond planet for herself and traps the children instead. Working together, Rainbow and Krys escape and use their powers to destroy the Princess\' spaceship, which extends an array of robotic claws to grab the net around Spectra.  Once the Princess is defeated, the enslaved Sprites are freed and immediately destroy the net so that Spectra radiates its magical light once again. On Earth, a warm spring finally arrives as life returns to the planet and Rainbow returns to Rainbowland finding her friends are back to normal.'] ["The film begins with a very big wrecking ball destroying an abandoned building. The impact knocks over a magic lamp inside of the building, causing it to land on a boombox. The genie inside decides to make residence inside the boombox from there on in. Meanwhile, a schoolboy named Max  is confronted and chased down by a group of bullies through the city of New Bronslin. Max is chased into the abandoned building, where he discovers the boombox and accidentally unleashes the genie inside. The genie, who introduces himself as Kazaam , tells Max that he is now Max's genie and proves it to him by demonstrating his powers, which results in Kazaam disappearing off the face of the earth. Max returns home to find that his mother is marrying a fireman named Travis. It's revealed that his mother lied to him about his real father's whereabouts, and that he is actually located in the city. Max set out to search for his father in the hopes of rekindling some sort of bond between them. He suddenly encounters Kazaam during his travels, who pesters Max into making a wish. Max eventually finds his father, only to learn that he is a musical talent agent who specializes in pirated music. Max goes to his personal secret hideout and tells Kazaam about his father. They decide to have a bike race through Max's hideout, during which Kazaam shows off his powers. Kazaam finally convinces Max to make his first wish, which consists of junk food raining from the sky. While eating all of this, Max suddenly realizes that he owns Kazaam until he makes his last two wishes. Max and Kazaam go out to see Max's father again. After getting past an intimidating bodyguard, Max is introduced by his father to the other employees of the agency and invited to a nightclub. The owner of the nightclub, Malik , shows interest in Kazaam upon the realization that he is a genie, and he hopes to control Kazaam through Max's father. The next day, Kazaam stays in Max's home and passes himself off as Max's tutor. Max confesses to Kazaam that he and his father aren't really connecting, though Kazaam attempts to shirk the issue with some rapping. Max attempts to wish for his father and mother to fall back in love, but Kazaam cannot grant this wish because he is not a djinn, and therefore not free to grant ethereal wishes. Later that day, Max witnesses his father being assaulted by Malik and his minions and goes to Kazaam for help. Kazaam just received a record deal as a professional rapper and is unable to help Max out. Max is kidnapped by Malik and takes possession of Kazaam's boombox. After pushing Max down an elevator shaft, Malik summons Kazaam in the hopes that he will do his bidding. While Kazaam is initially powerless against his master, he soon breaks free from his oppression and defeats Malik and his minions. Kazaam transforms Malik into a basketball and then slam dunks him into a garbage disposal. However, he then finds Max's lifeless body, and wishes that he could have granted Max's wish to give his father a second chance at life. Then, in his sorrow, Kazaam finally becomes a djinn, and is therefore able to do this for Max. With him officially a djinn, he pulls Max out of harm's way and carried out of the burning building by Travis. Max's father then shows up and tells him that he hopes to rekindle the bonding with his son, before he takes off with authorities. Kazaam is then last seen walking off being grilled by his girlfriend because he doesn't have a job, while at the same time, ecstatic over his newfound freedom."] ['The film begins in the 6th century in England with the death of the king, Uther Pendragon. Uther did not leave an heir to his throne, and without a king, "it seemed that the land would be torn by war". Suddenly, the "Sword in the Stone" appears in London, with an inscription proclaiming that "Whoso Pulleth Out This Sword of this Stone and Anvil, is Rightwise King Born of England." None succeed in removing the sword, which is soon forgotten, leaving England to the Dark Ages. Many years later, Merlin, "The world\'s most powerfull wizard." predicts that a small boy, named Arthur , will come to his cottage. While accompanying his older foster brother Kay on a hunting trip, Wart accidentally prevents Kay from shooting a deer. He goes to retrieve the arrow, and falls into Merlin\'s cottage. Merlin declares himself Wart\'s tutor and the two return to Wart\'s home, a castle run by Sir Ector, Arthur\'s foster father. Although Merlin convinces him that magic exists via conjuring up an indoor blizzard , Ector will not allow him to tutor Wart, so Merlin magically disappears, which persuades Ector to let Merlin stay. Ector\'s friend, Sir Pellinore, arrives with news about the annual jousting tournament to be held on New Year\'s Day in London, with the new development that the winner will become king. Ector decides to put Kay through serious training for the tournament and makes Wart his squire. Merlin transforms Wart and himself into fish and they swim in the castle moat to learn about physics. Wart is attacked by a pike and saved by Archimedes, Merlin\'s owl. Wart is sent to the kitchen as punishment after he tries relating his lesson to a disbelieving Ector. Merlin enchants the dishes to wash themselves, then takes Wart for another lesson and turns them into squirrels to learn about gravity. Wart is almost eaten by a wolf, that has been trying to eat him since the beginning of the film, but is saved by a female squirrel who falls in love with him. She traps the wolf in the log and he floats down the river to be never seen again. After they have returned to human form, Ector accuses Merlin of using black magic on the dishes. Wart defends Merlin but Ector will not listen, punishing Wart for "popping off" by giving Kay a different squire, Hobbs. For his third lesson, after apologizing to Wart and resolving to redeem him, Merlin transforms him into a sparrow and Archimedes, having charge of Wart\'s education reassigned to him , teaches Wart how to fly. Wart is attacked by a hawk and flies down the witch Madam Mim\'s chimney. Mim\'s magic uses trickery, as opposed to Merlin\'s scientific skill. Merlin arrives after she nearly kills Arthur and challenges Mim to a Wizards\' Duel, in which the combatants change themselves into various non-imaginary animals to destroy one another. Mim breaks the rules first by disappearing, then eventually transforming into a dragon. Merlin transforms himself into a germ called "Malignalitaloptereosis" and infects Mim, effectively defeating her, thus demonstrating the importance of brains over brawn. At Christmas Eve, Kay is knighted but Hobbs comes down with the mumps; Ector reinstates Wart as Kay\'s squire. Merlin is disappointed that Wart still prefers war games to academics. Wart tries to explain that, he\'s lucky to be Kay\'s squire and that Merlin\'s urgings that he aim for anything better are pointless. This further aggravates Merlin, who in shouting "Blow me to Bermuda!" in anger, unwittingly transports himself to 20th-century Bermuda. Ector, Kay, Pellinore, Wart and Archimedes travel to London for the tournament. Wart realises he has left Kay\'s sword at a nearby inn, which is closed because of the tournament. Archimedes notices a sword in a stone in a nearby churchyard. Wart pulls the sword from the stone, unwittingly fulfilling the prophecy. When Arthur returns with the sword, Ector and Black Bart recognize it as the Sword in the Stone and the tournament is stopped. Demanding that Arthur prove he pulled it, Ector replaces the sword in its anvil. None of the other men can remove it as before, but Wart pulls it out again. This time the sky grows brighter and miracles appear in England. The knights all proclaim, "Hail, King Arthur! Long live the King!" as the crowd kneels down before him, the first being Ector, who apologises to Wart for his previous harsh treatment. Arthur, crowned king, sits in the throne room with Archimedes, yet feels unprepared to take the responsibility of royalty. Overwhelmed by the cheering crowd outside, Arthur calls out to Merlin for help, who arrives from Bermuda and is elated to find that Arthur is the King that he saw in the future. Merlin tells the boy that he will lead the Knights of the Round Table, becoming one of the most famous figures in literature and even in motion pictures.'] ['Bastian Bux , a quiet boy who loves to read, is accosted by bullies on his way to school. He hides in a bookstore, interrupting the grumpy bookseller, Mr. Koreander ([[Thomas Hill . Bastian asks about one of the books he sees, but Mr. Koreander warns him it is "not safe." Nevertheless, Bastian "borrows" the book, leaving a note promising to return it, and races towards school. He then hides in the school\'s attic to begin reading The Neverending Story. The book describes the fantasy world of Fantasia which is being threatened by a force called "The Nothing," a void of darkness that consumes everything. The Childlike Empress , who rules over Fantasia from the Ivory Tower, has fallen ill due to the Nothing, and she has summoned Atreyu , a young warrior from the Plains People, to discover the means to end the Nothing. Atreyu is given the AURYN, a medallion to protect and guide him. As Atreyu sets out, the Nothing summons Gmork , a vicious, but highly intelligent wolf-like beast, to kill Atreyu.  Atreyu\'s quest directs him to an ancient being called Morla that resides in the Swamps of Sadness. Though the AURYN protects Atreyu from its effects, his beloved horse Artax is lost to the swamp. Atreyu continues through the swamp, and is surprised when Morla reveals itself as a giant tortoise-like being. Bastian, reading, is also surprised and lets out a scream; when he continues reading, Bastian is curious that Atreyu and Morla appeared to have heard his scream. Morla does not have the answers Arteyu seeks, but directs him to the Southern Oracle, many thousands of miles distant. Atreyu attempts to trek through the Swamps but even the AURYN cannot protect him indefinitely. Atreyu blacks out, but awakens, clean and restored, next to the luckdragon Falkor , who had rescued Atreyu at the last minute and brought him to the Southern Orcale. Two gnomes that helped restore Atreyu, explain what they know about the Oracle, including the trials that one must face before reaching it. As the Darkness nears, Atreyu completes one trial and is perplexed when the second trial, a mirror that shows the viewer\'s true self, reveals a boy matching Bastian\'s description sitting in an attic reading a book. Bastian recoils in shock and throws the book aside, but cautiously continues reading after setting up candles in the darkened attic. Atreyu, past the trials, stands before the Oracle, who tells him the only way to save the Princess is to find a human child to give her a new name, but such a child can only be obtained beyond the boundaries of Fantasia. Atreyu and Falkor flee before the Nothing consumes the Oracle. The two try to locate the boundary of Fantasia, but the power of the Nothing has grown, and Atreyu is knocked from Falkor\'s back into the Sea of Possibilities, losing the AURYN in the process. He wakes up on the shore of an abandoned town, and as he explores, he finds a series of wall paintings describing his quest to the present, including one of him facing against Gmork. Gmork reveals himself, and explains that Fantasia is humanity\'s hopes and dreams, but that The Nothing, which represents human apathy, cynicism, and the denial of childish dreams, eats away at it. The beast then attacks as the Nothing starts to consume the town; Atreyu is able to kill Gmork with a sharp rock. Atreyu fights against the pull of the Nothing, but as he gives out, Falkor arrives to save him, having found the AURYN earlier. When Atreyu recovers, he finds they are flying in a black void with the only remnants of Fantasia floating around. Fearing his quest has failed, Atreyu is elated when the Ivory Tower appears. After landing, Atreyu races to see the Empress and apologizes for his failure. To his surprise, the Empress declares that he was successful, as he has brought the human child, Bastian, with him through his adventure. As the Nothing starts to consume the Ivory Tower, the Princess pleas directly to Bastian to give her her new name before it is too late. Bastian races to the attic windows and shouts the name "Moonchild" before the wind outside extinguishes the candles and sends the room into darkness. Bastian finds himself in a black void with the Empress. She shows him a single grain of sand, the last remaining part of Fantasia, but insists that Bastian\'s imagination, through the power of wishing, can restore Fantasia from it. After a moment\'s thought, Bastian wishes for the restoration of the land, and finds himself riding Falkor over the restored Fantasia, including Atreyu reunited with Artax. Bastian whispers into Falkor\'s ear; in the real world, the bullies that had chased down Bastian at the start suddenly find themselves being chased by Bastian and Falkor. A narrator states that Bastian had many more wishes and adventures, but those are tales "for another time".'] ['After a tornado whips across the prairie and causes a loose gate to knock her unconscious, Dorothy finds herself back in the Land of Oz with Toto. The first new character they meet is a talking Signpost , which has three signs pointing in three different directions, and each sign says "Emerald City", so they are going to have to find it themselves. They then fall into some spooky woods where they meet Pumpkinhead , the unwilling servant of Mombi, the cousin of both the deceased Wicked Witch of the East  and the Wicked Witch of the West . Toto chases a cat to a small cottage where Dorothy has the distinct displeasure of meeting Mombi\'s pet crow  and Mombi  herself face-to-warty-face. Dorothy is pushed into a chair which comes to life, and it hooks her arms. While Mombi has gone to get some more wood for the fire, Pumpkinhead sneaks into the house. She is brewing something big : green elephants, which she is planning to use as her army in her plot to conquer the Emerald City and become Queen of Oz. Pumpkinhead frees Dorothy, and they flee. After finding Dorothy gone and knowing Pumpkinhead is responsible, Mombi flies out on her broom, and says their warning the Scarecrow will not help when her green elephants "come crashing through the gate". While heading to the Emerald City, Dorothy and Pumpkinhead discover what appears to be a horse, upside-down on a pole. They get him off, and he introduces himself as Woodenhead Stallion III , and he explains how he ended up on there: he was a merry-go-round horse who fell from it. He takes them to the Emerald City, where Dorothy warns the Scarecrow  about Mombi\'s green elephants. Unfortunately, she happens to arrive moments later, and Toto and the Scarecrow are captured. Dorothy, Pumpkinhead, and Woodenhead flee to Tinland and try to convince the Tin Man  to help them. However, after hearing that Mombi\'s army consists of green elephants, he declines upon being afraid of the green elephants and suggests that they ask the Cowardly Lion. The Cowardly Lion  puts on his best brave act when he tells Dorothy and the others he will slay the elephants, saying he will "snap off their tusks and use them for toothpicks", but, like the Tin Man, he is too afraid after hearing the elephants are magical, and he suggests they go to find Glinda , the Good Witch of the North. She appears at that very moment with her Glinda Bird on her arm. The bird uses its Tattle Tail to show what is occurring at the palace. She then gives Dorothy a little silver box. She instructs her to open it only in the Emerald City, and then only in case of a dire emergency. She repeats the warning, and then opens a hollow panel under Woodenhead\'s saddle where she hides it, and they ride off. Glinda tells her bird to keep them tuned in. Mombi has been watching them through her crystal ball, and knows that their path will take them through the Ferocious Forest. Using her magic, she brings the trees to life. Luckily, Glinda is also keeping a watchful eye on things, and she conjures a golden hatchet, which she zaps to Pumpkinhead. One of the trees snatches it from him, but ends up hitting one of the other trees, turning it to gold and making it bloom. The tree with the axe hits the others, turning them to gold too, and finally, ends up doing the same to himself. Woodenhead continues to carry Dorothy and Pumpkinhead back to the Emerald City. When they arrive, Mombi\'s elephants surprise them, but, when Dorothy flips open Glinda\'s box, a large army of mice emerge from it, scaring off the elephants. Mombi sees them in retreat, but she does not see the mice chasing them. She brews a potion to shrink Toto to mouse-size so she can feed him to her cat. One of the magic mice scares her, who throws the potion all over her pet crow, and a drop drips from its perch, landing on the cat. The magic mice are much larger than normal ones, so the tiny crow and cat flee in fear. Running outside, Mombi disguises herself as a rose with poisonous thorns. The elephants trample and kill her then disappear, and the Scarecrow explains that when a witch dies, all her magic dies with her. Unfortunately, that also means that Pumpkinhead loses the life she gave him. However, he comes back to life when one of Dorothy\'s tears falls on his head, and Glinda tells her that there\'s a magic stronger than her own as well as Mombi\'s put together, the strongest one in all the world: faith and love. The Scarecrow makes Woodenhead the head of the Oz cavalry and knights Pumpkinhead. Now, all Dorothy wants is to go home to her Aunt Em  and Uncle Henry  in Kansas. The Scarecrow flips through the Constitution of Oz and reads a section that states that a visitor to there may return the way they came if similar transportation is available. After Dorothy reveals she came by cyclone, Glinda asks for some leaves. Pumpkinhead gives her some of the ones from his neck, and she waves her wand. They form a tornado, which takes Dorothy and Toto back home. Before their departure, Dorothy promises that she will return to Oz someday.'] [" In 1869, two boys bury a game board in a forest near Brandford, New Hampshire. A century later, 12-year-old Alan Parrish flees from a gang of bullies to a shoe factory owned by his father, Sam, where he meets his friend Carl Bentley, one of Sam's employees. When Alan accidentally damages a machine with a prototype sneaker Carl hopes to patent, Carl takes the blame and loses his job. Outside the factory, after the bullies beat him up and steal his bicycle, Alan follows the sound of tribal drumbeats to a construction site and finds the chest, containing a board game called Jumanji. Alan takes the game home and is attempting to run away after having an argument with his father, about attending a boarding school, when his friend Sarah Whittle gives his bike back. The two begin a game of Jumanji, which acts strangely: When a player rolls the dice, the player's piece moves itself and a message appears on the board. When Alan makes his first move, he is sucked into a jungle. Although the message states that he will be freed when a five or an eight is rolled, Sarah quits the game after being attacked by African bats. Twenty-six years later, Judy and Peter Shepherd move into the Parrish house with their aunt Nora after losing their parents in a skiing accident. Judy and Peter hear Jumanjis drumbeats and play the game in the attic, and as a result, giant mosquitoes attack them, and reddish-orange monkeys destroy their kitchen. Realizing that everything will be restored when the game ends, they continue the game despite the danger. Peter rolls a five, releasing both a lion and Alan, who is now an adult. Alan locks the lion in a bedroom, then goes to the now closed shoe factory. On the way, he meets Carl, working as a police officer, and discovers that the town's economy was devastated by the factory's closure. In the factory, a homeless man reveals that Sam abandoned the business to search for his son until his death in 1991. Alan joins the game with Judy and Peter, but when rolling the dice has no effect on the board, Alan realizes they are continuing the game he and Sarah started years ago. Finding Sarah at her house, Alan tricks her into rejoining the game, and the following moves release man-eating vines from a giant flower, a big-game hunter named Van Pelt who has it out personally for Alan, and an animal stampede . Among other things, Peter transforms into a monkey after trying to cheat; Peter, Sarah and Judy battle Van Pelt in a local department store; a monsoon floods the house; a crocodile attacks the group; an earthquake breaks the house in two; Alan is sucked into the floor by quicksand; large poisonous spiders come out; and Judy is shot by a poisonous barb from a flower. Finally, Alan wins the game just in time when Van Pelt is about to shoot him, causing all jungle elements to be sucked back into the board. After that, Alan and Sarah suddenly find themselves back in 1969 again, once again children, but with full knowledge of their lives after they started playing. Alan reconciles with Sam and admits to his father that he was the one who damaged the machine. Carl gets his job back, and Sam allows his son to attend a local school if he wishes to do so. Alan and Sarah chain up the Jumanji board and throw it into a river, where they kiss before leaving. Twenty-six years later, Alan and Sarah are married and expecting for their first child, Alan has taken over the shoe business, Carl still works in the factory as the plant supervisor, and Sam is retired, but still alive. When Judy, Peter, and their parents meet with Alan and Sarah at a Christmas party, they offer Judy and Peter's father a job in the shoe company, also discouraging them from going on the ski trip, that would've killed them. Meanwhile, two French-speaking girls hear drumbeats as they walk along a beach, where the Jumanji board is half buried in the sand."] ['A United States oil company loses a drill, intended to do work in the Arctic, while flying over a Canadian lake. Company employee Sean is contacted to go to Canada to find it; however, he has to cancel plans to take his son to Walt Disney World. Although his son, Mac, is disappointed, he agrees to go with his father to Canada. Once in Canada, they meet a local native named Custer who helps Sean and another employee on their mission. They visit the lake using a submarine, and after taking pictures of the bottom of the lake discover incredibly deep giant rivers. The legend of Mee-Shee states that the rivers lead to the ocean. Sean and Mac rent the home of Mrs. Coogan, a kindly lady whom Sean refers as "Mary Poppins". Mac, Sean and others see vague images of Mee-Shee that spark their curiosity. Upon meeting Custer\'s daughter Pawnee, Mac goes with her to a cave where local native woman "Crazy Norma" feeds Mee-Shee. This is where they first meet the unique creature. Mac runs back to the house to tell his dad, but Mrs. Coogan warns that Mee-Shee\'s life could be endangered if the outside world knew of it. Meanwhile, saboteurs Snead and Watkins, agents of a rival oil company who pose as Greenpeace representatives, destroy Sean\'s equipment and search for the drill themselves. Their first time under the water, they see Mee-Shee and shoot him with a harpoon. When Mac finds him again in the cave he removes the harpoon, and tells environmental ranger Laura about it. Events lead to a search for Mee-Shee and conflicts with the saboteurs. The saboteurs capture Mee-Shee and attempt to kill him, but an even larger Mee-Shee appears, meaning that the one in the net is a baby and the larger one is an adult. Enraged, the mother attacks the saboteurs and kills them. Out of gratitude, the baby Mee-Shee retrieves the drill but they decide that they don\'t want it and throw it back. All of a sudden 8 more Mee-Shees appear out of the water, both old and young .'] ['Meeper, the janitor of an alien pub called the Ale-E-Inn, has higher aspirations—a karaoke performer. After he accidentally electrocutes a singer, he is ejected from the pub. Outside, he is told by a dying creature that "The ChubbChubbs are coming!" Meeper sees aircraft land in the distance, and huge, weapon-bearing monsters exit the craft. He assumes these are the ChubbChubbs. Meeper rushes to warn the pub, and some chicks he finds pecking at the ground outside, but each of his attempts further injures the singer. The patrons are finally warned by a different visitor. The pub is emptied, and everyone takes off into the night, leaving Meeper behind. The monsters are almost at the pub. Meeper hides the chicks under his pail in an attempt to save them, and then launches into a rendition of Why Can\'t We Be Friends? until, caught up in the song, he trips over the pail, revealing the chicks. The monsters flee, screaming, "It\'s the ChubbChubbs!" The chicks reveal their razor sharp teeth and devour the monsters, who are actually known as Zyzaks. They gather around Meeper, who says, "So... You guys into Karaoke?" As the credits roll, Meeper and the ChubbChubbs sing a rewrite of Aretha Frankin\'s Respect in the pub. When the song is finished, there is dead silence. The ChubbChubbs glare and reveal their teeth, and the crowd hastily bursts into applause.'] ['In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off mankind by creating a new ice age.'] ['Lieutenant Grumblebee finds a large ship on a riverbank. He observes Puppetino—the chief henchman of the Emperor of the Night—remarking that the area is the perfect place to set up.Stakes and ropes fly from the ship, and a circus tent forms. Grumblebee leaves the area. A year after being made human by the Good Fairy, Pinocchio celebrates his first birthday with Mister Geppetto. The Good Fairy appears and teaches Pinocchio that love is his most powerful gift. She brings to life one of Pinocchio\'s own carvings, a wooden glow worm, to act as Pinocchio\'s conscience. Pinocchio, surprised, accidentally names it Gee Willikers. After the party Pinocchio offers to deliver a jewel box to the mayor for Geppetto. He encounters Scalawag and Igor, who trick Pinocchio into trading the box for the "Pharaoh\'s Ruby". Returning home, Pinocchio is ashamed to discover the ruby is a fake. He runs away, leaving Gee Willikers behind. Pinocchio looks for work at the carnival and is entranced by a blonde marionette named Twinkle. Puppetino uses Twinkle to lure Pinocchio into joining the carnival. Puppetino plays an organ grinder and Pinocchio begins dancing against his will as he is transformed back into a puppet. Puppetino attaches strings to Pinocchio\'s hands and feet and hangs him up with Twinkle. The Good Fairy appears and awakens Pinocchio, explaining that he lost his freedom because he took it for granted. She reminds him of the importance of choice before restoring him to human form. Pinocchio decides to retrieve the jewel box. Willikers is upset so Pinocchio sets him aside and travels alone. He finds Scalawag and Igor, who inform him that the box is at the carnival, which has returned to the ship. They pursue it by boat, but the ship suddenly opens up, swallowing the boat. Willikers, carried to the river by Grumblebee, latches onto Pinocchio\'s pocket as they drift into the ship. Scalawag recognizes the ship as the Empire of the Night. A boatman offers Pinocchio a ride to the jewel box, leaving Scalawag and Igor behind. The boatman says the box is in the opposite, darker end of a cavern. Pinocchio prefers the brighter path, and they row to the "Neon Cabaret". A doorman says that Pinocchio can play inside if he signs a contract. He impulsively agrees, running inside and drinking from a fountain of green liquid that causes him to hallucinate and black out. He awakens on a stage; a ringmaster tells him his fans are waiting and he begins dancing. Scalawag and Igor, who have followed Pinocchio, try to get his attention, but are drawn offstage while he is distracted by Twinkle. Pinocchio bows to thunderous applause. Puppetino appears and Pinocchio turns to find the boatman, who transforms into the doorman and then the ringmaster. He tells Pinocchio that he has reached the "Land Where Dreams Come True" and then morphs into a floating being with four arms—the Emperor of the Night. He demands Pinocchio sign a contract that will make him a puppet again, a choice that will weaken the Good Fairy. Pinocchio refuses and is imprisoned with Scalawag and Igor. Scalawag laments that they have succumbed to their desires without considering the consequences. The Emperor reveals to Pinocchio that Geppetto has been shrunk to fit inside the jewel box. Pinocchio offers to sign the contract if the Emperor frees Geppetto and the others. Pinocchio signs away his freedom, transforming back into a living puppet. The Emperor betrays Pinocchio, telling him that the freedom of choice gives him his power. Pinocchio turns on the Emperor and a blue aura—the light of the Good Fairy—surrounds him. The Emperor shoots bolts of flame at Pinocchio, but the blue light protects him as the ship catches fire. The Emperor promises to make Geppetto pay for Pinocchio\'s choices, and Pinocchio plunges into the Emperor\'s flaming figure, destroying him and his ship. On the shore, Geppetto has returned to his original size. Scalawag and Igor find Pinocchio, who is once again a real boy. The Good Fairy appears, proudly telling Pinocchio that he no longer needs her. She presents the jewel box to Geppetto. She reveals the now human Twinkle awakening nearby before fading away, leaving the group to celebrate.'] ['When friends Jill Pole and Eustace Scrubb stumble into Narnia, they are given a quest by Aslan the Talking Lion. They must save Prince Rilian, son of the late King Caspian, from the Evil Green Lady. To help them on their quest they meet the gloomy but loyal Marshwiggle Puddleglum. Leaving Narnia, they journey deep into the desolate northern lands, where they encounter cold, hunger and hardship. The children soon begin to bicker among themselves, forgetting the Four Signs Aslan has given them for guidance along the way. One frosty morning, the three travelers encounter a beautiful Green Lady, accompanied by a silent Black Knight. Not realizing that the charming lady is actually the same deadly serpent which enslaved the Prince and killed his mother, the children confide in her eagerly. Sensing their hunger and exhaustion, the sly witch sends them to the Gentle Giants of Harfang. The giants are kind to the children at first, but in reality they plan to fatten the travelers up with rich foods and then eat them for the Autumn Feast. Discovering the truth, Jill and her friends escape from Harfang and go underground, where they again encounter the Green Lady. She reveals that her plan all along has been to raise an army of underground gnomes to conquer Narnia, with Prince Rilian serving as her general. The Prince has been placed under a spell by the witch, and only when the travelers set him free, cutting him loose from the silver chair "in Aslan\'s name" does he regain his senses. The witch then attempts to put all three travelers under a similar spell, but her magic fails to work on Puddleglum. His defiance enrages the witch, who loses her temper and takes on her true form as a hideous green snake. Once she is no longer in the distracting shape of a woman, Prince Rilian recognizes who she truly is and kills her.'] [' Peter Banning  is a successful corporate lawyer whose relationship with his family, especially his two young children Jack  and Maggie  is strained by continuous absences and broken promises. His wife Moira  struggles to keep them together and grows frustrated at Peter for his callous behavior. The family flies to London to visit Moira\'s grandmother, Wendy Darling , who helped Peter find a family when he was a young orphan. Upon arrival, they meet an old man who has "lost his marbles", Tootles , Wendy\'s first orphan. Peter, Moira, and Wendy attend a ceremony for the expansion of Wendy\'s orphanage. While they are out, his children are kidnapped, with a dagger bearing a note signed by "Jas. Hook, Captain" flung into their bedroom door. Wendy tells Peter that he is in fact Peter Pan and that his old enemy has returned and taken his children for revenge, but he fails to remember anything. Tinker Bell  appears before Peter that night and knocks him unconscious and flies him to a pirate port in Neverland. There he awakens in disbelief, and is discovered by Captain Hook  and his second in command Smee , who threaten the children unless he accepts Hook\'s challenge to a duel. Tinker Bell intervenes and is granted three days in which to prepare him for it. The Lost Boys, now led by Peter\'s successor, Rufio , at first dismiss him as an old man who has no hope of regaining his former glory, but he begins to learn the magic of Neverland. Meanwhile, Hook uses Jack\'s frustration over his father\'s continuous broken promises to steal his affection. Peter is heartbroken when he sees Hook treating Jack like a son, and becomes determined to win his family back. He finally remembers his past and learns how to fly by recalling his "happy thought": being a father. Peter regains the leadership of the Lost Boys and they challenge Hook and his pirates in an all-out battle. Peter regains Jack\'s love and saves Maggie, but during the fight Rufio is killed by Hook. Peter and Hook engage in a climactic sword fight, Hook is apparently killed when the Crocodile, now a massive clock tower, falls on him. Peter returns home with Jack and Maggie and designates the largest member of the Lost Boys, Thud Butt , the only other lost boy besides Rufio whom Peter grew a connection to, as leader of the Lost Boys in his absence, and tells all the Lost Boys to take care of everybody smaller than them. Returning home, Peter finally realizes the love he has for his family and the importance of having a youthful heart. Tootles, a former Lost Boy, is dismayed at missing the adventure, but discovers pixie dust in his bag of lost marbles and uses it to go flying around London and back to Neverland. Wendy remarks to Peter that his adventures are now over, but Peter says to live would be a great adventure as well.'] ['The film begins with an aging king named William  who has a daughter named Odette . He and his friend, the widowed Queen Uberta , decide to have Odette and the Queen\'s son, Prince Derek , meet every summer with hopes they\'ll fall in love so as to unite their kingdoms. At first, while Odette and Derek are still children, this fails miserably, but as years pass and the two reach young adulthood, they finally begin to strongly fall madly in love. However, during a royal ball, Derek expresses his wish to marry Odette for just her beautiful and pretty looks, which upsets her into rejecting him again. She leaves the next day with her father, but they are intercepted en route by Rothbart , an evil sorcerer who desires William\'s kingdom for himself. He kidnaps Odette and fatally injures William; Derek, alerted to the situation, arrives on the scene, where William tells him with his dying breath that they were attacked by a "Great Animal", a bat-like monster that is "not what it seems". Despite Uberta\'s efforts to find another princess for her son to marry, Derek becomes fircerely determined to find Odette. He and his best friend Bromley  practice hunting each day to hopefully kill the Great Animal and save Odette. Elsewhere, Rothbart has taken Odette to his castle lair at Swan Lake and cast a transformational spell on her that makes her turn into a swan during the day and a human again during the night. The spell can only be broken by a vow of everlasting romantic love. He asks her to marry him every night so he can rule William\'s kingdom legally, as taking it by force is too much trouble, but she always refuses. During her captivity, she befriends an old turtle named Speed , a frog named Jean-Bob , and Puffin , a puffin bird. Puffin, after learning about the workings of Rothbart\'s evil spell, devises a plan to reunite Odette with Derek. Together with Puffin, Odette finds Derek, who has gone searching for her with Bromley; however, he mistakes her for the Great Animal and tries to kill her. The ensuing chase leads Derek to Swan Lake, where he witnesses Odette change from swan to human. The two share a happy loving reunion, but almost immediately, Rothbart comes calling. At Odette\'s insistence, Derek leaves with the hopes of meeting her at a ball being held by Uberta the following night. Unfortunately, Rothbart finds Derek\'s bow , tells Odette that there will be no moon the next night, and has her, in swan form, imprisoned within the castle dungeon along with Bromley. He then plans to send his hag sidekick Bridget, disguised as Odette, to the ball instead. Odette\'s friends free her, but when she reaches the ball, she sees that she has been replaced and tries to warn Derek; she fails, partly due to Bridget\'s attempts to keep Derek from seeing her, and Derek makes the vow to Bridget. Rothbart arrives and reveals that Derek\'s vow, given to the wrong woman, will cause his spell to kill Odette. She flies back to Swan Lake as Rothbart\'s curse drains her life force while Derek, desperate to save her, races after; he arrives too late, and she dies in his arms, but not before she admits her true undying romantic feelings and love for him and that she will always truly love him. A furious Derek confronts Rothbart, demanding that he not allow Odette to die. To Derek\'s surprise, Rothbart transforms into the Great Animal, and an intense battle ensues, with Rothbart overpowering Derek and nearly killing him. Fortunately, Odette\'s animal friends return Derek\'s longbow to him, and Bromley, who has escaped the dungeon, provides Derek with a single arrow; Derek catches it and kills Rothbart by firing it straight-and-true into his heart. With Rothbart\'s defeat, his spell on Odette is broken, and she returns to life to hear Derek say that he truly does love her for her courage and kindness and has always had. The two are soon married and live happily ever after.'] ['{{Plot}} Danny Walker , and his father James  have just moved to the town from Chicago so his father can fulfill his dream of re-opening the family chocolate factory. Danny and James are staying with James\'s father known by all as "Uncle Fred" . Uncle Fred is apparently crazy and obsessed with Tang and Hot Wheels. He is a bit like a child and knows how to drive a go cart and play video games quite well. He also is into the Apollo space mission and is building a model rocket, and he has a space suit that he frequently wears. The boy quite dislikes Walker Falls. To him it is a town full of weirdos and no one likes him. The school principal glares at him in the hallways, the janitor makes sure to tip over his bucket of water as he comes past, and the football coach Mike Kankle  and his son Ryan  are not much fun either. Ryan is the school bully where he steals kids\' desserts at lunch and scaring everyone. The only person who seems to be nice to Danny is Mrs. Taylor Morgan , the school nurse. She went to high school with Danny\'s father and, by the end of the story, has feelings for him. Danny is surprised by how few decorations are up with Halloween only a week away. The people of Walker Falls do not seem to be making any effort at all to celebrate the holiday. Sheriff Ed Frady  even takes down the decorations that Danny has just put up earlier that morning. But after a run-in with Ryan and his pal Leo  in the graveyard that night, Danny soon learns why. As Danny is walking home from school and sees his crush Dayna Stenson , he is caught up in her good looks and walks right into a lamppost. He loses sight of Dayna and then realizes he is alone in front of a creepy old Victorian style house. It is here that Ryan and Leo push him into the cemetery, lock the gate, and tell him that Walker Falls does not celebrate Halloween because of the legend of Curtis Danko. Ryan tells the story. Curtis Danko  was an eighth grade student at the local middle school a few decades ago where a young Mike Kankel  and Ed Frady  were in his class. Curtis was an outcast, with bushy black hair and pale skin. He was obsessed with art, but never painted what "normal" people would paint. Instead, he drew pictures of monsters and aliens. A competition was held in Walker Falls that year for all the eighth graders to design a sculpture of their hero. While all the other kids worked on their sculptures, Curtis had his covered. After the school was closed, he would come back and work by the light of the fireflies. He didn\'t take Halloween off. That night, he still went to the art room and worked on his sculpture. Mike Kankel and his friends were walking by when they see Curtis Danko looking out of the window. According to Ryan, no one knows how the kiln door locked or how the kiln turned on. When Mike Kankel returned the next day, he noticed the kiln had been on all night. He opened the door and found Curtis\'s charred skeleton and a message saying that if the town of Walker Falls ever celebrated another Halloween, he would come back and destroy them all. Mike Kankel was blind for three days after seeing Curtis\' finished statue. He said it was like being face to face with the devil himself. Everyone in the town believed the legend and, since then, Halloween has never been celebrated. Danny thinks it is a silly story, though it explains why everyone has been being so weird. Just then, Ryan and Leo try to force Danny to look at the sculpture, but Danny is too quick and he bolts through the bars of the cemetery and races home where Uncle Fred is waiting, dressed as a Viking. James is rarely around, so Uncle Fred has served as a stand-in father for Danny. That night, James is planning to announce his "Halloween Spooktacular" idea to raise funds to re-open Walker Chocolates at the town meeting. Uncle Fred and Danny try to explain the situation, but dad just won\'t listen. Uncle Fred decide to go to the meeting dressed as women. At the meeting, Mayor Churney  announces his campaign for re-election. Running against him is Micheal Kankle. After the announcements, it is James Walker\'s turn. He is surprised to find that the people of Walker Falls shudder at just the mention of Halloween. To bring the conversation back on track, his secretary passes out samples of chocolate, but the audience isn\'t very enthusiastic. The meeting ends after all but a few leave the town hall. Danny\'s father is very upset when he learns about the legend which has completely ruined his plans. He decides to cancel the "spooktacular" and get funds elsewhere. Uncle Fred then reveals why no one likes Danny. Uncle Fred was responsible for building the kiln that killed Curtis. That night, Danny dreams he is at Curtis\'s crypt and sees the cloth being ripped off the statue. That morning, there is a commotion outside the house. A large pile of pumpkins has been discovered in the town center. It finally looks like Walker Falls might celebrate another Halloween. But when Uncle Fred lifts a pumpkin, the entire pile rolls on top of him, killing him. Everyone in town is at Uncle Fred\'s funeral and Danny is very sad. As a memento, he lets his grandfather\'s favorite car shoot down the track and rest with his coffin. However, because of Uncle Fred\'s love of Halloween, the magic in the cemetery allows him to return to the living as a zombie. Unfortunately, that same magic seems to awaken others from their slumber including Curtis Danko. The zombies begin capturing all the townsfolk and gathering them to the creepy old Victorian style house chanting the phrase "Statue." Meanwhile, Danny and Dayna try to explain to James and Nurse Taylor Morgan the situation. "Uncle Fred" reveals his zombie self to his son and Nurse Taylor Morgan both fainting in the process. Zombies break into the house and "Uncle Fred" explains that Curtis might be behind the zombies awakening and tells them to escape while he holds the other zombies off. Unfortunately, he, his son, and Nurse Morgan are all captured. One of the zombies stating that "Uncle Fred" was the main part of the plan. When everyone is gathered, Curtis reveals himself to the people, as he is about to reveal his statue, he is attacked and literally torn apart by Mike Kankle. However, because Curtis is a zombie, he manages himself to pull himself together, and scare the wits out of Kankle. As Curtis pulls off the shroud off his statue, every covers their eyes in fear. Surprisingly, nothing happens. Everyone uncovers their eyes and see that Curtis\' statue reveals to be a that of "Uncle Fred." Curtis then shows Uncle Fred a picture of the two of them, "Uncle Fred" shaking Curtis\' hand, as it implied that Curtis looked up to him. "Uncle Fred", still guilty about Curtis\' death, wonders why he was a hero to Curtis as it was his kiln that killed him. Curtis then turns to Mike Kankle and points to him, naming him as his killer. Mike Kankle confesses that the night Curtis died, he was working on the statue of "Uncle Fred" and as a prank to scare him, Kankle, Frady, and his group pushed Curtis into the kiln and locked him in it then taunting him. Suddenly, the janitor appeared and Kankle\'s group ran off. While cleaning the class, the janitor accidentally turns on the kiln not realizing Curtis was inside. The next day, Kankle went inside the kiln and saw Curtis\' corpse as well as the completed statue of "Uncle Fred." To hide his crime, he made up the curse by writing the words in the ash as well as throwing ash into his eyes to make it seem like it was Curtis\' doing. Kankle also reveals that the statue of "Uncle Fred" would have been voted to be put in town square, instead of Kankle\'s statue of his father. It\'s revealed that Uncle Fred donated much time and money to the town\'s children promoting creativity and imagination; thus he was loved by many children explaining why he was called "Uncle Fred" and why much of his actions were seen as childish to some. Kankle wouldn\'t stand for someone to promoted things that were "girly" and wanted things "manly." However, Kankle\'s action earns him the wrath of his father Pops Kankle , who is among the group of zombies and is upset at what he has done. He then grabs Coach Kankle\'s ear and drags him out to "punish" him. By the end, the townspeople applaud Curtis\' statue. With that, Curtis has accomplished what he\'s done and bid farewell to the town disappearing into the night returning to his crypt to finally rest. Meanwhile, the other zombies bid farewell. "Uncle Fred" reconciles with his son, James, saying this will be the last time he will see him on Earth, but he\'d be watching him always on the other side. He then leaves with his wife  and the two join the other zombies, sharing one final dance with the fireflies, as all the entities slowly disappear dancing into the night. Danny and Dayna share a kiss, while James and Taylor hold hands as they watch the dancing zombies fade into the night. By the end, German investors that spoke to James earlier loved the concept of Halloween and decide to support him reopening the family chocolate factory.'] ['On his ninth birthday, Omri  receives an old cupboard from his brother and a little Indian figure made of plastic from his best friend . That night, Omri goes through his mom\'s box of old keys and finds that a gold colored key with a red ribbon tied to it  actually fits the keyhole of his cupboard. He then looks for an object to lock in the cupboard and settles for the Indian figurine. The next morning, he hears a small tapping noise coming from the cupboard. Omri opens the cupboard and finds a small living person hiding in the corner. It is actually the Indian figure who has magically come to life in human form. Frightened by his large acquaintance, the Indian pulls out a dagger and points it at Omri. Shortly afterwards, Omri\'s father comes in the room to help Omri get ready for school, forcing Omri to lock the cupboard and keep the Indian a secret. When Omri arrives home from school, he is upset to discover that the Indian has returned to its original toy form. When he goes to bed, Omri once more hears the tapping noise he heard that morning. He opens the cupboard to find the Indian alive once more. The Indian is again initially frightened of Omri but warms up to him as the two begin talking, slowly forming a friendship. The Indian reveals himself as an English-speaking, 18th-century Iroquois Indian named Little Bear  who was fighting in the French and Indian War on the side of the British. During Little Bear\'s stay with Omri, Omri learns a lot about the Iroquois. Omri also learns that Little Bear has a deceased wife. Eventually, Omri reveals his secret to his friend Patrick who immediately wants to get in on the fun. Ignoring Omri\'s protests, Patrick brings to life a cowboy from 1879 called "Boohoo" Boone . Boone and Little Bear are initially unfriendly towards one another, but are forced to behave themselves when Omri reluctantly agrees with Patrick to bring them to school. Their cover is nearly blown when Patrick almost shows Boone and Little Bear  to some classmates and he and Omri began arguing in the hallway. Back home, Omri shows a female Indian figure to Little Bear which he intends to bring to life to give Little Bear a new wife. Just as he is about to lock the figure in the cupboard, he and Patrick  are puzzled to find the cupboard is missing. Omri\'s brother confesses he hid the cupboard in the downstairs closet as means of getting back at Omri for hiding the ball his brother keeps his pet rat in. When Omri retrieves the cupboard, he discovers that the key is gone. That night, Omri and Patrick, along with Little Bear and Boone, watch a program on TV that shows a relentless slaughter of Indians by cowboys. Boone is enthusiastic at the sight of his \'boys\' killing the helpless Indians while Little Bear watches in terror at the sight of his \'people\' being massacred. Out of confusion and hearing Boone fire his revolver into the air with delightful cheering and applause, Little Bear fires an arrow into Boone\'s chest, knocking him unconscious. Making matters worse, Omri\'s mother warns that Omri\'s brother\'s pet rat has escaped and is hidden somewhere under the wooden floors. Later that night, Omri and Patrick find the key jammed between two floor boards and accidentally push it down out of sight while trying to retrieve it. Little Bear goes under the floor and manages to return the key to Omri just before he is nearly killed by the pet rat. With the key back, Omri brings to life Tommy Atkins , a First World War British Army medic to treat Boone\'s wounds. While the still unconscious cowboy is being examined, Omri realizes it is time to return Little Bear and Boone to their respective time periods where they belong. Shortly after Omri locks Tommy Atkins back in the cupboard, Boone awakes and forgives Little Bear. The next morning, Omri and Patrick say their goodbyes to their little friends before locking them back in the cupboard. Just before saying goodbye Omri has a vision of a life sized Little Bear telling him that when he returns to his real time he will take Omri on as his nephew. The film ends with Omri at school reading a journal entry where he assures everyone that although he will never know where or how Little Bear may be he does not worry about him anymore and knows deep down that Little Bear will continue to look after his people.'] ['Witch Marnie, has just spent two years with her grandma Aggie. While hosting a mortal neighborhood Halloween party, Marnie tries to impress a cute new boy, Kal by showing him Aggie\'s magically-hidden room. Unbeknownst to Marnie, Kal is actually the son of Kalabar and takes the opportunity to steal Aggie\'s spell book. Soon Aggie notices unwelcome magical symptoms. She and Marnie travel to Halloweentown to investigate and fix the problem before the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world, open only on Halloween, closes at midnight. They discover that the whole town has been turned into a made-to-match black and white silent film, and that the inhabitants have been turned into humans . The victims include Marnie\'s goblin friend Luke. Aggie diagnoses this as the "Grey Spell." Aggie contacts grandson Dylan back home for a spell from her book, and Dylan and Sophie discover the book is missing. Marnie and Aggie learn that Kal is actually a warlock, and the son of their enemy Kalabar . Kal broke the Code of Merlin, a way of life for magical beings, by stealing Aggie\'s book to limit her ability to hinder his attempt to complete his father\'s revenge on both Halloweentown and the mortal world. Aggie believes that if he is willing to go that far, then there is nothing that they can put past him. Aggie searches for her spare copy of her spell book at her house in Halloweentown, but it is missing and she despairs. During a conversation between Aggie and Marnie, about another way to reverse the "Grey Spell," Marnie inadvertently says the spell "Trap a" which reverts Luke back to his goblin form. Unable to explain the spells\' reversal, the group soon believes that it is temporary. The trio travel to the lair of the well known junk magnet of the universe, Gort, who acquires lost items from both realms. He had been discolored by the Grey Spell and had sold the spare spell book some time ago. Unfortunately Aggie loses her color and sorts socks with Gort and everyone is trapped in his house. Marnie uses time travel to go back before the black and white happened. Unfortunately, when they get there, they learn that Gort had sold the spare spellbook to Kalabar about 50 years prior . By remembering what things Marnie had been, hastefully, saying back when Luke returned to  normal, they learn that, in her haste, she said "trap a" as "trapa", which is "Apart" spelled backwards. Despite being able to use a wizard\'s lost time-line, to speed up getting back to the present . They arrive too late and the portal shuts tight with a big, strong, metal, bulletproof door, trapping Marnie in Halloweentown. Kal, having enspelled Halloweentown into a monochrome talkie caricature of the mortal world, is now at work enspelling the mortal world into a Super Technirama 70 monster movie caricature of Halloweentown. Sophie and Dylan realize that Alex, believed to be Kal\'s father, was actually a golem intended to distract Gwen. To make their mom believe that, Sophie creates a fly. Alex, being made of frogs, eats the fly and ends up getting dispelled by a furious Gwen. Being informed of Kal\'s plot to turn humans into the creatures they "mock" on Halloween, Gwen tries to take off her mask, but it doesn\'t work. Kal has made the mask stick to her face. He then continues his spell; they are to late as chaos as endured throughout the mortal world. Dylan and Sophie hid from the monster humans . Marnie, trapped in Halloweentown, frees Aggie, but refuses to accept they are locked in. She contacts her siblings through a shrunken head, and they create a new spell that forces the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world to reopen permanently. An angry Kal confronts Marnie, who mocks him and demands for the book. Kal produces vines and takes both spell books in an attempt to prove his own superiority, which fails when Marnie takes them from his hands. Kal then is sent away by the vines, apparently according to his own desire, and the family breaks the spells. Aggie undoes all the damage then after a talk with Gwen head to head, setting things right in both the mortal world and Halloweentown.'] [' The film begins with Turaga Vakama  describing a land that existed before Mata Nui called Metru Nui. The residents of the great city believed that the warriors known as the Toa would protect them, but eventually they were all defeated, save for one named "Lhikan". Lhikan travels throughout the entire city, giving Toa stones to six Matoran: Whenua, Nuju, Matau, Onewa, Nokama, and Vakama. After giving the last stone to Vakama, Lhikan is captured by two Dark Hunters called Nidhiki  and Krekka. Vakama later meets the other Matoran at the Great Temple in Ga-Metru; there, they are transformed into six new Toa. After Vakama has a vision, they all set out to recover the six Great Disks hidden throughout Metru Nui, believing that it would prove to Turaga Dume  that they are worthy Toa. Upon retrieving the disks , the Toa bring the disks to the Coliseum. However, Dume issues that "small gifts" won\'t confirm them as Toa. He then tests them by starting a sea of rising metal in the Coliseum. When the six fail to cross it, and Dume denounces them as "imposters", he unleashes the Vahki  upon them. In the process, Onewa, Nuju, and Whenua are sucked into a massive vortex and imprisoned while Vakama and the others escape the Coliseum by leaping into a chute system. However, the Dark Hunters follow them and manage to get the flow of the chute reversed. The Toa escape, but are left dangling from a dangerous height. While swinging to a tower, Matau falls, but is saved when he discovers that his blades can grant him flight. When the Toa reach the ground, Vakama discovers that the Great Disks can be fused together. He then spots Lhikan’s "spirit star" soaring overhead; as long as it burns in the night sky, it means that Lhikan is still alive. They hitched a ride on a Vahki transport to follow the star. When they arrived in Po-Metru, they encountered the Dark Hunters once more. Just when a battle is about to ensue, a herd of beasts called Kikanalo stampeded through canyons. As the Toa were fleeing, Nokama discovered that her mask allowed her to speak and understand the language of the Kikanalo. After stopping the stampede, she spoke to the leader of the herd and learned that Lhikan was taken to the Canyon of Unending Whispers. They were then taken to a large canyon guarded by Vahki. They managed to bypass the Vahki and the Dark Hunters with the help of the Kikanalo and Matau\'s newly discovered mask power of illusion. While the previous events occurred, Onewa and Whenua were unsuccessfully trying to break out of prison. They then met a Turaga. He explained that mask powers are needed to escape, and how they could be found. He then had the Toa perform seemingly pointless tasks. Eventually, Onewa and Whenua got into a fight in which Onewa discovered that his mask power was mind-control. Nuju then discovered his mask power, Telekinesis, and created a way out. Whenua found his mask power, night-vision, and provided illumination in the tunnel with his mask. They were then reunited with the other three Toa. When they debated where Lhikan was, the Turaga removed his helmet and revealed that he was Lhikan. Vakama finds a small canister holding Dume and learned that the Dume from before was an impostor. A squadron of Vahki suddenly attacked and the group fled on a spare transport. Meanwhile, "Dume" had summoned the Matoran to the Coliseum to be placed in the spheres. By the time the Toa arrived, it was too late; all the Matoran were now asleep. The false Dume then removed his mask and revealed himself to be Makuta Teridax. He plunged the Great Spirit Mata Nui into slumber and began absorbing energy from the city. He then absorbed Nivawk, Krekka, and Nidhiki, thus killing them. Whenua located the Matoran , who were underneath the Coliseum and stored in canisters. After surveying them, they realized that only a few of the Matoran can been carried on the transport and the rest would have to wait. They gathered as many of the spheres as possible, and began their journey out. Along the way, Vakama begins carving the Mask of Time from the disk when all visions he had previously seen reappeared and he came to a revelation: Teridax wanted control of time. To save the Matoran, the Toa must "follow the light". But as they neared, Teridax, now an immense winged being, attacked. Vakama attempted to use the Mask of Time when he confronted the Makuta, but Teridax then launched an attack. Because the Mask of Time only slowed time, Vakama could not avoid it. Just then, Lhikan leaped in and took the blow. The Mask of Time was knocked off of Vakama, and Teridax flew after it. As Lhikan lay dying, he explained to Vakama the Toa\'s duty to the Matoran. He then gave Vakama his mask and died. Anguished, Vakama discovered his mask power: invisibility. Just as Teridax was about to use the Mask of Time, Vakama knocked it away, and the mask fell into the sea. Teridax, enraged, attempts to kill Vakama. After a deadly battle, Vakama managed to trick Teridax into grabbing a towering boulder which slammed him into a wall. The Toa gathered and, combining their powers, sealed Teridax in a protodermis prison. The Toa continued towards the light and arrived on the island of Mata Nui. When all the Matoran Spheres were placed on the beach of Mata Nui, the Toa discharged energy into the spheres, becoming Turaga in the process, and awakened the Matoran. One of the Matoran, Takua, led Vakama to a Matoran whose mask was shattered. Vakama gave this Matoran, Jaller, Lhikan\'s mask and its shape changed to become his. The film then ends with the other Matoran cheering while the symbol of the Three Virtues  appeared in the sky.'] ['Calvin Fuller is a nerdy young adolescent living in Reseda, California. The gangly, unsure youth is first seen at a baseball game, standing at bat for his team, the Knights, ready for yet another strike out. Suddenly an earthquake hits; as the others run for safety, the ground opens up under Calvin\'s shoes and he falls through the chasm. Eventually he lands on the head of a 6th-century black knight. Upon hearing of his miraculous appearance, the elderly King Arthur, seeing him as the savior whose appearance Merlin has predicted, dubs the boy Calvin of Reseda and invites him to dine with the court. Calvin begins his knight training to help Arthur retain his crown. When the earthquake hit, Calvin had just grabbed his knapsack, a fact that enables him to wow the Arthurians with his futuristic "magic", including an introduction to rock and roll via CD player, and a Swiss Army knife. The young wizard also shows them how to make inline rollerskates. His work wins him adulation and renown; but it also rouses the jealousy of Lord Belasco, who will use any means to take over the throne. Meanwhile, Calvin finds himself falling in love with young Princess Katey. After he helps Arthur keep the crown, he is returned to the 20th century just before the moment when he struck out, and he steps up to the plate: this time, he is ready and hits a home run. He is greeted by his teammates - including a girl who looks like Katey - and is looked on by spectator who looks like Arthur, who is whittling a piece of wood with a pocketknife - the same knife Calvin gave to King Arthur.'] ['At an Air Force base, the military discover a UFO and they send up some F-14s to investigate. The pilots are surprised to find that it is a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog: Jimmy Neutron, Carl Wheezer, and Goddard. Jimmy is attempting to launch a communications satellite made out of a toaster, hoping to communicate with an alien species he believes exists somewhere out in the universe. Unfortunately, the pulse rockets fail, and the rocket starts to fall back to Earth, unable to break through the atmosphere. Jimmy shakes up a soda can, tapes it to the satellite and throws it, propelling it into space. Jimmy manages to eject Carl before the rocket crash lands on his roof. He is reprimanded by his parents and misses the bus to school. Undeterred, Jimmy then tests his latest invention, a form of bubble transportation made from a special pickle jar gum. He catches up with the school bus, but unfortunately, the bubble pops when it hits a tree. During show and tell at school, Jimmy shows Ms. Fowl and the class a shrink ray. He attempts to shrink the head of his rival, Cindy Vortex, but the ray malfunctions and refuses to work. He is teased by everyone, including the most popular boy in school, Nick Dean. After he throws the ray away, however, he accidentally shrinks his teacher, Ms. Fowl . When walking home, Jimmy, Carl, and their friend Sheen Estevez  spot a poster for an amusement park, Retroland, opening that night. When they grow excited, but worried that they won\'t get to go, since it is a school night, Nick tells them that he\'s going and convinces them to come with him by sneaking out. At first they reject, but when Nick reminds them that there is "only one opening night" and leaves, Jimmy, Carl and Sheen make a plan to sneak out to the park if their parents refuse to take them. Jimmy uses various inventions in his lab  to create jewelry for his mother. He gives it to her hoping that she will allow him to go, but she unsurprisingly refuses since it\'s a school night. Things get worse when Jimmy\'s jet pack sets the living room on fire , and Jimmy is now grounded. Using the shrink ray, Jimmy is able to sneak out of the house  and join his friends at the park, where they have the time of their lives. Meanwhile, the communicator is picked up by an alien race called the Yolkians. King Goobot V and his assistant, Ooblar, watch a pre-recorded message from Jimmy, featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth. Goobot pauses the video on an image of Jimmy\'s parents, saying that they look delicious. He sets a course for Earth and kidnaps all the parents in the city, leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids they\'ve gone to Florida for an "extended vacation". On the way home, Carl spots a shooting star, so he, Jimmy, and Sheen wish for no more parents so they could have fun all the time. The next morning, Jimmy spots the note and reads it. The notes are the same for everyone, and with all the children realizing all the adults are gone, they now have the freedom to do anything they choose and celebrate. They do stuff that parents forbid such as flooding the school into a swimming pool, they eat dangerously massive amounts of junk food, they make a huge flood of popcorn near the school, they celebrate with fireworks, dancing, and other fun things. The next morning, Jimmy wakes up and finds school campus and the rest of town in a reckless junk yard of the things they did yesterday. However, all the kids were feeling sick or injured from doing reckless things. Jimmy is sad that his parents didn\'t even say goodbye before they left. Goddard plays Jimmy a heartfelt video recording of his parents telling "Jimmy" that they love him and they\'ll see him the next morning. Jimmy realizes that there would be no point in saying that if his parents knew they weren\'t going to be there and feels that something is wrong. He goes to his lab and compares the note the Yolkians left with notes his parents wrote. Goddard finds evidence of aliens on the computer, and Jimmy tracks them to another solar system. That night, Jimmy, Carl, and Goddard build another spaceship, which breaks down again. However after that moment, the kids in town go to Jimmy\'s backyard and confronts him, thinking he is the one who knows where their parents are. He then locates where the aliens are by Goddard\'s projection. Nick then says that Jimmy will take them to the aliens, and he\'ll take it from there. He organizes the other children in town to build spaceships from the Retroland rides to travel there and get their parents back. While in space, they encounter a meteor shower. They break free from the shower and camp on a nearby asteroid. While camping, everyone recalls what their parents did at bedtime before they were abducted by aliens. They reach the planet Yolkus, home of the Yolkian race, the next day. Eventually they are captured by Goobot, who tells them the parents are to be sacrificed to their god, Poultra. He shows the kids Jimmy\'s video, thanking him for helping him find a suitable species for their ritual. The kids, now furious with Jimmy, are taken to the dungeon. Ooblar takes Goddard to his workshop to take him apart after Goddard offends Goobot. After some kind words from Cindy, Jimmy manages to win everyone\'s forgiveness and comes up with a plan. He calls Goddard on Libby\'s cell phone and tricks Ooblar into thinking Goddard will self-destruct in a nuclear explosion. Goddard then frees the kids using a glitch in his obedience program and they make it to the sacrifice arena. After an unusual ceremony , Poultra, a colossal three-eyed reptilian chicken, hatches from her egg. Nick, who previously promised that he would battle the aliens himself, runs out of the stadium screaming loudly. Jimmy\'s quick thinking allows him to think of a new plan. He sends Sheen to the airfield to obtain an escape ship. Jimmy manages to steal the mind controller thanks to Goddard while the rest of the children keep the guards busy in a short but victorious battle. Poultra blocks their way out of the arena but Sheen knocks her dizzy when his ship hits her in the head. Everyone just escapes with the adults in tow, but Goobot follows them in his ship at the head of the Yolkus fleet, with Poultra not far behind. As the ships open fire, Jimmy skims the surface of Yolkus\'s sun. The solar flares fry the ships to a crisp and destroy all but Goobot\'s ship. The king sends a taunting message to Jimmy, who flies out of the ship with Goddard. He says "You steal my parents, you threaten my dog, you attack my friends, and you made fun of my size! I may be small, but I got a big brain!". He uses his shrink ray to make himself grow the size of a planet, which shocks Goobot. Goobot then calls his thing a mistake and lets them go free. But Jimmy blows the ship into an oncoming asteroid. Goobot vows revenge against Jimmy. The kids are reunited with their parents and Nick comments Jimmy for a great idea. Jimmy reunites with his parents, and they make it home. The movie ends with Jimmy\'s mother and father trying his latest invention, Burping Soda, much to everybody\'s glee. Judy tries to yell at Jimmy for the invention only to burp loudly and the four laugh while Goddard imitates a bird outside.'] ['In 1885 Shostka, Russia, the Mousekewitzes— a Russian-Jewish family of mice —decide to immigrate to the United States after an army of cruel cats that belong to the Cossacks  destroy their village. During the trip overseas, the family\'s young son, Fievel, gets separated from the others and washes overboard in a storm. They arrive sadly in America, believing they\'ve lost their son. Fievel, however, floats to America in a bottle and, after a pep talk from a French pigeon named Henri, embarks on a quest to find his family. He is waylaid by conman Warren T. Rat, who gains his trust and then sells him to a sweatshop. He escapes with Tony, a street-smart Italian mouse, and they join up with Bridget, an Irish mouse trying to rouse her fellow mice to stand up to cats. When a gang of some cats called the Mott Street Maulers attacks a mouse marketplace, the immigrant mice learn that the tales of a no-cat country is not true. Bridget takes Fievel and Tony to see Honest John, a drunk  politician who knows all the voting mice in New York City. But, as the Mousekewitzes have not yet registered to vote, he can\'t help Fievel find them. Meanwhile, his sister, Tanya, tells her gloomy parents she has a feeling that he is still alive, but they urged her that the feeling would soon go away. Led by the rich and powerful Gussie Mausheimer, the mice hold a rally to decide what to do about the cats. Warren T. Rat is extorting them all for protection that he never provides. No one has any idea what to do about it, until Fievel whispers a plan to Gussie. The mice take over an abandoned building on Chelsea Pier and begin constructing their plan. On the day of launch, Fievel gets lost and stumbles upon Warren T.\'s lair. He discovers that he is actually a cat in disguise and is also the leader of the Maulers. They capture Fievel, but a goofy, soft-hearted orange cat named Tiger takes a liking to him and sets him free. Fievel races back to the pier with the cats in hot pursuit when Gussie orders the mice to release the secret weapon. A huge mechanical mouse, inspired by the bedtime tales Papa told to Fievel of the "Giant Mouse of Minsk", chases the cats down the pier and into the water. A tramp steamer bound for Hong Kong picks them up and carries them away. During the battle, Fievel is once again separated from those he loves and falls into despair when a group of orphans tell him that he should have given up a long time ago. Papa Mouskewitz overhears Bridget and Tony calling out to Fievel, but is sure that there may be another "Fievel" somewhere, until he sees Mama picking up his son\'s hat. They team up for a final effort to find him and, in the end, Papa\'s violin playing leads Fievel back into the arms of his family. The journey ends with Henri taking everyone to see his newly completed project— the Statue of Liberty, and the Mouskewitzes\' new life in America begins.'] ['Oopsy, Cheer, Funshine, Share, and Grumpy are building WooHoo World, Care-a-lot\'s amusement park. Everyone has a job on the building of the park and Oopsy\'s job is painting the tracks of the Funderbolt ride. He had completed one part of the tracks but realized that he was stuck. Suddenly, he slips into the paint and ruins part of the park. Cheer, Share, Funshine and Oopsy decided to try the Funderbolt ride. After the ride, Oopsy stumbles and makes a chain reaction with plenty of disaster on the way that leaves Grumpy and the others wondering if they can fix Oopsy\'s disaster in time for the grand opening. Oopsy feels guilty for his actions and he wants to help his friends. Funshine recommends that Oopsy place the placing signs all around Care-a-Lot, this keeps Oopsy from causing any more trouble. Cheer gives Oopsy a special whistle in case he needs her help. Meanwhile, a mean bear called Grizzle, who doesn\'t understand the Care Bears and their "caring stuff", has a new plan to conquer Care-a-Lot. He creates a "ride" called the "CareTaker" that steals the Care Bears\' belly badges. But he needs three ingredients to make the CareTaker work: a smiling sun , a crying stormcloud  and a rainbow . He sends out Wingnut on a mission to Care-a-Lot to get the three ingredients. When Wingnut meets Oopsy, they became friends. Wingnut takes Oopsy to Grizzle\'s lair. Grizzle tells Oopsy that he created a new ride but in order to make it work, Oopsy must gather the sunshine, the stormcloud and the rainbow. Oopsy and Wingnut return to Care-a-Lot and later come back to Grizzle\'s lair with the sunshine and the stormcloud but Grizzle isn\'t happy with the rainbow that\'s painted on Oopsy\'s backside and says that they need a "real" rainbow. Oopsy uses the whistle to call Cheer. Grizzle then colors the CareTaker with Cheer\'s rainbow. Then, he told Cheer to try the CareTaker. Cheer rides the CareTaker and her rainbow symbol disappears. Grizzle falls out of his metallic suit, then he gets angry and gets back in his suit. Then, he locks Oopsy and Cheer into a slammer and he tells them about his plans to take all the belly badges off all the Care Bears and conquer Care-a-Lot, and then leaves. Oopsy feels bad about the situation, but Cheer cheers him and helps him figure out a solution to save the day. Suddenly, Oopsy sees one of his tools and uses it to open the bars. Then, WooHoo World is opened for business. When Oopsy and Cheer return to Care-a-Lot, they see that Grizzle stole all the Care Bears\' belly badges and has stored them a translucent ball. Grizzle announces his intentions to use belly badge magic to conquer Care-a-Lot, but when he tries, the magic doesn\'t work for him. Oopsy points out that the magic works only for the Care Bears and those who care. Grizzle then tries to use the Funderbolt ride to destroy the belly badges and manages to destroy the ball. All the Care Bears are very upset about the situation. Oopsy urges every Care Bear to hold hands with each other and remember who they are and how much they care. The magic comes back, as well the belly badges to every Care Bear excluding Oopsy, who drew his own. Wingnut decides to stay with the Care Bears and sends Grizzle to his lair. The next day, when WooHoo World is reopened, Grumpy names a newly added part of the Funderbolt: a corkscrew-shaped ride called "Oopsy Loopsy". The film ends with the Care Bears enjoying WooHoo World with WingNut and some ride the FunderBlot. The end credits show pictures of children showing their Care Bears teddy bears.'] ['Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga , and the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent . Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Tsarevich Ivan Romanov . However, Ivan\'s advisor, Ludmilla , finds Bartok annoying and naive, and she tries to make a cossack stop his performance. After Bartok\'s show, a bear suddenly attacks. Bartok saves everyone by stunning the bear, knocking it over, and trapping it in a wagon. Delighted with Bartok\'s bravery, everyone around him rewards him with gold, including Prince Ivan, who gives him a royal ring, much to the displeasure of Ludmilla, who reminds him that the ring is only for members of the Romanov family, not commoners. She asks that he take the ring back, but Ivan disagrees, saying it is time for a change. Ludmilla, seeing that she cannot dissuade him, reluctantly allows it and they leave. Ludmilla is still upset that Ivan has given a ring to a commoner, especially a street performer. Ivan retorts that that was his intention, and Ivan\'s friend Vol  agrees that Bartok was funny. Ludmilla, on the other hand, believes that Ivan needs to respect his duty to the crown, which incites Ivan, who is tired of listening to her, to say that he will do as he pleases and it is she who must respect the crown. Meanwhile, Bartok is counting the money he received when the bear wakes up and scares him. It turns out Bartok\'s amazing rescue was just another act - the bear is Zozi , Bartok\'s business partner. Zozi is apprehensive about Ivan\'s ring and agrees with Ludmilla, that the ring should be returned. Bartok stubbornly refuses to give it back since it was a gift. Back in Moscow, Ivan is kidnapped by Baba Yaga, which leads to an immediate investigation. Ludmilla finds one of Baba Yaga\'s iron teeth, and she informs the people what has transpired. When she asks for someone brave enough to rescue Prince Ivan, two children  nominate Bartok. Bartok and Zozi are on their way to St. Petersburg when Zozi spots the Cossacks coming after them. The pair become worried because they assume that Ludmilla wants Ivan\'s ring returned. Bartok tries to conceal his identity, but he is brought before the people, who explain that Ivan has been taken by Baba Yaga, and that they are relying on him to rescue their prince. Bartok reluctantly accepts, and he and Zozi head to the Iron Forest to confront Baba Yaga and save Prince Ivan. They find Baba Yaga\'s hut, but must answer a riddle given by a giant skull  to enter. When the riddle is answered, Baba Yaga successfully captures Bartok and explains that to save Ivan, Bartok must gather three items from the forest without any help from Zozi, or they\'ll "both die": Piloff, Oblie\'s Crown, and the Magic Feather. However, these tasks are very hard, for Piloff  is frozen to a boulder, Oble , a giant blacksmith surrounded by an aura of fire, must be tricked into letting his crown to be stolen, and the magic feather must be caught without flight, using only the boulder Piloff was stuck to and Oblie\'s crown. He gathers the objects demanded, but Baba Yaga still needs something from Bartok himself. He offers everything he can think of, but Baba Yaga rejects everything and bursts out laughing. Bartok, outraged, begins to yell, and he upsets Baba Yaga by accusing her of lying and cheating, and claiming that everyone hates her. After he apologizes to her, he starts crying and Baba gets the most important ingredient: tears which are from Bartok\'s heart. She makes a magic potion from the items she had Bartok collect and reveals that she never took Prince Ivan and that the potion she made was meant for Bartok himself. Baba Yaga explains that when Bartok drinks the potion, whatever he is in his heart will show ten times in his exterior. Bartok and Zozi return to town and lead Ludmilla and Vol up to the top of the tower where Ivan is imprisoned. However, when they arrive, Ludmilla locks Bartok and Vol up with Ivan and reveals she had Vol kidnap the prince  while she framed Baba Yaga as part of her scheme to take the Russian throne. She steals Bartok\'s magic potion and leaves Bartok, Ivan, and Vol trapped in a well tower filling up with water. She drinks it, believing her beauty will become tenfold, singing "The Real Ludmilla Comes Out" as she descends the tower. Unbeknownst to her, the potion causes her to steadily transform into an enormous dragon. Upon this discovery, the incensed woman goes on a rampage through Moscow, setting many buildings alight with her fire breath. Zozi then comes to the rescue, saving Bartok, Vol, and the Prince. Bartok battles Ludmilla and tricks her into climbing the tower. When it gets to the top, the tower starts to become unstable and causes the top of the tower to fall, flooding the streets and dousing the flames. As the townspeople gather around Ludmilla\'s dead body, Zozi reveals that Bartok is a true hero not only because he stopped Ludmilla but because he showed Baba Yaga compassion. Bartok returns Ivan\'s ring and Baba Yaga appears, writing "Bartok, The Magnificent" in the sky. Bartok gives Baba Yaga a goodbye hug as she and Pillof depart.'] ['Presented as a flashback, The Last Mimzy is the story of a distant future\'s attempt to avert a catastrophic ecological disaster that has destroyed their world. High tech devices, masquerading as toys, are sent back in time into the hands of Noah and Emma, two children who live with their parents Jo  and David  in early 21st century Seattle. The "toys" are mostly incomprehensible to Emma  and Noah ([[Chris O\'Neil , except for what appears to be a stuffed rabbit named Mimzy. Sensing the strangeness of the devices, the children initially keep their discovery a secret from their parents. Interaction with the devices causes the children to develop increased intelligence and psychic capabilities, including telepathy, levitation, telekinesis, realize the mandala, teleportation, and the ability to communicate with arthropods . Emma becomes emotionally attached to Mimzy, from which she learns how to further operate the devices. Because of her bond with Mimzy, Emma develops more of the unique abilities than her brother, being the only one of the siblings to display an abnormal increase in intelligence/brain activity telekinesis, levitation, precognition, and telepathy . Emma is also the only one who can use the Spinners, strange spinning, floating rocks that produce a force field. Noah\'s abilities are increased intelligence, communication with arthropods, and telepathy . At one point, Noah seems somewhat envious of his sister\'s prowess, but she reveals to him that even though she is the Chosen One, he is her Engineer and she cannot "build the bridge to the future" without him. The children\'s unusual abilities and Emma\'s obsessive attachment to Mimzy soon alert their parents and schoolteachers to the devices; later, a power black-out of half of the state of Washington caused by the toys alerts the FBI to their activities as well. The family is held for questioning by Special Agent Nathaniel Broadman , and it is revealed that Mimzy is actually an advanced form of artificial life utilizing nanotechnology created by Intel. Mimzy has brought a message from humanity\'s future, which Emma explains to mean that pollution has corrupted humanity\'s DNA. Many rabbits like Mimzy were sent to the past, but none had successfully returned; Mimzy is the last one remaining. The reason for the other Mimzys\' deaths is revealed to be because the Chosen Ones before Emma had no Engineers  to help build the bridge across time and they were too afraid to attempt it. Mimzy explains to the children that they must use the toys as a time machine to return her to the future with uncorrupted 21st century DNA, which the people of the future can use to correct the damage to their DNA caused by the ecological problems. Despite attempts by an unbelieving FBI to hinder them, Noah and Emma use their psychic powers to escape with Mimzy and the other objects and are able to activate the time portal by which Mimzy can return to the future. Fortunately, Mimzy carries with her a tear of Emma\'s, thus providing the pure DNA required to prevent the disaster. Emma is almost sucked into the future with Mimzy, but Noah grabs Emma\'s foot and pulls out just as Mimzy is sent to her own time. In the new future, Emma is revered as the "mother" of all the present generations, and the children and teacher who narrated the movie exhibit the same psychic gifts that Emma had developed. The world has become a more beautiful place, where it is presumed that humanity has integrated better into the constructed ecosystems. The story ends with Emma\'s teacher  calling on Emma in class, asking what she did over the break. Emma smiles.'] ["After the decline in Atlantean culture following the sinking, Kida , now Queen, and married to Milo Thatch, is using the heart of Atlantis to restore her city's former glory. Suddenly, Milo's comrades and Mr. Whitmore arrive in Atlantis; while their arrival is unexpected, the Atlanteans welcome their old friends. Unfortunately, they have come to inform them of mysterious forces causing trouble on the surface. They arrive in Norway and discover it is actually a creature known as the Kraken, which had been attacking shipping freighters and taking their cargo to a cliffside village. At first they presume it to be an ancient Atlantean defense mechanism gone rogue , but they discover that the town magistrate, Edgar Volgud, seems to be controlling the Kraken. They soon learn, though, that the Kraken itself is the master, having made a deal with Volgud. When they blow up the Kraken, the man disintegrates and restores the spirit of the village. All the while, Kida is learning about the outside world and is adapting well. However, she still feels guilty, as there could still be other Atlantean war machines in the world causing problems, like the Leviathan. Their next mystery is in the Southwestern United States, involving coyote spirits opposing them. They later find a hidden city in Arizona contains a statue that greatly resembles Atlantean architecture. Unfortunately, a very sly shop owner, Ashton Carnaby, intends to pillage the place for its valuables, but the spirits then turn him into one of them. A Native American man, who was a medium to the spirits, trusts them with the knowledge of their sanctuary and informs Kida that she can choose Atlantis' destiny. Returning home, the adventurers discover that one of Whitmore's old competitors, Erik Hellstrom, believing himself to be the Norse god Odin, stole one of his possessions, an ancient spear called the Gungnir, presumably an artifact of Atlantean origin. When they track him down in the frigid Nordic Mountains, he presumes Kida to be his long lost daughter and kidnaps her. His intentions are to end the world in Ragnarok. He creates a lava beast and then an ice beast to destroy the world, but well-placed explosives used by Vinnie distract the monsters long enough for Kida to retrieve the spear and vanquish the beasts. During these escapades, Kida comes into a greater understanding of just how powerful the Atlantean Crystal is, and that she must choose between hiding it and sharing it with the rest of mankind. Having retrieved the spear, Kida realizes her father was wrong to hide the Crystal from mankind. She combines the Spear with the Heart Crystal and lifts Atlantis to the surface. Two fishermen are shocked when they suddenly see an entire continent rise before them. In the end, we see Atlantis above the water for the first time in over nine-thousand years. Mr. Whitmore narrates that from then on, the world was a better place."] ['Yokai Monsters: Spook Warfare is set in the Middle Ages. After hibernating for thousands of years, a Babylonian monster called Daimon is awoken from the ancient ruins in which he is sleeping by Arab grave robbers. Daimon then flies to Japan. On the Japanese coast a magistrate, his daughter and a servant are fishing. A sudden storm forces them to head home, but the magistrate decides to \'patrol the area\' first. Daimon lands and kills him, sucks his blood and takes on his form. The disguised monster returns to the magistrate\'s home, where the daughter\'s dog takes a dislike to him. Daimon kills the dog and then trashes several household altars and shrines, and demands that the broken remains be burnt. The daughter and servants cannot understand his changed manner. His steward confronts him, but the disguised Daimon takes over his body too. A kappa  in the courtyard pond is awoken by the commotion, and comes out of the pond to investigate. Realizing the magistrate is Daimon in disguise, he tries to expel Daimon from the house, but is defeated. So the kappa runs off to beg the help of the apparitions  who live in the surrounding countryside. They can find no reference to the monster he describes in their monster handbook, so they don\'t believe the kappa\'s story. Meanwhile the steward contacts his uncle, a Buddhist priest, who tells him the magistrate is a monster in disguise, and explains to him how he can expel the monster with magic. The steward tries the magic, but Daimon discovers him, and they fight. The steward spears one of the monster\'s eyes. A new magistrate comes to replace the old one , but Daimon kills him and takes over his body. Because the monster has lost an eye, when he inhabits the new magistrate\'s body, that body is also missing an eye. Safe in the new Magistrate\'s body, the monster has the steward arrested and orders his execution. Daimon soon desires the blood of children to maintain his immortality, so he has the magistrate\'s servants hunt down the local farmers\' children. Two young boys escape the hunters and beg the kappa and other apparitions to help them. The apparitions and kappa try to combat Daimon, but are too weak, so they call on all Japanese apparitions. In the final fight Daimon clones himself, and the apparitions expend most of their strength attacking the clones, and not the original monster. But they soon realise they can defeat him by blinding his one remaining eye, so they target his eyes. Daimon is then defeated and flees Japan. The humans and the apparitions rejoice that "he will probably never return", and the Japanese apparitions all go home.'] [' Mr. and Mrs. Cherrywood are a middle-aged couple who run an orphanage. Mr. Cherrywood tells the orphans a story about the Care Bears and Care-a-lot, their home in the clouds. In the story, Care Bears Friend Bear and Secret Bear travel looking for people to cheer up. They meet Kim and Jason, two lonely orphaned children. Friend and Secret introduce themselves and remind the children of their ambitions; neither of them takes interest. At an amusement park, another Care Bear, Tenderheart, spots a magician\'s apprentice named Nicholas. While unloading a trunk of goods for his master, the "Great Fettucini", Nicholas finds an old book with a diary-style lock. When he unlocks the book, an evil spirit appears as a woman\'s face, and starts corrupting him. With Nicholas\' help, the spirit lays waste to the amusement park, and begins a quest to remove all caring from the world. Back at Care-a-lot, some of the other bears are working on their new invention: the Rainbow Rescue Beam, a portal that can send any Bear to Earth and back. The two youngest bears, Baby Hugs and Baby Tugs, interfere with the machine and bring forth a group of unexpected visitors—Friend Bear, Secret Bear, Kim, and Jason. The Bears introduce themselves to the children, and give them a tour of their home. Tenderheart returns before a "Cloud Quake", caused by the spirit, ruins Care-a-lot; he informs the others of Nicholas\' troubles on Earth. Using the Rescue Beam, he sends Kim and Jason to the park, along with Friend Bear and Secret Bear; the four of them end up in the Forest of Feelings when the portal malfunctions. From a nearby river, the rest of the Care Bears begin searching for the group aboard a cloud ship. Within the Forest, the children and their friends are introduced to Brave Heart Lion and Playful Heart Monkey, two of the Care Bear Cousins. Later on, the other Bears discover more of these creatures, among them Cozy Heart Penguin, Lotsa Heart Elephant, Swift Heart Rabbit, and Bright Heart Raccoon. During their stay, the spirit attacks them in several guises—as a spearfish, a tree, and an eagle. After the Care Bears and their Cousins defeat the spirit, the friends venture back to Earth to save Nicholas from its influence. At the park, Nicholas obtains the ingredients for his spell against the children and the creatures. After he casts it, the Care Bears and company engage in a long battle. The bears shoot beams of bright light on him, forming their "Stare"; the Cousins help with their "Call". As the creatures\' power drains away, Nicholas and the spirit briefly regain control. After Kim and Jason assist him, the apprentice finally realises his misdeeds; with Secret Bear\'s help, he closes the spirit\'s face back into the book and saves himself, the park, and the world. Nicholas thanks the group and reunites with Fettucini, while Tenderheart Bear inducts the Care Bear Cousins into the Care Bear Family, and Kim and Jason find new parents at one of Nicholas\' shows. As Mr. Cherrywood finishes his story, his wife reveals his first name: Nicholas. Tenderheart Bear, who has been listening from outside a window, returns to Care-a-lot in his Cloud Mobile. The film ends with every member of the Care Bear Family waving good-bye.'] ["Volka, a 12-year old Soviet Young Pioneer, discovers an ancient vessel at the bottom of a river. When he opens it, a genie emerges. He calls himself Hassan Abdul-rahman ibn Khattab, but Volka renames him Khottabych. The grateful Khottabych is ready to fulfill any of Volka's wishes, but it becomes clear that Volka should use the powers of the genie carefully, for they can have some unforeseen undesirable results."] ['{{further2}} Preparing for a visit from a potential client of Uncle Vernon Dursley\'s, the Dursleys send Harry to his room. Harry finds Dobby the house elf, who warns against returning to Hogwarts. When Harry refuses, Dobby causes havoc in the house and frames Harry for ruining Vernon\'s meeting. Vernon locks Harry in his room to prevent his return to Hogwarts. That night, Ron, Fred, and George Weasley arrive in their flying car to rescue Harry from the clutches of Uncle Vernon, who discovers the rescue and tries to pull Harry back into his room. The Weasleys succeed and take Harry to The Burrow, their home. Harry meets Ron\'s younger sister, Ginny, who is about to begin at Hogwarts and has a crush on Harry. Harry also meets Ron\'s father, Arthur Weasley; he had met Mrs. Weasley the previous year. Harry and the Weasleys travel to Diagon Alley by Floo Powder. While shopping, Harry meets Gilderoy Lockhart, a famous wizard and author, and later Draco Malfoy and his father, Lucius, who praise Voldemort and deride Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys. At King\'s Cross Station, though the rest of the Weasleys reach Platform 9 3/4 without trouble, Harry and Ron find the magical barrier blocked; as a result, they miss the Hogwarts Express. Harry and Ron take the flying car and reach Hogwarts, but accidentally land in the school\'s violent tree, the Whomping Willow. Ron\'s wand is broken and the car behaves erratically, ejecting the boys and driving itself into the Forbidden Forest. When Harry and Ron enter Hogwarts they are seen by Snape, who scolds them for flying the car to Hogwarts and nearly expels them. Professor McGonagall and Professor Dumbledore arrive and McGonagall defends the boys and tells them they will receive detention only. Shortly after the start of term, Harry begins hearing an ominous, icy, cold voice coming from inside the walls, starting in his detention with Lockhart. Harry, Ron and Hermione find the message "The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. Enemies of the heir, beware" written in blood across a wall and discover that caretaker Argus Filch\'s cat has been petrified, who blames it on Harry and attempts to attack him but is stopped by Dumbledore and McGonagall. Legend has it that the Chamber of Secrets can only be opened by the Heir of Slytherin; it is said to be the home of a creature that will only obey the Heir. Harry suspects the Heir is Malfoy. Gilderoy Lockhart, hired to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, offers a dueling club. At the meeting Draco conjures a snake that Harry discovers he can talk to. Hermione explains that he is a Parselmouth like Salazar Slytherin, a connection that causes the school to believe Harry is his Heir. The three brew Polyjuice Potion to disguise themselves as Malfoy\'s friends Crabbe and Goyle, and interrogate Malfoy, but learn that he is not the Heir. In a bathroom Harry finds a book with nothing written in it that belonged to someone named Tom Marvolo Riddle. Through the enchanted book Harry sees events that happened fifty years ago when Tom was a student. Tom\'s memories incriminate Hagrid as the Heir. Over the course of the school year, Colin Creevey, Justin Finch-Fletchley, the Gryffindor ghost Sir Nicholas and even Hermione are all found petrified, and Tom Riddle\'s diary goes missing. Harry and Ron decide to ask Hagrid, but before Hagrid can answer the real identity of who opened the Chamber, Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge and Lucius Malfoy arrive. While Ron and Harry hide, the visitors tell Hagrid they are suspending Dumbledore as headmaster and arresting Hagrid under suspicion of having opened the Chamber. Before Hagrid is taken away to Azkaban prison, he tells Ron and Harry to follow the spiders into the Forbidden Forest for the truth. They do so and meet Aragog, a giant spider thought to have killed a student fifty years ago. Aragog reveals that he is not the monster who killed the student and that Hagrid is innocent. Aragog\'s sons and daughters attack Harry and Ron, but the flying car rescues them. Harry and Ron learn from a piece of paper in Hermione\'s hand that the monster is a basilisk and overhear the teachers saying that Ginny has been taken into the Chamber. Lockhart is sent to find the Chamber and save Ginny, but tries to escape until Harry and Ron catch him. It turns out Lockhart\'s past is false; he used memory-erasing charms on witches and wizards to take credit for their accomplishments. The three find the chamber entrance in Moaning Myrtle\'s  bathroom and enter to find a giant snake skin. After he faints, Lockhart tries to stop Harry and Ron by using a memory charm, but it backfires. Lockhart loses his memory and part of the Chamber caves in, separating Harry from the others. Harry finds Ginny and Tom Riddle appears, explaining that he is a memory preserved in the diary. Riddle tells Harry that Ginny Weasley opened the Chamber that sent the basilisk to attack, and wrote threatening messages on the wall because he ordered her to. Harry learns that Riddle is Slytherin\'s Heir and is Lord Voldemort in his teenage form. Riddle sends the basilisk to kill Harry but Dumbledore\'s phoenix, Fawkes, attacks the basilisk\'s eyes. Fawkes gives Harry the Sorting Hat, from which he draws the sword of Godric Gryffindor. Although Harry kills the basilisk by driving the blade up through its head, a fang embeds itself in his arm and poisons him. Harry destroys Voldemort/Riddle by piercing the diary with the fang. Ginny regains consciousness and finds Harry dying, but Fawkes heals Harry\'s wound with his tears. Dumbledore resumes his post as Headmaster and sends in the paperwork to have Hagrid released from Azkaban. Dumbledore assuages Harry\'s concerns of his worthiness to belong to Gryffindor House by pointing out that only a true member could have summoned Godric\'s sword. Learning that Lucius gave the diary to Ginny and that Dobby serves the Malfoys, Harry tricks Lucius into freeing him from servitude. At the year-end feast, all of the basilisk\'s victims are back to full health, and Hagrid receives a standing ovation as he returns to Hogwarts. In a post-credits scene, a new Gilderoy Lockhart book is on display at Flourish & Blotts, entitled "WHO AM I?" and depicting an amnesiac, confused Lockhart in a straitjacket.'] ["{{further2}} Now 13-years-old, Harry Potter has been spending the summer at Privet Drive, absorbing most of his time studying new spells. When Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge, comes for a visit and infuriates Harry by insulting his parents, he accidentally causes her to inflate and fly away. Harry loses his temper and threatens to curse Vernon but flees, fed up with his life at Privet Drive. The Knight Bus appears and delivers Harry to the Leaky Cauldron, where Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge tells him he will not be arrested for the use of magic on his aunt. After reuniting with Ron, and Hermione, Harry learns that Sirius Black, a convicted supporter of Lord Voldemort, has escaped Azkaban prison and is likely intending to kill Harry. Harry, Ron and Hermione head back to school on the Hogwarts Express. They unknowingly share a compartment with the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Remus Lupin, who is sleeping. When the train abruptly stops, Dementors board, searching for Black because Harry mentioned his name. One of the Dementors enters their compartment, prompting Harry to pass out whilst under the impression of a woman screaming. At this time, Lupin awakes and repels the Dementor with a Patronus Charm. At Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore informs students that the Dementors will be guarding the school while Black is at large. Professor Lupin is introduced, and Hagrid is announced as the new Care of Magical Creatures teacher. Lupin's lessons prove enjoyable; he focuses on practice, not just theory, and encourages less confident students such as Neville when he faces a boggart in the form of his worst fear, Professor Snape. However, Hagrid's first class goes awry when Draco Malfoy deliberately provokes the Hippogriff, Buckbeak, who then attacks him. Draco's father Lucius Malfoy has Buckbeak sentenced to death on court. That evening the trio find a crowd at the door to their dormitory, and The Fat Lady missing from her portrait. She is located in a different picture, and she tells Dumbledore that Black has entered the castle. Filch, Lupin and Snape secure and search the castle, but they find no one. As the Gryffindor Dormitory has been compromised, the students sleep in the main hall which allows Harry to overhear an argument between Snape and Dumbledore about Lupin's suspected role. During a stormy Quidditch match, several Dementors approach and overpower Harry, causing him to fall off his broomstick, which is then destroyed by the Whomping Willow. Lupin secretly teaches Harry to defend himself against Dementors using the Patronus charm. As Harry lacks parental permission to visit Hogsmeade, Fred and George  give him their Marauder's Map, a magical document showing every person's location within Hogwarts, as well as secret passageways in and out of the school castle. At Hogsmeade, Harry notices Fudge and Madam Rosmerta, discussing Black. He follows them after he hears mentioning his name, and overhears that Black is his godfather and was his parents' best friend. Black was accused of divulging the Potters' secret whereabouts to Voldemort and murdering their mutual friend Peter Pettigrew by blowing him up. Out of anger, Harry vows to avenge his parents, and kill Black. Late at night, Harry is reading the Marauder's map, when he notices Peter Pettigrew's name on it. He exits the dormitory and follows him. He follows Pettigrew, on the map, but is unable to see him anywhere. He instead sees Snape on the map, but fails to avoid him. Snape initially confiscates the map, but hands it over to Lupin who arrives to take Harry to his classroom, keeping the map and admonishing Harry for wandering the castle while Black is at large. Before leaving, Harry mentions to Lupin seeing Pettigrew on the map, leaving Lupin astonished. After a class of Divination, Professor Trelawney enters a trance and predicts that the Dark Lord's servant will return that night. Later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione visit Hagrid to console him over Buckbeak's impending execution. While there, they discover Scabbers, Ron's missing rat. Fudge, Dumbledore, and an executioner arrive at Hagrid's to carry out Buckbeak's execution, and the three students hurry away to avoid being discovered. Scabbers suddenly bites Ron, escaping, and as the trio chase him a large dog appears and drags both Ron and Scabbers into a hole at the Whomping Willow's base. Harry and Hermione are attacked by the tree but also manage to enter the underground passage to the Shrieking Shack. There they discover that the dog is actually Sirius Black, who is an Animagus. Harry attacks Black, but Lupin arrives and disarms Harry. After exchanging a few cryptic words with Black, Lupin then embraces him as an old friend. When confronted by Hermione, Lupin admits to being a werewolf, and he and Black begin to explain that Black is innocent. Professor Snape bursts in, intending to hand over Black to the Dementors, but Harry, having doubts, knocks him out with a spell. Lupin and Black explain that Scabbers is actually Peter Pettigrew, an Animagus who committed the crime for which Black was convicted. Lupin and Black force Pettigrew back into his human form preparing to killing him, but Harry intervenes saying that his father would not have wanted his two best friends to become killers. Pettigrew is instead to be turned over to the Dementors. As the group heads to the castle, the full moon rises; Lupin transforms into a werewolf, and Pettigrew manages to escape in the confusion. Lupin and Black fight in their animal forms, until Lupin is distracted by another animal's howls. Dementors attack Black and Harry. As Dementors are preparing to suck out their souls and perform the Dementor's Kiss, Harry sees a distant figure cast a powerful stag-shaped Patronus that scatters the Dementors, and sends them away. Harry believes the mysterious figure is his dead father. Harry passes out from the trauma, and awakens to find he is in Hogwarts and Sirius has been captured. Acting on advice from Dumbledore, Hermione reveals that she possesses a time-turner that she has used all year to take multiple classes simultaneously. She and Harry travel back in time three hours, watching themselves repeat that night's events. They free Buckbeak, and return to the Whomping Willow. As the Dementors overpower Black and his earlier self, Harry realises that he himself was the one to cast the Patronus, and rushes to do so. Harry and Hermione then rescue Black, who escapes on Buckbeak, commenting that they are both now fugitives. Lupin resigns the next day, knowing that parents will object to a werewolf teaching their children. Shortly after, Black anonymously sends Harry a Firebolt, the fastest racing broom ever made."] ["In Paris, France, in 1910, a mother cat named Duchess and her three kittens, Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse, live in the mansion of retired opera singer Madame Adelaide Bonfamille, along with her English butler Edgar. She early on settles her will with her lawyer Georges Hautecourt, an aged, eccentric old friend of hers, stating that she wishes for her fortune to be left to her cats, who will retain it until their deaths, upon which her fortune will revert to Edgar. Edgar hears this from his own room through speaking tube and is unwilling to wait for the cats to die naturally before he inherits Madame Adelaide's fortune, and plots to remove the cats from a position of inheritance. He sedates the cats by putting sleeping pills into the cats' food and then heads out into the countryside to release them in the wild. However he is attacked by two hound dogs, named Napoleon and Lafayette. Edgar escapes, leaving behind his umbrella, hat, the cats' bed-basket, and the sidecar of his motorcycle. The cats are unharmed, but stranded in the countryside, while Madame Adelaide, Roquefort the mouse, and Frou-Frou the horse discover their absence. In the morning, Duchess meets an alley cat named Thomas O'Malley, who offers to guide her and the kittens to Paris. Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse have a struggle returning to the city, briefly hitchhiking on the back of a milk cart before being chased off by the driver. Marie subsequently falls into a river and is saved by O'Malley. They then meet a pair of English geese, Amelia and Abigail Gabble, who are on a tour of France. The group head off, marching like geese, until they reach Paris and come across the girls' drunken Uncle Waldo. Abigail and Amelia then depart to take Waldo home. Travelling across the rooftops of the city, the cats meet Scat Cat and his band, close friends to O'Malley, who perform the song Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat. After the band has departed and the kittens lie in bed, O'Malley and Duchess spend the evening on a nearby rooftop and talk, while the kittens listen at a windowsill. The subject of their conversation is the question of whether Duchess may stay and marry Thomas. Eventually, she turns him down, largely out of loyalty to Madame Adelaide. Edgar, meanwhile, retrieves his sidecar, umbrella, and hat from Napoleon and Layafette with some difficulty, knowing that it's the only evidence that could incriminate him. The cats make it back to the mansion, whereupon O'Malley departs sadly. Edgar sees Duchess and Kittens coming and captures them, places them in a sack and briefly hides them in an oven. The cats tell Roquefort to pursue O'Malley and get help. He does so, whereupon O'Malley races back to the mansion, ordering Roquefort to find Scat Cat and his gang. Edgar places the cats in a trunk which he plans to send to Timbuktu, Africa. O'Malley, Scat Cat and his gang, and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar, while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens. In the end, Edgar is tipped into the trunk, locked inside, and sent to Timbuktu himself. Madame Adelaide's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include O'Malley . She starts a charity foundation providing a home for all of Paris' stray cats. The grand opening thereof, to which most of the major characters come, features Scat Cat's band, who perform a reprise of Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat."] ['Prince Charming now performs inside a stage in a bar, vowing that he\'ll become King of Far, Far Away. Meanwhile, King Harold is dying and his ogre son-in-law Shrek and daughter Princess Fiona are next in line to be King and Queen of Far Far Away. Shrek, who is having considerable difficulty serving as Regent during the King\'s medical leave, insists that an ogre as king is a bad idea and that there has to be someone else for the job. Before dying, Harold tells Shrek that there is another heir: his nephew, Arthur Pendragon. Meanwhile, Prince Charming has gone to the Poison Apple tavern where he encounters a variety of fairy tale villains consisting of Captain Hook, the Evil Queen, Rumpelstiltskin, a Cyclops, the Headless Horseman, the Puppet Master, assorted outlaws, black knights, pirates, malevolent trees, evil Dwarves, and wicked witches. Although they initially despise Prince Charming, he persuades them to fight for their "happily ever after" after reviewing how they were robbed of theirs like he was robbed of his. Meanwhile Shrek, Donkey and Puss in Boots set out to retrieve Arthur, as they\'re sailing away, Fiona announces to Shrek that she is pregnant. Shrek says that he is going to like it until he begins thinking of what being a father would bring to him. The trio journey to Worcestershire Academy, an elite boarding school, where they discover that Arthur  is a scrawny 16-year old underachiever picked on by everyone. At the school pep rally, Shrek tells Artie he\'s going to be king of Far Far Away. Artie is excited until Donkey and Puss inadvertently scare him by talking about the responsibilities of being king while they\'re sailing home. Panicked, Artie tries to take control of the ship and crashes it on an island where they meet Artie\'s retired wizard teacher, Merlin. Charming and the other villains invade the kingdom and attack the castle, but Wolfie, Pinocchio, Gingie, the Three Little Pigs, and the Blind Mice stall them enough long enough for Fiona and her mother Queen Lilian to try escaping along with Snow White, Rapunzel, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and Doris the Ugly Stepsister. However the ladies are captured when Rapunzel betrays them because she is in love with Charming. Captain Hook and his pirates track Shrek and company to Merlin\'s island, where they attempt to capture Shrek and kill the others. Shrek and Artie send the villains running, but not before Hook mentions Charming and the takeover of Far Far Away. Concerned for his wife and future children, Shrek urges Artie to return to the safety of Worcestershire. However, Artie cons Merlin into coming out of retirement long enough to use his magic to send them all to Far Far Away; the spell works, but accidentally causes Puss and Donkey to switch bodies. They find Charming bent on revenge against Shrek for "stealing" his "happily ever after," and learn that he plans to kill Shrek in a play that night. Charming\'s men arrive shortly, but Artie tricks the knights into not taking them into custody. They break into the castle during rehearsals for the play. In Charming\'s dressing room, Shrek bursts in but Charming summons his men, who take the four captive. Charming prepares to kill Artie, believing he\'s the next king. To save Artie\'s life, Shrek tells Charming that Artie was just a pawn to take his place as King of Far Far Away. Charming believes Shrek and decides not to kill Artie, who runs away. Donkey and Puss are imprisoned with Fiona and the princesses, where Fiona grows frustrated with their lack of initiative. Queen Lilian smashes the stone wall of the prison by head butting the walls. While the princesses launch a rescue mission for Shrek, Donkey and Puss free Gingy, Pinocchio, the wolf and pigs, Dragon, and Donkey\'s children. They encounter Artie, and Puss and Donkey explain to him that Shrek lied so Charming wouldn\'t kill him. Charming stages a musical in which he rescues Rapunzel. The chained Shrek wins the audience by ridiculing Charming. Just as Charming is about to kill Shrek, Princess Fiona along with Puss, Donkey, the princesses and the fairy tale characters confront the villains. However, the villains regain control. Artie eventually arrives and convinces the villains to give up their evil ways. Charming, furious at being thwarted, lunges for Artie with his sword. Shrek blocks the blow and Charming lunges at him. Shrek, who at first seems fatally injured, informs Charming that he missed and that the Prince needs to keep looking for his own happily ever after. As Shrek pushes Charming aside, Dragon knocks over Rapunzel\'s tower, and crushes Charming to death. Shrek tells Artie the throne is his if he wants it. Artie chooses to become king. While the kingdom celebrates, Merlin restores Puss and Donkey to their proper bodies, accidentally switching their tails . Shrek retires with Fiona to their swamp, becoming the parents of ogre triplets.'] ['Cody ([[Trevor Morgan , his sister Abby , their best friend Marcella , and their baby brother Fig are dropped off by their parents for a visit at their grandparents\' farm. Cody gets hit in his face by a basketball by accident while Abby and Marcella laugh and rub a Barney doll in his face. Cody loses his patience and starts a game of "keep-away" by taking the Barney doll and runs off with it. The two girls go after Cody. He then hides the Barney doll in the shower in the bathroom and the girls catch up with him. Cody tells them to use their imagination and laughs when he thinks that it is not working. However, the doll comes to life and turns into Barney the purple dinosaur. Cody refuses to believe in Barney at first, claiming that imagination is just for kids and that "real dinosaurs don\'t talk and real dinosaurs don\'t laugh." That night, Cody wishes for a real adventure for that summer, and to do something no one has done before. A shooting star deposits a large colorful egg in the barn which is discovered by Cody in the morning. Barney and the kids go to tell the grandparents about this, but Barney is distracted by Fig\'s crying. Grandma suggests to Abby and Marcella that they go see Mrs. Goldfinch. Cody finds Barney who has just changed Fig\'s wet diaper and takes him to see his grandparents. However, Abby and Marcella take Cody and Barney to see Mrs. Goldfinch, who tells them that the egg is a dream maker. Cody knocks the egg off the table which lands on a birdseed truck. The adventure begins when Barney and the others try to recover it through a parade. Barney\'s friend B.J. catches it when it almost lands on the ground and breaks. Barney and the gang chase the egg throughout a French restaurant, a circus, and fly through the sky on an airplane to continue their pursuit of the egg which is in a hot air balloon. All the while, Baby Bop is looking for her yellow "blankie." B.J. and Baby Bop arrive just in time to see the egg hatch. After they return the egg to the barn, it finally hatches into a koala-like being named Twinken who shows everyone Abby\'s dream and then Barney\'s. Cody apologizes to Barney for being mean and admits that he thinks he\'s cool. Barney accepts his apology and tells Cody that he thinks he\'s cool too and the two share a hug. Twinken shows everyone a magical fireworks display which lands in Barney\'s arms. Barney begins to sing "I Love You", and everyone else sings with him. Baby Bop gets sleepy, which prompts B.J. to decide that they are ready to go home. The film ends with Barney turning back into a doll with Twinken sitting right next to him.'] ['The movie opens with Katherine Lewis, sharing her memories of going to see her dentist, Dr. Green, who took over Dr. Lewis\'s office after he died. Her father was a dentist as was her grandfather and great-grandfather, who performed dental work on Abraham Lincoln and she aspired to become one too. She would always have perfect teeth. Years later, Katherine grows up to be a dentist herself and runs the office that her dad and Dr. Green used to be in charge of. She is very happy with her career, but equally unhappy with her social life. She is afraid of loving anyone in case she loses them as she lost her father. Dr. Green is dead and her best friend, Mindy, is married and happy. She stays a bachelorette, and has turned down every man who pursued her. One day, Katherine is walking to the bank to deposit a few checks during a rift in her schedule and she sees Mindy across the street. She is accidentally knocked onto the road by a bike messenger. She is unable to move out of the way in time and dies instantly from her injuries after getting hit by an oncoming car. She awakens and finds herself in an area called Limbo, a place referred to being between Heaven and Hell. The receptionist reveals to her that she has died and that she must find her case worker for further instruction. A strict supervisor named Rogers comes along and reveals that when someone dies, if he or she had not performed good deeds on Earth, then they must perform community service as a mythological being in order to go to Heaven by heading up the Stairway to Heaven. If they fail, they go to Hell through the Hellevator. After looking through the book of former dentists\' choices of community service options, she decides on "Bicuspid retrieval," which she does not realize is the Tooth Fairy until she signs her contract. She is then trained by a worker named Raul on how to perform her service. When asked about the previous one, Rogers stated that she was "fired." Rogers shows Katherine to her office, which contains a non-working telephone, a television that shows her children who lose their teeth, and a vintage typewriter that automatically dictates the names and locations of said children. On her first night on the job, Katherine visits a boy named Bobby Jameson. As it turns out, children who have at least one baby tooth can see her, while those who have lost all of theirs can\'t, as the loss of baby teeth represents the loss of innocence required to see paranormal beings. He seems to be very angry and is rude to her; she changes his tooth into a silver coin with her wand and leaves, while he is somewhat convinced that he is dreaming. The next day when he is at school, a bully named Jeff punches him and knocks another one of his teeth out. Katherine comes to visit him again that night and discovers that his mother has died of cancer and his father is always busy at work. She decides to help him and the other children at his school with their problems, which lands her in trouble with the higher-ups in Limbo, as revealing herself to living humans is a grievous infraction; when she is found out, she stands before the Council of Judges  who tell her that her access to Heaven has been denied due to an overflowing tooth bank, 47% retrieval and an all time high approval rating, but she is let off with a warning. She feels that the children\'s needs are greater than hers and asks for Raul\'s help in making her visible to the parents and the school principal so that she can prove that she is real and that Bobby is not insane. Katherine succeeds in becoming visible to the adults and is found out yet again by Rogers, who comes with Raul to drag her back to Limbo. Once there, Rogers has her sent to the Hellavator. She begins her descent down it in a boiling rain, but suddenly finds herself back on Earth. She learns from Raul that not only was she dreaming, but has been given a second chance at life too. She figures that her father used his connections in Limbo to get her a second chance as she learned her lesson. She then notices Rogers as a traffic cop who mouths to her that she will be watching her. Katherine returns to her job with a newfound love of life. She finds Bobby, a new patient, waiting for his appointment with her; she explains what happened and goes on to live her life fully. After she removes his last baby tooth, though, all of his memories of her as the Tooth Fairy are lost, and she\'s saddened that he no longer knows her. His father recognizes her from when she turned visible, and she asks them to go to a baseball game with her and they accept, implying a future relationship with Mr. Jameson.'] [" Woody is a pull-string cowboy doll and leader of a group of toys that belong to a boy named Andy Davis, which act lifeless when humans are present. With his family moving homes one week before his birthday, the toys stage a reconnaissance mission to discover Andy's new presents. Andy receives a space ranger Buzz Lightyear action figure, whose impressive features see him replacing Woody as Andy's favorite toy. Woody is resentful, especially as Buzz also gets attention from the other toys. However Buzz believes himself to be a real space ranger on a mission to return to his home planet, as Woody fails to convince him he is a toy. Andy prepares for a family outing at the space themed Pizza Planet restaurant with Buzz. Woody attempts to be picked by misplacing Buzz. He intends to trap Buzz in a gap behind Andy's desk, but the plan goes disastrously wrong when he accidentally knocks Buzz out the window, resulting in him being accused of murdering Buzz out of jealousy. With Buzz missing, Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet, but Buzz climbs into the car and confronts Woody when they stop at a gas station. The two fight and fall out of the car, which drives off and leaves them behind. Woody spots a truck bound for Pizza Planet and plans to rendezvous with Andy there, convincing Buzz to come with him by telling him it will take him to his home planet. Once at Pizza Planet, Buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship, thinking it to be the ship Woody promised him. Inside, he finds squeaky aliens who revere the claw arm as their master. When Woody clambers into the machine to rescue Buzz, the aliens force the two towards the claw and they are captured by Andy’s neighbour Sid Phillips, who finds amusement in destroying toys. At Sid's house, the two attempt to escape before Andy's moving day, encountering Sid’s nightmarish toy creations and his vicious dog, Scud. Buzz sees a commercial for Buzz Lightyear action figures and realizes that he really is a toy. Attempting to fly to test this, Buzz falls and loses one of his arms, going into depression and unable to cooperate with Woody. Woody waves Buzz’s arm from a window to seek help from the toys in Andy’s room, but they are horrified thinking Woody attacked him, while Woody realizes Sid's toys are friendly when they reconnect Buzz's arm. Sid prepares to destroy Buzz by strapping him to a rocket, but is delayed that evening by a thunderstorm. Woody convinces Buzz that life is worth living because of the joy he can bring to Andy, which helps Buzz regain his spirit. Cooperating with Sid's toys, Woody rescues Buzz and scares Sid away by coming to life in front of him, warning him to never torture toys again. Woody and Buzz then wave goodbye to the mutant toys and return home through a fence, but miss Andy’s car as it drives away to his new house. Down the road, they climb onto the moving truck containing Andy’s other toys, but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody. Woody attempts to rescue Buzz with Andy's RC car but the other toys, who think Woody now got rid of RC, toss Woody off onto the road. Spotting Woody driving RC back with Buzz alive, the other toys realize their mistake and try to help. When RC's batteries become depleted, Woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and manages to throw RC into the moving truck before they soar into the air. Buzz opens his wings to cut himself free before the rocket explodes, gliding with Woody to land safely into a box in Andy’s car. Andy looks into it and is elated to have found his two missing toys. On Christmas Day at their new house, Buzz and Woody stage another reconnaissance mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals, one of which is a Mrs. Potato Head, much to the delight of Mr. Potato Head. As Woody jokingly asks what might be worse than Buzz, the two share a worried smile as they discover Andy's new gift is a puppy."] ['The story opens in a forest known as Dapplewood, where "Furlings"  live alongside their teacher, Cornelius . The four Furlings central to the story are Abigail , a woodmouse; Russell , a hedgehog; Edgar , a mole; and a badger named Michelle , who is Cornelius\' niece. One day, the Furlings go on a trip through the forest with Cornelius, where they see a road for the first time. Russell is almost run over by a careless driver, who throws away a glass bottle, which shatters in the middle of the road. Cornelius orders the Furlings to forget the road altogether. The ramble ends in a boat ride. Afterward, they go back to the forest to find out that it has been destroyed with poison gas from an overturned tanker truck that blew a tire from the broken glass bottle while transporting chlorine gas. Michelle runs to her home worried about her parents, breathing some of the gas and become severely ill. The gas inside the house has already killed both of her parents. Abigail manages to save Michelle, and the Furlings go to Cornelius\' house nearby for shelter after they found their homes deserted. There, Cornelius tells the Furlings that they need to fetch two herbs that can save Michelle\'s life: lungwort and eyebright. With limited time, they head off for their journey the next day. After encountering numerous dangers including a hungry barn owl, a flock of religious wrens including their reverend Phineas , and intimidating construction equipment, which the wrens call "yellow dragons", the Furlings make it to the meadow with the herbs they need. There, they meet the bully squirrel Waggs , and Willy, a tough but sensible mouse. After getting the eyebright, they discover that the lungwort is on a giant cliff making it inaccessible by foot. Russell suggests they use Cornelius\' airship, the Flapper-Wing-a-Ma-Thing, to get to the lungwort. The Furlings manage to get the lungwort after dangerous flight up the cliff, then steer their airship back for Dapplewood. They crash-land back in the forest after a storm, and bring the herbs to Michelle and Cornelius. A group of humans who come to clean up the gas\' mess appear, the animals escape through the backdoor of Cornelius\'s house. Unfortunately, Edgar gets separated from the group, and , gets caught in an old trap. When one of the workers finds him, the animals are at first worried about their friend, but are surprised when he frees Edgar and smashes the trap before stuffing it in his trash bag, an act Cornelius never expected a human to do, making him realise that there are good humans in the world. After taking Cornelius to the site where they crashed, the Furlings give him the herbs to cure Michelle. The next day, she wakes up from her coma after a teardrop from her uncle fearing her to be dead. The Furlings\' families and many of the other inhabitants arrive as well, except for Michelle\'s mother and father, who were killed in the gas accident but Corneilus promised to look after her. The Furlings happily reunite with their families, who are relieved to see that their children are alright. Michelle asks Cornelius if anything will ever be the same again. Cornelius looks at the dead trees in the forest and says to her that if everyone works as hard to save Dapplewood as the Furlings did to save Michelle, it will be. The film ends with an overhead shot of Dapplewood to show that much of the forest is still alive and that there is still hope to rebuild and make a home.'] ["Following on from the plot of the last movie, four babies can communicate with each other using 'baby talk', and have knowledge of many secrets. The baby geniuses become involved in a scheme by media mogul Bill Biscane , later revealed to be known as Kane, who kidnaps children everywhere. Helping the geniuses is a legendary superbaby named Kahuna , who stops Biscane's plots and saves children from being kidnapped by Biscane and his minions. He joins up with several other babies in an attempt to stop Biscane, who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world's population by brainwashing them and forcing people to not be active and watch TV the rest of their lives."] ['A reporter named Kathy Lane comes to Theodor Geisel\'s home in order to do a report on the famous Dr. Seuss, where she meets a strange character. When Kathy asks to use him as a source, he reveals himself to be the Cat in the Hat. Curiosity allows her to open a magical book labeled "Open a book, open your imagination", which pulls her into the world of Dr. Seuss. The Cat in the Hat character shows Kathy a door which leads to a beach. On the beach, they read The Sneetches. Kathy then falls into a kitchen where she meets Mr. Hunch from Hunches in Bunches. They eat lunch and read McElligot\'s Pool. Kathy then ends up in a jungle where she notices Horton the Elephant. She then reads Horton Hatches the Egg. The Cat in the Hat appears again. Soon, Kathy wanders into a room which is explained to be "The World of Advertising". The Ad Man and the Ad Woman explain to Kathy about Dr. Seuss in the advertising business. The room soon rocks and Kathy is transported to Mulberry Street where she meets Marco. She helps Marco come up with a story to tell his father when he gets home from walking from school. The story changes as Kathy and Marco add exciting things to it. The story starts out as a horse pulling a cart. But it soon turns into a tale with an elephant, the mayor, planes with confetti, a Rajah, a band playing music and other things completely random. Soon, Marco keeps the story as a horse pulling a cart. He then leaves. Sgt. Mulvaney then appears and brings Kathy to a revolving door that is shown to represent the way people rejected Dr. Seuss\' first book for publishing. The Sargent then goes through the door and disappears. Kathy goes through the door and ends up in a hall with the Cat in the Hat. The Cat explains to Kathy about some of Dr. Seuss\' dark political cartoons. An alarm goes off and he disappears. Kathy soon walks into a room and meets The Voice of America. The Voice of America then shows Kathy the documentary, Hitler Lives, which was made by Theodor Geisel and his wife. A live action version of the story Yertle the Turtle is then shown in a gospel like song. Kathy meets back up with the Cat in the Hat, who tells her the story of The Cat in the Hat. The story is acted out by a father reading the story to his two little girls. After the story, Kathy ends up in the story of Green Eggs and Ham where she is chased by Sam I Am who tries to get her to taste the aforementioned dish. After that, Kathy ends up in the mountains where The Grinch had lived. A lady reads her the story of How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Next, Kathy shows up at the Street of the lifted Lorax where she put in a payment  written on paper in a bucket after which The Once-Ler hoisted up the bucket with all those things, collected them, brought down a speaker and told the story of The Lorax. After planting a new Truffula Tree, marching music sounded, indicating a butter battle which represents The Butter Battle Book. The finale segment of the film saw Kathy & The Cat in the Hat visit the library where they sing Oh, the Places You\'ll Go!, later they were transported back to Dr. Seuss\' house where Kathy\'s adventure ended.'] ['Young Alice, having become a celebrity for her adventures in Wonderland, is in her bedroom dreaming about visiting Paris and sharing adventures with story book girl, Madeline. A talking mouse named François rides a bicycle into Alice’s bedroom and wants to conduct a survey about her favourite cheeses. Alice wants to join François in his native Paris, so François uses a cheese that his company makes, which uses the same magical mushroom she ate in wonderland as an ingredient, to shrink Alice to rodent size. Together, they ride through Paris, where François narrates a series of short stories with a Parisian theme. In the end, when Alice finally meets her, it turns out that Madeline dreams of being Alice in wonderland.'] ['Casey Stuart , is a tomboy who is the quarterback of her school\'s 7th-grade football team. Since her mother died, she has been avoiding her old friends and arguing with a boy on her team. Wanting to bring her mother back to life, Casey finds a book of magic with a section on resurrecting the dead. A successful resurrection will become permanent unless it is undone before sunset on the fourth day after it begins. Following the book\'s instructions, Casey collects artifacts from her mother\'s life, including strands of hair in her hairbrush. However, the resurrection is unwittingly sabotaged when Drew Mitchell , a woman who works with and is romantically interested in Casey\'s father Ben , gives Casey an Eve doll. Eve is a plastic doll in the form of a beautiful young woman, manufactured by Marathon Toys. She has lots of accessories, including outfits appropriate to challenging careers such as law enforcement, medicine, and aerospace, and lives in Sunnyvale, "in the middle of America". As Casey is preparing to resurrect her mother, Drew stops by to give her the doll for her birthday and uses the hairbrush to brush the doll\'s hair. With strands from the doll remaining on the brush as Casey utters the incantation, the magic acts on the doll rather than Casey\'s mother, and Casey wakes up the next morning to find Eve in bed with her in full-size human form . Casey is upset by this, but Eve is excited about being human. Over the next few days, Eve buys clothes at the local shopping mall, uses her police training to stop a truck that almost runs Casey over, smells and eats for the first time, tries to do secretarial work, sings her theme song, and almost sets the Stuarts\'s kitchen on fire. She also helps Casey cope with the loss of her mother. Meanwhile, Casey discovers that she needs the second volume of the magic book to reverse Eve\'s spell. During this time, tension builds between Casey and her father, who has been missing her football games while trying to secure a promotion in his law firm. The tension is further increased by Ben\'s attraction to Eve, which Casey resents as a betrayal of her mother. As the film proceeds, Casey and Eve gradually make friends. Eve displays insight and sensitivity in talking with Casey about her mother, and she helps Casey with her self-confidence. In exchange, Casey gives Eve tips on how to be a popular doll and a good role model. By the time the magic book arrives at the local bookstore, Casey has decided she likes Eve. Unfortunately, Eve has been getting homesick. Discouraged by her difficulties in being human and worried about being discontinued by Marathon, Eve decides to undo the spell herself. After buying the book and saying good-bye to Ben at Casey\'s championship game, she goes to Sunnyvale, a specially decorated room at Marathon headquarters, and recites the incantation. When Casey and Ben arrive, she tearfully bids them farewell and turns back into a doll. Sometime later, with the lessons learned from her experiences in the human world, she becomes a popular toy again. Casey resumes her old friendships, Ben is promoted at work, and Drew takes him to lunch. The films ends as the cast dances to Eve\'s theme song.'] ["After having left their own world due to a loss of natural resources, the winged humanoid Nohrin settle on Jhamora with the permission of the ground-dwelling Lokni. But some of the Nohrin, led by would-be conqueror Sedessa , believe in the superiority of their own race and try to take land away form the Lokni. The parents of Delgo , a Lokni, are killed in the resulting conflict. Nohrin King Zahn  is horrified by the war and admonishes Sedessa, who then poisons the Queen and almost kills Zahn as well. She is subsequently banished, and her wings are clipped off. Delgo, meanwhile, is raised by Elder Marley , who tries to teach him how to use the power of magical stones. Once Delgo grows up, however, he gives in to his desire for revenge against the Nohrin as a whole. But then he meets Princess Kyla  of the Nohrin and develops a tentative friendship with her. When she is kidnapped by Nohrin General Raius , who is actually working for Sedessa, Delgo and his friend Filo  are blamed and arrested. In the Nohrin prison, Delgo meets Nohrin General Bogardus , who was forced to illegally gamble with his weapons by Raius, because Bogardus opposed an all out war with the Lokni. Delgo, Filo, and Bogardus escape into some underground caverns and eventually reach Sedessa's stronghold and rescue Kyla. Together they hurry back to try to stop the war from taking place. They are too late, for the war has already begun. Bogardus meanwhile fights and defeats Raius, but is soon after mortally injured. Just as Bogardus dies, Delgo realizes that he was the Nohrin soldier who spared his life many years ago during the first war between the Nohrin and the Lokni. Meanwhile, Sedessa's army of monsters join in the battle. Kyla convinces the Nohrin generals to direct their troops to stop fighting the Lokni and instead pick them up and fly them away from the battlefield. Filo then directs an entire stampede of large animals onto the battlefield, sending Sedessa's minions fleeing for their lives. Delgo goes off to face Sedessa and find King Zahn, whom she has taken prisoner. He finally manages to master the stone magic, and defeats Sedessa. He also puts the past behind him by saving her rather than letting her fall to her death. However, Sedessa then attacks Kyla, who has come to Delgo's aid. The two struggle and Sedessa finally falls, her artificial wings being of no use. Later, during the celebrations, it turns out Raius wasn't dead, and he makes one last attempt to end Delgo. He is subdued by a Nohrin, but not before he throws his spear at Delgo. Then, out of nowhere, the spear breaks in mid-air. Everyone turns to look at Filo, who has finally mastered his slingshot. Later, Delgo and Kyla's friendship blossoms into romance when they finally kiss."] ['The story takes place when the east wind trades places with the west wind, stirring things up a bit all through the Hundred Acre Wood. At the beginning of this story, while Winnie-the-Pooh is at his "thoughtful spot" trying to think of something, Gopher pops out of the ground and tells him that it is "Winds-day" , whereupon Pooh decides to wish everybody "Happy Winds-day." He visits his friend Piglet, who wears a scarf around his neck on this day. Piglet is blown into the air, his scarf unraveling all the while, and Pooh grabs hold of him. As they fly like a kite through the air over the other characters\' heads, Pooh wishes Kanga, Roo, Eeyore, Rabbit, and Owl a happy Winds-day. However, once they arrive at Owl\'s treehouse, he informs them that the wind is due to "a mild spring zephyr" rather than to a particular holiday. During the windstorm, Owl\'s house is knocked down, so Eeyore volunteers to house-hunt for Owl. That night, Pooh hears an unfamiliar growling noise coming from elsewhere in the Hundred Acre Wood. Someone knocks on Pooh’s door, then Tigger bounces inside in search of something to eat. He tries some honey but gets disgusted and decides, "Yuck! Tiggers don\'t like honey!". Before leaving Pooh\'s house, Tigger tells him that there are Heffalumps and Woozles in the forest that steal honey. After which, he says goodbye and bounces off. Pooh, frightened by Tigger\'s tale, takes it upon himself to guard his honey, but eventually falls fast asleep. As he is sleeping, he has a nightmare about Heffalumps and Woozles stealing his honey and chasing him around . Later that night, a storm floods the Hundred Acre Woods, and Piglet becomes trapped in his home. He writes a bottle-note for help just before the waters carry him away riding a chair. While eating his breakfast, Pooh is trapped in a honey pot and floats away from his home as well. The remaining characters gather at Christopher Robin\'s house, due to it being on ground that\'s too high for the water to reach, and Christopher reads Piglet\'s message. He then sends Owl to inform Piglet of a rescue plan in the works, but just after he delivers the news, Piglet and Pooh are mixed up in a waterfall which switches Piglet to the honey pot and Pooh to the chair. When they arrive together at Christopher Robin\'s house, he mistakenly thinks that Pooh rescued Piglet, and throws a hero party for Pooh. During the party, Eeyore announces that he has found a new home for Owl. When he leads the gang to Piglet\'s house, the others are shocked and try to tell Eeyore that Piglet already lives there. However, Piglet reluctantly decides to give his home to Owl, and Pooh offers to let Piglet live with him, which Piglet accepts. Pooh suggests to Christopher Robin that the hero party should become a two-hero party because of Piglet\'s generosity. He agrees, and the characters celebrate both Pooh’s and Piglet\'s good deeds that day.'] [' In the 1930\'s, James Henry Trotter is a young boy who lives with his parents by the sea in the United Kingdom. On James\'s birthday, they plan to go to New York City and visit the Empire State Building, the tallest building in the world. However, his parents are later killed by a ghostly rhinoceros from the sky and finds himself living with his two cruel aunts, Spiker and Sponge. He is forced to work all day and they threaten him with beatings to keep him in line and taunt him about the mysterious rhino and other hazards if he tries to leave. While rescuing a spider from being squashed by his aunts, James meets a mysterious man with a bag of magic green "crocodile tongues", which he gives to James to make his life better. The soldier warns him not to lose the "tongues" and disappears. When James is returning to the house, he trips and the "tongues" escape into the ground. One peach is soon found on a withered old tree, and grows into immense proportions. Spiker and Sponge use the giant peach as an attraction, making lots of money as James watches from the house, not allowed to leave. That night, James is sent to pick up the garbage. While doing so, he grabs a chunk of the peach to eat as one of the "crocodile tongues" jumps into it. A large hole appears inside the peach and James crawls inside, where he finds and befriends a group of life-size anthropomorphic bugs who also dream of an ideal home . As they hear the aunts search for James, Centipede manages to cut the stem holding the giant peach to the tree and the peach rolls away to the Atlantic Ocean with James and his friends inside it, seemingly squashing Spiker and Sponge\'s antique car as they try to chase it. Remembering his dream to visit New York City, James and the insects decide to go there. They use Miss Spider\'s silk to capture and tie a hundred seagulls to the peach stem, while battling against a giant robotic shark. They escape just in time. While flying, James and his friends eventually find themselves hungry and soon realize that "their whole ship is made out of food". After gorging most of the inside of the peach, Miss Spider, while using her web to tuck in James, reveals to him that she was the spider he saved from Spiker and Sponge. James then has a nightmare of him as a caterpillar attacked by Spiker, Sponge, and the rhino. When he wakes up, he and his friends find themselves in Antarctica, lost and cold. The Centipede has fallen asleep while keeping watch, resulting in them further away from their destination than ever. After hearing the Grasshoper wishing they had a compass, Centipede jumps off the peach into the icy water below and searches a sunken ship. He finds a compass but is taken prisoner by a group of skeletal pirates. James and Miss Spider rescue him and the journey continues. As the group finally reaches New York City, a storm appears. A flash of lightning reveals the rhino approaching towards them. James is terrified but faces his fears and gets his friends to safety before the rhino strikes the peach with lightning; The strings keeping the seagulls attached to the peach are cut and the peach falls to the city, dragging James with it. James coughs up the crocodile tongue as he reawakens, and emerges from the peach realizing it has landed right on top of the Empire State Building. After being rescued by the police and firefighters, Spiker and Sponge arrive, supposedly having driven their car across the seabed, and attempt to take back James and the peach. James stands up to Spiker and Sponge, and they attempt to kill James. Using the remaining seagulls, the bugs arrive in New York City. They tie up Spiker and Sponge with Miss Spider\'s silk and the police arrest them both. James introduces his friends and allows the children of New York to eat up the peach. The peach stone is made into a house in Central Park, where James lives with the bugs and has the friends he could wish for. Centipede runs for New York mayor, Grasshopper becomes a professional violinist, Earthworm becomes a mascot for a new cream, Ladybug becomes a nurse, Glowworm lights up the Statue of Liberty, Miss Spider owns a club called "Spider Club", and James celebrates his 8th birthday with his new family. In a post-credits scene, a new arcade game called "Spike the Aunts" is shown, featuring the rhino.'] ['Billy and his mother moved from Boston to rural Vermont after a car accident which left Billy fatherless and with a gimp leg. Billy has a hard time adjusting to life in Vermont and has trouble making friends. While shopping at the mall after school one day, Billy stumbles upon a ramshackle petting zoo, where the animals are kept in poor conditions. After seeing a small pony with a horn taped to its head and finding out that it is about to be sold for slaughter, Billy instead makes a deal with the zoo keeper and buys the pony. Once Billy takes the pony home, he cleans her up and cares for her. The pony appears to be pregnant and eventually foals, under the watchful eye of Billy and his friend Carolyn. The pony\'s foal grows a horn and turns out to be a unicorn, who grows at a tremendous rate. Billy names the colt Nico from the letters found in the word "unicorn". One day, while Billy is at school, a mountain lion comes to attack the pony and the foal in the stable. The pony sacrifices herself for the well-being of her colt, and she is killed by the mountain lion. Billy and his mother later bury the pony on their land. That night, magic descends upon the stable, and in the morning, Billy discovers that Nico has become full grown. Carolyn visits later in the day and tells Billy that he could charge people to see Nico and help his mother, Julie, earn money for her to go to school. Billy is annoyed at this and he and Carolyn argue making Carolyn storm off back into to town, where she meets Bruce and Mark who make fun of Billy for saying he has a unicorn. Carolyn, defends Billy by telling them she has seen Nico, before quickly denying it when Bruce becomes too interested. The group doesn\'t believe Carolyn, but decides to pull a hoax instead for the paper, and plan to take a picture of Nico with a fake horn. They make an offer with the local news reporter Cecil who is looking for a big story, that if they provide proof of a unicorn, Cecil will pay them a hundred thousand dollars. Cecil agrees thinking they are making it up. Meanwhile Carolyn has cycled on ahead to warn Billy, who immediately packs his bag to take Nico to safety up on Big Rock at the top of a dangerous mountain. Bruce and friends arrive before he leaves, and ask Billy where Nico is, when Billy refuses to say Bruce pushes Billy down, and Nico comes out of the bushes and goes to attack Bruce. Bruce panics crying out for Billy to help which Billy does, before Bruce and Mark take pictures of Nico and run away. Billy decides now that he has to take Nico away before people take Nico away from him, and tells Carolyn to tell his mother where Billy has gone. Bruce manages to convince Cecil with the photos of Nico, who immediately calls \'his people\', Cecil also tells the owner of the diner, Joe and it is also where Billy\'s mother works, Julie hears about the story and goes home where Carolyn tells her where Billy has gone, worried about Billy\'s leg and his safety Julie sets out after him on Carolyn\'s bike. By now the local police are involved too, led by Julie\'s boyfriend, Deputy Pete, who are more focused on rescuing Julie and Billy from the dangerous mountain. Having not gotten very far, Julie soon catches up to Billy, who is discarding his leg cast so he can ride Nico bareback, something that could confine him to a wheelchair if he has a bad fall. Billy pleads with his mother to give him a chance, and to lead the police away from him. Eventually Julie agrees and leaves back down the mountain where she meets with the police, who are prepared to search the mountain by horseback, Julie tells them she knows where Billy is and leads them in the wrong direction until Carolyn, who does not know that Billy asked Julie to lead them astray, says she has never been to Big Rock which is where Billy is going. Julie confesses to leading them the wrong way and the whole group turn around. With his mother leading the others away, Billy eventually reaches the top of Big Rock where he and Nico are stuck at the edge of a cliff, behind him a news helicopter lands to take pictures, and Billy and Nico flee but before they can escape, the police, Julie and Carolyn arrive on their horses. Nico turns and runs toward the cliff before jumping and flies over the gap and lands on the other side. On the other side is a desert like terrain where Nico takes Billy inside a cave, he dismounts Nico and finds cave drawings of unicorns on the walls, when there is a gold glowing light which takes Nico and Billy to a paradise like land, where Nico lives and Billy\'s leg is healed, enabling him to walk and run properly again. Whilst taking a drink from the water there, Billy sees his mothers sad face in the reflection and knows he has to go back, he says goodbye to Nico for the final time before he goes back through the cave, where his mother and everyone is waiting for him on the desert terrain, having flown over in the helicopter. Billy hugs his mother and Cecil, with a camera, interrogates him about the unicorn to which Billy looks straight into the camera and says, "What unicorn? Everyone knows unicorns don\'t exist." Leaving Cecil storyless and returning home with his healed leg and mother.'] [" Sir Topham Hatt, normally in charge of the railways on Sodor, is on holiday and has left Mr. Conductor in charge. Meanwhile, Thomas and Gordon encounter an evil diesel locomotive, Diesel 10, stating that he has unfinished business on Sodor. He is planning to get rid of steam engines on Sodor once and for all. Mr. Conductor has problems of his own. The mysterious gold dust that allows him to magically transport from place to place is running out, and without it there will be no way for anyone to travel from Shining Time to Sodor or back again. There is a lost engine that is able to travel between Sodor and Muffle Mountain using the Magic Railroad, but nobody knows where she is. Burnett Stone, an elderly man, lives on Muffle Mountain, near Shining Time Station, in which Stacy Jones was the manager. Unknown to everyone, he is the guardian of the lost engine, whose name is Lady. The engine crashed after an earlier encounter with Diesel 10, and ever since then Burnett has been trying to repair Lady. Even though he seems to have gotten the little engine restored mechanically, so far he has been unable to make her steam. Percy and Thomas find out that there is a secret railway and there are magic buffers that lead to it. However, Diesel 10 overhears them. Toby the Tram Engine follows D-10 and hears him telling his diesel locomotive henchmen Splatter and Dodge of his plans to destroy the steam locomotives. Diesel 10 thinks that this horrid act seems possible mainly because Mr. Conductor's whistle contains gold dust inside which he uses to travel is running out, and he is therefore becoming too weak to stop Diesel 10. Wanting to warn his friends of Diesel's plans, Toby rings his bell, distracting them. Burnett's granddaughter Lily visits him, and meets C. Junior, Mr. Conductor's good-natured but lazy cousin, who takes her to Sodor and introduces her to the talking engines who live there, including Thomas. Later, Thomas is assigned to transport Lily back to Burnett on Muffle Mountain after inadvertently discovered the entrance of the long-abandoned Magic Railroad by an old grotto. He takes his lost truck of special Island-of-Sodor coal and arrives on the other end of the Magic Railway, located at the edge of a high cliff near the top of Muffle Mountain. Lily goes to her grandfather's house, leaving Thomas stranded on the mountain. However, the ground gives way and Thomas uncouples himself from the coal-truck, falling off the cliff to the bottom of the mountain where he re-enters the Magic Railroad through another portal there. Lily reunites with Burnett at his workshop, where he shows her Lady and explains his problem getting the engine to steam. Using the Sodor coal truck, the engine eventually comes to life. Lily and Burnett take Lady along the Magic Railroad, regenerating itself in the process. Lady comments that Burnett had never forgotten about Magic. They reunite with Thomas and find their way back to Sodor, where Diesel 10 finds them and goes after them. When Thomas and Lady cross the Viaduct, it begins to collapse. Lady makes it across, and Thomas gets across a 3 foot gap in the supports. After 2 big sections fall off, Diesel 10 crosses. The suspended pieces of track can't hold him and he falls off. That sends him falling into the ravine below, where he lands in a barge filled with sludge and is carried away. Thomas, Lady, Burnett and Lily meet Mr. Conductor and C-Junior. They use the water from a wishing well and shavings from the rails of the Magic Railroad to make more gold dust, and the Island of Sodor and Shining Time Station are saved. C-Junior, encouraged by his success in being able to help out, offers to take a job on Sodor, and Mr. Conductor presents him with his conductor's cap so that C-Junior can now take over Mr. Conductor's role on Sodor, while Mr. Conductor says that he will now travel back to serve at Shining Time Station. In the end Thomas is happily going home to Tidmouth Sheds to tell the engines about his encounter with the lost engine Lady."] ['13-year-old DJ Walters spies on his elderly neighbor, Mr. Nebbercracker, who confiscates any item landing in his yard. DJ\'s parents leave town for the weekend for a dentists\' convention, leaving him in the care of Elizabeth "Zee". Charles "Chowder", DJ\'s best friend, loses his basketball on Nebbercracker\'s lawn. DJ is caught by Nebbercracker while recovering it, who rages at him before apparently suffering a heart attack and being taken away by an ambulance. That night, DJ receives phone calls from Nebbercracker\'s house with no one on the other end. DJ eavesdrops on Zee\'s boyfriend Bones, who tells Zee about losing his kite on Nebbercracker\'s lawn when he was younger, and that Nebbercracker supposedly ate his wife. Later, Bones sees his kite in the doorway of Mr. Nebbercracker\'s house, but he and the kite are consumed by the house as he is retrieving it. The next morning, Jenny Bennett is selling Halloween chocolates. DJ and Chowder see her going to Nebbercracker\'s house, and they rush out to warn her, catching her before she is eaten by the house. Jenny calls the police, but officers Landers and Lester do not believe their story. The trio seek advice from Reginald "Skull" Skulinski, who is claimed to be an expert on the supernatural. They learn that the house is a "domus mactabilis" ; a being created when a human soul merges with a structure. They assume the house is inhabited by Nebbercracker\'s soul. The only way to kill the house is to destroy its heart; its source of life. They conclude that the heart must be the fireplace, as DJ realizes that the chimney has been smoking since Nebbercracker died. Chowder provides a cold medicine-filled dummy that should cause the house to sleep long enough for them to douse the furnace. Officers Landers and Lester thwart their plan, and they are arrested when Landers finds the cold medicine, stolen from Chowder\'s father\'s pharmacy, inside the dummy. The cops place the trio in their car while they examine the house. The house eats Landers, Lester and the car. DJ, Chowder and Jenny escape the car but are trapped in the house. The house falls asleep and they begin exploring. They fall into the basement and find a collection of toys accumulated from Nebbercracker\'s lawn, as well as a cage containing the body of Constance the Giantess, Nebbercracker\'s wife, encased in cement. The house realizes they are inside and attacks them. DJ, Chowder and Jenny force the house to vomit them outside by grabbing its uvula. Nebbercracker arrives home alive, revealing that the house is possessed by Constance. As a young man Nebbercracker met Constance, who was an unwilling member of a circus sideshow, and fell in love with her despite her obesity. After helping her escape, she and Nebbercracker began building the house. One Halloween, as children tormented her, Constance tried hurting them with an axe, but lost her footing and died in the foundations of the house; the cement buried her body. Nebbercracker finished the house after Constance\'s death, knowing it was what she would have wanted. Aware that Constance\'s spirit made the house come alive, Nebbercracker tried keeping people away by pretending to hate children. DJ tells Nebbercracker it is time to let Constance go, but she overhears. The house breaks free from its foundation and chases the group to a construction site. Nebbercracker attempts to convince Constance that she should die while holding a stick of dynamite, but Constance refuses. As she tries to eat him, Chowder fights the house off with a back hoe, causing it to fall into a pit. DJ is given the dynamite, and he and Jenny climb to the top of a crane while Chowder distracts Constance. DJ throws the dynamite into the chimney, destroying the house. The trio see Nebbercracker with Constance\'s spirit for the last time before she fades away. DJ apologizes to Nebbercracker for the loss of his house and wife, but Nebbercracker thanks DJ and the kids for freeing him and Constance. That night, children in their Halloween costumes are lined up at the site of Nebbercracker\'s house, where DJ, Chowder and Jenny help him return the toys to their owners. Jenny\'s parents pick her up and DJ and Chowder go trick-or-treating, which they previously thought they were too old for. Those who were eaten by the house emerge from the basement.'] ['Shortly after the events of the previous film, Farmer Arthur Hoggett and Babe are famous. Esme Hoggett, his wife, embraces their fame but Arthur wants to tend to the farm. While Arthur is fixing the water pump in the well the next morning, Babe tries to help but he steps on the pump, countering the balance and Arthur goes up, jamming his fingers in the winch, the pump falls off and Arthur comes crashing back down into the water where he lets go of the rope and the pump\'s stand crushes him. After his accident, Esme tries to take over the farm but two men come from the bank one day, telling them how the farm hasn\'t paid the rent and are a week behind. Esme rushes to Arthur, remembering a letter about sheep-herding. If they do it, they will get a generous appearance fee and they will be able to keep the farm. They leave on a plane that very day. A confused sniffer dog at the airport in the city starts barking to get rewarded and they strip search Esme and X-Ray Babe. They miss their next flight and are stranded, unable to go forward or back. A man gives her the address to a hotel where he says she can stay. Esme finds the hotel and finds out that the landlady there has taken in stray animals to protect them. Esme goes out to call Arthur and Babe is kidnapped by the landlady\'s uncle, Fugly Floom, an elderly clown who performs in hospitals for children. The orangutan, Thelonius, and the apes, Bob, Zootie and Easy, who are dressed in human clothes, are loyal to Fugly whom they call \'Himself\'. When a panicked Esme and Landlady talk to him, he tells Esme that Babe has escaped and she leaves to search for him but is arrested after she causes an uproar with a motorcycle gang. Babe chooses to perform for the local children\'s hospital with the apes, hoping to earn money to save the farm. Floom serves Babe for dinner and, after being pulled back by his braces, is told it is too rare. Babe crawls off the plate and runs across the room to try and talk to Thelonius but, after Floom falls over Babe and into a cannon and sets off a fire, the show ends in disaster. Floom is later taken to the hospital because he is ill. The concerned Landlady stays by his side and leaves all the animals alone in the hotel unprotected. Thelonius broods over his ill master, the three chimpanzees leave to find food. Babe follows them and mentions his sheep herding skills. Bob uses Babe as a decoy to distract two malicious dogs guarding an alleyway while continue their search. Frightened, Babe runs away, but the spike keeping the dogs chained up breaks free and the dogs give chase throughout the city. Babe loses one in a junkyard but is still pursued by the bull terrier with the spiked collar. The dog rams into Babe, gnashing his teeth at his throat. Babe tumbles from the bridge into the river, the bull terrier missed his throat and got Babe\'s collar. He leaps after him off the bridge but the spike that held him in place in the alley gets caught in the rungs of the bridge and he dangles from the bridge, hung low enough so that his head is submurged by water. Babe swims to the hotel then, after careful consideration, chooses to rescue the bull terrier from drowning. This earns him the respect of all the animals and the loyalty of the once-dangerous bull terrier. Babe allows the strays into the hotel and Zootie goes into labor and gives birth to twins. Ferdinand, who has been trying to find Babe after he left the farm, is finally able to reach him. The animals sing Farmer Hoggett\'s song "I\'d sing you a morning". Hortense , hearing the song in animal howls and shrieks, realizes that the hotel is filled with animals and calls the officials to dispose of them. They arrive as the animals are celebrating and grab them, shoving them in sacks. Bob hides Zootie as they grab him and Easy\'s tape player is stolen and thrown into a sack that makes him chase after it and get caught. Zootie is found and taken. Cats and dogs are seized and Thelonius, sitting with his goldfish bowl, is nabbed in a net. He drops his bowl and the goldfish lies on the floor, suffocating. Babe sees it and rushes in as the mice beg him to help. A man hooks a leash around his neck and hauls him away. They reach the bottom of the stairs, Babe writhing in the man\'s grip. Ferdinad, seeing what\'s happening flies into the man who is knocked into a table and frees Babe. The vase on the table soars upwards and shatters on the landing. Babe canters through it, leaving footprints as he goes. He scoops the fish up in his mouth  and flings him into the river. The fish gives a relieved sigh and thanks Babe. The man comes in and Babe attempts to jump out of the window but the man grabs the leash. Babe dangles over the pavement, swinging from the leash. Tug, the monkey who stole Esme\'s suitcase at the start of the film, jumps on the man knocking him out of the window and into the river. Babe struggles from his leash and follows Tug and Ferdinad to the truck where the animals are being put in. Flealick, the wheelchair confined puppy, seizes a woman by her trouser leg which gets caught in the door of the van. The van drives off with Flealick clinging to it. Babe tells him to let go but he doesn\'t hear him. The van careens round a corner and the trousers rip, sending Flealick flying into a dustbin. Babe gets him out and, to Ferdinad\'s horror, he, Flealick and Tug set off to find Esme Hoggett and the animals. They find the animals in an animal prison. They sneak in at night and free the animals from their cages. They are about to leave when they find Thelonius dressing. When asked he claims that he is indecent unless he is dressed. As he pulls up his braces, Ferdinad grows impatient. He is about to leave when a man locks the door that Babe opened to get out. They are trapped. While everybody frets, Babe sees a skylight leading out and has an idea. Meanwhile, Esme Hoggett tells her story before a judge, the man who told her of the hotel, and is set free because the judge has grown up on a farm and has a soft spot for pigs. The man/judge clears her name by banging his gavel and yelling "Case dismissed!", and when Esme is done, he smiles at her in the end. She returns to the hotel and finds it empty. She ventures up the stairs, walking over the shattered vase on the landing. She turns back and bends down to look at the hoof marks left by Babe. Her dress splits down the back and Esme gasps. "Pig!" she whispers and creeps up the stairs, her dress torn down the seam. She comes to the room where Babe went and finds the landlady, clutching her uncle\'s clown costume. She tels Esme that her uncle died from an illness and Hortense turned the animals in. As Esme\'s only dress is ruined, the Landlady lends her uncle\'s clown costume— barrel like blue trousers held up with trouser braces that jangle and squeak as she walks and a shirt with a large red joke bow tie — and set off across the river. Esme pounds on the door until Hortense answers then asks savagely: "Where are our animals?". The animals made a pyrimaid to climb up and reach the skylight and clambered out onto a pipe, leading across a car park to a hospital and ballroom. Esme and the landlady use a two-seater clown bike and ride to the hospital after told by Hortense where the animals are. Esme clings to the back of an ambulance and swerves round a fountain, speeding into the car park. Flealick, who got lost along the way with the others, rushes over to them, yapping. The women follow him to a door to a kitchen. A man outside, eating a burger, sees Esme and laughs at her. Esme asks if he\'s seen the animals. He mocks her by asking what kind of animals. "A pig, cats, dogs, monkeys... that sort of thing?" She grins sheepishly. There\'s a shatter of plates from inside the kitchen and they rush in to investigate . The chef leads them in and Esme pushes past him. He seizes her as scores of animals race through the kitchen, heading for the ballroom where a banquet in honour of the hospital is being held. Several other chefs and waiters in tuxedos and bow ties grab Esme and try to keep her out. She struggles against them and gasps as Babe dashes past. Esme wrestles herself free and darts after him. The chef seizes her by her elastic braces and she rushes after Babe. She stops by the two way opening doors as the braces hold her back. The chefs all grab the braces and haul her off her feet and she flies backwards, tumbling into the chefs and waiters. Esme frees herself and she and the landlady burst into the banquet shooting fire extinguishers to keep the waiters away. All the animals except Thelonious scarper for cover. When Babe is kidnapped by a chef, the Landlady tells the chef "That\'s not your pig!" but another chef, who with another one, grabs her and pulls her away, telling her "He is my pig now." and she calls Esme warning her "Esme! The chef got your pig!" Esme is running from chefs behind her screeches to a halt as there is one in front of her. She sprays him with the fire-extinguisher then runs. As more come in front she realises she\'s trapped. Seeing this, she climbs to the top of the balcony and ties the elastic braces from the costume to a streamer from the chandelier. She exclaims, "I am Esme Cordelia Hoggett", as she pulls the knot finally, "And I have come for my Arthur\'s Pig!" People stare on in horror as she adjuts the braces and grabs the trousrs. She looks down at the chef then jumps, her braces taughtening and bouncing her back up. She misses Babe and grabs the chef\'s hat instead. She regains her composure on the balcony of the mezzanine and spots the chef again. Clutching the trousers she runs around the edge. The braces lift her off her feet and she swings down, missing him once again. She starts circling the room, boncing up and down uncontrolably. She pushes a desert trolley under the chef and he drops Babe and crashes into a table. She swings dangerously near a butler in a tuxedo, bow tie and glasses who is shielding a tottering tower of champagne glasses and, screaming, she rams into him. He falls onto a table and it collapses beneath him. Bob and Zooty have climbed on top of the chandelier. Esme swings off, her shoes have fallen off and she clings to the balcony. Panting and clinging to the braces for support, she hears a strange noise and looks down. Beneath the clown trousers, an inflatable, flesh-colored suit is rapidly expanding like a balloon. The waiter gets up and sees this. He looks into his hand and sees that, as he was falling, he accidentally pulled off a tab on the suit marked "DO NOT PULL". He realises and looks up as the trousers rip, falling off. Thelonius clambers up the walls to the balcony. The braces are attached to the hoop which somehow has attached itself to the balloon. Esme tries again and again. Thelonius clambers onto he back and stretches the braces more to help her get lower to Babe. More chefs remove their jackets and tie their braces to the streamers. Esme swings down at the same time as the chefs and they nearly collide in the middle. Esme knocks the waiter who is holding Babe over and snatches Babe back. Ferdinad squawks with glee as Esme beams at Babe. Suddenly the chandelier gives a groan. The weight of the animals, the chefs and Esme is too much and the cable snaps and the chandelier plummets to the ground. Esme screams as they drop with it. The chefs braces snap and they crash to the ground. Esme riccochetes off the ground, using the balloon as a spacehopper. She rolls over, dropping Babe and she gets tangled in her braces. Thelonius tries to help her as Babe tries to find Zooty\'s second baby. He spots it as it falls from the broken chandelier cord. He alerts Thelonius who catches it in time. Zooty thank him but Thelonius thanks "the Pig." All in a happy end, the hotel is restored to its true self with the animals moving in the farm as well as Thelonius, Arthur checks one last time to check if they have clean water, he smiles as the water pours into the trough. Holding his braces he looks at Babe and, once again, says, "That\'ll do, Pig. That\'ll do.'] ['In the midst of a nuclear war, the Builders of the underground "City of Ember" place secret instructions to future generations in a small box, timed to open in 200 years. The box is thrust into the hands of the mayor of the underground complex. Each mayor, in turn, passes the box onto his or her successor. When the box has 47 more years left on the time-lock, the mayor holding the box dies suddenly. The significance of the box had not been explained to anyone else, and the mayor\'s family places it in a junk-filled closet. When it finally reaches year 200, the time-lock clicks open, but the event goes unnoticed. For generations, the people of Ember have lived in a huge underground complex built as a refuge for humanity. It is built into a vast cavern so high that it is filled with regular-sized buildings. Far above the tops of the buildings are banks of floodlights that light the city during the day and provide light for the greenhouses. The lights are powered by a massive generator. Now it is year 247 and Ember threatens to fall into darkness as the generator begins to fail. Blackouts are occurring with increasing frequency and last longer each time. There\'s also a major shortage of canned goods and light bulbs. At a rite of passage for all graduating students called Assignment Day, the mayor  stands before the graduating students as they choose, by lottery, what their occupations will be. Lina , a young girl dreaming to be a messenger, is assigned "Pipeworks Laborer" and Doon  is assigned "Messenger". The two swap occupations. Lina goes home to find her grandmother searching for something in the closet, which turns out to be the lost metal box. Unable to piece the torn papers inside the box together, Lina nevertheless resolves to decipher their meaning and enlists Doon\'s help. As blackouts become more frequent, Lina and Doon realize that the information inside the box could lead to the salvation of Ember. Racing against time, the two follow the clues, cleverly maneuvering around corrupt politicians. During their flight, it turns out that their parents had once joined in an attempt to make their way beyond Ember - an attempt which ended when Lina\'s father drowned after their tunneler hit an underground river. The pair realizes the document is a set of instructions on how to escape the city, and they search for the hidden exit. They also discover that the mayor has been hoarding canned food in a secret room. When they report the theft, they are declared traitors. Now on the run from the mayor\'s police, the pair puts their escape plan into action. They fetch Poppy, Lina\'s younger sister, and follow the instructions, which leads them to the surface where they see and feel the natural air and sky for the first time. At first, they despair, because it is dark and they assume that they haven\'t escaped, but they do not realize it is nighttime. In the morning, as the sun rises, they gaze in amazement at the glowing sun and blue sky. They then tie a message of their discovery to a rock and drop it back down to the city, where it is found by Doon\'s father .'] ['Lewis is an aspiring young inventor at an orphanage whose inventions have been scaring off potential parents. He decides that his mother is the only one who truly loves him and works on a machine to scan his memory to locate her. Unfortunately, this keeps his roommate Michael "Goob" Yagoobian awake, which then causes Goob to fall asleep during an important Little League game. Taking his memory scanner to his school\'s science fair, Lewis meets Wilbur Robinson, a mysterious boy claiming to be a time cop from the future. Wilbur needs to recover a time machine that a man wearing a bowler hat has stolen. Lewis tries to demonstrate the scanner, but it falls apart, throwing the science fair into chaos. Upset, Lewis leaves while the Bowler Hat Guy, with the help of a robotic bowler hat named Doris, repairs and steals the scanner. Wilbur meets Lewis at the orphanage and asks him to repair the scanner. Lewis agrees to do so only if Wilbur can prove he is telling the truth, which Wilbur does by taking them to the year 2037 in a second time machine. When they arrive, however, Lewis says he can use the time machine instead of the scanner, and he and Wilbur get into an argument and crash. Wilbur then asks Lewis to fix the time machine, but Lewis has another condition: Wilbur has to take him to visit his mother afterward. Reluctantly, Wilbur agrees and hides Lewis in the garage. Lewis doesn\'t stay there for long, however, and ends up meeting the rest of the Robinsons except for Cornelius, Wilbur\'s father. Following Lewis, the Bowler Hat Guy and Doris unsuccessfully try to kidnap him. Meanwhile, the Robinsons offer to adopt Lewis, but change their mind when they learn that he\'s from the past. Wilbur also admits to lying to Lewis about taking him back to see his mom, causing Lewis to run off in disgust. Lewis then discovers that the Bowler Hat Guy is a grown-up version of Goob. After losing the Little League game, Goob had become so bitter that he was never adopted and remained in the orphanage long after it closed. Doris was "DOR-15," one of Lewis\' failed and abandoned inventions. They both blamed Lewis for their misfortunes and decided to ruin his career by stealing the memory scanner and claiming credit for it. Leaving Lewis behind, they take off with the scanner, drastically altering the future to a world minus Wilbur and dominated by Doris clones. Lewis repairs the second time machine, goes to confront Doris and destroys her by promising to never invent her, restoring the future to its utopian self. Back in Wilbur\'s time, Lewis finally meets Cornelius, who is a grown-up version of Lewis. Cornelius explains how the memory scanner had started their successful career, which persuades Lewis to return to the science fair. Wilbur takes Lewis back, but makes one stop first: as he promised, he takes Lewis back to when his mother abandoned him. Lewis nearly stops her from leaving the infant at the orphanage, but decides not to, explaining to Wilbur that he already has a family. Wilbur drops Lewis off in his own time and leaves. Lewis heads to the fair, but enroute wakes up Goob just in time for him to make the winning catch. Back at the fair, Lewis asks for one more chance to demonstrate his scanner, which this time succeeds. He is adopted by Lucille, one of the science fair judges, and her husband Bud, who nickname him "Cornelius" and take him to their home. As Lewis leaves, he turns and waves at Goob, who is also leaving the orphanage with a family of his own and a Little League trophy. The movie ends with a quote by Walt Disney containing Lewis/Cornelius\' motto: "Keep Moving Forward."'] ['Lonely after moving away from friends, Brian finds himself blamed for several things he apparently has not done. A quart of ice cream is left in the cupboard, Brian\'s bike is left on the driveway . Brian insists he is innocent and blames his brother, Eric, who claims to have seen a monster the night before. As revenge, Brian snatches Eric\'s lunch and tosses it out the window, hitting Ronnie Coleman, the school bully who boards the bus and antagonizes Brian. That night, while sleeping in Eric\'s room for a bet, Brian hears a loud noise, the source of which quickly disappears under Eric\'s bed. The next night, a determined Brian sets booby traps and captures the intruder: a blue-skinned monster named Maurice. Though scared at first, Brian soon discovers that he and Maurice share the same interests and befriends him. Over the course of several nights, Maurice shows him a fun time in the monster world beneath Eric\'s bed. It consists of every child\'s dream: all the junk food and video games they want, and no adults to tell them what to do. It also has innumerable staircases leading to the spaces beneath children\'s beds, from which the monsters cause trouble. Maurice and Brian have fun making mischief in other people\'s homes, and Brian feels he has found a true friend at last &ndash; although Brian seems to be changing. He learns that he is turning into a monster, as his body parts shrink when the light hits him. This changes Brian\'s mind about Maurice and he saws off the legs of all the beds in the house. Due to Maurice\'s failure to convert Brian , Eric is kidnapped by Snik  through the couch bed in the living room. Brian enlists the help of his friends. Gathering an assortment of bright lights, they enter the monster universe in search of Eric. "Zapping" various monsters along the way, they march to the master staircase, where Boy, the ruler of the monster world, resides. Boy offers to let Eric go if Brian agrees to convert, but Brian refuses. The bright lights are destroyed and they are all placed with Maurice in a locked room. They manage to escape by turning Maurice into a pile of clothes  and slide him through the door crack. They re-arm themselves with more powerful light and destroy Boy, explode Snik , and rescue Eric.  The kids appear to have lost until Maurice appears with a flamethrower. He sets Snik ablaze, allowing Brian and the others to escape. Unfortunately, they find that they cannot return home because the sun has risen. Faced with the prospect of turning into monsters if they do not return to the human world by sunrise, the children travel in the monster world from the Atlantic time zone to Malibu where the sun has not risen yet and they manage to escape. Brian and Maurice share a heartfelt goodbye, and Maurice gives Brian his bomber jacket to remember him by.'] ['Barbie tells a story to her little sister Kelly, who does not have confidence in her painting abilities. Rapunzel lives as a servant to the witch Gothel, who resides in a manor isolated in the woods. She grows up believing that Gothel saved her from abandonment as an infant. Rapunzel finds companionship in Penelope, an outgoing dragon, and Hobie, a worrisome rabbit. Rapunzel spends what free time she has painting beautiful pictures of places she dreams of going when she is free one day. However, Gothel disapproves of Rapunzel\'s hobbies and accuses her of not appreciating everything that Gothel has done for her. While preparing tea for Gothel, Penelope accidentally finds a secret staircase which leads to an old room below the manor. In it they discover a gift from her parents who allegedly deserted her: a silver hairbrush engraved with the following: “Constant as the stars above, always know that you are loved. To our daughter, Rapunzel on her first birthday. With Love Forever, Mother and Father.” These words leave the young artist questioning her past for the first time. Her diversion is quickly interrupted by Gothel’s calls for tea. After serving Gothel her meal, Rapunzel and her friends revisit the cellar where Peneolope exposes yet another secret: a tunnel leading to the nearby village. Rapunzel takes this path to the small kingdom and is able to rescue a princess named Katrina from a pitfall. Soon after, Rapunzel is introduced to Katrina’s elder brother, the handsome Prince Stefan. He explains to her that the trap Katrina managed to escape was put there by King Wilhelm, the ruler of an opposing kingdom. Enchanted by the mysterious maiden, Stefan asks to meet her again, to which she agrees, though their meeting is ended abruptly before Stefan could tell her his name when she quickly rushes back to the woods to avoid being discovered by Gothel. Unknown to Rapunzel, Gothel\'s pet ferret, Otto, has witnessed the entire exchange. Angered, Gothel demands Rapunzel tell her the boy\'s name. Rapunzel insists that she does not know it but Gothel does not believe her, thinking she has been lying to her despite that she knew his existence. Rapunzel tells her that she cannot keep her locked away forever to which Gothel responds: Watch me. Gothel destroys Rapunzel\'s paint and paintings before transforming her bedroom into a tall tower and stations Hugo, Penelope\'s father, outside. Gothel refuses to let Rapunzel go until she tells her the name of the boy she met. That night, Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her tower. He came up by climbing her long hair. When up there, they are about to kiss, but Gothel shows up and separates them. Rapunzel then wakes up and reads the engraving on the hairbrush. She realizes that there is still hope. Going back to sleep, a shower of light turns the hairbrush into a paintbrush. It is revealed that Gothel is the fiendish puppet-master of the whole feud and is enjoying watching the two kings attempt to destroy one another. Rapunzel is left alone with Hobie and Penelope, who cheer her up with new paint to replace the ones taken away from by Gothel. Hobie discovers the paintbrush and Rapunzel begins to paint. It soon becomes clear that she doesn\'t need paint and whatever she paints becomes real. Rapunzel paints the village and then steps through, arriving at the palace gardens and meets Stefan. She shows him the brush and asks for help to find its maker but insists that he never tell her his name. She meets a silversmith who says his brother made it, who lives in Wilhelm\'s side. The silversmith has not seen his brother in years, making him very upset. Stefan realizes that the feud is hurting the villagers more than he realized. Afterward, Stefan asks Rapunzel to a masked ball. She replies that she will meet him there. He tells that her hair is a \'beautiful give away.\' Penelope soon arrives explaining that Gothel is coming and they must leave so that Hugo will not be hurt. Rapunzel leaves and paints a way out. When back at the tower, Rapunzel uses the paintbrush to paint herself a beautiful gown. Hobie and Penelope provide a mask. Unfortunately, the paintbrushes light can be seen and Otto sneaks in. He quickly steals the invitation without their notice and presents it to Gothel. Angered, she arrives at the tower and slices off Rapunzel\'s hair and breaks the paintbrush into pieces. She also manages to destroy the painting of the village. Because she thinks Rapunzel refused to tell the truth, Gothel puts a spell around her tower, which holds people who lie forever and can never be broken. Gothel then storms to King Frederick and Stefan\'s castle, intent on destroying them. Back at the tower, Rapunzel manages to escape with the help of Penelope and Hugo, as the spell only works if the prisoner is a liar, which Rapunzel is not. She then rushes to save Stefan. Stefan is lured away from the part by Gothel, who is disguised as Rapunzel. Gothel reveals herself and begins her attack. King Wilhelm appears before King Frederick, hoping to end the feud by force. It is revealed that the source of the feud is that Wilhelm believes Frederick kidnapped his daughter, who has been missing since she was an infant. Frederick replies that he planned nothing of the sort and he has no idea where Wilhelm\'s daughter is, to which Gothel reveals that she took Rapunzel because Wilhelm "loved" her but married another woman, as he saw her only as a friend. Rapunzel arrives just in time to stop them from fighting and Wilhelm recognizes her as his daughter. A battle ensues, and Gothel begins to attack Rapunzel with magic. As Rapunzel runs into the royal maze she remembers the magic painting of the tower and tricks Gothel into running into it. She finds herself in Rapunzel\'s tower, which Hugo reminds her she can\'t escape as she has a lying heart. Rapunzel is reunited with her father and mother, and marries Stefan, thus their fathers reconcile to re-unite their kingdoms, with Hugo, Penelope, Hobie living in the castle with them. It is revealed that Otto now serves Gothel but it is implied that she died soon after. A shot is seen of Rapunzel and Stefan walking along a beach, which is the same one as Rapunzel painted with a castle in the distance, implying her dreams came true. The scene becomes the painting Barbie had been working on. Kelly now feels better and begins painting with blue which turns into the credits.'] ["The story is being told by Barbie to her little sister Kelly, who is feeling uneasy about being at camp overnight for the first time. She remembers the story while looking at constellations, being started on after finding Cygnus. The story begins with Odette dancing in her father's bakery. Odette feels happy because she knows how to dance a ballet dance which is to be very hard to handle or to be practiced. Her sister is also shown as a fast horse rider. A unicorn named Lila arrives in the village and manages to escape hunters and runs into an Enchanted Forest with the curious Odette on her heels. Lila becomes trapped and Odette unknowingly removes a magic crystal , unaware that the Fairy Queen is watching,then Odette was shocked with what is happening. She uses it to free Lila and the Fairy Queen tells Odette that she is the chosen one for the crystal chose her by letting her take it away from the tree. She explains that Odette is the one who will purge the evil plaguing the forest, the Fairy Queen's cousin, Rothbart. Odette, not wanting to get mixed up in the situation, refuses. The Fairy Queen complies but sends Lila to escort her out and give one last try at convincing her. Rothbart appears in the wood with his daughter, cornering Odette by a tree. There she is trapped and transformed into a swan by the evil wizard, who wants to use Odette and the crystal to defeat his enemy the Fairy Queen. The Fairy Queen is able to partially counter the spell so that Odette retains her human form by night, although she will still have to turn into a swan by day. Odette also meets the other elves of the forest: Carlita, now a skunk, Ivan, a porcupine as well as a few others. Odette's father and sister, Marie, start looking for her, afraid because Odette is missing. Prince Daniel, the prince living in the castle in Odette's village, is introduced. A spirited man, he prefers exploring rather than marriage, much to the dismay of his mother. The fairy queen also gives Odette a crown with the crystal in it that will protect her from Rothbart. Odette is determined to find a solution to the problem and goes to a magical library to find it. However, they are unable to locate the book and Odette is disheartened. Rothbart lures Prince Daniel into the forest, determined to get him to hunt Odette. However, Daniel is captivated by the swan's beauty and decides to let it live. The two soon fall in love when he sees her true form.They dance gracefully and afterwards Odette transform into a swan. Daniel asks Odette to a ball, but at first she denies until he finally convinces her to come. Odette agrees. Soon, Erasmus-the troll in charge of the library- arrives, having found the book. He reveals to them that the solution is true love. Realizing that Daniel can save them all, the Fairy Queen teaches Odette how to waltz at the ball but are interrupted when Erasmus is kidnapped. They manage to save him but Rothbart learns of what will be his downfall. So, he transforms his daughter Odile to look like Odette in the eyes of Daniel. Odette races to get to Daniel but is too late. At the ball Prince Daniel pledges his love to Odile, thinking her to be Odette. Odette, who was trapped outside in swan form, is unable to tell Daniel about the trick. Odette falls to the ground, the crystal having lost its power and she is mortally weakened. Rothbart reveals the truth and he and Odile escape. Daniel runs after them and the Fairy Queen attempts to revive Odette, who is barely alive. However, Rothbart turns her  into a mouse and attempts to kill Odette and Daniel. The two fall onto each other, their hands intertwined. At that moment, the crystal's power explodes outwards, stopping Rothbart, as they two were truly in love. The two awaken and all of Rothbart's evil is undone. At last, Odette and Prince Daniel confess their love for each other. Everyone from the village and the Enchanted forest celebrate. It is revealed that Odette and Daniel are to be married and are finally happy. Rothbart gets his just dessert as he is now a Cuckoo Clock while Odile is a maid. At the end, it is shown the story has given Kelly a new resolve and she promises she will participate in the race the following day. She yawns and heads off to bed, with Barbie smiling behind her."] ['Every year, all of the classic Hollywood monsters (consisting of Frankenstein\'s monster, his wife Repulsa, a Mummy, the Witch Sisters, Bone Jangles the [[Skeleton  gather at Count Dracula\'s castle in Transylvania for the "Monster Road Rally", an ultimate road race similar to Wacky Races, awarding the winner with the "Monster of the Year" award as well as many other prizes only monsters would enjoy . This year however, Dracula receives a postcard from the Wolfman stating that he has retired to Florida and will not be participating. Lacking one of the most well known monsters, Dracula fears they will have to cancel the race. Luckily, Dracula\'s minion Wolfgong notifies him there is another option, namely, to create a new werewolf. After searching an old book for information on who is next in line to become the next werewolf, it is revealed that it is none other than Shaggy Rogers . Dracula sends his hunchbacked henchmen  to America to transform Shaggy into a werewolf and bring him back to his castle. After a few thwarted attempts, the Hunch Bunch manage to transform Shaggy by exposing him to moonlight while he is at a drive in movie with Scooby, Scrappy, and his girlfriend Googie in his customized race car. The Hunch Bunch then picks up the car using their "bat-copter" and flies the group back to Transylvania. Here, Shaggy is informed that he was chosen to be the next werewolf and that he must participate in the monster race. Shaggy, wanting to return to his normal life, is displeased with his current situation. Ultimately, however, Shaggy chooses to make a deal with Dracula, and states that he\'ll only race under the condition that if he wins, Dracula must return him back to his human state, and allow him and his friends to leave. Dracula agrees but secretly begins planning ways to keep Shaggy from winning. After being kept up most of the night, driving the severely detuned wolf-wagon in the race, being sent on misleading detours, rescuing Scrappy and Googie from traps, and dodging dangerous monsters and magic spells, he even sends Ghengis Kong who grabs Scooby and tickles his tummy, Shaggy manages to win. Dracula refuses to revert the spell, claiming he had his fangs crossed when they made the agreement. The heroes steal Dracula\'s spell book and make their getaway. Dracula chases them in his weaponized car and then his plane, where the four only barely manage to dodge Dracula\'s powerful gadgets, but a thunderstorm ensues and Dracula\'s plane is struck, sending him plummeting into the ocean below where he is chased off by a shark. In the end, Googie uses the book to change Shaggy back to normal and the group is happy for him to be normal. That night, the gang all sit down to watch another horror movie, but Dracula, Brunch and Crunch sneak up behind their window.'] [' The Beast  and Belle  plan to eat together, and the Beast asks for advice from Lumiere . While Cogsworth  escorts Belle to the dining room, they come across the castle\'s well-meaning but rather verbose writer, Webster , turned into a dictionary, whom Belle invites to join them in the dining room . During the meal, while Belle explains a story she has been reading to the Beast, the Beast gets sweaty and demands that the windows be opened, despite there being a drought and the other servants getting cold. The Beast and Belle get into an argument, and the Beast strikes Webster off the table when the latter begins giving unwanted synonyms to Belle\'s insults. Subsequently, they both stop speaking to each other, despite Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to patch things up. Eventually, Webster, feeling guilty for his part, forges a letter of apology from the Beast to Belle with his friends, a pile of papers named Crane  and a quill named LePlume . Belle sees the letter, and makes amends with the Beast. That night, however, the truth comes out, and after a furious chase around the castle, Beast catches and banishes Webster, Crane and LePlume for the forgery, throwing them into the forest. Belle ventures out and brings them back, and the Beast, touched by Belle\'s sympathy, forgives the three and allows them back in, realizing that their intentions were good. The moral of this story being how easy it is to forgive.  On the anniversary of Lumiere\'s first date with Fifi , Lumiere grows so nervous to the point that he cleans himself excessively and turns to Belle for advice, by walking with her in the garden and reciting what he plans to say to Fifi to her. Fifi overhears this, and believes that Lumiere and Belle are having an affair behind her back. In reality, Lumiere has planned a surprise snow ride around the castle gardens with Fifi. To get back at Lumiere, Fifi attempts to seduce Cogsworth, who is apparently not interested. In the end, things are cleared up and Lumiere and Fifi go for the ride, but the pot they are sitting in slips off the edge of the balcony and hangs over the moat (the same chasm in which [[Gaston . Lumiere holds onto Fifi for while hanging for dear life, and tells her he loves her. Before they can fall, Belle, Cogsworth and a few more servants arrive and get them back to safety. In this story everyone learns that "sometimes things are just as they seem."  Mrs. Potts is feeling depressed due to dreadful weather, and Belle, who has come to look at Mrs. Potts as a mother figure, decides to cheer her up by throwing a surprise party for her, all the while without waking the sleeping Beast . However, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s rivalry gets in the way, in fields such as composing music, Mrs. Potts\' favourite flowers , and the cake\'s flavors. Eventually, Lumiere and Cogsworth\'s attempts to sabotage one another\'s decisions comes to a point where the baking cake explodes and makes a complete mess in the kitchen. Lumiere and Cogsworth, after a scolding from Belle, decide to put their rivalry behind them for good and work together to make a small surprise for Mrs. Potts. The plan goes well, and Mrs. Potts is cured of her depression, and the sun finally shines again. In this story, everyone learned the great power of cooperation and compromises.  Belle and Beast arrange to have lunch together again, but an injured bird accidentally flies into Belle\'s room, and she forgets her arrangement, instead paying more attention to the bird. Beast discovers this, and flies into a rage, trying to catch the bird, but he trips over Cogsworth and hits his head hard on the floor. This strips him of his hatred for birds, but his selfishness drives him to lock the bird in a cage and demand that he sing for him when he pleases, but the obviously saddened and frightened bird refuses. Meanwhile, Cogsworth feels he is losing control over his staff, and demands their respect with harsh treatment. In the meantime, Belle convinces Beast otherwise, and he releases the bird once its wing is cured, but the bird, still too weak, begins to fall, and Beast rushes to rescue it. In the process, Cogsworth falls from the West Wing balcony and into the garden, but is unhurt, and learns that you cannot demand respect, but you can earn it by giving it. And Belle and Beast make amends, and Beast learns to treat people and animals with respect and compassion.'] ["The film opens with the young boy Nemo experiencing a nightmare in which he is pursued by a locomotive. Upon awakening the next day, he goes to see a parade welcoming a traveling circus. However, Nemo is unable to see the circus because his father and his mother are too busy to act as his chaperones. Later that night, Nemo imitates sleepwalking in an attempt to sneak some pie away, which acts against a promise he had made earlier to his mother. Upon falling asleep that night, Nemo is approached by figures from the parade. The circus organist introduces himself as Professor Genius and claims that they had been sent on a mission by King Morpheus, the king of a realm named Slumberland. The mission involves Nemo becoming the playmate of the princess, Camille. Although Nemo initially has reservations about interacting with royalty of the opposite gender, he decides to set off to fulfill his mission. Nemo is taken to Slumberland in a dirigible which he is allowed to drive, causing some chaos and is introduced to King Morpheus, who doubles as the circus ringmaster in Earth. Morpheus reveals that he summoned Nemo to become his heir to the throne. Morpheus gives Nemo a golden key and warns him of a door with a dragon insignia that must never be opened. Nemo is introduced to Princess Camille and the pair roam the entirety of Slumberland together. Afterward, Nemo meets the mischievous clown, Flip, who angers a group of cops and forces him and Nemo to hide out in an underground cave. There, Nemo discovers the door that Morpheus warned him not to open. Flip tempts Nemo into unlocking the door, which unleashes the dreaded Nightmare King. Nemo rushes back to Morpheus' castle in time for his coronation ceremony, where Nemo is handed the royal scepter, the only thing capable of defeating the Nightmare King should he ever return to Slumberland. In the middle of a dance session between Morpheus and Genius, the Nightmare King reaches the castle and steals Morpheus away. As the partygoers search for a scapegoat, Flip reveals Nemo to be responsible for the Nightmare King's escape. Nemo awakens in his home, which floods with seawater and ejects him into the ocean. Genius discovers Nemo and tells him not to blame himself for all that has happened. When the two return to Slumberland, Flip reveals that he has a map to Nightmare Land, where Morpheus is currently being held. Nemo, Camille, Flip, and Genius set off in a tugboat in search of Morpheus. They are soon sucked into a whirlpool and find themselves in the monster-infested Nightmare Land. The four come across a group of shapeshifting goblins who wish to aid in the quest to find Morpheus. The Nightmare King sends a flock of giant bats to seize the rescue party. Nemo attempts to use the scepter, but awakens in his bed instead. The goblins appear in Nemo's room and the group travels to Nightmare Castle by flying through a hole in the sky. However, they are subsequently imprisoned in the castle, where the Nightmare King demands possession of the scepter. Nemo soon uses the scepter to finally eliminate and defeat the Nightmare King. Slumberland celebrates the fall of the Nightmare Kingdom, after which Nemo once more awakens in his room. Nemo's parents finally agree to chaperone Nemo during his visit to the circus."] ['Having spent a good deal of time enjoying the company of their newfound family and friends at Witch Mountain and intensively studying and practicing their supernatural powers, it is decided that Tony and Tia deserve a vacation in Los Angeles, California. Uncle Bené drops them off in their flying saucer in the Rose Bowl Stadium, after which they quickly become separated from each other. Dr. Gannon and Letha happen to see Tony using his powers, kidnap him, and successfully test the doctor\'s new mind-control technology on him. With Tony at his robotic bidding, Dr. Gannon hopes to achieve recognition within the scientific community and worldwide power, while Letha merely wants a return on her investment.  Tia must find Tony and foil the villains\' nefarious plans. Fortunately, a group of would-be toughs, called the Earthquake Gang, and hapless truant officer Mr. Yokomoto&nbsp;— whom the toughs call "Yo-Yo"&nbsp;— come to her aid.'] ['The story begins in an area known as the "Kingdom of Trolls", where a troll named Stanley  resides. Stanley has a magical green thumb producing beautiful flowers at a touch. When he is discovered doing so, the other trolls take him a prisoner to Gnorga , the Queen of the Trolls, who concludes that Stanley "gives a bad name to trolls everywhere" and demands that he be turned to stone. At the behest of her consort and husband, King Llort , Gnorga instead banishes Stanley to Central Park where, after a series of mishaps in New York, Stanley hides himself under a bridge. In Manhattan, two children named Gus and Rosie  learn that their father  and mother  are busy and cannot take them to Central Park; whereupon, being left alone, Gus takes Rosie to the Park himself. While playing with Gus\'s toy boat, Rosie discovers Stanley, and befriends him. When Queen Gnorga discovers that Stanley is happy in exile, she causes Gus to cry a raging sea to drown them all, but Stanley changes Gus\'s toy into a larger boat wherein to escape, and therein shows the children a vision of his own ideals, which manifest as a world of his own. Determined to suppress Stanley, Queen Gnorga sends a tornado to destroy Central Park, and seizes Rosie; whereupon Gus, having failed to persuade Stanley\'s help, goes to face Gnorga and rescue Rosie from her. In the resulting fight, Gnorga changes Gus into a troll, while Stanley rescues Rosie. Having arrived, Stanley challenges Gnorga to a thumb-wrestling match, which when Stanley gains advantage, places roses on Gnorga\'s body. As Stanley, Gus, and Rosie escape, Gnorga uses Gus to turn Stanley into stone; whereupon Gus and Rosie fall into their apartment and the last of Stanley\'s power changes Gnorga into a rose bush. Gnorga, Llort, and their dog then return to the Kingdom of Trolls, while Gus returns to his human form. The next day, Gus, Rosie, and their parents enter Central Park, where Gus and Rosie place the petrified Stanley on a makeshift pedestal, and attempt to revive him without apparent effect, only to find him revived after a moment\'s pause. Restored to life, the troll recreates Central Park and covers Manhattan with flowering plants. In the Kingdom of Trolls, Llort takes Gnorga\'s place as a kinder ruler.'] ['The film opens somewhere in the late 17th century with two pirate ships fighting. The prince, Alexander of Monterria, is captured by Robert the Terrible, his ruthless uncle. The other pirates search the ship for the princess, Eloise, but miss her hiding spot and leave. When Eloise and her butler Willory  emerge, she sends a device that her father made, a "Helpseeker," to find heroes to save Alexander. It evades the pirates on the ship and jumps into the sea. The film jumps to the present where George , Sedgewick , and Elliot  are working at a pirate-themed dinner theater. Sedgewick, who is very lazy, has invented a remote-controlled toy truck with a claw arm  to help him do things he doesn\'t feel like doing - though when his girlfriend Ellen asks him to get her some barbecue sauce, it is out of range of his toy and he refuses to make the effort himself. Elliot has a list of things he\'s afraid of, and when his girlfriend Bernadette  asks him to get the barbecue sauce, he says the back room is dark and therefore "on his list." George, who lacks self-respect, does what everyone tells him; his children, George Jr and Lucy, idolize the star of the show, Sir Frederick. Elliot, Sedgewick, and George want to be seen as heroes by their loved ones, but since they\'re only cabin boys, they think that their dream is unattainable. After the show, while they are cleaning up, an old blind man appears out of nowhere, prophesying that an adventure awaits for them and that "the stage is set for the heroes at hand." Elliot thinks this means that if they all audition, they\'ll be cast in the show. After their disastrous audition , they are fired and thrown into the alley, where they find the Helpseeker and are teleported to the 17th century. Meeting Eloise and Willory, they set off to Jolly Joe\'s, a known pirate hang-out, where they learn it was Robert who kidnapped the prince in the hopes of exacting revenge on the king, Robert\'s brother. They also learn that the clues to find Robert\'s fortress are hidden in a cave past the Rocks of Malabar. They do find the clues there, but Sedgewick happens across what appears to be a pool of cheese curls, his favorite snack, and decides to stay on the island and relax instead of pursuing Robert. When George and Elliot return to the beach, they discover that Robert\'s men have taken their boat and captured Eloise and Willory. They head out to follow the clues: go east to the isle of walking rocks, and through the clapping pass. Back in the cave, the cheese curls turn out to be alive - and vicious. Sedgewick is attacked and, in his desperation to escape being eaten by his own favorite food, discovers he can do anything without giving up. When George and Elliot get to the isle, the rocks, which are really large rock-monsters , start to surround them, but then Sedgewick arrives, having now swum across the ocean followed by the cheese curls. The rocks find the curls amusing and start to interact with them. The pass opens and one of the rock-monsters helps them get through it. Within the hidden bay, they quickly find Robert\'s fortress, which is apparently unguarded, but a giant serpent attacks their ship. George and Sedgewick are terrified, but Elliot, overcoming his fear, realizes the guardian is actually just a mechanical device; when it "eats him," he is able to shut the machine down from inside and save his friends. They rescue the prince and princess, with the help of Sedgewick\'s "labor-saving device," only to be stopped by Robert. Finding his self-respect at last, George uses a chandelier to knock Robert down. They escape through the fortress\'s cistern, with Robert in hot pursuit. Back in the bay, Robert\'s ship opens fire on the heroes, but the king shows up just in time, and Robert goes down with his ship. The king gives them medals for their good work, reminding them that heroes aren\'t necessarily strong or handsome or dashing, but in fact anyone who does what he or she knows is right no how matter hard the situation. The Helpseeker returns them to the restaurant, just in time for the Friday night show, but Robert has stowed away on their trip back and attacks Sir Frederick, mistaking him for George. A final showdown with Robert sends him back to his own time. The audience cheers wildly, including their loved ones, and George\'s children respect him at last. Offered a second chance to be in the show, they refuse, saying that life has plenty of adventure of its own... as the Helpseeker blinks once again.'] ["A strange virus from a new game based on the Mystery Gang's past adventures comes to life and tries to scare away the game's creator, so Mystery, Inc. themselves come to help their friend. They come to the college where the game was created and learn from their friend and the creator Eric, that the virus has assumed a lifelike form and is now rampant across the campus. The gang goes on the hunt for the mysterious computer virus. Unfortunately, they somehow get pulled into the game after a mysterious villain activates the game in cyberspace. Left with no other choice but to complete the game in order to escape it, the gang fights their way through ten levels of mystery and adventure, with the goal of finding a box of Scooby Snax in order to complete each level. All the while, their efforts are impeded by the phantom virus. They finally reach the game's final level, where they meet their virtual counterparts . They team up to defeat the phantom virus, who wreaks havoc across the final level and summon various monsters from the gang's past. To make matters worse, the monsters are real. The climax takes the two gangs to a carnival, where they fight off the creatures and attempt to retrieve the last box of Scooby Snax. During the fight, they use magnets to fight the virus, whom they discover is severely weakened by magnetic forces. They distract the virus long enough for Scooby to retrieve the Scooby Snax,when Scooby Doo retrieves the Snax Scooby howls out his name, beating the game and destroying the phantom virus. The real gang bids farewell to their virtual selves and head home. Back in the lab, the gang reveals that they know the culprit, who happens to be Eric's best friend and lab partner Bill . Bill is arrested and reveals that he sought to sabotage Eric's chances of winning the big cash prize at the science fair, out of jealousy for the fact that Eric was a more recent student than Bill was, and felt more deserving to win and he beamed Scooby and the gang into the game and hoped they wouldn't live because he was afraid that they would find out who created the virus. The gang and Eric play a new Scooby-Doo game, during which Scooby interacts with the gang's virtual counterparts once again by feeding Cyber Scooby some Scooby Snax."] [' Before Shrek and Donkey rescue Princess Fiona in the first film, King Harold and Queen Lillian – desperate to lift their daughter\'s curse – meet with con artist Rumpelstiltskin, who wishes to become King of Far Far Away in exchange for helping them. But before the deal is contracted, the king and queen learn that Fiona has been rescued. Rumpelstiltskin is then shown to have become washed up as a result and subsequently bitter towards Shrek for inadvertently ruining his plans. In the present, Shrek has steadily grown tired of being a family man and celebrity among the local villagers, leading him to yearn for the days when he felt like a "real ogre". He takes his family to Far Far Away to celebrate his children\'s first birthday. Shrek gets annoyed when the three little pigs eat the kids\' cake along with most of the other party food. A boy named Butterpants  demands that Shrek roar. After he lets out a frustrated roar the entire crowd cheers, reinforcing his belief that no one considers him to be a true ogre. This coupled with the fact that the birthday cakes were decorated with a "cute" Ogre named "Sprinkles" finally makes Shrek snap and he smashes the new birthday cake in anger. He and Fiona argue outside about his reaction which ends with Shrek rashly agreed that he was happier before he\'d rescued her. After storming off, Shrek encounters Rumpelstiltskin. Rumpel, who had observed Shrek\'s angry outburst with Fiona, seizes his chance. He follows Shrek and arranges what appears to be an accident where he is trapped under his carriage. Shrek helps him and Rumpel being "grateful", gives Shrek a ride and a meal. When Shrek voices his frustrations, Rumpel offers to give Shrek a day to live like a real ogre in exchange for a day from his childhood that he would not remember being erased. Shrek signs the contract and appears in a reality where he is still feared by villagers. He takes the opportunity to cause some light hearted mischief until he finds wanted posters for the ogress Fiona and his home deserted and desolate. He is kidnapped by witches and taken to Rumpelstiltskin, now the King of Far Far Away and possibly Emperor of a good deal more, which has become derelict and run down. Rumpelstiltskin uses ogres and some of Shrek\'s friends as slave labor. Upon inquiry, Rumpelstiltskin reveals that the day he erased was the day that Shrek was born. Therefore, Shrek never saved Fiona, never met Donkey, and consequently Rumpelstiltskin was able to get Harold and Lillian to sign their kingdom away, then cause them to disappear. When the day ends, Shrek will fade from existence. Shrek escapes Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle with Donkey. Initially terrified of Shrek, Donkey decides to trust him after seeing Shrek cry over his lost past, something he had never seen an ogre do before. After Shrek explains the situation, Donkey helps him find a loophole: the contract will be nullified if Shrek and Fiona share true love\'s kiss. Shrek and Donkey first travel to the dragon\'s keep where Fiona was kept and find the place deserted and the lava from the crater under the castle has been drained. They soon encounter a band of ogres who are resisting Rumpelstiltskin. The ogres are led by Fiona, who is still cursed after escaping from the tower where she was held captive, and keeps the retired and overweight Puss in Boots as a pet. Shrek does everything he can to gain Fiona\'s love, but she is too busy preparing an ambush on Rumpelstiltskin. She is also bitterly cynical and disillusioned about the power of true love and throws herself into planning Rumpelstiltskin\'s capture. While sparring with her, Fiona begins to like Shrek, but stops short of kissing him. Shrek is discouraged, but Puss encourages him to continue pursuing Fiona. During the ambush, the ogres are captured by the Pied Piper, though Shrek and Fiona managed to escape with the intervention of Puss and Donkey. Shrek insists Fiona kiss him, saying it will fix everything, but because Fiona does not truly love him it is ineffective. Upon hearing that Rumpelstiltskin is offering anything desired by the one who captures Shrek, Shrek surrenders himself in exchange for all the ogres being released. Fiona remains in custody because she is only an ogre by night . Shrek and Fiona are to be fed to Dragon, but Donkey, Puss and the ogres raid Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle, allowing Shrek and Fiona to both subdue Dragon and capture Rumpelstiltskin. As the sun rises, Shrek begins to fade from existence. But Fiona, having fallen in love with him, kisses him just before he disappears, thereby voiding the contract and restoring the world to just before Shrek originally lashed out at everyone. Shrek embraces his friends and family with a newfound appreciation for everything he has, truly living happily ever after.'] ['Sora, Umi and Ao are three school-aged girls who will tackle any job: delivering lunches, to doing your homework and cleaning smokestacks, in order to amass enough money to buy a nearby island and make their own country. However, they have encountered their biggest challenge yet: to convince a boy, Rikku, to go back to school when they themselves do not go.'] ['In 1816 in Germany Clara\'s family are celebrating on Christmas Eve. Clara is jealous because her sister, Louise, has a boyfriend, leaving her feeling sad and wondering about growing up. She immediately cheers up when the eccentric Uncle Drosselmeier arrives at their home with special gifts: a fully automated toy castle for everyone, and a Nutcracker for Clara. Upon giving her the Nutcracker, Drosselmeier tells her a story about how the Nutcracker came to be the Prince of the Dolls.  In Sweden in 1190, 707 years previously in Stockholm, there was a King and Queen who had a beautiful  daughter named Princess Pirlipat. To celebrate the King\'s birthday, the Queen ordered a special cake made out of blue cheese, the King\'s favorite. However, the scent of the cheese drew out all the mice, who ate and destroyed the cake. The King was enraged and commanded his inventor, whose name happened to be Drosselmeier, to capture all the mice. Drosselmeier and his nephew Hans were successful in capturing all the mice except the Mouse Queen and her only son. In revenge, the Mouse Queen cast a spell on Pirlipat, causing her to become hideously ugly. Drosselmeier was once again given the task of figuring out how to cure her. He eventually learned that the fabled Krakatooth Nut can cure her, on the condition that it is cracked open in the teeth of a young man who has never worn boots. The King commanded all the princes and noblemen to apply, with the promise of marrying Pirlipat once she is cured. However, the Krakatooth is so hard that all the men\'s teeth shatter upon trying to crack it. Drosselmeier is about to be punished for being unable to cure Pirlipat when Hans steps in. He manages to crack the nut open between his teeth and gives it to Pirlipat, breaking the spell. The angered Mouse Queen then casts a spell on Hans, turning him into the Prince of the Dolls. Hans collapses and transforms into a Nutcracker. During the ruckus, the Mouse Queen is crushed by a falling statue and her son\'s tail is caught and bent. He survives and declares himself the Mouse King. Drosselmeier is exiled from the kingdom for trying to pass a "Nutcracker as a son-in-law", while the King and Queen celebrate with their now-cured daughter. As Drosselmeier holds Hans, the Mouse King vows revenge upon Hans for ruining his tail.  Clara is upset by the story for its unhappy ending, but is consoled when Drosselmeier tells her that the spell can be broken if he defeats the Mouse King and wins the hand of a fair maiden. While playing with his toy soldiers, Clara\'s brother Fritz breaks the Nutcracker. Clara is heartbroken but Drosselmeier promises to fix it for her. That night, when everyone has gone to sleep, Clara ventures into the sitting room to dance with her Nutcracker and introduces him to her dolls, Trudy, Marie and Pantaloon, an old general in Fritz\'s toy soldier army. Suddenly the Mouse King and his army of mice arrive, intent on getting his revenge on the Nutcracker for his injured tail. Drosselmeier appears on the grandfather clock and brings the Nutcracker and all the dolls and soldiers in the room to life. The Nutcracker, who has no memories following being transformed, battles the Mouse King while the soldiers fight the mice. Clara saves the Nutcracker from the Mouse King by throwing her slipper at him. The first battle comes to a halt, though, when she slips on a cannonball and crashes into the clock, losing consciousness for the rest of the night. The next morning, she awakens in her own bed and tries to tell her mother about the battle, only to be told to rest. Drosselmeier visits with the repaired but now lifeless Nutcracker, giving only vague answers to Clara\'s questions about the previous night. The next night, the Mouse King returns, angry about what Clara has done. Before he can go after the Nutcracker once more, Clara tricks him, briefly trapping him in her room. However, when she retrieves the unawakened toy, the Mouse King has escaped and threatens to harm her kitten, Pavlova, if she doesn\'t hand the Nutcracker over. Suddenly, Drosselmeier reappears and the toys awaken once more. The Nutcracker tells Clara not to worry, but then is cut by the mouse king. This leads into a fearsome fight under the Christmas tree. The Mouse King is supposedly defeated when he is stabbed in the chest and falls off the tree to his death. The leaderless army of mice run away amid the cheering toys. When everyone see that Pantaloon has been injured in the fight, they have to return to the Land of the Dolls to revive him. Clara is then shrunken down to doll size thanks to Drosselmeier\'s magic and they enter the Land of the Dolls through the toy castle. As they leave, Pavlova goes to inspect the Mouse King\'s body, but is frightened away by a sudden growl.  The Nutcracker, Clara, Pantaloon, Trudy and Marie arrive at the Land of Dolls on flying swans, passing forests of Christmas trees and arriving at a palace made of sweets. Once they are there, Pantaloon is cured. The Nutcracker is given a royal welcome as the Prince of the Dolls amid many cheering toys. Clara shares a romantic dance with the Nutcracker, who takes her by the hand and gets down on one knee. He then asks her to stay with him and be his princess. Clara is ready to embrace her childhood fantasies and her beloved companion but sadly refuses; she wishes she could, but the adventures of growing up and her family are still waiting for her. The dolls start to turn back into inanimate toys, and a dying Mouse King suddenly arrives for one last chance at revenge. The Nutcracker tries to save her, but slowly turns back into a toy himself. Clara tries to keep the Mouse King at bay, but he corners her on a balcony. As he strikes, he falls off the castle to his death in the river below, almost taking Clara with him. Clara pulls herself back up and finds the castle is completely abandoned. She tearfully cries out for her Nutcracker as mist fills the lonely palace.  Clara wakes up to find herself back home. There is no sign of the events that she has experienced except her brother\'s statement that Pavlova discovered a large dead mouse near the toy castle. Clara rushes downstairs to find the Nutcracker missing. She runs to Uncle Drosselmeier\'s workshop where he seems to be expecting her. She begs him to tell her whether the fairytale he told her was true. Clara is suddenly silenced when a young boy enters the room, carrying a big clock. Drosselmeier introduces the boy as his nephew Hans, whom Clara recognizes as her beloved Nutcracker in his human form. The film ends with the Nutcracker and Clara addressing each other. "Hello, Clara." The Nutcracker says and then she replies "Hello, Nutcracker".'] ['A young boy goes to meet a ruined industrialist called the Once-ler in a treeless wasteland and hear his tale of what happened to him. His tragic story documents how he began a thriving business in producing an unnecessary but versatile fashion product called a Thneed derived from the "Truffula trees" native to the land. As his business booms, the forest and its inhabitants suffer as he wantonly clearcuts without regard to the warnings of a wise old creature called The Lorax about the dire consequences of his greed.'] [' Meg Murry is having a difficult time. Her father, astrophysicist Dr. Jack Murry, has mysteriously disappeared. Her youngest brother, Charles Wallace, a genius, is teased and belittled and thought to be stupid because he does not talk to anyone but family. Meg does not get along with her peers, teachers, her 10-year-old twin brothers, or even with herself. Into this unhappy situation comes a stranger, the mysterious, weirdly dressed Mrs Whatsit, and her friends Mrs Who and Mrs Which. They take Meg, Charles Wallace and their new friend Calvin O\'Keefe via tesseract to other planets, preparing the children for a mission to rescue Dr. Murry from the malevolent "IT" on the planet Camazotz. Along the way they ride on the back of a beautiful winged creature , learn about the shadow of tangible evil known as the Black Thing, and visit the Happy Medium. Once they reach Camazotz, however, it is up to Meg, Calvin and Charles Wallace to face the dangers of CENTRAL Central Intelligence, aided only by each other and a pair of Mrs Who\'s glasses. They do find and rescue Dr. Murry, but Charles Wallace is seduced away from his family by IT\'s agent, the Man with Red Eyes, and thus comes under the control of IT. Dr. Murry manages to tesser himself, Meg and Calvin away from Camazotz, but Charles Wallace is left behind, trapped in the mind of IT. Angry with her father, Calvin and herself for leaving Charles Wallace behind, Meg is cared for by the sightless and motherly Aunt Beast on the planet Ixchel, and argues with Mrs Which about returning to rescue her brother. Returning alone to Camazotz, Meg must find a quality in herself—love—to free Charles Wallace, and possibly free the planet Camazotz as well.'] [' Mrs. Brisby , a shy and timid field mouse, lives in a cinderblock with her children in a field on the Fitzgibbons\' farm. She is preparing to move her family out of the field they live in as plowing time approaches; however, her son Timothy has fallen ill. She visits Mr. Ages , another mouse and old friend of her late husband, Jonathan, who diagnoses Timothy with pneumonia and provides her with some medicine from his laboratory. Mr. Ages warns her that Timothy cannot go outside for at least three weeks or he will die. On her way back home she encounters Jeremy , a clumsy but compassionate crow. They both narrowly escape being eaten by the Fitzgibbons\' cat Dragon. The next day, Mrs. Brisby discovers to her horror that Farmer Fitzgibbons has started spring plowing early. Although Auntie Shrew  helps her disable his tractor, Mrs. Brisby knows she must come up with another plan. With the help of Jeremy, she visits the Great Owl , a wise creature living in the nearby woods, to ask for help. He tells her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm and ask for Nicodemus. Mrs. Brisby enters the rose bush and makes her way down to the rats\' home, where she is amazed to see their use of electricity and other human technology. She meets Nicodemus , the wise and mystical leader of the rats, Justin , a kind and friendly rat who is the Captain of the Guards, and a ruthless, power-hungry rat named Jenner . From Nicodemus she learns that many years ago her late husband, along with the rats and Mr. Ages, were once part of a series of experiments at a place known as NIMH . The experiments had boosted their intelligence to human level, allowing them to easily escape. However, the rats have concocted "The Plan", which is to leave the farm and live without stealing electricity from humans. Nicodemus then gives Mrs. Brisby an amulet called \'The Stone\', that gives magical power when its wearer is courageous. Because of her husband\'s prior relationship with the rats, they agree to help Mrs. Brisby move her home out of the path of the plow. She volunteers to drug Dragon, so that they can complete the move safely. Only mice are small enough to fit through the hole leading into the house; Jonathan was killed by Dragon in a previous attempt, while Mr. Ages broke his leg in another. Later that night, she successfully puts the drug into the cat\'s food dish, but the Fitzgibbons\' son Billy catches her and convinces his mother to let him keep her as a pet. While trapped in a birdcage, she overhears a telephone conversation between Farmer Fitzgibbons and NIMH and learns that NIMH intends to come to the farm to exterminate the rats the next day. She manages to escape from the cage and runs off to warn Justin. Meanwhile, the rats are in the process of moving the Brisby home using a rope and pulley system during a thunderstorm. However, Jenner, who is strongly opposed to The Plan and wishes to remain in the rose bush, sabotages the ropes with his hesitant accomplice Sullivan , causing the cinder block to fall and crush Nicodemus, killing him and making it look like an accident. Mrs. Brisby arrives and tries to convince the rats that NIMH is coming and that they must leave immediately, but Jenner, angered by her claims, attacks her and attempts to take the amulet from her neck. Alerted to the situation by Sullivan, Justin rushes to Mrs. Brisby\'s aid; a sword duel between Justin and Jenner ensues, ending with a mortally wounded Sullivan killing Jenner and saving Justin\'s life. Mrs. Brisby suddenly realizes that the house is sinking in the mud it landed in. Despite the best efforts of the rats, they are unable to raise it from the muck. However, Mrs. Brisby\'s will to save her children gives power to the amulet, which she uses to lift the house out of the mud and move it to safety from the plow. The next morning, the rats have already gone to Thorn Valley with Justin as their new leader and Timothy has begun to recover. Jeremy also finds "Miss Right", an equally clumsy crow, and the two fly away together.'] [' Seventeen-year-old Makoto Konno  lives with her family in the Shitamachi area of Tokyo, Japan. Makoto lives with her younger sibling, Miyuki , and her aunt, Kazuko Yoshiyama , is an art restorer at the Tokyo National Museum. One day, when Makoto discovers a message written on a blackboard at her high school, she inadvertently falls upon a mysterious, walnut-shaped object. On her way home, Makoto is ejected into a railroad crossing when she loses control of her bicycle and is struck by a train. She is transported a few minutes back in time to before the accident. Kazuko explains to Makoto that she has the power to "time-leap", to literally leap through time. At first, Makoto uses her power extravagantly to avoid being late, to get perfect grades on tests, and even relive a single karaoke session for an entire hour, but Makoto soon discovers that her actions can adversely affect others. Makoto ends up using up more of her leaps to frivolously prevent undesirable situations from happening, including an awkward love confession from her best friend Chiaki Mamiya . Makoto eventually discovers a numbered tattoo on her arm which counts down with each leap. She determines that the tattoo indicates that she can only leap through time a limited number of times. Using her remaining time leaps, Makoto attempts to make things right for everyone. Makoto impulsively uses her final leap to prevent a phone call from Chiaki asking if she knows about time-leaping. Although Makoto arrives too late to prevent her friend Kōsuke Tsuda  and his new girlfriend, Kaho Fujitani , from being struck by the train, when time suddenly freezes and Makoto discovers Chiaki nearby. Chiaki confesses that he is from the future, the walnut-shaped object is a time-traveling device and he used it to leap through time to see a painting being restored by Kazuko, as it has been destroyed in the future. While walking with Makoto in the frozen city, Chiaki explains the reasons why he stayed longer in her time frame than he planned. He admits to using his final leap to prevent Kōsuke\'s accident and has stopped time only to explain to Makoto what the consequences will be. Having revealed his origins, the nature of the item that allowed Makoto to leap through time and being unable to return to his time period, Chiaki must disappear. Makoto realizes too late that she loves him. True to his words, Chiaki disappears when time begins again. Initially distraught at losing Chiaki, Makoto discovers that Chiaki\'s time-leap had inadvertently restored a time-leap to her: Chiaki had leapt back to the time before Makoto used her final leap. Makoto leaps back to the moment when she gained her powers, at which point Chiaki still has one remaining time-leap. Makoto explains to Chiaki that she is from the future and reveals everything he told her concerning who he is, the ability to leap through time, and his reasons for extending his stay in her time frame. Makoto promises to make sure the painting stays safe so Chiaki can see it in his time. Before Chiaki leaves, he tells Makoto that he will be waiting for her in the future. When Kōsuke asks her where Chiaki went, she says that he went to study abroad, and that she made a decision about her own future.'] ['The evil Lord Licorice starts to take over Candy Land, assisted by his Bites, changing it from a brightly colored happy kingdom to a somber, drab-hued place. Gingerbread boy Jib is traveling the Rainbow Road to the annual Sweet Celebration. He enlists his friends Mister Mint and Princess Frostine to save Candy Land from a drab fate. Together with other Candy Land characters they outwit Lord Licorice and restore Candy Land to its colorful self.'] ['{{plot}} In 1960, 10-year-old protagonist Arthur is living with his grandmother in a quiet country house. His grandfather Archibald has recently gone missing and he sees little of his parents. His grandmother entertains him by reading stories to him of his grandfather\'s adventures in Africa. One of these stories is about the friendship of the tall, Maasai-like tribe called the Bogo Matassalai with the Minimoys – tooth-sized, elfin beings they believe to be their counterparts. After Archibald had helped the Bogo Matassalai, says the story, they and the Minimoys had given him a large amount of rubies in a show of thanks for helping them. After returning home, Archibald brought the Minimoys with him and lent them his garden as their home. According to the story, he gave the Minimoys the rubies to look after them until he needed them. Arthur has become enamoured of a picture of Selenia, the princess of the Minimoys. It\'s shown that Arthur\'s grandmother has been given a two-day deadline to pay a large sum of money to a building developer named Davido, who has bought her mortgage from the bank and plans to evict the two. Arthur therefore decides to find the rubies in order to pay off the debt. After stumbling across various clues written by his grandfather, Arthur finds the key to the Minimoys\' world. He accidentally puts his grandmother into a deep sleep by dropping sleeping drops into her water and as she begins to snore, he continues. He is met in the garden by the Bogo Matassala, who show Arthur how to get into the Minimoys\' world by shrinking down to their size and becoming a Minimoy himself. The transformation alters his body giving him a big head with pointy ears, longer legs and arms, and spiky white hair. This is done by means of a telescope and the power of a shining full moon. When Arthur is underground with the Minimoys, he learns of a danger to the little people\'s future, posed by the plans of Maltazard, the leader of an army of mosquito-riding rebels named \'Seides\' living in nearby "Necropolis", who plan to conquer the Minimoys by flooding their city. Maltazard is said to have been a Minimoy war hero corrupted by a seductive weevil, by whom he has a son called Darkos. After his corruption, Malthazar became a warlord known as the "Evil M", keeping Archibald as his prisoner and the rubies as his throne. Arthur, reflecting his legendary British namesake, draws a sacred sword from its recess, which he then uses to protect his new friends from Malthazar\'s soldiers. The king gives permission for Arthur to travel to Necropolis, sending with him the princess Selenia and her younger brother Betameche. Armed with Arthur\'s new sword – the use of which they share – the trio embark. En route to Necropolis they are put in danger by Maltazard\'s soldiers numerous times. Arthur is dismayed to discover that the irrigation system of drinking straws he had made to water radishes for his grandmother is being cut apart by the soldiers, who are making plans to use them as water pipes for the coming flood. It is revealed that a flood would be especially devastating to the Minimoys due to the fact that the species cannot swim. During their travel Selenia reveals that at her age of 1000 , she must find a husband within two days. Over the course of the journey, Arthur comes to fall in love with Selenia, a fact she sees and uses to her advantage. Eventually, the questors arrive in Necropolis, where the stubbornly independent Selenia takes the sword and leaves the others. Before doing so, she kisses Arthur, marking him as her husband and the future king. Selenia then confronts Maltazard alone. Maltazard wishes the first kiss of the princess to restore his original beauty; after learning she has already kissed Arthur and she can no longer give him her powers, he decides to kill her. She is captured and incarcerated in a cell where she finds her companions, who have also been seized. In the back of the cell, they find Arthur\'s grandfather, who like Arthur has become a Minimoy altering his body the same way as Arthurs. He has been teaching his knowledge to Maltazard in exchange for food. Selenia feels defeated, but Arthur comforts her. Maltazard allows them to escape 3 minutes ahead of the flood, which they do by using a clockwork car that Arthur possessed, in his human form, until Davido kicked it down the drain. During the adventure, Arthur\'s crush on Selenia has been supplemented by comradeship, as well as by her own affection for him. When Arthur learns of a Minimoy custom stating that newlyweds should not kiss for the second time until after ten moons, Selenia decides she does not wish to wait and gives Arthur a long, passionate kiss before he returns to his human form. He now has an hour wherein to save the Minimoys from the flood. Archibald returns with him to the human world, and to human form, and is reunited with Arthur\'s grandmother. With the help of a royal advisor\'s long-lost son, Milo, Arthur is able to find the pipe on the surface that goes straight down into Necropolis, when Milo signals him by directing sunlight into the ruby and out to the surface. Arthur redirects the flood to Necropolis by dropping a tennis ball down the pipe, which smashes the drinking straw pipes being used to direct the water and blocks the tunnel it was heading through. The Minimoys are saved from the flood; Necropolis is flooded instead. Maltazard abandons the plan, his army, and his son, and flees. The force of the water ejects the rubies and Miro. Arthur and Archibald pay Davido with one ruby; he tries to take all, but the Bogo Matassalai capture him and give him to the authorities . The story closes with the vows spoken by Arthur in his human form to Selenia, who sits high up on a branch in a tree, to wait patiently until the time is right for them to be together. The ending credits then proceed, alongside scenes of every significant character  appearing in Minimoy form to bow. Nena was in it too.'] ['The movie opens with Mystery Inc. being pursued by a green troll. After an accident with Scooby, he is caught and revealed to be a counterfeiter. This is actually a re-enactment of the now-dissolved Mystery Inc.\'s adventures on a television program by Daphne and Fred, who are running a successful TV series . Velma has gone on and become the propietor of a mystery bookstore, and Scooby and Shaggy bounce from job to job, including working in customs at an airport, from which they are fired after eating all the confiscated imported foods. Since their mysteries have all involved mere crooks in monster costumes, Fred decides that Daphne\'s show should be about tracking down real ghosts, so he gets the gang back together for a trip to Louisiana. After encountering a lot of fake monsters, like a nerdy guy in a lobster-man suit haunting a fish factory, an old man disguised as a gargoyle, a holographic ghost and a zombie policeman that turns out to be a woman, the gang finally arrives in New Orleans. There they are invited by a young woman named Lena to visit Moonscar Island, the home of her employer, which is allegedly haunted by the ghost of the pirate Morgan Moonscar. Although the gang is skeptical , they decide to go with Lena, on whom Fred has taken a fancy. On the way, Velma informs the gang that Moonscar Island has had many unexplained disappearances over the years. On the island, the gang meets Lena\'s employer, Simone Lenoir, a beautiful French-American; Jacques, the island\'s ferryman; and Beau, Simone\'s gardener, to whom Daphne takes a fancy . They also meet Snakebite Scruggs, a grungy fisherman, and his hunting pig, Mojo. The first act is like a standard Scooby-Doo cartoon, with the gang investigating and working to prove that the "ghost" is fake. Scooby and Shaggy are chased by Mojo and end up falling into a big hole. While trying to climb out, they pull down some of the wall, revealing a skeletal arm. A mysterious green fog envelopes the skeleton, causing it to transform into the grisly zombie of Morgan Moonscar himself. While running away, Scooby and Shaggy run into a suspicious Beau and bring everyone back to the hole, which is now, however, empty. Simone invites the gang to her house to stay for the night. As the gang is dressing up for dinner, Shaggy sees the ghost of a Confederate colonel in the mirror; Simone explains that the island was a temporary headquarters for a Confederate regiment during the American Civil War. Later that night, Scooby and Shaggy eat in the Mystery Machine, so Scooby wouldn\'t chase Simone\'s cats. However, they burn their mouths on the spicy food, and both of them rush to the lake for water. The green fog reappears and sinks into the nearby ground, causing an army of zombies to emerge from the lake. Due to Shaggy\'s bad driving, the Mystery Machine gets stuck in a muddy bank, forcing him and Scooby to flee on foot. Fred, Daphne and Velma go to look for them, but bump into Beau, so they split up. Fred and Daphne argue about each other\'s supposed love interest. They come across Scooby and Shaggy trying to escape, and they also capture a zombie. Fred thinks the zombie is another fake, but it turns out to be all too real, and when the other zombies begin to swarm them, Scooby, Shaggy, Fred and Daphne separate in panic. Fred trips on a stone, and his camera  sinks into quicksand. Fred and Daphne reunite with Velma and Beau . Scooby and Shaggy discover wax dolls that look like Fred, Velma and Daphne, and they play with them, causing his friends to undertake a series of involuntary actions for a short time. Fred, Daphne, Velma and Beau return to Simone\'s house and discover a secret passage under the staircase. They find Lena in the passage, who tells them that the zombies kidnapped Simone and dragged her away. Daphne, Fred, Velma, Lena and Beau proceed down the passage and find a secret chamber for voodoo rituals, where Velma finds footprints of Simone\'s heels  and interrogates Lena about the story. Indeed, Simone appears, and she and Lena use voodoo dolls to trap the gang in the chamber. They show themselves to be evil werecats, and Simone reveals that in 1798, she and Lena were part of a group of settlers who made the island their home. One night, during the harvest moon, while the settlers were celebrating their successful harvest, Morgan Moonscar and his pirates chased the settlers, except for Lena and Simone, into the bayou where they were eaten by alligators. A vengeful Lena and Simone begged their cat god to curse the pirates. Their wish was granted, and they killed the pirates, but the curse caused them to become werecats permanently, requiring that they drain life forces to preserve their immortality. Over the years Lena lured more people to the island, and they also gave Jacques immortality so they had a ferryman to bring them more victims. The zombies - including Morgan Moonscar - were the victims they have murdered over the centuries, who reanimate every harvest moon to warn away visitors. Scooby and Shaggy accidentally tumble into the cave, interrupting the draining ceremony and disctracting the werecats. Velma is quickly able to untie herself and create voodoo dolls of Lena and Simone to interrupt their power. When they are finally cornered, the werecats\' curse expires, causing their bodies to age hundreds of years and disintegrate, freeing the zombies\' souls to rest in peace. Afterward Beau is revealed to be an undercover police officer sent to investigate the disappearances on the island ; Fred and Daphne become a couple again, and Daphne offers Beau a chance to guest-star on her show and discuss the adventure.'] ['Set in the modern times, Young John McGowan travels to Scotland to live at his grandfather\'s castle after he loses both his parents in a traffic accident. At the magical wishing tree on his grandfather\'s estate, he conjures up a friend, which is an infant dragon whom he nicknames "Yowler". They grow up together, and one day documentary film maker Bob Armstrong, his daughter Beth and his pilot Brownie McGee stumble upon Yowler. Eager for fame and money, Bob convinces John to "rent" Yowler to local corrupt businessman, Lester McIntyre. John, who is coerced in part by the offer to have the mounting taxes on the castle paid off, allows Lester to take Yowler in. He does so also partly because of his growing interest in Beth. Yowler is miserable and harassed in the new theme park built for him, and when it becomes clear that McIntyre has duped them in order to exploit the dragon, John and his new friends take action.'] ['Gonzo the Great has always been classified as a "whatever,"  but after he begins to have disturbing dreams of abandonment and rejection, he begins to realize just how alone he is in the world. One of his nightmares involves him being denied entry onto Noah\'s Ark by Noah . The next morning, Gonzo tells Kermit the Frog that he is getting tired of being called a "whatever." After an alien race appears to be trying to send him a message through bowls of cereal, Gonzo realizes that he may not be so alone after all and climbs to the rooftop to start watching the sky. Using a bolt of lightning, Gonzo communicates with a pair of cosmic fish, revealing to him that he is an alien from outer space. When Kermit and his friends refuse to believe him, Gonzo is lured into the clutches of K. Edgar Singer of C.O.V.N.E.T.  who has also taken note of the aliens\' attempts at communication and thinks that Gonzo is his key to convincing his superiors that aliens do in fact exist. Gonzo, along with Rizzo the Rat, are arrested by the army. Rizzo\'s antics causes himself to be flushed down a tube by Hollywood Hulk Hogan. Rizzo ends up having to go through rat training held by Dr. Tucker alongside the other rats like Bubba the Rat, Shakes the Rat, Fast Eddie, and The Bird Man. Kermit and the gang spring into action to rescue Gonzo, using inventions such as a door in a jar, a rubber duck that sprays invisibility spray, and mind control gas from Bunsen Honeydew and Beaker. A talking sandwich asks Gonzo where the alien ship can land, and Gonzo suggests Cape Doom . At the military base, the gang arrive to rescue Gonzo and Rizzo. While on their rescue, everyone uses invisible spray, but they are eventually exposed when Fozzie washes his hands upon exiting the restroom. When Singer hears of this, he has Agent Rentro prepare the Subatomic Neutro-Destabilizer to use on the aliens and heads to his car. When Agent Rentro tells him that the car is impounded due to the parking tickets, Singer and Agent Rentro end up taking the company car - a cement truck. The Muppets go to Cape Doom after rescuing Gonzo and, along with a crowd of alien-happy spectators, await their arrival. The ship comes to Earth and the aliens, who all resemble Gonzo, explain that many years ago they lost him but welcome him back into the fold. Singer turns up and tries to kill the Aliens, but thanks to Agent Rentro, who has disabled his Subatomic Neutro-Destabilizer by taking the part that fires the weapon, he cannot and is laughed at. Gonzo considers going into space with the Gonzo-like aliens, but he realizes his true home is on Earth with his surrogate family and friends, and Singer goes with the aliens as Earth\'s ambassador. The film ends with the Muppets watching the stars on the roof. Gonzo tells Kermit he wonders why his family asked him to build a Jacuzzi. Pepe chuckles because he and Rizzo had pretended to be them and asked him to do it.'] ['Three years after the events in Toy Story, Woody prepares to go to cowboy camp with Andy but his arm is accidentally ripped so Andy leaves him behind while his mom puts him on the shelf. After Woody has a nightmare about Andy throwing him in a trash full of arms, he discovers that a penguin toy named Wheezy has been on the shelf for months because of a broken squeaker. When Woody saves Wheezy from a yard sale, he is stolen by a toy collector who Buzz Lightyear and the other toys recognize as Al McWhiggin, the greedy, avaricious owner of a shop named Al\'s Toy Barn, from a commercial. Buzz, Hamm, Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, and Rex set out to rescue Woody. In Al\'s apartment, Woody discovers that he is a valuable collectible based on an old TV show called Woody\'s Roundup, and is set to be sold to a toy museum in Tokyo, Japan. The other toys from the show - Jessie the yodeling cowgirl, Woody\'s horse Bullseye, and Stinky Pete the Prospector, are excited about the trip but Woody intends to go home because he is Andy\'s toy. Jessie, who is afraid of the dark, is furious with him as the museum will only want the whole gang; without him, they will go back into storage. That night, when Woody\'s whole arm comes off, his attempt to retrieve it and escape is foiled when the TV comes on. Woody, seeing the remote in front of Jessie, accuses her of sabotaging his escape. The following morning, Woody\'s arm is reconnected and he decides to stay when Jessie reveals that she was once the beloved toy of a child named Emily who eventually outgrew and gave her away and Prospector warns him that the same fate awaits him when Andy grows up. Meanwhile, Buzz and the other toys reach Al\'s Toy Barn. While searching the store for Woody, Buzz is captured and imprisoned in a box by a newer Buzz Lightyear action figure after a fight between them and the New Buzz\'s utter delusion. The new Buzz joins the other toys, oblivious to the fact he is an imposter, as they make their way to Al\'s apartment. Buzz escapes and pursues them, thinking they have also been captured by Al. When he gets out of Al\'s Toy Barn, he unknowingly and accidentally releases an action figure of his archenemy Emperor Zurg who follows him. Buzz rejoins the others as they find Woody, who initially refuses to return because he does not want to abandon the rest of the Roundup Gang. After Buzz reminds Woody of "a toy\'s true purpose", and he is moved by seeing himself sing "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me", he changes his mind again and asks the Roundup toys to come with him. However, Prospector prevents their escape and reveals that he wants to go to Tokyo because he spent his life on a dime store shelf and was never sold. To ensure this, he made sure Woody would not go home, and was also responsible for sabotaging his escape the previous night. Al arrives and takes Woody and the Roundup toys with him, forcing both Buzz Lightyears and Andy\'s toys to follow him. They follow Al to an elevator where they encounter Zurg who fights the new Buzz but is knocked off the elevator by Rex. When they reach the ground floor, the new Buzz stays to play with Zurg once he discovers that Zurg is his father  while Buzz and the other toys continue their pursuit of Al. Accompanied by three toy Aliens, they use a Pizza Planet delivery truck to follow Al to Tri-County International Airport where they enter the check-in area, the baggage processing area to find Woody and the Roundup toys. During a fight with Woody, Prospector rips his arm and tries to mutilate him, but is captured and stuffed into a little girl\'s backpack by Buzz and the other toys. While Woody and Bullseye are saved, Jessie ends up on the plane for Tokyo. Assisted by Buzz and Bullseye, Woody boards the plane and convinces Jessie to come with them to Andy\'s house, telling her that he has a little sister. However, the plane starts up before they can escape but they leave through an emergency hatch just as the plane gets onto the runway. Woody lassoes his string over a nut on the plane\'s wheels, and swings with Jessie between the plane wheels before landing on Bullseye just as the plane takes off. Buoyed up by living "Woody\'s Finest Hour," the toys go home. Andy returns home, repairs Woody\'s arm, and accepts Jessie and Bullseye as his new toys. The toys also learn from a commercial that Al\'s business has suffered due to his failure to sell the Roundup toys. As Jessie and Bullseye delight in having a new owner, Woody tells Buzz that he is not worried about Andy outgrowing him, because when he does, they will always have each other for company "for infinity and beyond."'] ["Gallavants are ants living in their own fairy-tale land, Ganteville. The little ones have to go to school in preparation of their adult life as working ants. However, one pupil thinks he doesn't need to take lessons in order to find his destination in life. He has to learn the hard way..."] ['Somewhere in the 14th century, Claus  is a peasant woodcutter in his mid-50s who, with his wife Anya , delivers his gifts to the children of a certain village. One night, Claus, Anya and their reindeer, Donner and Blitzen, are rescued from certain death in a blizzard, only to be transported to the vast "ice mountains, way up at the top of the world." Their expected arrival is heralded with the appearance of several elves, or &ndash; as Claus\'s people call them in their legends &ndash; the Vendequm, led by the venerable and wise elf named Dooley . The Clauses also meet Patch , an inventive elf who has designs for such future items like plumbing and an alarm clock, and Puffy ([[Anthony O\'Donnell . Introduced to the mass workshop where the elves construct endless amounts of toys for the world\'s children, Claus learns that it is his destiny to distribute those toys on Christmas Eve. After months of preparation, Christmas Eve arrives and Claus is granted the name "Santa Claus" by the Ancient One , the eldest of the elves. Santa\'s yearly routine of delivering his gifts begins when he uses his modified sleigh and six additional reindeer to accompany Donner and Blitzen. When all eight deer are joined together, they can fly by eating an otherworldly reindeer feed. Two separate musical montages follow, each depicting Santa delivering toys across the centuries, and demonstrating how a great deal of the mythos around him is established. Eventually, the film moves to the late 20th century. Santa is becoming increasingly tired by the workload of toys he must deliver, combined with the ever-growing population of the planet. At that point, Anya suggests that Santa should have an assistant. Patch and Puffy are selected as candidates, and both their ideas are compared in a competition. A third musical montage takes us through the competition, which Patch ultimately wins through his invention of an automated manufacturing machine. Several nights later, on Christmas Eve, Santa meets up with a homeless boy named Joe , with whom he immediately bonds, ultimately inviting the 10-year-old along for the night ride. During the flight, Santa tempts the reindeer into performing an aerial stunt dubbed the "SuperDuper Looper" in which the reindeer attempt to perform a 360° degree circle in midair, but, as often happens each year, the maneuver fails when Donner\'s aerial dizziness gets the better of him. Santa and Joe unintentionally awaken a 9-year-old girl named Cornelia , who had secretly spent some days befriending Joe. On Christmas morning, Patch is dismayed when his toys break and are returned to the workshop. Resigning his post as Santa\'s assistant, the reluctant Patch leaves the North Pole. Patch goes to New York City where he meets B.Z. , Cornelia\'s step-uncle  &ndash; a greedy and scheming toymaking executive who is on the verge of losing his company after being subject to a Congressional investigation due to the shoddy products he has made. Patch offers to help him make toys, believing at first that B.Z.\'s toys are successful when he witnesses them being removed quickly from shops, although they are actually being recalled. Patch uses the ingredient from the reindeer feed to create a puce colored lollipop that can make people float in midair, and it soon becomes quite popular among children, making Santa feel unwanted. B.Z. then manufactures candy canes using the ingredient, but is horrified to discover that a batch of the stuff will explode when exposed to extreme heat. On discovering this news, B.Z. resolves to keep this information a secret and schemes to move to a South American country with no extradition treaty to avoid criminal prosecution. B.Z. captures and imprisons Joe when he finds him eavesdropping on him and his head of Research & Development, Dr. Eric Towzer . Patch later finds and frees a bound and gagged Joe and decides to return to the North Pole with him, when he sees a carved toy resembling himself, an "elf-portrait", given to Joe by Santa. The two friends buckle themselves into the incredible Patchmobile, which they have stuffed with loads and loads of the candy canes. The NYPD then go to arrest B.Z. after Cornelia alerts them of her uncle\'s crimes, but he eats some of the candy canes and finds himself floating in midair, eventually disappearing far, far up into the sky. Having summoned him with an incomplete letter, Cornelia and Santa now pursue Patch and Joe until the Patchmobile explodes, the result of the candy canes\' exposure to heat. Their only hope of saving them now is to attempt the aforementioned "Super Duper Looper". Finally, with Patch reconciled with his fellow elves, Joe is welcomed into the Clauses\' family and Cornelia is invited to stay for a year. Dooley reacts to the addition of Joe and Cornelia by commenting: "As if I don\'t have enough to do! Now, I\'m going to have to be a schoolteacher!" To which both children gasp: "School?!" The film ends with the inhabitants of the North Pole celebrating the triumph with a joyous dance party. The film\'s final images are of B.Z. floating away into space, doomed to die of asphyxiation in the upper atmosphere among the floating remains of the Patchmobile.'] ["{{Expand section}} A disabled child of a single-parent mother moves to a new town finds an alien he names MAC. He distrusts the alien, but his sister thinks that the alien may have some special value. The alien only likes skittles and coke. After a few silly adventures, the unnamed child's wheelchair falls off a cliff, and MAC saves him. The sheriff is shocked, but helps anyway. The children start to take MAC seriously and decide to help reunite him with his family. They go to a birthday party at a McDonald's and have a dance party with MAC dressed up as a teddy bear. The FBI shows up and the kids try to pass off MAC as just a bear, but the FBI agents seem to recognize his dance moves. They chase MAC outside. MAC finally catches up with his family when they walk into a supermarket naked. The alien daughter tries to steal a coke but she is stopped by the store security. The alien dad takes the gun away from the security guard and a brief shootout with the police follows. The shootout ends with a pipe exploding , killing the unnamed child who has befriended MAC. A doctor pronounces the child dead. MAC brings him back to life. The movie ends with the alien family being granted citizen ship for performing a miracle in bringing the unnamed child back to life."] ["When four children Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy stumble into an old Wardrobe they find themselves in a magical land called Narnia with talking animals, fauns, hags, the Wicked White Witch and the great lion Aslan. There they meet the friendly Mr and Mrs Beaver, who help them on their quest to find Aslan the great lion. Only he can help save Edmund and Lucy's friend Mr Tumnus  from the White Witch."] ['Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and Scrappy-Doo are on their way to a Miss Grimwood\'s Finishing School for Girls, where they have been hired as gym teachers. Once there, however, they find that it is actually a school for girl ghouls. The pupils include Sibella, the daughter of Count Dracula; Elsa Frankenteen, the daughter of Frankenteen Senior, Winnie, the daughter of The Wolfman; Phantasma , the daughter of The phantom; and Tanis , the daughter of The mummy. Other residents of the school are Miss Grimwood, the headmistress, a floating white hand; an octopus, who is the school\'s butler, Legs, a spider that helps with the upcoming volleyball match, and her pet dragon Matches . Gym class soon starts, with the intent to train the girls for their upcoming volleyball match against the boys of the neighboring Calloway Military Academy . However, thanks to a device that the boys put in the volleyball allowing the boys to win, they lose the remote that Scooby accidentally swallows and it allows the girls to win. The girls\' fathers come for Open House, but as they leave, they warn Shaggy and Scooby not to let any harm come to their daughters. As an additional plot twist, Revolta, the self-styled Witch of the Web, and her minion, the Grim Creeper, plan to kidnap the girls and make them her slaves,by hypnotizing Shaggy into taking the girls on a field trip to the bog. Also on the same day the Calloway Cadets are at the bog. With the help of Revolta\'s spider bats, Revolta and the Grim Creeper capture the girls and at midnight Revolta will make a potion that will make them evil forever. Scooby, Scrappy, Shaggy, and Matches, along with the Calloway cadets save the girls; and Revolta and the Grim Creeper seem to be destroyed. Despite being well liked by all their students, Shaggy and Scooby have enough of this and run away when monsters such as an alien, the Creature from the Black Lagoon and Godzilla enroll their daughters at the school for the following year screaming "Like, meet us in St. Louis". As they leave, they see the girls and Matches wave them goodbye. Shaggy, Scooby, & Scrappy then give them a last werewolf howl before driving off.'] ['{{plot}} Winnie-the-Pooh is in the Hundred Acre Wood doing his morning stoutness exercises, not to get in shape, but to make him hungry for more food. During his exercise, he bends over too far to cause the stitching in his bottom to accidentally rip. After repairing his torn bottom, he feels a rumbly in his tumbly, so visits his pantry, but only to find that his jar of honey is empty . As he starts wondering where he can get more honey, he hears a bee fly by and decides to try to get honey from the beehive in a hollow of a nearby honey tree. He climbs the tree and reaches as high as he can, but the branch he is standing on breaks, and he falls into a gorse bush. Not wanting to give up, Pooh decides to go to Christopher Robin\'s house, where he greets Christopher Robin, Eeyore, Owl, Kanga and Roo. Pooh borrows a blue balloon from Christopher Robin to try to get the honey from the honey tree. He rolls himself in a black mud puddle to disguise himself as a little black rain cloud, and then uses the balloon to float up next to the tree hollow that houses the beehive. He tucks his hand into the hollow to get some honey to taste, also gulping some bees along with the honey, thus prompting him to spit out the bees. As the disguise begins to wear off, Pooh kicks one of the bees with his muddy foot, causing it to fall into the same mud puddle that Pooh has previously rolled in, but then the bee gets even with Pooh, and as the last of the disguise reveals Pooh to the bees, the one he kicked stings his bottom, causing him to swing forward and back again until his bottom is wedged into the hollow of the honey tree. As the bees laugh, Pooh concludes that he is dealing with the wrong kinds of bees as the tree begins to shake violently. The bees then eject him from the tree like a cork out of a bottle, causing the balloon to break from its string. Pooh holds onto the now untied balloon--from which the air is running out--for dear life as he flies through the air, chasing the bees in the process. When the balloon runs out of air, Pooh falls and is caught by Christopher Robin. The chase is now reversed; the angry bees go after Pooh and Christopher Robin, but they manage to hide from them in the mud puddle. With honey still on his mind, Pooh Bear goes to Rabbit\'s house, hoping to find some honey there. Rabbit politely invites Pooh for lunch, despite being aware of Pooh\'s vast appetite. Pooh then proceeds to eat every last bit of honey available in Rabbit\'s house, thanks Rabbit and waddles off to leave. He climbs through Rabbit\'s front door, which is a hole, but because he has become so fat and full of honey, he gets stuck in the hole and unable to make it through. Rabbit tells Pooh that it all comes from eating too much, and Pooh, in response, tells Rabbit that it all comes from not having front doors big enough. Rabbit tries to free Pooh by pushing on his over-sized bottom, but the bear won\'t budge. In a panic, Rabbit runs off to fetch Christopher Robin for help. While Pooh waits, he is visited by Owl and Gopher. Owl tries to cheer Pooh up, but ends up making Pooh feel embarrassed by his tight predicament. Gopher offers to free Pooh using dynamite, but Pooh rejects the offer. Rabbit then comes back with Christopher Robin. The two try to pull Pooh Bear out, but he won\'t budge an inch. Christopher Robin then suggests pushing him back in, but Rabbit protests, shoving a chair up against Pooh\'s bottom to prevent him from going back into Rabbit\'s house. Eventually, Christopher Robin decides that Pooh will just have to wait to get thin again. Rabbit is forced to make the best of a bad situation and tries various methods of disguising the bear\'s bottom, including painting a moose face on it and using his legs to hold up a shelf. Kanga and Roo stop by and give him a bouquet of honeysuckle flowers, which causes him to sneeze, thus sending the shelf  flying. Rabbit then reduces to using Pooh\'s bottom as a chair, with his legs as arm rests and the main bulk as a cushion. One night, Gopher returns to see Pooh, carrying his lunchbox with him. Pooh wonders what\'s inside the lunchbox. When he learns that Gopher has a pot of honey, Pooh asks him for a little taste of it, but Rabbit, who has overheard their conversation, runs out, and reminds Pooh that he can\'t eat anything until he is thin again as he confiscates the honey pot. As Gopher accuses Rabbit for confiscating the honey, Rabbit runs back out with a sign reading "Don\'t Feed The Bear", which he hammers onto the ground. Many days later, Rabbit leans on Pooh\'s bottom and discovers that Pooh has budged ever so slightly, sending him dashing off to find Christopher Robin. Christopher Robin, Kanga, Eeyore, Owl, Roo and Gopher start pulling on Pooh from outside the house while Rabbit frantically pushes Pooh from inside, but the bear still won\'t move. Fed up with all the delay, Rabbit takes several steps backwards and charges into Pooh. With a loud "pop!" he is ejected out of Rabbit\'s front door like a bullet from a gun, knocking everyone else down as a result, as he goes flying through the air. He crashes headfirst in the hollow of the honey tree, getting himself stuck again and frightening the bees away. The gang runs after him, and Christopher Robin tells Pooh that they will help him get out again, but Pooh tells them to take their time; he is quite content to remain stuck as he is with his bottom outside and his top inside, happily eating the honey.'] [' Flik, an individualist and would-be inventor, lives in a colony of ants. The ants are led by Princess Atta and her mother, the Queen, and they live on a small island in the middle of a creek. Flik is different and always unappreciated because of his problematic inventions. The colony is oppressed by a gang of marauding grasshoppers led by Hopper who arrive every season demanding food from the ants. When the annual offering is inadvertently knocked into a stream by Flik\'s latest invention, a harvester device, the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation. Given a temporary reprieve by the grasshoppers, the ants trick Flik into accepting his plan to recruit "warrior bugs" to fight off the grasshoppers. While Flik actually believes in the plan, the other ants see it as a fool\'s errand to get rid of Flik and save themselves trouble. Making his way to the "big city" , Flik mistakes a group of circus bugs, who have recently been fired by their money-hungry ringmaster, P.T. Flea, for the warrior bugs he seeks. The bugs, in turn, mistake Flik for a talent agent, and agree to travel with him back to Ant Island. Discovering their mutual misunderstanding, the circus bugs attempt to leave, but are forced back by a bird. They save Princess Dot, the Queen\'s daughter and Atta\'s sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants\' trust in the process. They continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants. The bird encounter inspires Flik into creating an artificial bird to scare away Hopper, leader of the grasshoppers, who is deeply afraid of birds. The bird is constructed, but the circus bugs are exposed when P.T. Flea arrives searching for them, having had a change of heart. Angered at Flik\'s deception, the ants exile him and desperately attempt to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers, but fail to do so. When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering upon their arrival, they take control of the entire colony and begin eating the ants\' winter store of food. After overhearing Hopper\'s plan to kill the queen, Dot leaves in search of Flik and convinces him to return and save the colony with his original plan. The plan nearly works, but P.T. Flea lights the bird model on fire, causing it to crash and be exposed as a fake. Hopper has Flik beaten in retaliation, but Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony to stand up to the grasshoppers and drive them out of the colony. Before Hopper can be disposed of, it begins to rain. In the chaos, Hopper kidnaps Flik and flees, but Atta gives chase and rescues Flik. As Hopper viciously pursues the couple, Flik leads him to an actual bird\'s nest. Mistaking the real bird for another fake one, Hopper attracts its attention by taunting it. Hopper is picked up by the bird, who then feeds him to her chicks. Some time later, Flik has been welcomed back to the colony, and he and Atta are now a couple. As the troupe departs with the last grasshopper, Molt, as an employee, Atta is crowned the new Queen, while Dot gets the princess\' crown. The circus troupe then departs as Flik, Atta and Dot watch and wave farewell on a tree branch.'] ['A young girl named Kayley desires to become a knight of the Round Table like her father Sir Lionel in the kingdom of Camelot and wishes to accompany him when the knights are called to a special meeting with King Arthur, but he kindly objects that she is too young and promises to take her someday. When the knights arrive at Camelot , Sir Ruber  attacks Arthur. Mortally wounding Lionel with his mace, he is ultimately driven off by the other knights after Arthur strikes him down with Excalibur. After Lionel dies, Kayley must learn to live without him. Inspired by her father\'s bravery , she spends ten years tending to her family farm. Now a young woman, Kayley is still much of a dreamer and still wishes to be a knight, much against her mother Julianna\'s wishes. Her dream seems to pay off though, when the knights again gather with King Arthur and Merlin to discuss the era of peace among the kingdom when a gryphon flies in, attacks and wounds Arthur and takes the sword Excalibur. Merlin summons a falcon with silver wings called Ayden to face the gryphon. After a furious fight, the gryphon drops the sword into the Forbidden Forest and loses it. He reports this to Ruber. The call goes out across the land that Excalibur had been stolen, but Kayley\'s mother forbids her to go out after it. Shortly thereafter, Ruber comes to pay Julianna a visit, planning to use her to gain access to Camelot and introducing a magic potion that he had gotten that combines his men  with an assorted array of weapons . During the festivities, Kayley manages to free herself and escapes capture by fleeing to the Forbidden Forest , whose enchanted plant and animal life prevent Ruber\'s army from following her. The chicken, now named Bladebeak, is ordered to follow Kayley and report her whereabouts to Ruber. While lost in the forest, Kayley comes across Garrett, a handsome yet blind hermit who wants to be left alone . He grudgingly helps Kayley find Excalibur. Guided by Ayden, they manage to find the scabbard of the sword in the footprints of a giant. As they make their way into dragon infested mountains, they come across a conjoined two-headed dragon - the sophisticated and intelligent Devon and the boorish but loyal Cornwall. Thanks to the bullying from the rest of the dragons due to their differences and their inability to fly, they want nothing more than to be apart from one another . Developing a friendship toward Kayley, they join the party. Due to Kayley\'s insistence, Garrett misses a key warning from Ayden and is injured in an attack. During the escape, Kayley uses the forest\'s plants to heal Garrett\'s wounds, and they develop a mutual attraction and feelings towards one another . Soon they come across the giant who is using the sword as a toothpick and manage to outwit Ruber again, trapping him and his minions with the giant as they slide uncontrollably down the mountainside. Garrett returns to the forest, having grown distant from the world of men and preferring to stay in the forest. Kayley starts toward Camelot, sword in hand, but is captured by Ruber\'s men. Devon and Cornwall discover their power of flight, which only works when they cooperate or agree on something mutually. They rejoin Garrett, who mounts a rescue mission, but Ruber manages to gain entry to Camelot via disguise and traps himself with King Arthur with Excalibur; now grafted to his arm with his magic potion. Kayley is held prisoner in the back of the cart, but is freed by Bladebeak. Kayley and Garrett manage to fight their way with their friends\' help to join with Arthur and in a fight, they manage to trick Ruber into inserting the sword back into the stone it had been pulled from. The magical forces conflict and completely disintegrate Ruber, leaving the kingdom free again. The magic that spills on the kingdom separates all of Ruber\'s men  from their weapons and separates Devon and Cornwall, but the pair decide to reunite before the magic dissipates. Soon after Kayley and Garrett are knighted as members of the round table, and they share a kiss. As the pair ride off into the sunset, their horse has a flag mounted to its back reading "Just Knighted".'] ['The film focuses on Celebi, who travels to the future with a boy named Sam while being chased by a hunter. Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu are on their way to the next gym in their Johto journey and get a lift from a man named Maki, who takes them to his hometown of Arborville. They see a Suicune . When they plan to enter a forest that is claimed to have many unusual and rare Pokémon, they are warned by an elderly lady about the "Voice of the Forest", which may carry a person off to a different period in time unless those hearing it stand still. Ash finds Sam alone in the forest as Celebi has fled. Sam awakens and discovers he is 40 years in the future from when he was. He, Ash, and the others search for Celebi and they find it in a tree. After some convincing, the gang manage to gain Celebi\'s trust. They run into a high-ranking member of Team Rocket, the Iron Masked Marauder, who has been trying to capture Celebi. Jessie, James, and Meowth also team up with the Iron Masked Marauder to capture Celebi. The heroes take Celebi to its home, the Lake of Life, where it is healed by the water. The group spend the night in the forest. The next day, Celebi is captured by the Iron Masked Marauder and is turned evil by the Dark Ball, a ball with special powers that turns the captured Pokémon evil, and immensly strengthen their target. Ash attempts to save Celebi by climbing the Marauder\'s robot, which falls over and throws them both out. Ash lands on the ground, but the Marauder begins to step on his hand; it keeps doing this until Ash falls unconscious. The Iron Masked Marauder orders Celebi create a giant monster from parts of the forest. The heroes chase after Celebi in Maki\'s flying boat, but are brought down by the evil Celebi\'s attacks. The Iron Masked Marauder tries to kill Ash and Sam, but Suicune saves them. Brock sends out his Onix, and it and Suicune do battle with the Masked Marauder\'s evil Tyranitar, while Ash, Sam, and Pikachu clamber into Celebi\'s creature and manage to get Celebi to remember its memories, successfully bringing Celebi back to normal, and destroying the Iron Masked Marauder\'s Dark Balls in the process, releasing his Scizor, Sneasel, and Tyranitar. With the collapse of the giant monster, the Iron Masked Marauder falls into the lake. The other heroes rush to the lake\'s edge and find Ash and Sam with Celebi, who suddenly falls limp. Ash and Sam realize Celebi is dead and everyone weeps, while the Pokémon of the forest howl in grief. However, the Voice of the Forest materializes in the sky and numerous of Celebi appear and resurrect Celebi. The Iron Masked Marauder suddenly appears and kidnaps Celebi and flies up with a jetpack, but Ash and Pikachu hold onto him as he flies away. Pikachu destroys the Masked Marauder\'s jetpack with a "ThunderBolt" attack and they fall to Earth, but Celebi saves them. The Iron Masked Marauder falls down to the forest floor  and is confronted by the old woman, her granddaughter Diana, Maki, and all the Pokémon of the forest. Celebi prepares to bring Sam back to his own time. He has an emotional farewell with Ash and departs with Celebi. Before Ash leaves the town into his next journey, he talks to Professor Oak about what happened, and muses about the story. Professor Oak tells a sad Ash that he and Sam are going to be friends forever. Ash, Brock, and Misty realise they never told Professor Oak Sam\'s name, but are soon distracted by the departing boat. Professor Oak is then shown with the sketch-book from earlier in the film, revealing that Professor Oak  is the grown-up Sam. He finally reveals it happened like it was only yesterday, after musing on a sketch he drew of a sleeping Pikachu and Celebi.'] ['Dorothy Gale ([[Ashanti  is a young woman living in a trailer park in Kansas. She desperately wishes to leave home and become a famous singer, but her dreams of becoming one appear impossible. One day, after completing her shift at the diner run by her Aunt Em  and Uncle Henry , she overhears that the Muppets are looking for a female singer for a cross-country "Star Hunt." Aunt Em disapproves, but with Uncle Henry\'s best wishes, she goes to the audition, arriving late and only managing to give the Muppets a demo CD that she created beforehand. In returning home, the tornado sirens sound, and one hits her family\'s area. When Aunt Em and Uncle Henry run into the county storm shelter for safety, Dorothy hurries back to her family\'s mobile home to get Toto, her pet prawn. She does not make it out in time, and the two are swept by the tornado across the vast fields of Kansas. When Dorothy climbs out of the wreckage, she finds that Toto can talk and that she is no longer in Kansas. Dorothy and Toto discover that they are in Munchkinland, a small town part of the vast Land of Oz. After discussing her situation with the town\'s people the Munchkins , she learns that the land\'s ruler the Wizard, has the power to grant her wish of becoming a famous singer. She meets the Good Witch of the North , and receives a pair of magic silver slippers from the Wicked Witch of the East , the Witch of the North\'s sister who was killed when Dorothy\'s trailer fell on her. Soon after, she embarks on a journey with Toto on the yellow brick road to meet the Wizard of Oz, who lives in the Emerald City, the capital of Oz. On her journey, she meets three creatures: a Scarecrow , a Tin Thing , and a Cowardly Lion . They are also seeking the Wizard of Oz to give them a brain, heart, and courage, respectively. The group meets various obstacles involving a deep gorge where the Kalidah Critics  are heckling them and a Poppy Field Club run by Clifford which nearly puts them to sleep. After arriving at the Emerald City and meeting the Wizard, Dorothy and her friends are sent to retrieve the Wicked Witch of the West\'s magic eye, a tool she uses to see anything she desires in the Land of Oz. The group assumes that completing this task will result in the granting of their wishes. The Wicked Witch of the West  sees them coming and consults with her pet Foo-Foo and her henchman Johnny Fiama. When the Wicked Witch of the West plans to have either her pack of 40 great wolves, a flock of 40 crows, and a swarm of black bees to do away with them, Johnny Fiama tells her that the animals that work for her are unavailable. This resorts to the Wicked Witch of the West using her Magic Biker Cap to call Sal Minella and the other Flying Monkeys  to deal with them. Miss Piggy and the Winged Monkeys capture Dorothy and Cowardly Lion while the Scarecrow and the Tin Thing are dismantled by the Winged Monkeys. After being threatened to be killed by her, Toto calls the Munchkins, who set Dorothy free and repair Scarecrow and Tin Thing. During the final battle, it cuts away to a scene where Quentin Tarantino is discussing with Kermit on ideas for Dorothy to defeat the Wicked Witch of the West. When Quentin\'s ideas are too violent, they agree for Dorothy to do a powerful kick on the Wicked Witch of the West. Cutting back to the action, Dorothy kicks the Wicked Witch of the West into her own "bottled water bath" which contains tap water which she is severely allergic to. This action causes her to melt as Johnny Fiama averts Foo-Foo\'s eyes. With the Wicked Witch of the West dead, Dorothy finds the magic eye unharmed and floating in the tub and grabs it. After gaining control of the Flying Monkeys upon giving Sal Minella back the group\'s Magic Biker Cap, Dorothy travels back to the Emerald City to have her and her friends\' wishes granted. When they all storm into the Wizard\'s room, they discover that the Wizard  is just an ordinary man pretending to be someone he isn\'t. He asked for the witch\'s eye so that she could not see him for who he really was. Even so, he still proceeds to grant their wishes. Dorothy finally becomes a singer in the Land of Oz, but realizes that all she ever really wanted was to go back home and be with her family. After traveling back to Munchkinland, she meets Glind the Good Witch of the South , who tells her that if she clicks her heels together three times, she will be able to go anywhere she desires. She does so, saying "take me home to Aunt Em". She is then spun by the slippers\' charm into Kansas, and, much to her surprise, she finds out that Kermit was looking for her, saying that she had the best voice they heard on the whole search, and that she has been chosen to go on the Star Hunt. Dorothy, having been reunited with her aunt and uncle, and feeling that she is not ready to leave Kansas to become a real star, rejects, but Aunt Em says that she wants her to go with the Muppets on their Star Hunt, much to her even bigger surprise. She then sings "It\'s a Good Life" on television with them as the film ends.'] ['The story is centered on a puppy named Fluke , who has flashing memories and dreams of a human life. After being taken to a pound, and eventually escaping from it, he is raised by an elderly homeless woman named Bella , who gives him the name Fluke, stating that he\'s "a fluke by nature, and by name." After Bella dies of an illness caused by poor conditions, he befriends a street-wise St. Bernard-like dog named Rumbo . During this time he matures into an adult dog , and he eventually realizes that he used to be a workaholic named Thomas P. Johnson  who died in a car crash. Fluke is then abducted by a man named Sylvester  to be used in animal experiments at a cosmetics company. During the tests, Rumbo comes to the rescue. Rumbo is shot by Sylvester as he and Fluke escape. A dying Rumbo tells Fluke that the black-and-white snapshot of a man in a sailor suit was him. He\'s also told that as a human, Bert   was his brother and that he wishes to smell the sea again, suggesting that he died in the line of duty. After Rumbo\'s death, Fluke seeks out his wife  and son  and reunites with them as their dog. Fluke tries to show them who he used to be, at the same time suspecting that his human death was caused by his former business partner Jeff Newman . It\'s during his time among them as a dog that he gets to know his family better and bitterly realizes that he was an emotionally distant workaholic. However, he comes close to killing Jeff, but at the last minute has a flashback and realizes that Jeff wasn\'t involved in his death - his death was caused by his own recklessness. Fluke finally manages to point out to his wife who he really is . With a heavy heart, he decides it\'s better to move on; the man he used to be is dead and gone. So he leaves his family, never seeing them again. He realizes that life is simply meant to be cherished, regardless of how one lives it. Far away, Fluke is resting under a tree by himself. To his surprise, he encounters Rumbo, who is now reincarnated as a squirrel.'] ['During the fall, Tigger has been bouncing on anyone he comes across for fun, especially Rabbit when he is gardening, which makes Rabbit furious. Soon Rabbit holds a meeting with Pooh and Piglet and the three agree to take Tigger to explore through the Hundred Acre Wood the next morning. As they do so, they then abandon Tigger in the hope that he would get lost. The three hide in a log as Tigger searches for them. The three try to make it back home, but end up at a sand pit. Pooh offers a suggestion to search for that same sand pit , and Rabbit responds that he will prove him wrong by finding a way home by himself. After he goes off, Pooh and Piglet wait a long time but he doesn\'t come back. Pooh then realizes that he and Piglet can find their way out of the mist by following Pooh\'s appetite for the honey pots he left at his house. Just when the two finally reach the end of the mist, they come across Tigger. Pooh tells Tigger that Rabbit is still in the forest and Tigger heads back to find him. Rabbit is lost and ends up in a dark, damp and misty part of the forest, where he\'s scared by various animal noises, including frogs croaking and a caterpillar munching loudly on leaves. The sights and sounds drive him mad and he frantically tries to run away in a panic, only to be tackled by Tigger. Tigger explains to him that "Tiggers never get lost", and drags Rabbit home. Wintertime comes and Roo wants to go play. Kanga cannot be with him so she calls on Tigger to look after Roo as long as he comes back in time for Roo\'s nap. Tigger gladly accepts. Along the way through the woods, Tigger and Roo see Rabbit skating on the ice. Tigger tries to teach Roo how to ice skate by doing it himself, but unfortunately, he loses his balance and collides with Rabbit while trying to regain it. In moments Tigger slides into a snowbank and Rabbit crashes into his house. Tigger then decides that he does not like ice skating. Later on, while bouncing around the woods with Roo on his back, Tigger accidentally jumps to the top of a very tall tree and is too scared to dare climb down. He gets even more scared when Roo uses Tigger\'s tail as a swing, making Tigger think he\'s "rocking the forest". Meanwhile, Pooh and Piglet are investigating strange animal tracks that are really Tigger and Roo\'s. Suddenly, they hear Tigger howling, for help and quickly hide. At first, Pooh mistakes Tigger\'s howl for the sound of a "Jagular"; but after seeing that it is only Tigger and Roo in the tree, he and Piglet come to the rescue. Shortly afterward, Christopher Robin, Rabbit, and Kanga arrive and the gang uses Christopher\'s coat as a net for Tigger and Roo to land in once they jump from the tree. Roo successfully jumps down but Tigger, who is still too frightened to move, makes up one excuse after another to not come down. Rabbit then decides that the group will just have to leave Tigger in the tree forever, on which Tigger promises never to bounce again if he ever is released from his predicament. At that moment, the narrator chimes in for help. Tigger begs him to "narrate" him down from the tree, and he tilts the book sideways, allowing Tigger to step onto the text of the page. Tigger starts to feel better that he made it this far but before he can do otherwise, the narrator tilts the book back the other way, causing Tigger to fall down into the snow. Happy, Tigger attempts to bounce but Rabbit stops him reminding Tigger of the promise he made. Devastated, Tigger realizes he cannot bounce anymore and slowly walks away and Rabbit feels better that there will be peace. Everyone else is sad to see Tigger depressed and remind Rabbit of the joy Tigger brought when he was bouncing. Finally, Rabbit also feels sorry for Tigger and takes back the promise they had agreed on; he is then given a friendly tackle by an overly-excited Tigger. Tigger invites everyone to bounce with him and even teaches Rabbit how to do it . For the first time, Rabbit is happy to be bouncing, as is everyone else as Tigger sings his signature song once more before the short closes.'] ['The two Wheaton sisters share a household and a high school, but both feel that they have little else in common. Alexia\'s  days revolve around being popular, dressing stylishly, and spending time with her jock boyfriend, while exerting minimal effort academically. Hayley  is socially reserved, admiring her older sister\'s popularity from a distance while excelling in her studies, particularly science and math. Hayley and Alexia don\'t get along well at all, with Hayley resenting her reliance on her frequently late sister for a ride to school and Alexia preferring not to be seen with her less-than-cool younger sister. One night, Hayley is outside studying the night sky for her science class, while Alexia relaxes in the outdoor hot tub with her boyfriend, Kyle . When Hayley sees a shooting star, she wishes aloud to become her sister Alexia, then turns to see Alexia also watching the sky. The two of them awaken the next morning to find themselves trapped in each other\'s body. Hayley assumes responsibility for the swap, mentioning her wish. Distraught, Alexia forbids Hayley to go to school in her place, and she instigates a variety of wish-making attempts for Hayley to reverse their condition, all of which are unsuccessful. Hayley is content to fill her sister\'s role for the day, as she can now experience the glamor of Alexia\'s life firsthand. After the first day ends, they realize that they may be stuck like this for a while. They each spend the next few days purposely trying to ruin anything important to the other, such as their social reputation and extra-curricular activities. One day, Hayley  wears the same outfit that she had worn the day before, and Alexia  goes to school dressed up as a dominatrix. Their parents choose not to interfere, as they had just started a "hands-off" approach to parenting. Eventually, however, Hayley and Alexia learn to look at their lives with new perspective. As they each become accustomed to the other\'s life, they begin to relate to one another better and become closer as sisters. While spending an evening outside searching for a shooting star to make their wish to switch back, they decide to spend one more day as each other. Hayley\'s task  is to help convince her teachers that Alexia is not an "airhead," and Alexia  is to help show Hayley how easily Hayley can get a guy. Hayley\'s and Alexia\'s plans work, and they decide that it\'s time for them to switch back. As they lay outside watching for a shooting star, they fall asleep early; Hayley wakes up during the night in time to wish on a star. When she awakens the next morning, she finds that they didn\'t switch back and believes that they will never be able to return to their own bodies, but she doesn\'t tell Alexia. Alexia and Hayley attend the Winter Festival dance, where Hayley breaks down and tells Alexia that they can\'t switch back. Alexia then confesses that she saw the first shooting star when she was with Kyle and wished to be Hayley, since she had been jealous of Hayley\'s intellect and well-structured plans for her future. Realizing that it was their combined wishing that caused their switch, they sit outside and, seeing a shooting star, wish together to be themselves again. Opening their eyes, they are delighted to see their wish has come true. They return to the Winter Festival, where Alexia is crowned queen. She then dances on stage with her boyfriend, while Hayley finds their new neighbor Simon and dances with him.'] ["New York City waitress Virginia Lewis and her father, Tony, follow a Golden Retriever named Prince through Central Park and enter a magical traveling mirror that sends them to a fairy tale world known as The Nine Kingdoms. The dog is actually a transformed Prince Wendell, grandson of the late Queen Snow White and future leader of the 4th Kingdom. However, Prince's wicked stepmother the Evil Queen has placed an imposter on the throne and plans to take over all of the Nine Kingdoms. At first, Tony and Virginia are desperate to get home, but must face many dangers. They are accompanied by Prince and a half-wolf  who has fallen in love with Virginia at first sight. The group is pursued by a relentless Huntsman who works for the Evil Queen and seeks to capture Prince. Virginia eventually meets the ghost of Snow White, who reveals she is destined to save the Nine Kingdoms. Tony also recognizes the Evil Queen as his long lost wife and Virginia’s mother. They travel to the castle to stop the Evil Queen, but Wolf seems to have betrayed Tony and Virginia. The Evil Queen has her imposter Prince Wendell crowned king and then tries to poison all the monarchs who attend the ceremony. Luckily, Wolf switches the poison for a sleeping potion and everyone escapes unharmed. Virginia must kill the Evil Queen in self-defense, which pains her greatly. The real Prince Wendell turns back into a human and takes the throne. Grateful to Tony for all his help, Prince Wendell offers him a job at the palace and Tony accepts. Virginia returns Wolf’s love and they travel to New York City as a couple and expectant parents."] ['The 12-year old orphan Kex Bradley stows away in a lifeboat, hoping to see the world, but after being washed overboard he finds himself on Dinotopia. Here, he befriends the beloved young dinosaur "26" . They get in trouble fast as the evil Ogthar is released from his stone prison and recovers the Ruby Sunstone, whose dark power can endanger all of Dinotopia. They soon have to stop Ogthar in time to save Dinotopia. In the process, the Ruby Sunstone is destroyed.'] ['The film begins with Marnie Piper and her mother, Gwen, arguing over why she and her younger siblings Dylan and Sophie can never go out for Halloween and wanting to go to a costume party that the "whole world is going to". Gwen patiently explains, but with no detail, it is little surprise that Marnie still has a problem with her mom\'s order. Gwen has more or less restored order when her mother Aggie, who is an expert witch, shows up for her annual Halloween visit. The kids are happier to see Aggie than Gwen is, and it is soon shown why: Aggie openly encourages the kids to get more involved in all things Halloween, and Gwen is nearly powerless to stop her. Aggie seems especially intent on training Marnie as a witch, since it is Marnie\'s 13th Halloween. Of course, Marnie has no idea about any of this. Aggie drops a huge hint as she is about to head home: reading the kids a bedtime story, when Sophie sees a drawing of a witch that closely resembles her big sister, Aggie does nothing to stop Marnie from imagining such a thing. Gwen and Aggie get into an argument about all of this, and Gwen insists Marnie will be raised as a normal person and not a witch. Aggie says she disagrees with this, but actually she is there for another reason: people have suddenly started mysteriously disappearing. Gwen thinks they just moved, but Aggie says it is not that simple. Aggie desperately asks for Gwen\'s help, but Gwen declines. Aggie is distraught by Gwen\'s disregard for the safety of her old home and leaves, turning the chicken leftovers into a live chicken on the way out. Gwen is not aware Marnie was watching this the whole time. Marnie runs back upstairs to tell Dylan what she just saw, and Dylan says she\'s crazy. They then follow Aggie covertly to a previously non-existent bus stop. When the bus indeed arrives, Marnie and Dylan sneak on board. Suddenly, the bus shakes violently and the bus is filled with flashing lights...and before they know it, the bus is landing in Halloweentown. Aggie doesn\'t see Marnie and Dylan getting off the bus. At the same time, Marnie and Dylan don\'t see Sophie getting off the bus. Dylan notices her, and Marnie asks what she\'s doing here. Sophie says she was only pretending to sleep; she heard everything Marnie told Dylan, and followed them. They all begin to look for Aggie, who they have lost, when the mayor, Kalabar, approaches them. He whistles for the cab, which is driven by Benny, a skeleton with a bad sense of humor. The three siblings find their grandmother\'s home, and against her better judgment, Aggie decides not to take them home immediately. She says she\'ll start Marnie\'s witch training, but has to take care of the bad thing first. She shows her grandchildren what she is talking about: in the cauldron, a vision of a hooded demon appears, laughing maniacally. Aggie has a talisman that she says can defeat this demon, but her witches brew is defective. While taking the kids into town to get the ingredients to make her own, Aggie explains to them them the history of Halloweentown; ages ago, during the "Dark Times", humans and supernatural beings co-existed until humans began to fear them and attempted to exterminate them, with creatures having no choice but to defend themselves . But Merlin, the famous wizard, created the talisman to end the Dark Times and split their universes into two parallel dimensions  so that both races may live in peace. In town, Marnie then discovers a broom shop, and the family is introduced to Luke, who looks like a normal human kid. He makes a clumsy pass at Marnie, which she turns down on the spot. Benny had earlier explained that Luke was once a Goblin, but claimed a shadow demon made him handsome. Marnie picks a broom, and she and Aggie take it for a test drive. When they get back, a distressed and angered Gwen has shown up and orders the kids to return home immediately. Marnie argues with her briefly, but eventually knows she cannot win once Gwen decided to punish her. Gwen can\'t find another bus back to the mortal world, and when she tries to see if the mayor can do anything, she is shocked that the mayor is Kalabar, her old boyfriend. When Kalabar briefly leaves to handle another problem, Gwen and her kids see Aggie walking somewhere with Luke. Sensing Aggie might be in trouble, they follow Aggie and Luke to an abandoned movie theater. Once inside, Gwen and Aggie find themselves battling the hooded demon that they had previously seen in the cauldron. The demon freezes Aggie and Gwen with an evil spell, and suddenly Marnie finds herself in charge. She decides to finish what Aggie started, with some help from Dylan and Sophie, by gathering the ingredients for the witch’s brew that will hopefully make the talisman work. They are successful, and soon find themselves battling the demon, who reveals himself to be none other than Kalabar himself. With the help of Luke, who has realized the error of his ways, Marnie slips past Kalabar long enough to climb up onto a large jack-o-lantern in the center of the town and try to place the talisman inside. Kalabar, finally noticing her, tries to freeze her. Just as she is about the pass out the talisman drops from her hand and lands in the holder inside the jack-o-lantern, lighting it and unfreezing Aggie and Gwen, as well as all the other Halloweentown citizens whom Kalabar had trapped in the theater. After they wake Gwen and Aggie rush to the kids to find out what happened. Marnie, Gwen and Aggie confront Kalabar. Kalabar is apparently bitter over the fact that their kind was forced to relocate to this new world because humans wouldn\'t accept them, and that Gwen passed him over years ago for a mortal man. Aggie, Gwen and Marnie then try to vanquish Kalabar but the three of them alone aren\'t enough. Sophie has also been showing signs of possessing magic, and Dylan, when angered, also displays powers himself despite trying to deny it. The five of them combine their powers and destroy Kalabar using the talisman. Gwen agrees to let Marnie start witch training and even invites Aggie to live with them. The film ends with the family going on to the bus to the mortal world, with a happy goodbye and thanks with Luke as the bus driver, and they blast off. The movie ends with a blackout after they go out unto the sky to the mortal world.'] ["{{plot}} On a distant planet, a powerful wizard named Larigot is hunted by Divatox a pirate and evil queen who seeks his golden key to traverse a dimensional barrier to join forces in an evil matrimony with an evil demon named Maligore. Evading Divatox's Piranhatrons, Larigot transports himself to Earth to seek out his friend Alpha 5 and ask Zordon for help. He ends up landing in Africa and quickly becomes weakened by the planet's ultraviolet light. Seeking out regular animals for help to find Alpha he eventually finds a pack of chimps to take him with them. Meanwhile, while practicing for a martial arts tournament to fund the Angel Grove Youth Shelter with Adam and Tommy, Rocky becomes impatient and makes a bad move, causing him to fall out of the ring and injure his back. Justin, who is one of the children who attend the Youth Center is particularly upset by this and goes to visit Rocky in the hospital. He hides when Tommy, Adam, Kat and Tanya come to visit, and inadvertently witnesses Zordon summon them to the Power Chamber, revealing their identities to him by mistake. At the same time, Bulk and Skull become lost when making their way to an event and are suddenly accosted by Divatox's mutant nephew Elgar, but are rejected as she needs two spirits of purity and strength, which they lack. She then spots two perfect specimens diving off the coast near where the ship is and she captures them. Using tracking devices, Tommy and Kat teleport to Africa to find Larigot. Kat is nearly attacked by a python which Tommy wrestles to the ground, sending Kat over the edge of a large waterfall which injures her leg. They find Larigot who heals Kat's leg with a touch and they return to the Power Chamber. Shortly after, Divatox contacts Zordon and the Rangers using a telepathic transmission from Larigot's wife Yara and their baby Batel. She threatens them harm if Larigot doesn't turn himself over to her willingly, and as an added incentive, she offers her captured specimens; former Power Rangers Jason Lee Scott and Kimberly Hart. When they go to meet, Elgar tricks them and takes Larigot, leaving dummies in place of Kim and Jason. To give chase, the Rangers are given new Turbo powers and powerful car-like Zords. Justin joins them at the last minute as the new Blue Ranger and they board the Ghost Galleon, a ship undetectable by Divatox's scanners. However she detects their presence on the ship and sends Putripods after them. They manage to subdue the creatures and join their Power Keys to traverse the dimensional barrier. Meanwhile, Jason, Kim, Bulk and Skull open the bilge they are being held in and everyone but Jason escapes. Kim is caught by the Malichians, the guardians of Maligore shortly after and becomes Divatox's prisoner again. Meanwhile, the Rangers morph and track Divatox to Maligore's temple. Despite their efforts, Kim and Jason are sacrificed to Maligore and made evil forcing the Rangers to fight them as well as Divatox's minions. Larigot and Yara are reunited and use their powers to cure Jason and Kimberly who help turn the tide of battle. Maligore awakens fully and Divatox sicks him on them, the Rangers form the Turbo Megazord and defeat Maligore. Leaving Divatox to retreat, threatening her revenge on the Rangers for ruining her plans. Jason, Kim, Bulk and Skull are picked up by the Rangers, but the latter pair faint at the sight of Larigot and his family. Later, Jason joins Tommy and Adam in Rocky's place and they win the competition, securing the Youth Center's funding. Later, back at the Power Chamber, the Rangers bid Larigot and his family a fond farewell, the day having been saved once again."] ['The film opens in a California forest as a group of alien botanists collect flora samples. U.S. government agents appear on the scene , and the aliens flee in their spaceship, mistakenly leaving one of their own behind. The scene shifts to a suburban home, where a boy named Elliott, age 10, is trying to hang out with his 16-year-old brother Michael and his friends. As he returns from picking up a pizza, Elliott discovers that something is hiding in their toolshed. The creature promptly flees upon being discovered. Despite his family\'s disbelief, Elliott lures the alien from the forest to his bedroom using a trail of Reese\'s Pieces candy. Before he goes to sleep, Elliott realizes the alien is imitating his movements. Elliott feigns illness the next morning to stay home from school and play with the alien. Later that day Michael and their sister, 5-year-old Gertie, meet the alien. They decide to keep him hidden from their mother. When they ask it about its origin, the alien levitates several balls to represent its solar system and then demonstrates its powers by reviving a dead plant. At school the next day, Elliott begins to experience a psychic connection with the alien. Exhibiting signs of intoxication due to the alien drinking beer, Elliott begins freeing all the frogs from a dissection class. As the alien watches John Wayne kiss Maureen O\'Hara in The Quiet Man, Elliott\'s link causes him to kiss a girl he likes.  The alien learns to speak English by repeating what Gertie says as she watches Sesame Street and, at Elliott\'s urging, dubs itself "E.T." E.T. reads a comic strip where Buck Rogers, stranded, calls for help by building a makeshift communication device, and is inspired to try it himself. He gets Elliott\'s help in building a device to "phone home" by using a Speak & Spell toy. Michael notices that E.T.\'s health is declining and that Elliott is referring to himself as "we". On Halloween, Michael and Elliott dress E.T. as a ghost so they can sneak him out of the house. Elliott and E.T. ride a bicycle to the forest, where E.T. makes a successful call home. The next morning, Elliott wakes up in the field, only to find E.T. gone, so he returns home to his distressed family. Michael searches for and finds E.T. dying in a ditch and takes him to Elliott, who is also dying. Mary becomes frightened when she discovers her son\'s illness and the dying alien, just as government agents invade the house. Scientists set up a medical facility there, quarantining Elliott and E.T. Their link disappears and E.T. then appears to die while Elliott recovers. A grief-stricken Elliott is left alone with the motionless alien when he notices a dead flower, the plant E.T. had previously revived, coming back to life. E.T. reanimates and reveals that his people are returning. Elliott and Michael steal a van that E.T. had been loaded into and a chase ensues, with Michael\'s friends joining them as they attempt to evade the authorities by bicycle. Suddenly facing a dead end, they escape as E.T. uses telekinesis to lift them into the air and toward the forest. Standing near the spaceship, E.T.\'s heart glows as he prepares to return home. Mary, Gertie, and "Keys", a government agent, show up. E.T. says goodbye to Michael and Gertie, as Gertie presents E.T. with the plant that he had revived. Before entering the spaceship, E.T. tells Elliott "I\'ll be right here", pointing his glowing finger to Elliott\'s forehead. He then picks up the plant Gertie gave him, walks into the spaceship, and takes off, leaving a rainbow in the sky as Elliott  watches the ship leave.'] ['Foodfight! takes place in the supermarket at night after everyone has left. The grocery store transforms into a city, and from every door of this city comes two types of characters: well-known marketing icons and new characters, including Dex Dogtective , Sunshine Goodness  and Daredevil Dan . They all hang out at the Copa-Banana in the produce section. Soon, Brand X moves into town, and Lady X  and her minions try to take over.{{cite web}} The animated icons and fictional characters of products — like Mr. Clean and Chester Cheetah — fight the evil "Brand X".TDRL Pursues Paradigm Shift With Foodfight!'] ["A young girl of about 10 years lives in a farm house in the Jurassic mountains in eastern France. One day in autumn, when she walks to school through the forest, she observes a hunting fox. Of course, the fox escapes, but the girl yearns to meet the animal again. She spends most of her free time in the forests trying to find the fox during the following months, but she doesn't meet the fox again until winter comes. During the winter, she follows the fox's tracks far across the fields. Suddenly she compares her hand to the size of the tracks near to those she is following and discovers they are relatively fresh wolf tracks; she is alarmed as a wolf pack begins howling near her. She runs away panicked, falls and hurts her ankle. The ankle heals very slowly, so that she has to stay at home during the winter reading a book about animals of the forest and foxes. When spring arrives, the girl is looking for fox holes and waits for a fox. The fox has young babies and moves holes because of her observations; therefore the girl decides to observe the fox from a greater distance. She finds the fox again and tries to get the animal accustomed to her. She feeds it with meat. Later she can even touch the fox and is led to the new den. Finally, the fox arrives at her house and she lets it inside, wanting to show it her bedroom. But the fox becomes distressed at not being able to find a way out and escapes by jumping through the closed window breaking the glass. The fox is hurt badly, but survives and the girl learns that she cannot keep wild animals as pets at home. Years later she tells the whole story to her son, as seen at the end of the film."] ['Will Stanton  is a day away from his fourteenth birthday. As the Stanton children walk home, Miss Greythorne , the local mistress of the Manor, and her Butler Merriman Lyon  invite the siblings to a Christmas party. Later, two farmers, Dawson  and Old George , whom Will does not know, arrive at his house with a large Christmas tree ordered by the family. The farmers know Will’s name, wish him a happy birthday, and predict bad weather despite the clear sky. Will’s birthday is so close to Christmas that everyone in his large family ignores it except for his little sister Gwen , who gives him his only birthday present . The family has moved from the United States to a small English village and one of his brothers has arrived home for the holidays and displaces Will to the attic. For a Christmas present, Will buys Gwen an enigmatic stone pendant at the local mall. Two suspicious security guards accuse him of shoplifting and take him to their office. Alarmingly, whilst questioning Will under the room\'s flickering lights, the guards metamorphose into rooks. They attack Will, but he manages to escape, accidentally using his powers for the first time. Will begins to experience more odd incidents and receives a strange and Celtic-looking belt from his oldest brother, Stephen . At the Manor Christmas party, Will once again sees Dawson and Old George who seem to know him well. Miss Greythorne and Merriman debate about when and how to approach Will about his destiny. Maggie Barnes , an attractive local girl appears at the party and Will becomes upset when one of his older brothers approaches her and begins chatting to her. Will leaves the Manor, and an ominous figure mounted on a white horse and accompanied by dogs chases Will. As the ominous figure prepares to kill Will, who is currently no match for him, Miss Greythorne, Merriman, Dawson, and Old George suddenly appear and save Will. Merriman names the threatening figure as The Rider, who warns them all that in five days\' time his power – The Dark – will rise. The four adults are the last of the Old Ones – ancient warriors who serve The Light – and take Will on a walk through time and space to a place called the Great Hall, which in the present day is the church the Stantons attend. Will is the last of the Old Ones to have been born: he is the seventh son of a seventh son whose power begins to ascend on his fourteenth birthday, though Will disputes this idea because he believes he is the sixth son. Will is The Seeker: the sign-seeker who must locate six Signs whose possession will grant The Light power over The Dark. The Rider is also seeking them. Will returns home to his attic room and falls and twists his ankle. The doctor who calls is The Rider in disguise but he is recognized by Will. The Rider demonstrates his powers on Will’s ankle by alternately healing it and making it much worse before restoring it to its injured state. Will discovers he has a lost twin brother named Tom, who, as a baby, mysteriously disappeared one night and was never found. Merriman instructs Will on his powers, which include summoning superhuman strength, commanding light and fire, telekinesis, stepping through time, and the unique knowledge to decipher an ancient text in the Book of Gramarye. Will returns to The Great Hall, and learns the form each sign will take. Will reveals the first sign within Gwen’s pendant. As the sign-seeker, Will travels through time to find the next four signs. The Rider enlists a mysterious figure to help him get the signs from Will. When Will\'s brother invites Maggie to their home, she reveals some of her powers to Will. Will reveals his affections for her, saying he felt an instant connection with her. He tells her he has been thinking of her constantly. The Rider also tricks Will\'s older brother Max into helping him. The spell over Max is finally broken when Will uses his great strength to give Max a concussion. By the fifth day, The Dark that The Rider commands has now gained tremendous power and begins to attack the village with a terrible blizzard. Will locates the fifth sign but without the sixth sign, the Dark continues to rise. Maggie is revealed to be the mysterious witch helping the Rider in exchange for immortal youth. She is betrayed by him when she fails to get the fifth sign and ages rapidly, disintegrating into a flood of water. The Old Ones and Will seek sanctuary in the Great Hall, where the Rider cannot enter unless invited. However, The Rider\'s final trick  gains him access to The Great Hall. The Rider reveals that he has trapped Tom, whom The Rider mistook for The Seeker and kidnapped, within a glass sphere. He sends Will into an evil dark cloud. As he enters, Will solves the riddle of the sixth sign: he himself is the sixth sign. With all six signs identified The Rider cannot touch nor harm Will. Using his power over the dark, Will banishes both The Rider – imprisoning the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres – and The Dark. The sphere disappears into murky water. Will and Tom are reunited and return to their family.  The signs that Will found, in the order he found them, were: # Inside a pendant Will bought for his little sister Gwen in a mall # Just before the black plague, inside a skull\'s mouth under a church – the skull belonging to the creator of the signs – at the beginning of the 14th Century # On a shield some time in the past when Vikings attacked the village. He trades the watch Gwen gave him for his birthday for the sign. # On one of the feathers of "The Champion" from 1690 # Underwater in the manor when it was flooded, at the time of Maggie\'s demise # Will\'s soul'] ["Teen-aged Hans Christian Andersen daydreams instead of studying for school. He runs away from home. Whenever he falls asleep, he dreams that he is in strange adventures with tailors, a tiny girl no bigger than a thumb, a mermaid, a devil boy in Eden, and others. In reality, as well as in his dreams, Hans is searching for the Garden of Paradise, which in reality, does not find. The dream sequences are puppet animation, complete with a puppet version of himself. These dreams become the basis for his fairy tale fictions, which he writes as an adult: The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Ugly Duckling, The Emperor's New Clothes, and The Garden of Paradise."] ['The Care Bears live in a cloud-filled land known as Care-a-lot . One of the Bears, Grumpy, is working on a rainbow carousel for the upcoming Care Bear Fair. His fellow Care Bears come by for a look; one of them, Funshine, loves telling jokes and making the other Care Bears laugh. After they reluctantly agree to try the carousel, it goes out of control and sends them into the sky before crashing down. Grumpy feels even worse after Funshine tries to cheer him up with a joke on height restrictions, which the other Bears find funny. Grumpy is not amused, and even goes so far as to tell Funshine that if he doesn\'t understand that cheering up isn\'t making fun of, then maybe Funshine doesn\'t belong in Care-A-Lot. As a result, the Bears force Grumpy to apologise to the ursine comedian. Reading from a note, Tenderheart Bear realizes that Funshine has felt sorry for Grumpy and has gone in search of a place where his talents can be better appreciated. The other Bears are worried about his fate; as they cannot hold their Fair without him, they decide to look for him regardless and bring him back to Care-a-lot. Five of them&mdash; Tenderheart, Grumpy, Wish, Cheer and Share volunteer, while Laugh-a-Lot, Love-a-Lot, Friend, Good Luck, Bedtime and Champ stay home to get ready for the fair. The day after he runs away , Funshine hears circus music in the distance, and strays from his camping spot to find out. Taking a seat on a bumper car, he embarks on a long ride which leads him to Joke-a-lot, a town where humour is dominant . The area\'s residents are astonished when he lands via parachute upon the town square; a female piglet called Gig tells him where he now is. Then a rat named Sir Funnybone arrives at the scene, and dubs Funshine the area\'s long-lost King . Funnybone actually placed the car within the woods so that he could begin to gain his own power; he tells that to his henchmen, a trio of houseflies named Phido, Cleon and Bidel. Eventually, Funshine learns the hard way that "serious" is a very bad word in Joke-a-lot. The Joke-a-lot residents celebrate a "Laff-Fest" in his honour; Funnybone gives him a tour of the town, and takes him to his Royal Palace, where Funshine learns of the last two Kings and is introduced to the Royal Sceptre. Stored in a vault within the voice-activated Royal Treasury, the sceptre holds the Royal Jewels of Joke-a-lot, which Funnybone says are "the source of the magic power behind all the fun" there; only the king is granted access. Funshine wants to look, but Funnybone tells him that a coronation is about to take place. He plans to take command of the sceptre, now in the hands of a slow, elderly alligator called Grand Duke Giggle. At the coronation, Joke-a-lot\'s new "king" tells his audience two jokes to pass the time, before Grand Duke Giggle proceeds to give him the sceptre. Meanwhile, the other Care Bears find his belongings and take the same ride that he did. After they crash into the Royal Palace, Funshine is delighted to see them, but the Bears are a bit puzzled over what he has become. They miss Funshine and want him to return to Care-a-lot where he belongs; thus, he must make a very difficult decision&mdash;to head back home with them, or remain King of Joke-a-lot . He then announces that he will go home, but Sir Funnybone wants him to stay as king. During the "Laff-Fest", Giggle gives the sceptre to the new king. Funnybone orders Phido, Cleon and Bidel to steal it when Funshine is not looking. He gets into the Treasury with it, unlocks the Royal Jewels, and escapes with this loot on a pink dirigible. As Grumpy is fixing his carousel, the other Bears must use it to stop Funnybone. The machine spins onto the dirigible, bursting the balloon and sending it aground. When the Care Bears come to the rat, he reveals his real name and homeland&mdash;Basil Ratbone, from the No Fun Atoll, whose inhabitants have lived through a "serious" modus operandi. He wanted the jewels so much to enliven his fellow residents that he planned on stealing them from Joke-a-lot, and even pretended that Funshine\'s "tummy symbol" was the royal birthmark. Instead, the real one&mdash;a "smiley mouth"&mdash;was at the back of Gig\'s ears. The other Bears open the chest to find a jack-in-the-box, and other toys, which Funshine assures them are the real magic jewels. Funnybone apologises for his misdeeds, and soon all of Joke-a-lot attends a coronation in which Gig becomes their Princess . The Bears promise to return to Joke-a-lot on occasion, and ride home on the flying horses from their carousel.'] ['After Shrek  and Fiona  come back from their honeymoon, they find an invitation to a royal ball with Fiona\'s parents to celebrate their marriage, an event Shrek is reluctant to participate in. Fiona, Shrek and Donkey  travel to the kingdom of Far Far Away and meet Fiona\'s parents, King Harold and Queen Lillian , who are surprised by Fiona\'s choice of husband and her new appearance. Harold becomes repulsed and at a shared meal, as he and Shrek get into a heated argument over how Shrek and Fiona will raise their family. Fiona, disgusted at Shrek\'s and her father\'s behavior, locks herself in her room that evening, where she meets her Fairy Godmother , who is also surprised at Fiona\'s new looks. Shrek worries that he has lost his true love, particularly after finding the diary from her teenhood and reading that she was once infatuated with Prince Charming . King Harold is accosted by the Fairy Godmother and Charming, her son. He had arranged with the Fairy Godmother that her son would overcome many obstacles in order to rescue Fiona and break the spell, finding instead the Big Bad Wolf using the tallest tower as a hangout. They reprimand Harold for breaking an old promise that Charming would be able to marry Fiona and demand that he find a way to get rid of Shrek. After Shrek reads Fiona\'s diary and pages containing the single phrase "Mrs. Fiona Charming", Harold arranges for Shrek and Donkey to join him on a fictitious hunting trip, which really is a trap to lure the two into the hands of an assassin, Puss in Boots . When Fiona realizes that Shrek left, she asks her father for help, but he replies that he always wanted the best for her and that she should think about what is the best for her, too. Puss is unable to defeat Shrek and, revealing that he was paid by Harold, asks to come along as a way to make amends. Shrek decides to go to the Fairy Godmother for help. However, the Fairy Godmother states that ogres do not live "happily ever after" and refuses to assist. Nonetheless, the three sneak into the Fairy Godmother\'s potion factory and steal a "Happily Ever After" potion that Shrek believes will restore Fiona\'s love for him. Shrek and Donkey both drink the potion, which doesn\'t appear to work, but when it starts to rain, they leave, and in doing so they fail to notice that a mushroom that Shrek previously sneezed potion on changes into a beautiful rose. They wait out the storm in a barn and, while there, Shrek and Donkey become dizzy and fall over and into a deep sleep. When they awake, they discover the potion has taken effect: Shrek is now a handsome human, while Donkey has turned into a stallion. In order to make the change permanent, Shrek must kiss Fiona by midnight. He, Donkey, and Puss return to the castle to discover that the potion has also transformed Fiona back into her former, human self from the first movie. However, the Fairy Godmother, having learned of the potion\'s theft, sends Charming to the castle, where he poses as Shrek to win Fiona\'s love. Although Harold recognizes Charming for who he really is, he doesn\'t speak up. Shrek heartbroken lets Fiona go, believing she will be happier with Charming. A few hours later, Shrek hears that Fiona hasn\'t fallen for Charming, and that Harold has been given a love potion to put in Fiona\'s tea, which will cause her to fall in love with the first person she kisses. Harold, knowing that it is madness refuses, but the Fairy Godmother threatens to take away his \'Happily Ever After\', if he does not fulfill her wish. The trio overhear the exchange, and are noticed by the Fairy Godmother, who has them arrested by the royal guards and thrown into a dungeon. When the royal ball begins, several of Shrek\'s friends band together to free the trio  and create a gigantic gingerbread man , which breaks through the castle\'s defences so Shrek can stop the kiss, Mongo falls into the moat, losing his arms as a result. When Shrek arrives, Charming forcibly kisses Fiona, believing the potion has taken effect, Fiona knocks him out temporarily with a headbutt. When the Fairy Godmother confronts Harold, he reveals that he gave her the wrong tea, having realized her love for Shrek. The Fairy Godmother tries to kill Shrek, Harold commits self-sacrifice to save Shrek, his armour reflects and disintegrates the Fairy Godmother into a cloud of bubbles; it also returns Harold to his true form, that of the Frog Prince. Harold apologizes to Shrek and Fiona for everything he has done, and now realizes what is best for Fiona, giving his blessing. Shrek forgives him, and Lillian tells Harold that she still loves him no matter what. When it is midnight, Shrek tells Fiona that if they kiss now, then their change will be permanent. But Fiona says that she wants more than any other princess wants to live happily ever after with the ogre she married. The clock chimes as the potion\'s effects wear off, with Donkey changing back as well, much to his chagrin, he cheers up as Shrek reassures him he still is a noble steed to him, Puss and Donkey sing as the royal ball resumes celebrating the true loved newlyweds. After the credits roll Donkey is seen complaining about missing his dragon mate, suddenly she appears with six babies they call "Dronkeys" ".'] [' Coraline Jones moves with her mother and father from her comfortable life in Pontiac, Michigan to the Pink Palace, a dilapidated three-bedroom apartment building in Ashland, Oregon, which is also occupied by retired actresses Misses Spink and Forcible, and eccentric Russian acrobat Mr. Bobinsky. With her parents perpetually working on a gardening catalog and paying little attention to her, Coraline feels neglected and decides to explore their new home, befriending Wybie Lovat, the grandson of the apartments\' landlady. While exploring, Coraline finds a small door sealed off by a brick wall. That night, Coraline is awakened by a mouse and follows it to the small door where she discovers a long, dark corridor in the brick wall\'s place. Coraline goes through it and finds herself in the Other World, a fantastical parallel version of the Pink Palace inhabited by doppelgangers of her parents called the Other Mother and Other Father, who have black buttons for eyes. These beings prove to be warmer and more attentive than Coraline\'s real parents, particularly the Other Mother, who does everything she can to impress Coraline. Coraline decides to stay the night at the Other World, but when she wakes the next morning, she finds herself in her old world. Despite warnings of danger from her neighbors, Coraline continues to go to the Other World at night to escape from the doldrums of her real life and is entertained by button-eyed "Other" versions of her neighbors, including a mute Other Wybie, who guides her through the Other World. During her third visit, Coraline encounters a black cat from her own world that has the ability to talk in the Other World, and also warns Coraline of danger. She disregards the warnings until the Other Mother invites her to live in the Other World forever if she sews buttons over her eyes. When Coraline demands to return home, the Other Mother angrily reveals her true form as a monstrous witch and traps Coraline in a small room behind a mirror where she meets the ghosts of three children who had lost their eyes and souls to the Other Mother. With the help of the Other Wybie, Coraline escapes to her own world, but finds that her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother. Armed with a seeing stone provided by the real Spink and Forcible, Coraline returns to the Other World and challenges the Other Mother to a game to find her missing parents and the eyes of the ghost children in the Other World, agreeing to stay in the Other World if she loses. Coraline uses her seeing stone to find the ghosts\' eyes and outwits the twisted inhabitants of the Other World guarding them, and later finds her parents trapped in a snow globe. Knowing that the Other Mother will never let her leave even if she wins, Coraline tricks the Other Mother into opening the door to the real world and escapes through it, closing the door on the Other Mother\'s hand and severing it. Coraline finds her parents safe with no memory of what had happened, and the ghost children at peace. To keep the Other Mother from returning, Coraline intends to drop the key to the door between her world and the Other World down a water well near her house, but the Other Mother\'s severed hand enters Coraline\'s world and tries to drag Coraline back to the Other World. Wybie arrives and destroys the hand, and he and Coraline drop its remains and the key down the well. With her parents done with their work and able to spend time with their daughter, Coraline holds a garden party with her family and neighbors, content with her new life. In a post-credits scene, the mice are floating around and around.'] ['Shrek , a grouchy, cynical, terrifying greenogre that has always enjoyed living in peaceful solitude in his swamp, finds his life disrupted when thousands of various fairytale characters are exiled into his swamp by order of the obsessive, evil, fairy-tale hating Lord Farquaad . Shrek announces to the fairytale creatures that to see Farquaad to move them out of his swamp and back where they came from, Shrek brings along a talking Donkey . Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man  into revealing the whereabouts of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with an object Farquaad has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. The Mirror tells Farquaad that he can only become a real king by marrying a princess . The Mirror gives him three princesses to choose from : Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona . Farquaad chooses Fiona and silences the Mirror before he can mention "the little thing that happens at night" . Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad\'s palace in Duloc, where they find themselves in the midst of a tournament. The winner will have the "privilege" of attempting to rescue Fiona from a castle surrounded by lava and protected by a fire-breathing dragon so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek  easily beats the other knights in a fashion that resembles a wrestling match and Farquaad agrees to remove the fairytale creatures from the swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona. Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona. Donkey encounters the dragon and sweet-talks the beast to save himself before discovering that the dragon is female. Dragon takes a liking to Donkey and carries him to her chambers. When Shrek finds Fiona, she is appalled at his lack of romanticism. As they are leaving, Shrek manages to save Donkey, caught in Dragon\'s tender clutches, and causing her to become irate, chasing Shrek, Fiona, and Donkey out of the castle. At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but quickly becomes disappointed when Shrek takes his helmet off and she realises that he is an ogre. The three make their return journey to Farquaad\'s palace Fiona wants to camp out for the night real badly and decides to sleep in a cave while, Shrek and Donkey stay awake and watch the stars while Shrek tells stories about great ogres and informs Donkey that he plans to build a 10-foot wall around his swamp when he returns. When Donkey persistently asks Shrek why he is doing this, Shrek sadly confesses to him that everyone judges him before they know him; therefore, he feels he is better off alone, despite Donkey\'s admittance that he did not immediately judge him when they first met. The next day, Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. Later the trio were almost to Duloc and that night Fiona takes shelter in a nearby abandoned windmill. When Donkey hears strange noises coming from the windmill, he finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. Fiona explains she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night, which is why she was locked away in the castle, and that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love\'s true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona and to give her a sunflower, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he misinterprets her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" as being disgusted with him. Fiona makes Donkey promise not to tell Shrek about the spell, vowing to do it herself, but when the next morning comes, Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to Fiona. The two return to the castle, while a hurt Shrek returns to the now-vacated swamp, not long after breaking off his friendship with Donkey, out of anger. Shrek finds that, despite his privacy, he is miserable and misses Fiona. Furious at Shrek for what he did, Donkey comes to the swamp where Shrek reveals that he overheard Donkey and Fiona\'s conversation. Donkey keeps his promise to Fiona and tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else. He then tells him that Fiona will be getting married shortly, urging Shrek into action to gain Fiona\'s true love. They are able to travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey. Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, and tells Fiona that Farquaad isn\'t his true love, but only marring him to be king. The sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone in the church, causes Shrek to fully understand what he overheard at the windmill, Farquaad, disgusted over the change, orders Shrek killed and Fiona imprisoned, but Shrek whistles for Dragon, who bursts in, along with Donkey, and devours Farquaad. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken, but is surprised to find that she has remained an ogress, as she thought she was supposed to become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is beautiful. The two of them get married in the swamp and depart on their honeymoon while the rest celebrate by singing "I\'m a Believer".'] ['Michael Baskin is an average 11-year old boy. His father, Billy Baskin, is a struggling artist and temporary sole caregiver of the children while his wife attends to the needs of her recently deceased father in Australia. Upon hearing the news that an abandoned mansion has recently burned down, Michael and his friend Connie decide to explore the remains. Outside the mansion, Connie dares Michael to take a look inside, leading to a frightening encounter with the ghosts of its homeless inhabitants who had died in the fire. Michael does not know this yet, but his fearsome run in with the ghosts has given him a mysterious illness simply known as "The Fright". Michael wakes up the next morning to find out that "The Fright" has made him lose all of his hair. After a failed attempt with a wig , the ghosts visit Michael in his sleep and give him the recipe of a magical formula for hair growth, the main ingredient of which is peanut butter. Michael\'s first attempt to make the formula is thwarted when his father and sister think he is making something unwanted and dispose of it. The ghosts return the following night, giving Michael a second chance to pay him back for giving his money to some homeless people, and also give Michael special instruction not to add too much peanut butter, as it will end in dreadful results. Michael successfully makes the formula this time, but ignores their instructions not to overdo the peanut butter, and wakes up the next morning to find that his new hair has already began to grow. After only a few minutes, Michael has grown a full head of hair. Suspicious of his fast growing follicles, Connie confronts Michael about his unusual ability. When Michael reveals to him his concoction, Connie decides to apply some of it to his nether region in an attempt to cheat puberty\'s timeline. Connie soon discovers that the joke is on him. Pretty soon, Michael and Connie\'s hair grows to such lengths that it has become a nuisance for the school and their classmates, resulting in their suspensions. While Michael frantically searches for a solution, Connie discovers that the hair will stop growing by yelling at it. The art teacher at Michael\'s school, simply called the Signor, frightens children and forbids them from using their imagination. After getting fired from the school, the Signor finds out about Michael\'s condition and kidnaps him  to make magic paint brushes from Michael\'s ever-growing hair, in which he subdues Michael with a knockout drug. The kidnapped children are put to work under tough conditions. "We have to make 500 brushes a day, or we don\'t eat!" The paintbrushes are so powerful that they paint whatever their user imagines. Connie and Michael\'s sister, Susan, discover the Signor\'s magical paintbrush factory and try to rescue Michael. Connie tries to use force, but he is overpowered by Signor and his dog James. Instead, Connie tricks the Signor into painting a picture of the abandoned mansion. Connie then dares him to investigate inside, leading "The Fright" to be passed on from Michael to the Signor. Signor, now bald, escapes from the haunted house and chases the children, locking them up. Just as Connie is about to escape with Michael, Susan and their dad find the factory and the Signor is arrested by the local police. The film ends with the family reunited as the mother has returned home, and Michael\'s hair has stopped growing out of control.'] ["Casper and his friend Hairy Scary are in a house about to be demolished on Christmas Eve and go out to look for a new place to move to after Christmas. Then Yogi and his friends get lost and arrive at Casper and Hairy's house and clean and decorate it to celebrate Christmas. Then Casper befriends Yogi and company only for Hairy to try to ruin the fun for Casper and his new friends. Then Hairy has a change of heart and celebrates Christmas with Casper and his new friends and ending with Santa Claus saving the house and turning it into Hairy's Haunting Lodge."] ['In 1946, Lady Mary Craven  visits an American orphanage, telling the children about an exchange program that will allow one child to travel to England and stay at Misselthwaite Manor, which is now an orphanage. She meets young Lizzie Buscana , who is in the garden trying to take care of her mother\'s rose bush. Lady Mary tells Lizzie about the exchange program and the secret garden, whereupon Lizzie agrees to participate so she can see the garden for herself. Lizzie arrives in England and is met at the train station by Martha Sowerby , who runs Misselthwaite Manor. Lizzie quickly discovers that the children are only allowed to be in the garden on Sunday after church and must be on their best behaviour and not touch anything. Making friends with Geraldine, Steven and Robert , Lizzie visits the garden after curfew and realizes that she must help it. Returning to the manor Lizzie notices a fire in Robert\'s room, caused by Robert having fallen asleep with a candle still lit. After alerting everyone and helping put out the fire, she is questioned by Martha as to why she is still dressed and how she knew there was a fire. Lizzie tells Martha about her illicit visit to the garden, and Martha discovers that Lizzie stole the key to the garden. Martha discovers that Geraldine told Lizzie about the key, but Geraldine believes the key should belong to Lizzie, and that the garden has chosen her, instead of Martha, who could not find the door. Geraldine , who is jealous of Lizzie, learns that Ms. Sowerby gave the key to Lizzie, and persuades Steven to steal it in revenge for Lizzie\'s rejection of his feelings. When Lizzie finds the key missing, she assumes that Robert has taken it, knowing of his animosity towards her. She goes to find the key with Robert and discovers that it was Steven  who took it, on Geraldine\'s instructions, and threw the key in the pond. Lizzie confronts Geraldine, who initially denies it, but confesses when Martha punishes her for being a liar. Lizzie is told that maybe she does not need the key, because of the magic door. When Martha goes to meet Lady Mary, who has returned to Misselthwaite, she tells Mary of the garden\'s untended state, even though it has been well-tended in her absence. Lizzie realises that the garden has been starved of children\'s love and fun; with the help of Robert she gathers the orphans, who run to the quickly-reviving garden. Lady Mary and Sir Colin  arrive with Martha and are amazed, as the garden does not look dead as Martha had described. Lizzie tells Lady Mary that the garden needed love and that she should not have it closed. Lady Mary informs Lizzie that the garden belongs to her, and that it took "a girl from across the sea, many years ago" to bring the garden back to life, and that it has taken a girl from across the sea to do it again, and that it is up to her to do as she wishes with the garden. Lizzie announces that the garden will stay open so that all the children can enjoy it.'] ['When a 12-year-old chimney sweep is wrongfully blamed for being a thief, he makes a run for it, he jumps into a violent river. There he encounters a civilization of anthropomorphic underwater creatures. Before he can return to the surface and clear his name, however, he must help the Water Babies escape the clutches of a killer shark. Featured voices include those of James Mason and Tommy Pender.'] ['{{Plot}} With their mission to capture all 625 experiments and repurpose them on Earth completed, Lilo and her family are honored as heroes by the Galactic Alliance. Jumba is given the confiscated key to his laboratory again, Pleakley is offered a post as chairman of Earth Studies at G.A.C.C.  and Stitch is made a Captain of the Galactic Armada and commander of his new commissioned ship BRB-9000 . Lilo is made Galactic Federation Ambassador to Earth and sole guardian of Stitch\'s "cousins". Before they leave, Lilo gives Jumba her favourite Elvis record, Pleakley a paperweight  and Stitch a necklace with a Ku Tiki . Meanwhile at prison, Gantu has decided that since he failed in capturing all of the experiments , he will break Dr. Hämsterviel out of prison. He takes the two-man Space Shuttle, leaving 625 alone. Stitch is assigned to recapture Hämsterviel. Pleakley is first overjoyed at his new position at G.A.C.C., until his assistant tells him that he is merely a supervisory professor—he will teach no classes. Jumba is also happy at first returning to many of his "Evil Genius" ways, but discovers that without anyone to show his accomplishments to, he is as unhappy as the others. Jumba\'s sadness is short-lived when Hämsterviel and Gantu burst in. Hämsterviel forces Jumba to create a new and better experiment to defeat the Galactic Alliance. The new creation has all of Stitch\'s powers and some others. Hämsterviel names the creature Leroy. Stitch arrives, seeking to capture Hämsterviel. After a fight that destroys Jumba\'s lab, Stitch is defeated when Pleakley appears at an unfortunate moment, distracting Stitch long enough for Leroy to lock him in a glass capsule. Hämsterviel reveals he plans to clone an army of Leroys to take over the Galactic Alliance. Before leaving for Turo, Hämsterviel locks Jumba, Pleakley and Stitch in Pleakley\'s space vehicle, and sends the ship into a black hole. Back on Earth, Lilo makes the rounds to ensure that all of the "cousins" are still happy in their "one true place". After a confrontation with Mertle, Lilo decides to contact Stitch. Lilo realizes the only inter-galactic videophone on the planet available, , is in Gantu\'s ship. There she finds 625, who is bitter about being left behind by Gantu and asks to use the videophone. However, 625 says it is broken. It occurs to Lilo that 625 doesn\'t have a name and, after several sandwich puns, settles on "Reuben". Reuben consents to help Lilo. Once the videophone is fixed, Lilo contacts the BRB-9000. Leroy makes a convincing impersonation of Stitch, but Lilo knows that Leroy is not Stitch because he does not have the tiki necklace. Hämsterviel decides on a new task for Leroy: go to Earth and capture all of the other experiments so he may destroy them. Lilo, sensing Stitch is in trouble, asks Reuben for help fixing Gantu\'s ship. After some reluctance, he agrees. As they leave, Leroy crashes on Earth in Mertle\'s backyard. As Jumba, Pleakley, and Stitch head towards the black hole, Stitch escapes and frees the others. However, the navigational computer is locked on course for the black hole. Jumba says that the black hole will teleport them to a volcanic planet where they will be instantly vaporized, but if they can disrupt the event horizon by throwing a small object into the black hole, it will send them somewhere else. Pleakley pulls out the rock that Lilo gave him and Stitch throws it at the black hole. There is a flash and the vehicle is sucked in. On Earth, Leroy obtains Lilo\'s scrapbook of "cousins" and quickly captures all of them . Lilo and Reuben arrive at Turo, but they are too late. Hämsterviel has taken over using Leroy and orders Gantu to lock them up, then turn in his I.D. card and cape. Gantu captures Lilo and Reuben, but decides to release them because Hämsterviel fired him. After a close call with several Leroy clones, they are trapped. All looks lost until the G.A.C.C. van suddenly appears. With no time to explain, Lilo, Reuben and Gantu all climb in and head for Earth. On Earth, the original Leroy has herded all the experiments into a large stadium, where "Alohapalooza," is scheduled to take place. The BRB-9000 appears and Hämsterviel prepares to obliterate all of the experiments, until a timely appearance by Lilo, Stitch and the others destroys the BRB\'s primary cannon. Hämsterviel reveals that he brought along his Leroy army as backup. Stitch rallies his "cousins" and the experiments begin to battle. It soon becomes apparent that the Leroys are more than a match for the good guys. Jumba remembers that he programmed a secret shut-down command into Leroy. When the original Leroy was created, Jumba was playing a recording of Elvis Presley singing "Aloha \'Oe". If Leroy hears that song again, it will cause him to deactivate. Lilo, seeing the equipment set up for the concert, devises a plan. With Jumba controlling the sound, Pleakley on lights, and Gantu providing fireworks, Stitch appears on-stage in full Elvis attire. He begins to play "Aloha \'Oe" with Lilo and Reuben singing along and some of the other experiments on instruments and, sure enough, the Leroys shut down. His plan foiled, Hämsterviel is recaptured. Back at Galactic Alliance HQ, the Grand Councilwoman calls Lilo and the others "heroes of the Alliance." Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley ask to be allowed to return to Earth with Lilo. The Grand Councilwoman accepts this, then asks Captain Gantu if he would like to be reinstated as a Captain of the Armada. Gantu agrees on the condition that Reuben be assigned as his Galley Officer. Back on Earth, Lilo sets up for one last picture. Mertle arrives with Gigi . Though Mertle still thinks Lilo is weird, she says that Gigi wants to be part of the "ohana." Lilo\'s last picture in the cousins album is of all of the experiments still on Earth, plus herself, Mertle, Jumba, Pleakley, Nani, and Nani\'s boyfriend David. Meanwhile, Lilo has already found out where Leroy and his clones belong, in jail. Before the ending credits, the clones of Leroy happily dance to the Elvis Presley song Jailhouse Rock, with an angry Dr. Hämsterviel tapping his feet. As the credits roll, a full list of Jumba\'s experiments 001 through 626, and the names they were given by Lilo, scrolls along the left side of the screen.'] ['Harah is a kumiho in the guise of a beautiful young woman, who desperately desires to become human. She falls in love with a charming taxi driver, Hyuk, and tries to use him to achieve her goal. But an agent from hell has been sent to track down and destroy her.'] ['At the beginning of the story, we see Frosty’s hat escape from a locked chest in an attic, fly out a window, and descend on the picture perfect town of Evergreen. Frosty first reveals himself to Tommy Tinkerton , the son of the town’s impossibly upbeat but no-nonsense mayor, Mr. Tinkerton . Tommy dares not to accept Frosty’s invitation to play outside in the snow, because he’s afraid of disappointing his father. So Frosty instead befriends Tommy’s best friend, Walter Wader, who shocks everyone, especially his very strict mother, by breaking curfew and flying, sledding, and snowball-fighting with Frosty. Walter’s rule-breaking gets all the kids of Evergreen talking, but it greatly upsets Principal Pankley ([[Larry Miller , who is even more adamantly opposed to magic than Mr. Tinkerton. Principal Pankley uses the arrival of Frosty to sow doubts among the townspeople about Mayor Tinkerton’s leadership, and little by little he begins to take over the town. But once magic is stirred up, it isn’t easily contained. One by one, Frosty wins over the other kids of Evergreen, including Sara Simple  ; Tommy’s brother, Charlie Tinkerton; and Sonny, Sully, and Simon Sklarew. Frosty befriends each of them through the simple means of believing in them, which inspires them to begin to believe in themselves. Increasingly desperate to deny the existence of Frosty and keep Evergreen fun-free, Principal Pankley tricks Walter Wader into helping him lure Frosty for some ice-skating fun, then tricks Frosty into venturing onto thin ice. Before Walter can save his friend, Frosty falls through the ice and melts, and Principal Pankley captures Frosty’s hat, which is the key to his magic. As all of this unfolds, Tommy Tinkerton, who was the first one to whom Frosty appeared, has been sitting on the sidelines, watching his best friend, his brother, and his hoped-for sweetheart experiencing adventure and magic in which he could share. But he has held back, even though he yearns to meet Frosty, out of loyalty to his dad . Everything changes, though, when Tommy finds a secret room beneath the library, in which he discovers a comic book filled with secrets about Frosty. At first, most of the comic book is blank. Each time Tommy checks it again, new panels appear. Over the course of several scenes, Tommy learns that Frosty’s magic is in his hat; that his dad  met Frosty when he was a boy, and did believe in magic once upon a time; and that Principal Pankley, a childhood friend of his father’s, took Frosty’s hat and hid it away in an attic , causing young Mr. Tinkerton to lose his faith in magic. The comic book also reveals to Tommy what Principal Pankley has just done  to recapture Frosty. All this time, Tommy has held back from befriending Frosty out of loyalty to his dad, who has always told Tommy not to believe in magic. But now Tommy sees that his dad once believed in magic, too, but was tricked into losing faith. And Tommy realizes that the most loyal thing he can do is not to hide from magic, but to help his dad rediscover that magic is indeed real. Tommy explains what’s really going on to Charlie, Sara, Walter, and the Sklarew triplets, and leads a daring rescue of Frosty’s hat in which all the kids help out. A climactic series of scenes follows in which Principal Pankley tries and fails to recapture the hat, then tries to deter the townspeople  from going into the woods to see what all the ruckus and noise are about. But Mr. Tinkerton refuses to be deterred, and Tommy is able to reintroduce his dad to the old friend, who Mr. Tinkerton had long since stopped believing in. Meanwhile, the other parents are confused and angry: why are their kids out at night? And can this magical snowman they’ve been hearing about be real after all? Principal Pankley tries to stir them up to regain control of the situation, but Walter Wader breaks the spell by throwing a snowball at Principal Pankley. And one by one, the other kids and parents join in, until the town of Evergreen, which had forgotten how to have fun, gives itself over joyously to a “snowball-fighting, horseplaying, lark of a good time.” A brief epilogue shows us Evergreen transformed — with Mr. Tinkerton doing magic tricks, Charlie Tinkerton playing football, Tommy Tinkerton skateboarding, and Sara Simple reading a book about urban planning. All along, the story has been narrated  by a warm, wise, seemingly omniscient old man named Thomas who appears periodically and comments on the events unfolding in Evergreen. In the final scene of the movie, the narrator or Thomas reveals that he is Tommy Tinkerton, all grown up and now married to Sara Simple; and he has been telling us his own story.'] [' {{nihongo}} is a 21-minute short film that is shown before Mewtwo Strikes Back in both the theatrical, VHS and the DVD version of the main film. It is the first of the "Pikachu shorts" in what would be a traditional process of hosting a 20+ minute mini-movie before the main Pokémon feature that would last up until the sixth that would follow, focuses primarily on an action-packed affair involving solely the Pokémon seen from the anime as they take part in a scenario that eventually illustrates a moral. In Pokémon fan communities, Pikachu\'s Vacation was noted for introducing the never-before-seen Pokémon character Snubbull, as well as the first primary anime appearance of Marill. This became a tradition for all Pikachu shorts, as they were used to introduce new Pokémon from the upcoming "generations" of Pokémon games, cards, and anime material. When Ash and his friends stumble upon a Pokémon-only vacation resort, they decide to let their Pokémon have a day of fun and relaxation and let all their Pokémon out as the trainers go relaxing on their own. Pikachu and the Pokémon (Bulbasaur, Charizard, Squirtle, Pidgeotto, Geodude, Onix, Vulpix, [[Zubat  go off into the resort and immediately contend with an unhappy Togepi, which they succeed in doing. Soon, a group of border-ruffian Pokémon — a Raichu, Cubone, Snubbull, and Marill — come along and immediately cause trouble for Pikachu\'s group. The ensuing standoff soon becomes a series of competitions such as a swimming race. Their increasingly passionate rivalry soon comes to a standstill when Pikachu\'s companion Charizard finds its head stuck. Putting aside their squabble, Pikachu and Raichu\'s groups join together to release Charizard, and they soon find themselves as friends for the rest of the day. At the end of the day, Pikachu and his fellow Pokémon leave the resort with fond memories and new friends and rejoin their trainers.  The Pokémon Mewtwo was created in an island laboratory from the DNA of Mew, a rare Pokémon believed to be extinct, recovered from fossilized remains. Displeased with the concept of being nothing more than a mere lab experiment, Mewtwo destroys the laboratory.http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/entertainment/1999/11/10/1999-11-10__pokemon__a_catchy_toon_crea.html{{dead link}} Shortly afterward, he meets Giovanni, the head of Team Rocket, who proposes a partnership with the Pokémon in exchange of helping it control its powers. Mewtwo is "trained" over the next few months, being pitted against challengers in Giovanni\'s gym and restraining Pokémon for Team Rocket to capture. Mewtwo eventually realizes that Giovanni is merely using him as a tool and destroys his headquarters. Mewtwo flies back to the island where it was created and begins plotting revenge against humanity. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum and his friends Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and all their Pokémon companions receive an invitation to a party hosted by the world\'s "greatest Pokémon Master" on New Island. Ash and his friends are excited and rush to the docks in an attempt to catch a boat to New Island, but a storm is mysteriously formed and all boat rides to the island are canceled. Undeterred, several trainers make their way out to the island by riding their Pokémon, though neither Ash nor his friends have any Pokémon of their own that can help them safely navigate the stormy sea. In their latest plot to steal rare Pokémon, Team Rocket offers the trio a lift to the island, disguised as a pair of Vikings, but their small wooden boat is destroyed by a wave. Ash and his friends manage to reach the island with their aquatic Pokémon, and are escorted inside the palace on the island. Mewtwo reveals itself to Ash, his friends, and three other trainers who braved the storm battle as the "World\'s Greatest Pokémon Master," and that it had created the storm with its powers to test the trainers\' wills. After being berated by Mewtwo for the relationships they share with their Pokémon, Ash and some of the other trainers challenge Mewtwo after witnessing Mewtwo\'s confession of having kidnapped Nurse Joy for his own personal purposes, the trainers pit their Pokémon against clones of Venusaur, Blastoise, and Charizard. The clones easily defeat the trainers\' Pokémon. Mewtwo proceeds to steal all the Pokémon present, including Ash\'s Pikachu, with a special set of Poké Balls. Ash pursues his Pokémon as they are taken deep into a cloning facility on the island and rescues them while they are being cloned. The clones join with Mewtwo and the cloning machine explodes, releasing all the captured Pokémon. Mewtwo announces its intentions to overthrow humanity with its army of Pokémon and rule the world. Enraged, Ash lashes out at Mewtwo, who repels and blasts him away with its psychic powers. Ash is saved by Mew, the rare, playful Pokémon having appeared periodically before, who is engaged by Mewtwo. A brutal battle between the trainers\' Pokémon and their clones erupts, although Pikachu refuses to fight with its own clone . The trainers are unable to bear this senseless violence, even while the two sides grow fatigued and Mew and Mewtwo continue fighting. In an attempt to put an end to the ordeal, Mew and Mewtwo sum up all their remaining powers for one final duel. As they open fire however, Ash runs to the center of the arena in a brave but desperate attempt to stop the fight. Ash is turned into stone in the attack, and he collapses in the center of the arena. Pikachu runs to the side of its now-deceased trainer. After trying to get him off the floor, Pikachu attempts again using Thunderbolt, but in vain. In its grief, Pikachu starts crying for its fallen master, the other Pokémon in the arena doing the same. The tears reach Ash, their mystical healing powers reviving him. As everyone rejoices, Mewtwo, taken aback by Ash\'s act of selflessness to save all the Pokémon, has an epiphany over the relationship between humans and Pokémon, and realizes that the circumstances of how one is born should not be allowed to divide anyone. It leaves the island with Mew and the cloned Pokémon, erasing everyone else\'s memory of the horrifying incident, knowing it is for the best. Ash and his friends find themselves back on the docks with no idea how they got there. Ash looks up to the sky and spots Mew flying past, and recounts to his friends how he saw a rare Pokémon on the first day of his journey.'] ['Minty accidentally breaks the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane", which apparently guides Santa Claus to Ponyville. To try to make-up for doing this, Minty gives each pony one of her socks  When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done, Minty states that the sock giving is a bad idea, and then decides she should go to the North Pole herself to set things right. Minty is terrible at balloon flying, so the chase is on to save her in the process of saving Christmas.'] [' The Stooges are three paperhangers who also look after invalid Mary , who always uses a wheelchair. The seemingly helpless blonde, however, is trying to swindle her insurance company out of $25,000, as she is not handicapped in the least. While the Stooges are at work hanging posters, they are taken by one poster that advertises a great hypnotist, Svengarlic . The Stooges want the hypnotist to work his magic on Mary so that she can walk again, but Svengarlic is more interested in winning an audience by hypnotizing the Stooges. Under his spell, they walk out onto a flagpole high on a building and dance. But a distracted bicyclist knocks Svengarlic over and the Stooges are abruptly awakened. They immediately panic when they see where they are, then the flagpole breaks, sending them flying through an open window. The boys land directly in the insurance office where Mary is about to be handed her check. Startled, she jumps out of her wheelchair, exposing her scheme.'] ['The huge kingdom of Takicardia is ruled by a king under the unwieldy title of Charles V + III  XVI. He’s a heartless ruler, hated by his people as much as he hates them. The king is fond of hunting, but is unfortunately cross-eyed – not that anyone would dare acknowledge this in front of him, as the numerous statues and paintings that adorn the palace and the land show. Occasionally the king does hit his target though, notably the wife of the bird, known only as "l\'Oiseau", the narrator of the story who takes pleasure in taunting the terrible king at every opportunity. In his secret apartment, the king dreams of the beautiful shepherdess whose painting he keeps on his wall, but the shepherdess is in love with the chimney sweep whose hated portrait is on the opposite wall. At night the paintings come to life and attempt to escape from the palace, but are pursued by a non-cross-eyed painting of the king that also has come to life, deposed the real king and has taken his place. He orders the capture of the shepherdess and the sweep, but the bird is there to help when called upon. They are pursued to the depths of the Lower City where the inhabitants have never seen the light of the sun and strange creatures including bat-police take up their chase.   {{see}} Only the early scene in the secret apartment is based on The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep, while the rest of the movie focuses much more on the king and the bird, hence the ultimate title. In Andersen\'s tale, the shepherdess and the chimney sweep are china figurines, rather than paintings, and a wooden  satyr wishes to wed the shepherdess, supported by a Chinaman, rather than a king and a classical statue. In both tales, the Chinaman/statue breaks, and the duo escape up the chimney, and delight in celestial bodies, but in Andersen\'s tale the shepherdess is afraid of the wide world and the duo return; this is echoed in the movie where the statue predicts that they will return.'] ['{{Plot}} Ryan Jeffers  is a high school student with a disability, implied to be from an injury. As a result, he spends most of his time reading comic books and imagining other worlds where he might have a great adventure. One day, he stops at his favorite Chinese restaurant, Ming\'s, and visits with the owner . He gives Ryan a manuscript of Tao which is a representation of the five elements that make up their mythology, explaining that the book could lead to Ryan\'s "true enlightenment". Ryan claims he doesn\'t need any "Self Help" books, but takes the manuscript anyway. Later that day, after an "initiation" by the school\'s quarterback, Brad , Ryan awakens in what turns out to be the mythical Land of Tao. In the Land of Tao, Ryan\'s disability is gone, and he has full use of both legs. He\'s attacked by soldiers, and in the process of escaping, Ryan loses his backpack with the manuscript in it. He encounters the dwarf-like Mudlap , who takes him to Elysia , a beautiful girl who takes him to Master Chung  who leads the Warriors of Virtue; five anthropomorphic kangaroos who wield the powers of the elements. They are Lai: Warrior of Wood , Chi: Warrior of Fire , Tsun: Warrior of Earth , and Yee: Warrior of Metal . Yun: Warrior of Water  is no longer with the group. They are interested in finding what they refer to as the "Manuscript of Legend". The evil warlord Komodo  and his army are invading and terrorizing the Land of Tao in his quest for eternal youth by feeding on the special mineral called "zubrium". The Warriors manage to save Ryan from Komodo\'s minion Barbarocious . In order to retrieve the lost manuscript from Komodo, the Warriors join forces once again to invade Komodo\'s fortress. In the course of doing so, they encounter another of Komodo\'s minions, General Grillo . The Warriors of Virtue eventually defeat Komodo in battle when they combine their individual powers after Ryan reads from the Manuscript of Legend\'s inscription "Five is one, Positive Kung. To take a life, you lose a part of yourself." After Komodo\'s defeat, Ryan returns home, just at the point before he is lured into the dangerous "initiation" by the school quarterback.'] ['{{plot}} The movie starts with the history of how dragons came to be. The dragons and their crystals of power came to the human world through a portal from their world. But while the dragons brought knowledge and wanted only peace, the kingdoms of Norvagen and Draigar wanted war and, having misused the knowledge brought by the dragons, battled erupted. Thoron, the Dragon King and holder of the legendary Aurathon crystal, appointed Xenoz the wizard as an ambassador for both the dragons and the two kingdoms with gifts of immortality and power over the dragon crystals. However, when things started looking good, an evil force came upon the land and killed the Dragon Queen. After this, The Dragon King and many followers returned to their world, vowing to return only after the wars have ended. In the present day, King Olsef of the Norvagen Kingdom is giving his son, Prince Dev, some practice for battle while expressing his hatred the Draigar hunting the remaining dragons. While Dev\'s practice shows him to be too impulsive, Olsef believes nevertheless that he is ready to begin riding on Targon, the only dragon that they have left. Meanwhile, in the Draigar kingdom, King Siddari is training Princess Kyra in the same form and blames the Norvagen for the disappearances of the dragons. Xenoz comes by to give the same blessing he gave to Dev so that Kyra can begin flying on their last dragon, Aurora. During the flight, the dragons are drawn to a fireball in the sky where a portal opens and a black dragon on fire falls through, knocking the dragons and royals into an old battle field. The black dragon absorbs a green crystal on its neck and marks both the children with his magical tears, disappearing into the ground soonafter. As Dev and Kyra prepare to fight, their fathers appear and duel. While Dev and Kyra are taken away by their dragons, Xenoz watches through his scrying crystal, stating that the battle begins again. Eight years later, Dev and Kyra are both teenagers and want the war to end, but their fathers object to their ideas on how it should. They both violate orders and continue with their ideas anyway, catching the eye of Xenoz in the process. The two royals fight until their fathers and armies show up to fight to the death once and for all. Just before the battle commences, an army of vorgans show up and capture the kings. Xenoz arrives just in time to save Dev and Kyra and takes them to his ice mountain home. Once there, Xenoz recommends that they retrieve the Aurathon from a rogue dragon in order to rescue their fathers. In the cave where the dragon resides, they fight him but are quickly overpowered. The dragon then reveals that they were sent there to try and trick him into giving the Aurathon\'s location so that Xenoz could take it for himself. They escape the following vorgan attack and go to the Ring of Oroborus. There, the Dragon reveals himself to be the Dragon King Thoron. The kings, meanwhile, have discovered Xenoz\'s treachery when they learn that he kept the bones of dragons he had slain. Thoron explains the truth behind everything that made him leave. When Xenoz was granted the ability to use dragon crystals, it was only to promote good things between the two worlds. However, Xenoz conspired to kill the Dragon Queen with the help of an evil dragon named Stendahl and her ice crystal. When Thoron arrived, he flamed them in his fury, but it wasn\'t strong enough. He took Stendahl back to the dragon and imprisoned him. Stendahl broke free 1,000 years later and attacked Thoron again. During the battle, the Aurathon became activated. While Stendahl was stopped, he hurled Thoron through where he bumped into the royals eight years earlier. Knowing he didn\'t have any strength to fight Xenoz , he absorbed the Aurathon into himself and placed it inside Dev and Kyra. Knowing now where their abilities came from, Dev and Kyra begin practicing their powers over wind and fire. Unfortunately, they tear a hole in the Ring of Oroborus, alerting Xenoz to their position. They escape the attack with Targon and Aurora\'s help and head for Xenoz\'s castle. Back at the castle, Xenoz summons ice dragons to fight Thoron. Dev and Kyra break in and quickly dispatch the vorgan guards but are captured by Xenoz, who uses a mind-reading crystal to discover the Aurathon\'s hiding place within Dev and Kyra. He then proceeds to extract it from their bodies. Thoron crashes through and falls to the base of the castle, where he discovers the skeleton of his queen. With a new driving force, he heads off to fight Xenoz. After betraying Gortaz, the leader of the vorgans, Xenoz gets hit in the face by Kyra. A mask falls off to reveal that Xenoz\'s face is burned. The downside of Xenoz\'s immortality was that he could never heal himself and he wants revenge for this. He opens the portal to Dragon World but Thoron gets in the way. However, Xenoz traps him in ice then explains that Dev and Kyra are weak and cannot do anything. Thoron begs to differ, pointing out that Dev and Kyra were chosen by the dragons themselves. With this, Dev and Kyra use their elemental abilities to break free and put the Aurathon back on Thoron\'s necklace. Thoron sticks himself in front of Xenoz\'s ice shards, seemingly sacrificing himself. However, he stands back up and then drags Xenoz back to Dragon World. With Xenoz gone, the ice castle begins to fall apart, so the kings and their children escape on Targon and Aurora. The next day, both Norvagen and Draigar armies celebrate at Olsef\'s castle. During the celebration, the dragons return. Dev and Kyra jump on to Targon and Aurora to join the flight. As the celebration continues, Xenoz vows from his prison in Dragon World,"This is not over!".'] ['{{plot}} Elmo is playing with his blanket in his house. Suddenly, after he bumps his blanket on a juice cup and after drying off his blanket at the Laundromat, Elmo sees Zoe feeling sad because her father cannot take her to the zoo, so he decides to make Zoe happy again by imitating certain zoo animals . When Zoe sees his blanket, Elmo refuses to share, resulting in a tug-of-war that has Elmo\'s blanket ripped . Elmo is furious. Suddenly, Telly inadvertently takes away the blanket while rollerskating out of control. They go around Finders Keepers and knock over a tray of drinks Ruthie is carrying. The blanket accidentally lands in the hands of Oscar the Grouch, who drops it in his trash can after sneezing on it. Elmo drops into the bottom of Oscar\'s trash can, where he finds the blanket nailed to a door. But they are both teleported to Grouchland, where a greedy man named Huxley  steals anything he can grab – including Elmo\'s blanket. Elmo is determined to find his blanket and begins a journey through Grouchland. He asks a kind girl named Grizzy to help in his quest, but she later abandons him when Elmo discovers that Huxley\'s house is on the top of the faraway Mount Pickanose. Meanwhile, the Sesame Street residents are informed of Elmo\'s absence and go to Grouchland to find him, with help from Oscar. When Big Bird finds a policeman and asks him for help, he arrests the entire group and informs them that it is against Grouchland\'s laws to ask for help. Meanwhile, Huxley\'s sidekick Bug and the Pesties trap Elmo in a tunnel using a trap door. However, he gets out with the help of fireflies. Then, he meets the Queen of Trash . He leaves her dump by giving the queen 100 raspberries in 30 seconds. Elmo succeeds and continues walking to Huxley\'s house. He is then chased by a humongous chicken named "Tiny", but gets away. When night comes, he stops at a rock to rest, discouraged. When Grizzy learns of the Sesame Street friends being arrested, she tells them of Elmo\'s location in Huxley\'s house. Oscar is convinced to help set things right as well as admitting that Elmo is his friend. He convinces the Grouch Policeman and all the Grouches of Grouchland that, even though Grouches hate cooperation, just for once, they have to take a stand against Huxley from stealing any more of their stuff, and taking light to this problem, the Grouch Policeman releases the Sesame Street residents and aid them to go to Huxley\'s house to fight for their trash. A caterpillar wakes up Elmo the next morning on the rock. He gives Elmo advice to look inside his body and he\'ll see that he\'ll be brave. He then makes it to Huxley\'s before he could make Elmo\'s blanket his blanket. However, Huxley prevents Elmo from escaping by grabbing him with a claw and deciding to label them "MINE". Just as Elmo is about to face the fate of never seeing his friends again, the Sesame Street and the Grouchland citizens appear. Bug takes Elmo\'s blanket from Huxley and turns against him as Elmo catapults a basket over his shoulders. Bug then gives Elmo his blanket back and Huxley tries to change his mind about his selfishness. Elmo is hailed a hero by the Sesame Street and Grouchland citizens. Elmo, happy to get his blanket back, goes with his friends back to his own world and apoligizes to Zoe for his selfishness before letting her hold the blanket. Elmo says goodbye to the audience when Ernie and Bert told the kids to give themselves a round of applause until they went back home before the credits begin.'] ["Jessica Riggs  is an 8-year-old girl whose mother died of unknown causes and who is in the care of her rough, quiet, protective father John Riggs . During the Christmas season, Jessica finds a hurt reindeer who she believes to be Santa's reindeer Prancer. As she nurses Prancer back to health, a deep bond grows between the two. She is helped by a friendly old veterinarian , befriends the old town recluse , and comes to forge a closer relationship with her older brother Steve . Jessica and her father often clash after he discovers Prancer living in the barn and, despite her widowed father revealing brief moments of deep love for his daughter, he does not understand Jessica's special love for helping the reindeer. After a misunderstanding, he sells Prancer to a business owner temporarily. His walls of hard feelings begin break down and he and Jessica finally forge a deep, loving bond. Jessica, after several emotional and physical struggles between her best friend, her family, and the town, manages to cure Prancer and set him free, where he is seen flying to the sky to rejoin the other seven deer of Santa's sleigh on Christmas Eve."] ['Shaggy discovers that his uncle Col. Beauregard has died and left him his country estate, which is apparently frequented by ghosts. Shaggy, Scooby and Scrappy head for the estate in order to claim Shaggy\'s inheritance. However, on their arrival they are pursued by a headless horseman and by the alleged ghost of the Colonel who taunts them telling to leave or else. Meanwhile, they meet the creepy manservant Farquard who tells them that a vast fortune in jewels is hidden somewhere on the estate and that it is rightfully his and that Shaggy has no business there. Intrigued, the gang decide to hunt down the jewels much to Farquard\'s chagrin and the local Sheriff who is on the trail of an escaped circus ape is skeptical about the jewels\' existence. They follow the trail through a number of clues that the Colonel has hidden for them, but their progress is interrupted by a number of ghostly apparitions that include living skeletons, headless corpses and the ghostly Colonel. In order to exorcise the ghosts they call upon the "Boo Brothers", three bumbling ghost hunters who have a novelty - they\'re ghosts themselves! Is Beauregard Manor really haunted or are the ghosts created by someone who is out to get the treasure for themselves? There are plenty of suspects including Farquard and the late Colonel\'s neighbor Billy Bob whose family has been rivaling with the Beauregard family for generations.'] ['In the early 20th century, a young dusty-haired orphan named Pete is fleeing his abusive adoptive hillbilly family, the Gogans. As Lena Gogan and company pursue him , an unseen force, which Pete calls Elliott , knocks the Gogans into a mud pit. Lena, her husband "Merle ", and their sons Grover and "Willie " are determined to find Pete because, in Lena\'s own words, "We paid $50 for that kid, and we ain\'t got fifty more." The lazy, inept and constantly-bickering Grover and Willie are told by their equally-lazy parents that if they don\'t get Pete back, the boys will have to work the farm. The next morning, Pete and Elliott, revealed to be a green and pink animated dragon who also has the power of invisibility, share breakfast ("Boo Bop Bop Bop Bop  and decide to visit Passamaquoddy, a nearby village where the unseen Elliott, performing clumsy antics, causes Pete to be labeled a source of ill luck and must flee. Lampie, the drunken old lighthouse keeper, stumbles out of a tavern and encounters Pete. A mischievous Elliott makes himself visible to him and a terrified Lampie runs into the bar to warn the townsfolk . His capable daughter, Nora takes him back to their home, the local lighthouse, settles him down, and puts him to bed. Meanwhile, in a seaside cave, Pete scolds Elliott for causing trouble. Just as the two make up, Nora appears, having spotted Pete earlier. She offers Pete shelter and they talk . Pete is inquisitive and soon learns the story of Nora\'s fiancé, Paul, whose ship was reported lost at sea the previous year. Pete promises to ask Elliott about Paul and Nora accepts, believing Elliott to be an imaginary friend. The next morning, Doc Terminus, a medicine showman, and his shill, Hoagy, haphazardly arrive and manage to win over the gullible townspeople, who are initially angered by their return . That evening Pete visits Elliot and Nora thanks her father for pretending that the dragon exists. Lampie insists he actually saw a dragon and Nora tells him to be realistic, to which her father retorts that her hoping for Paul’s return is just as ridiculous. Lampie apologizes for his outburst and excuses himself, giving Nora time to think . At the tavern, Lampie tells Terminus and Hoagie about the dragon. Terminus dismisses the tale, but Hoagy agrees to go to the cave. After an encounter with Elliott, Hoagy offers the dragon some liquor as a gesture of peace, which triggers a fiery belch that chases the pair away. The local fishermen complain about the recent scarcity of fish and believe Pete is the cause. Nora reminds them the fishing grounds shift, and that Pete should be welcomed in town . Nora takes Pete to school, where Pete is punished unfairly by the strict teacher as a result of Elliott\'s antics. An enraged Elliott smashes into the building. Terminus, now convinced of Elliot\'s existence and having learned that dragon anatomy has many medicinal uses , makes Pete an offer for Elliott, which Pete refuses. Later, Pete accepts Nora and Lampie\'s offer to stay with them permanently . The Gogans arrive in town and confront them , only to be firmly defied by Nora and thwarted by Elliott. Terminus makes a deal with the Gogans and convinces the superstitious locals that helping him capture the dragon will solve their problems. That evening, a storm begins to blow. Pete tries to tell Nora the good news that Elliott has located Paul. However Nora, still believing that Pete has imagined Elliott, replies that Pete has no more need to believe in him. Even Lampie begins to doubt that he saw a dragon. Undeterred, Pete helps Nora prepare the lighthouse for the storm. Out at sea, a sailing ship is approaching Passamaquoddy, its captain assisted by Paul. Terminus lures Pete to the town\'s boathouse, while Hoagie does the same to Elliott. At the boathouse, the invisible Elliott discovers Pete, but is caught in an immense net. Elliott frees himself and saves Pete from the Gogans before they can escape. He incinerates their bill of sale , then douses them all with a barrel of tar before chasing them off. As Pete and Elliott celebrate, Terminus aims a harpoon gun at the distracted dragon, but the harpoon\'s rope is looped around his ankle and he is sent flying through the ceiling. After rebuking Terminus and Hoagie, Elliott saves the mayor and other dignitaries from a falling utility pole, revealing himself to the grateful townsfolk. Back at the lighthouse, the lamp has been extinguished by a storm-driven wave. Elliott returns and tries to light the lamp with his own fire. As he is doing so, Nora finally sees that Elliott is real. After several failures, due to the damp wick and the fact that Elliott\'s esophagus is squeezed into the lighthouse steps, the light is finally ignited and the ship is saved. The next morning the townsfolk praise Elliott for his help and Nora is reunited with Paul who, it turns out, was the sole survivor of a shipwreck at Cape Hatteras, but he suffered total amnesia due to his ordeal. Then, one day recently, his bed suddenly tipped over ; Paul bumped his head and regained his memory. Sadly, now that Pete is safe and has a loving family of his own, Elliott reveals that he must move on to help other children. Pete says his goodbyes to Elliott who happily flies off, with Pete happily reminding him to "stay invisible".'] ['While watching late-night monster movies, Ben  had a vivid dream of flying over a space-like circuit board and shares his visions with his best friend Wolfgang  a young scientific genius who is able to translate his dreams into a complex circuit board that actually works. After one or two experimental tests they discover the circuit board creates an electorally generated sphere and by using a computer to steer it they can make it move anywhere in three dimensions even as far as slamming it through solid walls. With the help of their new friend Darren , they create a homemade spacecraft out of an old Tilt-A-Whirl car naming it the Thunder Road and embark on a secret adventure to another galaxy where they find that things are not always as different as they seem.'] ['Aboard their boat, a yellow bear and a purple horse look after orphaned baby animals known as the Care Bear Cubs and Care Bear Cousin Cubs{{#tag:ref|Introduced by American Greetings in 1984,{{cite news}}. On the way, a red sea serpent threatens them — one of the many forms of Dark Heart, an evil spirit. They escape by following a rainbow up to the sky, while the boat transforms into the Cloud Clipper.The Cloud Clipper is seen and mentioned by name in "Lost at Sea", an episode of Nelvana\'s Care Bears TV series.{{Cite episode}} There, the Great Wishing Star gives the group their "tummy symbols", pictures that indicate each creature\'s role or specialty. Noble Heart Horse and True Heart Bear, as the characters are named, become founders of the Kingdom of Caring, a land which comprises Care-a-Lot and the Forest of Feelings. For the Bears\' first Caring Mission, True Heart and stowaway Swift Heart Rabbit  travel to Earth and visit a summer camp. There, they meet three of its participants: a girl named Christy, and her friends Dawn and John. A boastful boy nicknamed the "Camp Champ" always defeats them in competitions, and assigns them to trash duty. Christy is unsatisfied at this; she and her friends run away, only to get lost in the woods. True Heart soon finds Dawn and John, and brings them to the Kingdom of Caring. After they arrive, the children hear a bell toll from the Caring Meter, which tells the Bears how much caring is taking place on Earth. Noble Heart and True Heart tell them to babysit the Cubs, before they leave to search for Dark Heart and Christy. Meanwhile, in the woods, Christy meets Dark Heart  for the first time, and asks him to make her the new Camp Champ. He grants her that wish, telling her she must pay him back with one favor, and heads away while she rejoins her friends. Aware of Dark Heart\'s potential, Noble Heart and True Heart move the Bear Cubs to Care-a-Lot, and the Cousin Cubs to the Forest of Feelings. Both sets quickly grow up to become the Care Bear Family. Later, while the Bears prepare a party for the Kingdom\'s founders, Dark Heart enters Care-a-Lot in disguise so that he can capture the whole Family. A cluster of Star Buddies, assistants to the Bears and Great Wishing Star, drives him off; he then morphs into a raging red cloud. The Bears shoot light at him from their bellies, forming their "Care Bear Stare"; the Cousins also help by using their Call. Afterward, Noble Heart and True Heart decide to search for him, and leave the Bears to handle missions by themselves. During their patrol, Wish Bear spots Christy stranded in a canoe within a lake; the other Bears and Cousins set out to rescue her. Dark Heart fires lightning bolts before the team, and captures many of them with his magic bag&mdash; the favor he wanted Christy to do all along. The few Family members at hand determine that she has teamed up with him. This prompts Tenderheart Bear to hold a conference at the Hall of Hearts; Friend Bear, Secret Bear and Christy\'s friends later join them. Dark Heart\'s influence causes the other children to wreck the camp that night. The Bears and Cousins search for the Family members, before Dark Heart imprisons them — first in cages, then inside big rubies hanging from a chandelier. Meanwhile, Dawn and John tell Christy of their conviction to rescue the Family from the villain. Feeling guilty, she finally pays him back by admitting what she has done. Despite this, her bargain with Dark Heart is over. Noble Heart, True Heart, Dawn and John enter Dark Heart\'s lair amid his impending deed; Christy asks him to free the others. While Noble Heart and True Heart enact their Stare, lightning from his cloud strikes Christy. With little energy left in her, she crashes down the chandelier with a marble. The Family members, finally free from the rubies, help Noble Heart and True Heart out. At the sight of a dead Christy, Dark Heart becomes remorseful for his actions. He asks the Care Bears to bring her back to life, but is disappointed that their kindness is not even enough. So he, the Family, Dawn and John chant "We care!" enough times to bring her back to life. Soon after, the group quickly leaves the cave as it transforms into an outhouse. Dark Heart becomes a real boy, and everyone is overjoyed. After a swim in the lake, the campers say goodbye to the Bears and Cousins; the former Dark Heart promises to be a better person at camp. The film ends with a message from its narrator, the Great Wishing Star, and flashbacks of the Care Bear Family\'s childhood.'] ["Kibosh, the King of Ghosts, decrees that Casper must scare someone before Christmas Day or he will be banished to The Dark for all eternity. To make sure this happens, he confiscates the Ghostly Trio's Scare licenses and flings them to Kriss, Massachusetts where they meet the Jollimore Family. When Casper's good behavior starts to act up, the Ghostly Trio call in Casper's look-a-like cousin Spooky and his girlfriend Poil to do the job."] ["Kuzco is the selfish 18 year old emperor of the Inca Empire. He summons Pacha, the leader of a nearby village, to inform him that he is building his enormous summer home, Kuzcotopia, on the site of Pacha's house, thus rendering Pacha and his family homeless. Pacha attempts to protest, but is dismissed. Kuzco's advisor Yzma and her dim-witted right-hand man Kronk then try to poison Kuzco so that Yzma can take control of the empire, but the supposed poison turns out to be a potion which turns Kuzco into a llama rather than killing him. After knocking Kuzco unconscious, Yzma orders Kronk to dispose of him, but conscience-stricken Kronk loses the sack holding Kuzco. Kuzco ends up in Pacha's village, accuses Pacha of kidnapping him and demands that Pacha help him return to the palace. Pacha refuses unless Kuzco builds his summer home elsewhere, and Kuzco attempts to find his own way home. He ends up surrounded by a pack of jaguars, only to be saved by Pacha. Meanwhile, Yzma assumes command of the nation, but when Kronk reveals he never killed Kuzco, the two head out and begin to search the local villages for him. Kuzco feigns agreement with Pacha's demand, and Pacha leads him back toward the palace. They stop at a roadside diner, and Yzma and Kronk arrive shortly after. Pacha overhears Yzma discussing their plans to kill Kuzco, and attempts to warn him. Kuzco, doesn't believe him and returns to Yzma, only to overhear Yzma and Kronk discussing that they are seeking to kill him, and that the kingdom does not miss him. Kuzco realizes Pacha was right, but Pacha has left. After a repentant Kuzco spends the night alone in the jungle, the two reunite with Pacha having forgiven Kuzco. They race back to the palace, with Yzma and Kronk chasing them, although temporarily impeded to their frustration by Pacha's family, until the pursuers get hit by lightning and fall into a chasm. Kuzco and Pacha arrive at Yzma's laboratory only to find that their pursuers somehow got there first. Kronk changes sides after a vicious tongue-lashing from Yzma who insults his cooking, and gets dropped down a trapdoor. Yzma summons the palace guards, forcing Kuzco and Pacha to grab all of the transformation potions they can and flee. After trying several formulas that convert Kuzco to other animals, and then back to a llama, they escape the guards  and find they are down to only two vials. Yzma accidentally steps on one of the two, turning herself into a tiny kitten. She still almost manages to obtain the antidote, but is thwarted by the sudden reappearance of Kronk. Kuzco becomes human again and sets out to redeem himself, building a small summer cabin on the hill next to Pacha's home at the peasant's invitation. Meanwhile, outdoorsman Kronk becomes a scout leader, with kitten-Yzma forced to be a member of the troop."] [" Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their newborn daughter Melody on a ship at sea. Ariel's father King Triton presents Melody with a magic locket. The party is interrupted by Morgana, sister of the deceased Ursula, who threatens to cause Melody harm, using her as leverage to get Triton's trident. Ariel and Eric work together to foil Morgana's plan. Fearing Morgana and remembering Ursula, Ariel decides to withhold all knowledge of the sea world from Melody. The locket is tossed into the ocean, and a massive wall is built to separate the royal castle from the sea. Twelve years later, Melody remains unaware of her mother’s mermaid heritage and is forbidden from ever going into the sea. However, she has been sneaking out the castle regularly to swim and one day finds her locket. Seeing her name on the locket, Melody confronts her mother and, frustrated with her mother's refusal to answer her questions, Melody takes a boat and sails away from home. Her parents soon learn that she is gone, and Triton uses his magic to transform Ariel back into a mermaid to search for Melody. Melody is lured to Morgana’s lair by her manta rays, Cloak and Dagger, and Undertow, and Morgana uses the remains of Ursula's magic to temporarily transform Melody into a mermaid. Morgana says that the transformation will be permanent if Melody can get hold of the trident, which she claims was stolen by Triton. With the help of Tip the penguin and Dash the walrus, Melody successfully returns to Morgana with the trident. Ariel tries to stop Melody, but before she can explain that Morgana is evil, Melody gives the trident to Morgana. With the trident in her grip, Morgana reveals her true intentions and grabs Ariel with her tentacle and holds her hostage. Morgana uses the trident's magic to lord over the ocean, rising to the surface to gloat. Scuttle, Triton, Sebastian, and Eric arrive, and a battle ensues against Morgana and her minions. Melody manages to grab the trident and throw it back to Triton by climbing up the cliff on which Morgana is standing and sneaking up on her. Triton uses his trident to encase Morgana in a block of ice, which sinks underwater. Melody reunites with her family, and Triton offers his granddaughter the option of becoming a mermaid permanently. Instead, she uses the trident to disintegrate the wall separating her home from the sea, reuniting the humans and the merpeople."] ['Maria Merryweather\'s father is killed and his debts have caused the loss of all he owns- he leaves her nothing but an old book, "The Ancient Chronicles of Moonacre Valley." The book details the life of the Moon Princess, a woman so beautiful and pure the moon itself blessed her with power, a set of magical pearls. On her wedding day, she receives a unicorn from her husband-to-be, and her father gives him a rare black lion, after which, she reveals the pearls to her family  and her bridegrooms family , who have lived together for years. At the funeral Maria spots a young boy her age, wearing an odd hat, watching her from a distance but when she looks back he has disappeared. It is revealed that Maria\'s mother died when she was young, and she and her governess, Miss Heliotrope, are sent to live with her uncle, her father\'s older brother, Sir Benjamin Merryweather who lives at Moonacre Manor. On the journey, they are attacked by bandits, and soon after meet Sir Benjamin, a seemingly bad tempered, irritable man, who tells her almost all of the house is off limits to her and warns her never to go into the woods. He also takes the book from her. As time passes, she begins to notice that her new residence is home to many strange, fantastical events. Food and clothing are left in her room seemingly by magic, a piano plays itself, and even though there is no kitchen, there is always food on the dining room table. Each night a star falls from the sky and a mysterious picture appears outside her room. Each day, her uncle has the picture removed. One day, Maria\'s uncle takes her horse riding. She spots a rabbit in distress and follows it into the woods in an effort to help it. Bandits find Maria while she is in the forest and pursue her. Maria recognizes them as members of the De Noir family and the same bandits who attacked her on a previous journey. She learns that the leader of the small teenage group is called Robin. She also recalls her uncle\'s warning concerning the De Noirs. She is saved from the bandits by her uncle\'s dog, Wrolf, a demonic seeming creature. Robin is revealed to be the son of Coeur De Noir who is the leader of the De Noirs clan. It is also learned that his father is very hard on him, calling him prized dolt for a son after he fails in capturing Maria. After their escape, Maria asks her uncle about the numerous strange events but he shocks her by telling her angrily to stop asking questions. Despite his efforts to hide his tears, Maria notices her uncle crying as he rebukes her. Her uncle tries to leave Maria behind, but Maria chases after her uncle\'s dog. She stumbles upon the kitchen and finds in it the seemingly magical chef who has been leaving the food in her room and who calls her "Little Princess". He tells her of a book that contains all the secret passages at Moonacre, but it is hidden in the library, a place she is forbidden to go. Finding the book again, she discovers that both the Moon Princess\' father and her bridegroom were corrupted by the power of the pearls, and betrayed, she cursed them all, proclaiming that one day a "Pure heart" would return, and if she is not "Heard" by the 5000th moon, the Valley would be plunged into darkness. The moon pearls vanished that day, and Maria realises that the story is true. She asks the chef, who tells her that both families are blinded by pride, and only a true moon princess can break the curse, by returning the pearls to the sea and reuniting the families. He also tells her about a little white horse, invisible to all but a true princess, who would protect her, but she doesn\'t believe him. She works out she has till the next moon to set things right. The next morning, she attempts to run away, but hears a voice calling to her. Following it, she finds a mysterious woman named Loveday, living in a cave with many animals. Loveday is the person who has been leaving the dresses in her room. She reveals that if the pearls are not returned to the sea, the moons will crash into the valley, killing everyone. She and the woman discuss plans, and Maria is told angrily never to speak of her uncle Benjamin to Loveday. Maria soon realises that each family has one part of the pearls- the Merryweathers have the key and the de Noirs have the casket. Maria finds the key in the bookmark of the Chronicles, and sneaks into the de Noir fortress to retrieve the casket. However, she finds they don\'t have the pearls, and is imprisoned beneath the fortress. Along the way she manages to kick Robin in-between the legs when he is being rude. She escapes by using her dress as a decoy and is found by her uncle\'s dog in the woods. After she escaped Coeur De Noir orders her to be killed by saying "their death is our victory". His son Robin seems a little put off by this and remarks that "stupid girl should have stayed where you were". When Maria returns home her uncle is furious, and refuses to listen to her, but apologies to her later that evening. Loveday appears in her room the next morning, giving her a dress belonging to the first moon princess. Maria persuades her to come downstairs, and the piano plays as if in recognition. Loveday begins to play, and Maria joins her, but soon notices a mirror, showing her Uncle and Loveday dancing to the same music. In the mirror, she reveals to Benjamin that she is a De Noir and Benjamin becomes enraged, believing she tricked him to look for the pearls. Back outside the mirror, Maria talks to Loveday about what she saw, and becoming angered at the pride of both her uncle and Loveday, tells her that Pride is the real curse. Upstairs, looking at the picture, she realizes that it points the way to the pearls. The chef suggests she asks Robin, de Noir\'s son, and when she refuses points out that she has plenty of pride herself, causing her to think again. When leaving, she gives the servant letters addressed to Loveday and Benjamin, telling them to meet in the house. Trapping Robin, by hanging him from his ankle she makes him promise to listen. After he does she cuts him down and convinces him to help her find the pearls, which are hidden in a tree deep within the forest. As Robin is creating a false trail, Maria notices that he is keeping her ribbon in his pocket, and there is some gentle flirting between them. Meanwhile, Benjamin and Loveday meet, quickly realize what Maria has done, and follow her with Miss Heliotrope, using Chef\'s superior sense of smell. On the trip, Benjamin and Loveday\'s relationship slowly begins to repair itself. Robin is captured near the tree, and Wrolf is trapped in a pit. Maria runs, finding the unicorn. De Noir vows to catch her himself, calling his son and daughter  traitors. De Noir finds Maria from the tree and Robin escapes to help her, releasing her from his father, and running to the place where it all began, but Wrolf appears to be injured. After they arrive, soon followed by her Uncle and Loveday, Maria attempts to get Benjamin and de Noir to sacrifice their pride, but neither can do it. Attempting to return the pearls to the sea and failing, she realizes she must sacrifice herself if they are to sacrifice their pride, and throws herself into the ocean. Both families are shocked at this especially Robin. He falls to his knees as he watches her plunge into the water below. The moon accepts her offering, and Maria herself is rescued by a unicorn. Wrolf is restored to life, but as the giant black lion, restoring the magic to Moonacre. A De Noir attempts to kill Maria, but she is saved by Mrs Heliotrope. Benjamin proposes to Loveday again, and she accepts. Mrs Heliotrope is also proposed to by Digweed, Benjamin\'s servant, and also accepts. They all smile, Maria kisses Robin on the cheak and stare off into the moonlight. The story ends and the book closes.'] ['The Mouse and his child are two parts of a single small wind-up toy, which must be wound up by means of a key in the father\'s back. After having been unboxed, they discover themselves in a toy shop where they befriend a toy elephant and toy seal. The child mouse proposes staying at the shop to form a family, which the other toys ridicule. After falling from a counter and becoming broken, they are thrown in the trash. Outside, they become enslaved by Manny the Rat, who runs a casino in the city dump and uses broken wind-up toys as his slave labor force. With the aid of a psychic frog, the mice escape and meet various animal characters on a quest of becoming free and independent "self-winding" toys. They rediscover the elephant and seal, who are somewhat broken down, and manage to form a family and destroy the rat empire.'] ['The film opens in springtime, about a year after Charlotte has died. Charlotte\'s three daughters, Nellie, Aranea, and Joy, are now in the stages of adolescence, with Wilbur serving as a companion and mentor. During this time, Wilbur befriends Cardigan, a newborn lamb that is looked down upon by the other lambs and the younger sheep of his flock because he has black wool. Wilbur takes Cardigan under his wing and shows him the farm, the ways of animal life, and dangers to look out for. However, after only a few weeks, Zuckerman suddenly sells Cardigan to another farmer, so Wilbur, along with Charlotte\'s daughters and Templeton the Rat, set out to visit Cardigan and make sure he is safe. On the journey to visit Cardigan, however, Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple. Some bark from the trees comes and lands on his head. This makes him look like a wild pig. A near hit by a car then reveals that two other guys have now seen the wild pig. This makes it hard for Wilbur to visit Cardigan. Meanwhile, an evil fox named Farley comes and steals a hen from the barn, and Wilbur is blamed. Farley comes and steals Cardigan from the barn, and plans to eat him. Wilbur now must save his friend, and does so by trapping him in a "pig web". Charlotte\'s daughters spin the word "fox" in a spider web, and Fern arrives just in time to save Wilbur. The fox, while not shown, is probably disposed of. Aranea and Joy decide to stay with Cardigan, and the film ends as Wilbur has to baby sit Templeton\'s kids. He had promised to do this earlier when Templeton had to get Wilbur out of some brambles bushes, which also helped make him look like a wild pig.'] ["A long time ago, the people of Baghdad lived happily under the rule of Caliph Oman III, greatest and kindest of any Caliph. Even at the time of his niece Princess Zeila's upcoming thirteenth birthday, the people were happier still. However, the tyrant Sheikh Jafar, and his shadow of a magician, Burk, have other plans, in order to take over Oman's kingdom. After a lovely performance by Princess Zeila and her snake charmer friend Amin, a messenger attempts to give a proclamation, written by Oman's information minister, Tonko, to the princes from the three cities across the river. However, before the messenger could get any further, Burk turns him into stone. Later, after Amin charms a few snakes, his Magpie, Calina, attempts to steal one of Amin's bells after breaking her promise while working on a tambourine. He not only attended Princess Zeila's next performance at the palace; he applied the music for it. After the performance, Jafar, who also attended, attempts to propose to Zeila, but Caliph Oman's ministers, Tonko, Zirko, and Zizibe, think otherwise, even Amin, who later overhears that Burk has put an infatuation spell on Jafar's ring, making anyone who wears it fall in love with him. Later that night, Amin and Calina try to keep hidden from sight at Jafar's palace, stealing the magic ring. Jafar had informed Burk of the magpie's thievery, and Burk announces his plan to his master. Back at Oman's palace, Amin tells the ministers that he will bring the ring to them, and that they would give the ring to the ugliest woman they could find. The following morning, Zeila was at the palace singing. Amin tries to warn Zeila about Jafar's plan, that is, until Burk kidnaps him. A trial is held in favor of Amin's absence, and his mother is heartbroken. Calina, restless that Amin has not returned, sets out to find him. After Burk takes the ring away from Amin, Calina arrives and attempts to take the ring back. However, Burk throws Calina at a wall and fatally wounds her. The ministers attempt to find Amin's trail, but take a break at a crystal stream and drink the water there. However, Burk places a spell on the water, turning the old ministers into babies. The woman who gathers water there cradles them, singing a lullaby to them. Vowing not to let Calina die in vein, Amin tears off part of a sleeping Burk's cloak, trying his best not to wake him up, and flies out of the palace. The magician wakes up and is informed about his cloak, and takes off after Amin. The two engage in an air duel, and after Burk takes the torn part of his cloak back, Amin falls into a stream. Burk attempts to find Amin, but with no luck. Amin comes out of the river, only to find that Zeila had become infatuated with Jafar and is wearing the magic ring. Heartbroken, he calls to his old beggar friend Fatima, who gives him Aladdin's lamp as a parting gift. Amin rubs the lamp, and a genie comes out. Amin wishes to see his mother, but first, the genie takes them both to Jafar's palace to face Burk one last time. With Burk defeated, the messenger has returned to life, the magic ring disintegrated, and the ministers are old men again. The genie has also resurrected Calina, making Amin happy. Back at Oman's palace, Zeila admits that she loves Amin to Jafar, who is about to have his guard take Zeila as prisoner. Amin arrives in time to save Zeila, and, with a little help from the genie, he uses his snake charmer's flute to lure Jafar and his guard to dance into the river. With Zeila and Amin together again, peace is restored in Baghdad. The city rejoiced upon celebrating the marriage of Princess Zeila and Amin. As the narrator of the story puts it, love triumphed over hate, right over wrong, and good over evil."] ['When Santa Claus  travels to New York City and gets hit by a cab, loses his memory and gets the crystal that keeps him eternal stolen, it\'s up to his new friend, his puppy named Paws  to save him. Meanwhile, a young orphan named Quinn  arrives at a foster home run by a strict and no-nonsense woman named Ms. Stout  who forbids anything that children love: toys, Christmas decorations, singing, and even pets. She has a furnace that burns all the toys she confiscates from the girls. Despite the harsh rules that she has to follow while staying at the foster home, Quinn eventually befriends the girls, including Janie  and Willamina "Will" . In order to save Christmas, Eli  and Eddy  the uncanny elf dog have to go to New York City to save Santa and Paws. But when Santa  is in the hospital, it takes the help of Quinn and Will to save Santa. When Kate and James take Bud from the hospital, Paws tells Eli to put his crystal next to Santa, but then he wakes up to find that Paws is a stuffed animal. They rush back to the North Pole and Paws turns into a full-grown dog named Santa Paws  and Christmas is back on. Ms. Stout is fired from her job taking care of the orphan girls at the foster home, much to the excitement of the girls, and Will and Quinn are both adopted by James and Kate Hucklebuckle.'] [' Andy, now nearly 18 years old,{{cite web}} is leaving for college, and his toys feel like they have been abandoned as they have not been played with for years. Andy decides to take Woody with him to college and puts Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys in a trash bag for storage in the attic. However, the toys are accidentally thrown out when Andy\'s mom finds the bag and puts it out on the curb, causing the toys to think that they are no longer wanted. They escape and decide to climb in a donation box for Sunnyside Daycare. Woody, the only toy who saw what actually happened, follows the other toys and tries to explain that they were thrown out by mistake, but they refuse to believe him. Andy\'s toys are welcomed by the many toys at Sunnyside and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O\'-Huggin\' Bear , Big Baby and Ken, whom Barbie falls for. All of the toys love their new home, leaving a steadfast Woody alone in an attempt to return to Andy. Woody\'s escape attempt falls short and he is found outside by Bonnie, an imaginative little girl. She takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys, who are well-treated, happy, and readily welcome Woody. At the daycare, Andy\'s toys get beaten up by the rambunctious youngest toddlers. Buzz goes to ask Lotso to transport him and the other toys to a better room, only to be caught by Lotso\'s henchmen and restored back to his original space ranger persona. At the same time, Andy\'s toys realize that Woody was right about Andy when Mrs. Potato Head sees Andy searching for them through her missing eye, which was left behind in Andy\'s room. Before they could leave, they are imprisoned by Lotso and his gang, including a reset Buzz. Back at Bonnie\'s, Woody learns from one of the toys, named Chuckles the Clown, that Lotso was once a good toy and had an owner named Daisy who also owned Chuckles the Clown and Big Baby. One day, Daisy left them behind on a picnic. The three eventually find their way back to Daisy\'s house, only to find that she replaced Lotso with an identical teddy bear. When he found Sunnyside, he and Big Baby took it over and ran it like a prison. The following morning, Woody returns to Sunnyside through Bonnie\'s backpack. He sneakily reaches his friends and tells them he is sorry for leaving them. They quickly formulate an escape plan. That night, Woody and Slinky sneak through Sunnyside to the main office, where Chatter informed them that a cymbal-banging monkey monitors the CCTV system to prevent toys escaping. A brief fight ensues, ending with the Monkey wrapped in sticky tape and locked in a filing cabinet by Slinky. Slinky signals to the other toys while Mr. Potato head provides a diversion, they make their escape. In the process, Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish mode, in which he becomes very flamboyantly chivalrous and his memory is wiped; despite this, Buzz allies himself with Woody\'s friends, and immediately falls in love with Jessie. The toys reach a dumpster, but are caught by Lotso and his gang. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody reveals what he heard about Lotso, and Big Baby throws Lotso into the dumpster. Seeking revenge, Lotso pulls Woody in the dumpster just as the truck collects the trash. Woody\'s friends jump into the back of the truck, trying to rescue him and a falling television hits Buzz when he tries to save Jessie, returning him to his normal self. The toys find themselves at the dump and are pushed onto a conveyor belt leading to a garbage shredder. Woody and Buzz save Lotso just in time as he is about to be shredded and Woody and the other toys end up on another conveyor belt, leading to an incinerator. The toys help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, but he leaves them to their deaths. Thinking that this is the end, the toys join hands and accept their fate but are rescued by the Aliens using a giant claw. Lotso makes his way outside, but a passing truck driver finds him and, recognizing he had the toy as a kid, straps him to the radiator grill of his truck. Meanwhile, Woody and his friends board another trash truck driven by an older Sid Phillips back to Andy\'s house. In Andy\'s room, Woody climbs back into the box with Andy\'s college supplies while the other toys ready themselves for the attic. Remembering his time with Bonnie and her toys, Woody has an idea and leaves a note for Andy on the toys\' box. Andy, thinking the note is from his mother, takes them to Bonnie\'s house and introduces her to his old toy and Bonnie recognizes Woody, who, to Andy\'s surprise, is lying at the bottom of the box. Andy is initially reluctant to give him up but eventually does so and spends some time playing with her. After Andy leaves, Woody introduces the gang to Bonnie\'s toys as the camera pans up to the sky. During the credits, Woody and the other toys learn through notes passed in Bonnie\'s backpack that Barbie, Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives of the toys  at Sunnyside. Buzz uncontrollably dances with Jessie to a Spanish version of "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me."'] ["The film is centered around Noel, a young girl and her dog, Pup, who both live on the Planet Noel. While relaxing, Noel seems to notice that the sun is too hot and encourages that it be fed ice cream to cool it down. The duo fly off in Noel's plane and begin making progress toward the sun. On their way, the two of them spot a faint blinking light. As they head closer to the light, it begins to form the shape of a planet. The two make a landing on the planet, and, upon their arrival, the President steps out to welcome them and invites them to a special party, in which the Emcees show off the planet's most beautiful designs. This does not impress Noel, who states that it doesn't matter what clothes one is wearing, they will still be beautiful and loved. This idea coaxes the President and the citizens of the planet to take their clothes off, as does Noel. Pup gently reminds Noel of their trip to the sun, and the two resume their journey to meet him. Upon their meeting, the sun is grateful of the ice cream Noel was able to deliver, and also warns of foul smog rising from some unknown planet. The two bid their farewells and attempt to pinpoint the source of the smog, but it quickly surrounds them. They escape underwater on another nearby planet. They appreciate the fine scenery underwater, but as they traverse further, they notice some of the sea life\xa0has fallen ill. Below them, on the floor of the sea, sludge begins to form."] ["The film begins with an alien ship crash landing on a desert planet. The alien survivors, known as Vecarians, are quickly killed by the planet's predatory native inhabitants, the Selenites. The ship's core, Vecanoi, survives, and from it sprouts Axis, a massive tree reaching up into space. 600 years later, a race of human-like tree-dwellers have evolved living in the branches of Axis. One of them, a young girl named Kaena , is an adventurous daydreamer who longs to explore the world beyond the confines of her village. Kaena's inquisitiveness is opposed as heresy by the village elder, who commands his people to stay productive and toil for the villager's gods . Led by prophetic dreams of a world with a blue sun and plentiful water, Kaena eventually defies the elder and climbs to the top of Axis. There, she encounters the ancient alien Opaz , the last survivor of the Vecarian race that crash landed on the planet centuries ago. Opaz has used his technology to evolve a race of intelligent worms to serve him and help him escape the planet. Upon learning of Kaena's dreams, Opaz enlists her help in retrieving Vecanoi, which contains the collective memory of his people. However, Vecanoi rests at the base of Axis, where the Selenites dwell. The Queen of the Selenites  blames Vecanoi for the destruction of their planet, and has spent most of her life  attempting to destroy it."] [' At their home, Dream Castle, the ponies are cantering through flowery meadows and grassy green fields with their animal friends. Elsewhere, Baby Lickety-Split is practicing a new dance step, as Spike accompanies her rehearsal on the piano. Meanwhile, at the Volcano of Doom, a wicked witch named Hydia and her two daughters, Reeka and Draggle, want to spoil the ponies\' fun. During the baby ponies\' dance performance, Lickety-Split attempts to add her own dance and ruins the whole performance. She is told off by everyone and runs away, followed by Spike, only to end up falling down a waterfall and trapped in a valley. The two witch sisters try to ruin the ponies\' festival, but thanks to the Sea Ponies, end up getting washed away in an overflowing waterfall. The little ponies send out a search party for Lickety-Split and Spike, while Hydia decides to make the Smooze, an unstoppable purple ooze that will bury and destroy everything in its path. It will also make anyone who is splashed by it grumpy and woeful. Her daughters go and collect the ingredients for the Smooze, leaving out the flume, an ingredient that they are afraid of. Hydia releases the Smooze which rages towards the Dream Castle. All the ponies are forced to evacuate as the castle and the surrounding land is submerged by Smooze. The search party continues its attempt to locate Lickety-Split before the Smooze engulfs them. Later, two pegasus ponies, Wind Whistler and North Star, travel to the human world to fetch Megan, the keeper of the Rainbow locket, bringing Megan\'s younger siblings, Danny and Molly, along as well. Megan releases the Rainbow into the Smooze, but it is swallowed up and lost but this does halt the Smooze. Enraged, Hydia discovers the Smooze was lacking flume and sends her daughters to get the missing ingredient from an octopus-like plant monster that lives on a rocky outcrop near the volcano. The monster punishes the sisters, until Reeka bites a tentacle, thereby injuring the plant, and they escape with some flume. Hydia adds it to the Smooze which is reactivated. Megan accompanies two ponies on a visit to the Moochick, who gives the trio a new home  and a map to find the Flutter Ponies who might stop the Smooze. A group led by Megan sets out to find Flutter Valley and Megan gets lost in a field of giant sunflowers, almost becoming a victim of the Smooze. They press on, through Shadow Forest. They find that the high narrow final pass into Flutter Valley is blocked by a giant spider and its web, and Megan is once more nearly in danger. When out of the canyon, the group finds Flutter Valley and meet with the queen who refuses to get involved at first, until baby Lickety Split arrives, safe and sound, along with a flutter pony who was rescued from a well. There is much argument about non-involvement in other ponies\' problems from the flutter ponies. Even though the Flutter Pony, called Morning Glory, who was rescued from the well pleads with their queen to help their "cousins", Rosedust still hesitates, until after Baby Lickety-Split appears to sway her enough to aid in the defeat of the Smooze. The other ponies and forest animals are about to be covered by the Smooze as the witches watch from their hot-air balloon. The Flutter Ponies come to the rescue and destroy the Smooze with their magic, uncover the rainbow and drop the witches back into the volcano with the sticky goo. With all problems resolved, the Ponies take Megan and her siblings back home.'] ["The film takes place in 1999 in a small Israeli town, in which a young girl called Clara  discovers that she has paranormal powers that allow her to predict the future. That discovery causes mayhem in the town as its people try to take advantage of Clara's powers and people escape the town as her powers have discovered a leak in the nearby nuclear plant. Clara herself has to choose between her powers and her one true love."] ['The oil company is headed by Sumner Murdock . The exploration project in the North Pole is recommended and managed by Michael Baldwin . The movie opens with several dynamite blasts. Dynamite is being used to break up ice which is clogging up the deep-sea drilling rigs. Disappointingly to the company, despite a successful blast, the drilling rig produces no oil. Baldwin is then picked up from work by an airplane flown by his wife Claudia . On the way home, Claudia tells Michael that she wants to move the kids back to Los Angeles where they can live in a more civilized environment. Michael argues that he cannot just walk away from the exploration since it was his idea. Upon arriving home, Michael and Claudia must deal with their three children arguing with each other about the existence of Santa Claus. To make matters worse for Michael, Murdock, portrayed as the stereotyped insensitive corporate boss, threatens to terminate his employment if the exploration does not produce results. The next day, Michael returns to his office, where he is met by Santa Claus’s chief elf Ed ([[Paul Williams . Ed informs Baldwin that their dynamiting is causing damage to North Pole City, the home of Santa Claus and his elves. He explains that while their activities at "Site A", their primary drilling area, are causing extensive damage, any blasts at their secondary site, known as "Site B", would destroy North Pole City due to the greater proximity of the dynamite blasts. Assuming that Ed was just hired to pull off a practical joke, Baldwin bursts into uncontrollable laughter. The next day, Ed arrives at the Baldwins’ house in a modified World War II-era snowcat, explaining that he intends to take Michael and his family to North Pole City to prove that Santa Claus is real and reveal the damage that is being done. Michael cannot go since he has a meeting at work, but Claudia and the kids agree to go along, continuing to assume that its just a practical joke. Ed then takes them to North Pole City. They meet Santa  and Mrs. Claus . Santa shows them his secrets, including a device that slows time down so he can make all his deliveries in one night and anti-radar devices that protect North Pole City from being sighted. Santa then shows Claudia how North Pole City has sustained damage because of the dynamiting at “Site A” and how the city is right next to “Site B,” where the company may also begin to dynamite. He warns them that one blast at Site B would mean the end of the city and, therefore, Christmas as they know it. He then says that the main oil field is actually at Site A and that they will find it if they keep dynamiting there. Upon returning home, Claudia tells Michael and Murdock what Santa said about where the oil is. Murdock believes that Claudia and the kids were given a hallucinogenic drug by Gaylord, the corrupt head of a rival oil company, to keep them dynamiting in the wrong place. Murdock orders that Site B be dynamited on Christmas Eve so they can get to the oil before Gaylord does. The kids eavesdrop on this meeting and decide to sneak out of the house in the middle of the night and take a snowmobile to warn Santa. The youngest Child, C. B., is left behind to tell the parents where the older two went. When C. B. tells Claudia, the latter takes off in her plane to look for them. She sights snowmobile tracks and follows them into an ice fog. Santa, with his sleigh and reindeer, goes into the fog to rescue them and takes them back to North Pole City. The ice fog keeps Claudia and the kids trapped inside North Pole City, so they must remain there until the fog lifts. Meanwhile, Michael requests that Murdock postpone the dynamiting until Claudia and the kids are found. Murdock denies the request. However, despite Murdock\'s orders, Michael continues to dynamite at Site A, believing that the oil field is located there regardless. On Christmas Eve, as the dynamite crew is out at Site B counting down to the time to dynamite, C.B. receives a call at home from a crew member informing him that a gigantic oil field has been discovered on Site A. C.B. rushes out of the house to catch up with his father, who just left for work, and give him the news. He then convinces his father that the dynamiting at Site B should be canceled since the oil has been found. Michael rushes to his office and radios the man in the hut near Site B to terminate the countdown. The man then leaves the hut, jumps on a snowmobile and rides out to the site, arriving just in time to stop the dynamiting. That night, Santa drops Claudia and the children off at home while making his deliveries and the family is reunited. Murdock then arrives at the door to confront Michael on his refusing to dynamite at Site B. Michael informs him that oil had been found at Site A. Just then, the reindeer bells are heard and the Baldwins and Murdock go out to the porch to see the Santa flying across the sky. A stunned but happy Murdock offers Baldwin a promotion. Baldwin declines, saying that he is going to make Claudia happy by moving them back to Los Angeles.'] ["{{Further2}} Harry Potter is a seemingly ordinary boy, living with his hostile relatives, the Dursleys in Surrey. On his 11th birthday, Harry learns from a mysterious stranger, Rubeus Hagrid, that he is actually a wizard, famous in the Wizarding World for surviving an attack by the evil Lord Voldemort when Harry was only a baby. Voldemort killed Harry's parents, but his attack on Harry rebounded, leaving only a lightning-bolt scar on Harry's forehead and rendering Voldemort powerless. Hagrid reveals to Harry that he has been invited to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. After buying his school supplies from the hidden wizarding street, Diagon Alley, Harry boards the train to Hogwarts via the concealed Platform {{frac}} in King's Cross Station. On the train, Harry meets Ron Weasley, a boy from a large, but poor, pure-blood wizarding family, and Hermione Granger, a witch born to Muggle  parents. Once they arrive at the school, Harry and all of the other first-year students are sorted into four different houses: Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. As Slytherin is noted for being the house of darker wizards and witches, Harry successfully begs the magical Sorting Hat not to put him in Slytherin. He winds up in Gryffindor, along with Ron and Hermione. At Hogwarts, Harry begins learning wizardry and also discovers more about his past and his parents. Harry inadvertently makes Gryffindor's Quidditch team  as a Seeker, learning that his father was also a member of the team. One night, he, Ron, and Hermione find a giant three-headed dog on the Forbidden Corridor on the Third Floor at the school. The trio successfully take down an escaped mountain troll and after Harry is nearly knocked off his broom by a powerful curse during one of the Quidditch matches, the trio assume that someone is trying to get past the dog. Harry discovers the Mirror of Erised which shows a person's heart's desire. The headmaster Albus Dumbledore moves the mirror and advises Harry against looking for it. Using information accidentally let slip by Hagrid, Hermione discovers that the dog is guarding the Philosopher's Stone, an item that can be used to grant its owner immortality. Harry concludes that his potions teacher, Severus Snape, is trying to obtain the stone. Harry is caught out of bed at night and is given detention. While helping Hagrid in the dark forest Harry sees a hooded figure drinking a unicorn's blood for its healing properties. Harry concludes that the hooded figure was Voldemort and that Snape is trying to get the stone to restore Voldemort to full strength. After hearing from Hagrid that the dog will fall asleep if played music and that he let slip this to a man in the local pub one night, Harry, Ron, and Hermione decide that Snape was the man in the pub and attempt to warn Dumbledore. Upon learning he is away on business the trio conclude that Snape will attempt to steal the stone that night and resolve to find the stone before Snape does. They face a series of obstacles: surviving a deadly plant, flying past hundreds of flying keys and winning a violent, life-sized chess match. The trio use their skills to overcome the obstacles. Hermione uses her knowledge of spells to get past the plant, Harry uses his skills as a seeker to get past the keys and Ron uses his skill at chess to win the chess match. However, Ron is nearly killed in the match and Hermione stays with Ron as Harry goes on ahead, alone. In the final room, Harry finds out that it was not Snape who wanted the stone, but Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Professor Quirrell. Quirrell reveals that he let the troll in and tried to kill Harry in the Quidditch match. He also reveals that Snape has been protecting Harry and trying to stop Quirrell all year. Quirrell forces Harry to look in the mirror. Due to an enchantment placed by Dumbledore, Harry finds the stone in his pocket after looking in the nearby Mirror of Erised. While trying to get Harry to answer what he has seen in the mirror, Quirrell removes his turban and reveals Voldemort to be living on the back of his head. Harry tries to escape but Quirrell starts a fire by clicking his fingers to trap him. Voldemort tries to convince Harry to give him the stone by promising to bring his parents back from the dead, but Harry refuses. Quirrell tries to kill him but Harry's touch prevents Quirrell from hurting Harry and causes his hand to turn to dust. Quirrell then tries to take the stone but Harry grabs his face, causing Quirrell to turn into dust and die. When Harry gets up, Voldemort's spirit forms and passes through Harry, knocking him unconscious, before fleeing. Harry wakes up in the school's hospital wing, with Professor Dumbledore at his side. Dumbledore explains that the stone has been destroyed, and that both Hermione and Ron are fine. Quirrell burned at Harry's touch because, when Harry's mother died to save him, her death gave Harry a magical, love-based protection against Voldemort. At the end of year feast, Dumbledore gives last minute house points to Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville for their bravery and smarts so Gryffindor win the house cup. Before Harry and the rest of the students leave for the summer, Harry realises that while every other student is going home, Hogwarts is truly his home."] ['The story involves four teenage comrades who take a rowboat along a "river of time" that flows into a mysterious cave and emerges on the other side onto a strange, primeval landscape. The boy actors were Josef Lukáš , Petr Herrmann , Zdeněk Husták , and Vladimír Bejval . As they make their way upstream, they realise that they are travelling progressively farther back in time, and facing various perils as they do so . The animals depicted in Cesta do Pravěku were never shown interacting with animals of other periods and it is assumed that different parts of the river represented distinct time periods. The plot is somewhat similar to that of the novel Plutonia  by the Russian palaeontologist Vladimir Obruchev, in which a team of Russian explorers enter the Earth\'s crust via an Arctic portal , and follow a river that leads them through a sequence of past geological eras and associated animal life. Some scenes in Cesta do Pravěku recall Arthur Conan Doyle\'s 1912 novel The Lost World, with four male protagonists exploring a prehistoric world where they find evidence of native human habitation, are attacked by a group of enraged pterodactyls, witness a twilight fight between a carnivorous dinosaur and a herbivorous one, encounter a Stegosaurus up-close, and see one of their members  pursued by a Phorusrhacos.'] ['A young boy named Tadashi Ino moves to a small town after the divorce of his parents. At a local festival, he is picked to be that year\'s "Kirin Rider," a protector of all things good. He soon discovers that his new title is quite literal, as a nefarious spirit named Yasunori Kato appears. Originally a human who became a demon from the strength of his hatred for humans, Kato desires vengeance against their actions on the Youkai. To carry out his revenge, Kato allies himself with a Yokai named Agi while he summons a fiery spirit called Yomotsumono, composed of the resentment of the many things which mankind has discarded. With Yomotsumono\'s flames, Kato feeds it Youkai which are used as ingredients in creating violent junkyard Tsukumogami under his control that capture other Youkai to build their numbers while killing humans. One of such Youkai, Sunekosuri, escaped and befriended Tadashi who attempts to obtain the Daitenguken from the mountain as part of being the Kirin Rider. However, he wimped out at the last second and with trickery by Shōjō, who picked Tadashi out, the boy overcame the test. Accompanied by Shōjō, Kawahime, and Kawataro, Tadashi makes his way to the DaiTengu who gives him the sword before being taken away by the Tsukumogami. In spite of Tadashi\'s attempts, the sword is broken as Agi takes Sunekosuri as her captive before the boy is knocked unconscious. When the boy comes to, he finds himself among Youkai as they discuss how to fix the Daitenguken, deciding to get the aid of the blacksmith Ippon-datara. But learning he was also captured, General Nurarihyon and his group leave with Kawataro restraining an Ittan-momen while praising Azukiarai, unaware that he only remained behind due to his foot getting numb. When Kato\'s industrial fortress takes flight towards Tokyo, Tadashi and company pursue and arrive after the fortress ingested Tokyo\'s Shinjuku Capital Building, finding Ippon-datara who reforges the sword while avoiding how he escaped thanks to Sunekosuri who took his place in becoming a Tsukumogami. Donning new attire, Tadashi and company are outnumbered until they receive unlikely aid from thousands of Yokai who believe it\'s a party as their festival brawl with the Tsukumogami allows Tadashi and Kawahime to enter the fortress safely, followed by a Youkai-obsessed reporter named Sata whom Kawahime saved in the past. Forced to slay the Tsukumogami that Sunekosuri became, restored to normal yet hanging on for dear life, Tadashi battles Agi in rage before she is called back by Kato to begin the final phase by joining with Yomotsumono. Despite Tadashi\'s attempts, Kato proves to be superior as Kawahime attempts to protect the boy, admitting to her hatred for humans for being abandoned when she first came into being, but will never resort to a human emotion like revenge. Unfazed, Kato takes the two out as Azukiarai awkwardly arrives and the villain calls Agi to join him. However, because she loved him and thus a hindrance, Kato kills her instead before entering the oven to become one with Yomotsumono. However, due to Sata\'s actions, one of Azukiarai\'s Azuki beans ends up in the mix with Kato, causing a chain reaction of positive emotion that destroys Yomotsumono. After the Youkai take their leave, Tadashi and Sata find themselves on the street as the boy tells his first white lie to the reporter about Kawahime\'s feelings towards him. Years later, Tadashi is a grown man who lost his ability to see the Youkai, even Sunekosuri who is confronted by an Azuki-pupiled Kato.'] ["Precipitated by the premise that Gamera self-destructed to destroy several Gyaos in 1973, the tale picks up thirty three years later, when the son of one of the survivors of that incident finds an unusual egg, from which a baby turtle hatches. The boy, Toru, raises the creature, quickly realizing it as remarkable in that it hovers and breathes fire. The creature quickly outgrows the house, is relocated by Toru and his friends to maintain secrecy, and then disappears. Concurrently, many shipping disasters occur in the area, the cause of which is the kaiju Zedus, which soon thereafter rampages through the city. It corners Toru and his friends, but the boy's former pet, now significantly larger, intercedes. The young Gamera is wounded in the fight and captured by government officials, who hook the creature up to a machine which infuses it with liquid derived from mysterious red stones found in the vicinity of egg, and which scientists theorise gives Gameras their power. Zedus attacks again, and the Gamera, now larger, goes out to battle him. The human characters determine that the still-immature Gamera must consume the red stone which Toru had found with the egg in order to fully realize its powers. The egg is located and, with some difficulty, delivered to Toru, who throws it into the Gamera's mouth during the battle. The Gamera's power of rocket-propelled flight manifests, and it defeats Zedus by breathing a fireball at it. The kaiju escapes further government investigation with Toru's assistance, and flies off as the boy wishes him farewell."] ['The nature-talent fairies are bringing to the mainland the season of leaves, hibernation, chilly breezes, and pumpkins: autumn. Meanwhile, Tinker Bell and dust-talent fairies like Terence  are staying in Pixie Hollow. Tinker Bell is trying to make a "Pixie Express". But it fails just as she is called to meet Queen Clarion , Fairy Mary , and Redleaf, the Minister of Autumn . They show her a mystical moonstone and explain to her its tremendous powers. Every eight years, there is a blue harvest moon in Pixie Hollow. When the light of this rare blue moon passes through the moonstone, it creates blue-colored pixie dust to strengthen and rejuvenate the pixie dust tree. The Autumn Revelry is the associated event during which the fairies gather to collect the dust. A new scepter is to be made to raise the moonstone, and Tinker Bell has been recommended. Although Tinker Bell has made mistakes in the past, Fairy Mary explains that tinker fairies learn from them, most of the time. Tinker Bell accepts the task, as well as help from Terence. But as the work on the scepter progresses, Tinker Bell begins to have trouble with Terence, who is trying too hard to be helpful. An accident occurs, causing the scepter and the stone to break. Tinker Bell sets out on in a balloon she\'s created to find a magic mirror, which, according to legend, granted two of three wishes before becoming lost. Tinker Bell intends to use the third and last wish to restore the shattered moonstone to its original form. Along the way, she meets Blaze, a brave firefly. Tinker Bell finally discovers the mirror, but she accidentally wastes the third wish. She is found by Terence, who has been following her after discovering her plans and the fragments of the moonstone in her empty house. Tinker Bell and Terence start back to Pixie Hollow. Along the way, Tinker Bell fixes the scepter using a white gem from the top of the mirror, the scepter pieces Terence has wisely brought, and the moonstone pieces, all set at just the right angle. She discovers the magic of true friendship, humility, and love. Thanks to inspired teamwork with Terence, she is ready to give the scepter to Queen Clarion. When she unveils the scepter, the assembled fairies are all shocked and alarmed to see the fragments of the precious moonstone. However, the broken moonstone shards create an unexpected benefit: they drastically magnified and increased the surface area through which the rays of the blue moon could pass, creating the largest supply of blue-colored pixie dust ever seen in Pixie Hollow.'] ['Charlie Bucket is a kind, loving boy who lives in poverty with his mother, father, and four bedridden grandparents. His mother is unemployed and his father works at a toothpaste factory, responsible for putting the caps on the tubes of toothpaste that come through the line. Down the street is Willy Wonka\'s chocolate factory, which had recently been reopened after industrial espionage forced him into seclusion and to fire his employees. Charlie\'s Grandpa Joe had worked for Wonka directly and was laid off when that happened. One day, Wonka announces a contest; the children that find the five Golden Tickets wrapped in ordinary Wonka candy bars will be given a full tour of the factory and a chance for an unknown grand prize. Four children quickly claim their prize: the greedy and gluttonous Augustus Gloop from Dusseldorf, the spoiled and rotten Veruca Salt from Buckinghamshire, the competitive and boastful Violet Beauregarde from Atlanta, and the arrogant and aggressive Mike Teavee from Denver. Charlie hopes to win as well, but neither the bar he is given as a birthday present, or one bought for him by Grandpa Joe contain a ticket. A fifth child in Russia claims to have found the last Ticket. Charlie, on finding a ten-dollar bill, buys a Wonka bar as news breaks that the Russian child\'s Ticket was fake; Charlie finds the bar he just bought contains the last Golden Ticket. As he races home, bystanders attempt to buy the Ticket from him. Grandpa George reminds Charlie that money is far more common than the Tickets, and convinces Charlie to keep it. Grandpa Joe offers to accompany him on the factory tour. On the day of the tour, the children and their chaperons find Wonka to be a strange, lonely individual, acting odd at the mention of "family". As they proceed with the tour, they discover the fantastical factory is now manned by short humans called Oompa-Loompas. The other four children succumb to temptation, and end up caught in the factory workings before being safely recovered by the Oompa-Loompas, albeit in worse shape than at the start of the tour: Augustus falls into the river of chocolate but is rescued before the processing center, Violet expands into a giant blueberry when she tries an experimental piece of chewing gum, Veruca is thrown away as a "bad nut" by trained squirrels, and Mike is shrunk down to a few inches tall after being the first person transported by Wonka\'s new television advertising invention. Wonka congratulates Charlie as the last remaining child and the winner of the grand prize, to become Wonka\'s heir to the factory. However, Wonka forbids Charlie to bring his family to the factory, and Charlie rejects the offer. Charlie comes to learn that Wonka had a troubled past with his father, Wilbur Wonka. Wilbur, a dentist, had forbidden Wonka from eating candy, but once Wonka got a taste, he wanted to become a confectioner himself against his father\'s wishes. After running away from home to follow his dream, Wonka later returned to find Wilbur and his home gone completely. Charlie is able to help locate Wilbur and convinces Wonka to visit him. Wonka finds his father has followed his success throughout the years, and the two reunite as a proud father and son. Wonka allows Charlie\'s family to move into the factory while he and Charlie plan out new types of candy to make.'] ['It is Lumpy\'s first Halloween with Roo, Winnie the Pooh and their friends in the Hundred Acre Wood. While the group discusses their plans for Halloween, Until Tigger tells the story of the Gobloon a monster that will turn its\' prey into Jack-o-lanterns , if he catches you but if it is captured, the Gobloon will grant its\' captors one wish. When Pooh eats Rabbit\'s entire stock of candy for trick-or-treating, Roo and Lumpy set out to capture the Gobloon to wish for more candy. Lumpy\'s courage fails him when they reach the Gobloon\'s supposed lair, so Roo tells him the story of when Piglet gained his courage . Inspired, Lumpy helps set a trap for the Gobloon, but the two end up running away when they believe the Gobloon to be returning. Lumpy is separated from Roo, the latter fleeing from an unknown figure with a wheelbarrow full of pumpkins. Lumpy ends up caught in the trap they had for the Gobloon. Lumpy is heart-broken to be alone, as he and Roo had promised to stay together during the adventure. Roo ends up back at the Tree of Terror to find a "Jaggedy-Lantern" looking like Lumpy. Roo recruits Pooh, Piglet, Tigger, Eeyore and Rabbit to help him capture the Gobloon and save Lumpy. The group arrives at the trap and, hearing Lumpy trying to break out of the trap, assume the Gobloon was trapped already. The group is unsure what to wish for, but Roo wishes to have his friend back. Hearing Roo\'s voice, Lumpy is inspired to finally break his way out of the trap, much to the joy of his friends. The group finally goes trick-or-treating, and Kanga, who was in reality the mysterious figure, throws a Halloween party for the friends, complete with Jack-o-lanterns carved in everyone\'s likeness. There was not one for Lumpy, as Kanga explains, "It must have fallen off my wheelbarrow." .'] ['During the Battle of Britain, in the suburb of Finchley near London, Great Britain, the Pevensie children, Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy, are endangered by an attack of numerous German Heinkel He 111 bombers. When running to the shelter, Edmund runs back to the house to get a photograph of his father for which Peter scolds him. The next morning, they are evacuated to the country home of Professor Digory Kirke, who is not accustomed to having children in his house, as Ms. Macready, the strict housekeeper, explains. While the Pevensies are getting used to the house and playing hide-and-seek out of boredom, Lucy discovers a wardrobe and enters a wintry fantasy world called Narnia to her surprise. Lucy shortly encounters and befriends the faun, Mr. Tumnus, who explains about the land she has just entered and invites her back to his home to which she accepts. There, he puts Lucy to sleep by playing a Narnian Lullaby on his flute. However, when she wakes up, Lucy finds Tumnus grieving, and he explains that Jadis, the White Witch, has cursed Narnia, and it has been winter for one hundred years. If a human is ever encountered, they were to be brought to her. Tumnus takes a huge liking to Lucy and cannot bring himself to kidnap her, so he sends her home. When she returns, hardly any time has passed in the normal world, and her siblings do not believe her story since that when they look in the wardrobe, it has a normal wooden back. Peter then scolds Edmund when he jokes about believing Lucy, to which Edmund responds by yelling at Peter and storms out of the room, believing that Peter is trying to be a father figure . One night, Edmund follows Lucy into the wardrobe, presumably to tease her about the country he thinks she has made up. However, he enters Narnia as well, and shortly after searching for Lucy, he meets the White Witch who claims to be "The Queen of Narnia" and her dwarf Ginarrbrik. She offers him Turkish Delight as well as the prospect of becoming king and having power over his siblings if he brings them to her house. After she departs, Edmund and Lucy meet again and return; Lucy tells Peter and Susan about the experience, but Edmund lies about it. The Professor talks with Peter and Susan; he does not understand why they do not believe Lucy\'s story and gives them three possible logical explanations of Lucy\'s behaviour — madness, dishonesty and sincerity — the others know she is neither mad nor dishonest, so she must be telling the truth. However, they are still not convinced. While running away from Ms. Macready after accidentally breaking a window while playing cricket, the four siblings retreat to the wardrobe and enter Narnia. There, they apologize to Lucy. They discover Mr. Tumnus has been taken by the Witch\'s secret police, and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver, who tell them about Aslan. According to the beavers, Aslan is on the move to take control of Narnia from the Witch. The four must help Aslan and his supporters; it has been prophesied that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones, the White Witch\'s reign would end. Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch, where Mr. Beaver explains the witch\'s motive and that the siblings now must resort to reaching Aslan to save him. When he arrives at her castle, she is angry that he did not deliver his siblings. The Witch sends wolves to hunt down the children and the beavers, who barely escape with the help of a fox. Edmund is chained in the Witch\'s dungeon where he meets Tumnus. The Witch demands that Edmund reveal where his siblings are because her police could not find them; Edmund then tells her about Aslan and the witch demands to know where Aslan is. Edmund hesitates when Tumnus claims that Edmund does not know anything and Edmund tells the Witch that he heard no further information regarding Aslan. Seeing that Tumnus is hindering the information, the Witch tells Mr. Tumnus that Edmund betrayed him , then turns Tumnus to stone. While Peter, Lucy, Susan and the beavers travel to the Stone Table, they see what they believe to be the White Witch chasing after them, so they hide. It is really Father Christmas, a sign that the Witch\'s reign is ending. Father Christmas gives Lucy a healing cordial and a dagger to defend herself with. Susan, a bow and arrows and a magical horn that will summon help when blown, and Peter a sword and shield. Pursued by wolves led by Maugrim, the group crosses a thawing river, leaving the Witch unable to reach them. The Witch\'s wolves who then appear had captured the fox that helped the Pevensies escape. The Witch then demands that the fox reveals the Pevensies destination. After the fox refuses to comply, the Witch is about to turn him to stone when Edmund reveals that the Pevensies are heading to the Stone Table and that Aslan is already assembling his army. The Witch however still turns the fox to stone and slaps Edmund in the face for hiding information from her. Arriving at Aslan\'s camp, the group encounters Aslan, who is revealed as a huge and noble lion. Aslan promises to help Edmund in any way he can. Later, two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are frolicking by the river. When Peter intervenes, Maugrim attacks him, and Peter kills him with his sword. After some of Aslan\'s troops follow the other wolf to the witch\'s camp and rescue Edmund, Peter is knighted by Aslan. After Edmund and his siblings reunite, The White Witch journeys to Aslan\'s camp and asserts her claim to the traitor Edmund, but Aslan secretly offers to sacrifice himself instead. That night, as Lucy and Susan covertly watch, Aslan is killed by the White Witch at the Stone Table with a crowd of creatures watching. In the morning he is resurrected because "there is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know". Aslan takes Susan and Lucy to the Witch\'s castle, where he frees the prisoners that the White Witch turned to stone, forming reinforcements for Aslan\'s army. Edmund persuades Peter to lead Aslan\'s army to fight the White Witch\'s forces. Though Aslan\'s army begins to have a winning streak, the White Witch\'s huge army is much larger than Aslan\'s , so it soon begins to lose. To stop the Witch from attacking and killing Peter, Edmund attacks the White Witch and destroys her wand, but is gravely wounded by the Witch in return. Peter, angered at what the Witch did, fights her. As the Witch fights Peter, Aslan arrives with reinforcements and kills her. After Edmund is revived by Lucy\'s cordial, the Pevensies become Kings and Queens, staying in Narnia until they are adults. Fifteen years later, while chasing a white stag through the forest, they come to the same forest clearing where there is a lamppost that Lucy saw on her first trip to Narnia. Lucy begins to remember, and with Edmund, Susan and Peter following, fights through the trees, where they begin to tumble through the coats and finally out of the wardrobe and return to England, becoming children again. The Professor enters the room and asks what they were doing. Peter replies, "You wouldn\'t believe us if we told you, sir." The Professor tosses him the ball that broke the window and replies, "Try me." Lucy later attempts to return to Narnia via the wardrobe, but the Professor tells her he has been trying for many years, and they will probably return to Narnia when they least expect to return.'] ['Skeeter Bronson  is a hotel handyman who was promised by his father, Marty Bronson , to be the manager of the family hotel. A mysophobic named Barry Nottingham agreed to keep that promise when the Bronson family sold their hotel to him—then built a new hotel instead. When the story begins, an adult Skeeter is the new hotel\'s handyman while management is held by Kendall . Barry\'s new hotel, the Sunny Vista Nottingham Hotel, is a hit, but he\'s got plans to build an even more elaborate hotel, one designed around a theme that he\'s keeping secret. Skeeter\'s sister and principal of Webster Elementary School, Wendy , asks Skeeter to watch her kids, Bobbi  and Patrick , while she goes out of town. Skeeter does not know his niece and nephew very well, but agrees to watch them. Helping him out during the day is Wendy\'s friend, Jill Hastings , an elementary teacher who works at the same school as Wendy. That night, putting Bobbi and Patrick to bed, Skeeter gives them a story, one obviously inspired by his own life as an "underappreciated" handyman: a downtrodden squire "Sir Fixalot" rivals the pompous "Sir Buttkiss" in competition for a new job. The kids add their own details such as the king giving Sir Fixalot a chance to prove himself, a mermaid based on Jill, and a downpour of gumballs when Fixalot prevails. The following day, while fixing Barry\'s television, Skeeter learns that the new hotel\'s surprise theme will be rock and roll. Barry is shocked to learn from Skeeter that the idea was already used for the Hard Rock Hotel. Barry offers Skeeter a chance to compete with Kendall for a better theme. While driving, Skeeter is suddenly greeted with a shower of gumballs which he does not see is caused by a crashed candy delivery truck. Skeeter concludes that the story had come true and quickly develops a plan. For the next story, he chooses a Western in which he receives a horse named "Ferrari" from a Native American horse trader  for free. The children change the story to have him save a damsel in distress. They claim he should be rewarded with a kiss, only to have a dwarf kick him instead. That night, Skeeter goes out in search of his Ferrari and meets a man , who steals his wallet. Barry\'s daughter, Violet Nottingham , hounded by paparazzi, is rescued by the passing Skeeter. Just as he is about to kiss her, he is kicked by a dwarf. The dwarf then flees to a nearby AMC Gremlin, hops in, and flees. From this point, he determines that it is only the changes made by the children that affect his reality. The following night, Skeeter tries to sell the kids on the theme ideas contest for the new hotel, but they are more interested in romance and action in their stories. The next story is centered around a Greek gladiator, Skeeticus, who, after impressing the emperor and a stadium of onlookers, attracts the attention of the most beautiful maiden. After a meal in which all the girls who used to pick on him in high school were impressed by the beautiful maiden he is with, they start randomly singing the "Hokey Pokey." After Skeeticus saves a man\'s life, a rainstorm sends him and the maiden into a magical cave which has Abraham Lincoln in it. Skeeter loses his patience with the story and upsets the children, telling them that their stories have nothing to do with real life. Unable to get them to continue, the story ends. The next day, Skeeter learns Violet will not be meeting with him per the story design, but unexpectedly runs into Jill at the beach who invites him to lunch. Recognizing girls at the restaurant from his high school days, Skeeter asks Jill to pretend to be his girlfriend. The girls are plainly impressed and then inexplicably break into the "Hokey Pokey." Walking on the beach with Jill, Skeeter casually saves the life of a man before a sudden rainstorm sends them under the dock. Skeeter realizes that the girl in the stories is Jill, not Violet, and that he is falling in love with her. As they are about to kiss, Skeeter remembers that Abe Lincoln is supposed to appear and moves away. Instead, an American penny  falls from through the cracks of the dock, completing the story. For Skeeter and the kids\' final night together, a space-themed story begins with Skeeter\'s character who battles Kendall\'s character in anti-gravity. Skeeter\'s character, who speaks in alien gibberish, wins and Skeeter quickly ends the story. Patrick interjects that the story is too predictable and—remembering Skeeter\'s argument against whimsically happy endings—pointless. Instead, Skeeter\'s character is incinerated by a fireball and there ends the story. Panicking, Skeeter sees/hears signs of fire everywhere. At Barry\'s luau-themed birthday party, while dodging many fiery hazards, Skeeter\'s tongue is stung by a bee, making him as hard to understand as his character was in the last of the stories. Luckily, Skeeter\'s best friend, Mickey , can still understand him and offers to translate for him. Kendall\'s idea is for a hotel with a theme celebrating Broadway musicals—an idea that impresses no one. Barry much prefers Skeeter\'s approach—simply reminding them of how fun children have when staying at a classy hotel. After winning the competition, Skeeter thinks he\'s found his happy ending. Instead, he panics when he sees Barry\'s oversized birthday cake. Skeeter douses the candle and Barry with a fire extinguisher. Barry immediately tells Skeeter that he\'s fired. Afterward, Jill, Patrick, and Bobbi discover that the school where they all work and attend is to be knocked down to make way for the new hotel, and they are all upset with Skeeter, refusing to believe that he didn\'t know about the location. Wendy believes him, but is upset because he taught the children not to believe in happy endings. She confesses that she had always been jealous of his and their father\'s ability to believe in made up stories and have fun the way she never did and had secretly hoped that by leaving her children with him that his fun loving nature would rub off on them. When they attend the demolition to protest, Skeeter is inspired to prevent the school from being demolished—Donna Hynde , one of the girls from his high school days, is the mayor of the city and helps find Barry Nottingham an alternative location on the beach in Santa Monica. Skeeter takes Jill on a wild motorcycle ride (during which Skeeter steals back his wallet from the thief  which ends at the school and manages to stop the countdown of the demolition. As a reward, Skeeter asks Jill for a kiss and she gladly complies. Sometime later, Skeeter founds Marty\'s Motel  while Kendall and his scheming partner, Aspen , are demoted to Skeeter\'s motel wait staff. The film concludes with Marty Bronson narrating that Barry Nottingham overcame his fear of germs and left the hotel business to became a school nurse at Webster Elementary School. His daughter, Violet Nottingham, became the new owner of her father\'s hotel business and married Mickey as Skeeter and Jill got married as well.'] ['{{Further2}} During the 129th birthday celebration for Bilbo Baggins in Rivendell, Frodo, Bilbo\'s nephew tells the story of his quest to destroy the One Ring. Frodo begins his story with Sam Gamgee, his friend and companion, heading towards Cirith Ungol to rescue him, as he is being held captive there by orcs. During his journey, Sam begins to question his thoughts about claiming the Ring himself. Meanwhile, the wizard Gandalf and the hobbit Pippin arrive at Minas Tirith to warn Denethor, the Steward of the Throne, about the upcoming war &mdash; only to discover that the Steward has lost his mind by believing the war will be the end of mankind. Sam rescues Frodo and returns the Ring. The two then continue on to finish their quest at Mount Doom, only to be attacked by their past guide, Gollum. As Sam holds Gollum off, Frodo makes it to the Crack of Doom, but then decides to claim to the Ring for himself and disappears. At the same time, Gondor\'s neighboring country, Rohan, helps it claim victory in the Battle of Pelennor Fields. After weeks of searching for Frodo in Mount Doom, Sam discovers Gollum and Frodo fighting over the Ring, which results in Gollum biting off Frodo\'s finger to claim it. While dancing with joy at the retrieval of his "Precious," Gollum loses his footing and falls into the lava, taking the Ring with him. With the destruction of the Ring, Sauron is defeated. Months later, Frodo\'s friend, Aragorn, is crowned King of Gondor. The film concludes back in the present with Frodo agreeing to accompany Bilbo as they leave Middle-earth.'] ['The film opens with the tail end of a Friday night baseball game. With the bases loaded, the home team wins by a narrow margin as the batter hits the ball out of the park. Both the celebration of the home team and fans and the dread of losing for the visiting team are cut short as a mysterious spaceship floats over the park, thus snatching the attention of everybody there: the players, the fans, the hot dog and popcorn vendors, and the announcer. After the ship performs a tune, it dissipates into three floating balls of light. One of them forms into a ghost who initially appears as an alien, but thereafter, is revealed to be Fatso , a member of The Ghostly Trio, who releases gas which hits the scoreboard, causing a shower of sparks, also sparking terror. The other two ghosts of the trio, Stinky , and Stretch ([[Jim Ward , join in, causing panic in the park, as everybody scatters. Casper , a shy, friendly ghost , arrives, attempting to settle the rattled crowd, but the people are just as scared. The park is eventually empty, as Casper\'s uncles plan a vacation. Meanwhile, a dark character named Desmond Spellman ([[George Hamilton  is settled down in his mansion. He is the greatest warlock to ever exist, until the Oracle  tells him that in the future Wendy the Good Little Witch  will be the greatest witch to ever exist, and so he plots to kill the "little mall rat", with the advised "Mystic Abyss". He creates two warlock enforcers: Jules , and Vincent  with a mix of chemicals in a blender, exposure to thunder and lightning, and a spill over his catwalk balcony. He assigns them to go to Wendy\'s address  and bring her to him. They prove what they think is a simple task by firing their hand guns through the wall. Meanwhile, Wendy is living in the country with her three aunts Gerti , Gabby , and Fanny . While attempting to befriend the local paper boy, they foil it by slingshotting a green ball of goo at him, thus causing the newspapers to automatically slap him. She is angered, and while trying to prove herself to them, Jules and Vincent arrive with the purpose of abducting her. They begin attacking with their hand guns. She and her aunts narrowly escape Desmond\'s men as Wendy turns their weapons into water guns and traps them in a cage. On the run from her nemesis, she runs into Casper, who has been violently thrown around by his three uncles. They then become great friends, but of course, in the tale, a ghost\'s worst enemy is a witch, and vice-versa, so her aunts don\'t get along with his uncles, and vice-versa. As a part of their plan to convince them to get along, he gets his uncles to haunt a dance, and she convinces her aunts to attend as well. The Ghostly Trio possesses three men at the party and end up flirting with the three witches. Though everything seems to go well, the plan is foiled when their real selves are revealed to Wendy\'s aunts, who bluffingly threaten them with magic. Later, Wendy tells Casper about Desmond and that she and her aunts can\'t use powerful magic, begging him not to tell anyone about this. He accidentally tells the Ghostly Trio, prompting them to attack her and her aunts. She feels she has no choice but to fight them and uses a spell to cover them in plaster. This action is picked up by Desmond\'s magic tracker. The witches are attacked by Jules and Vincent. Before Wendy and her aunts have a chance to escape, Desmond arrives. He tries to cast her into the Mystic Abyss to kill her, but Casper dives in to save her. Her aunts try to fight Desmond but they aren\'t powerful enough. Before he can throw them in along with Wendy, however, a giant three-eyed monster pops up and frightens him, causing him to fall into the Abyss instead. It turns out to be the Ghostly Trio, who combined together to defeat him. While they hold the Abyss open, Wendy\'s aunts pull her and Casper out of it. The Oracle proclaims that she is the greatest witch because she did something no other witch ever did: she befriended a ghost . Finally, she, her aunts, Casper, and his uncles all bid each other goodbye, but he and Wendy reassure each other that they\'ll be together again soon.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with many fairy godmothers taking an exam. There is only one male one doing it, after a few hours of unsuccessfully trying to copy the others in order to pass his own quicker. He eventually finishes. The film then takes place three months after the exam concerning the life of an otherwise insignificant park carriage driver and aspiring actor named Oliver Greening . After an accident with his horse, Duchess, he picks up his daughter, Annabel , and son, Charlie , from school, whereupon he must then go to his audition for A Tale of Two Cities. However, the man who watches him respects his work and even though he would like to consider him, he cannot due to his promise to the show\'s backers of a big name actor in the role. After Annabel attempts to get Charlie to believe that the tooth fairy exists, Murray the fairy godmother  appears after Charlie has gone to sleep. Annabel wants to wish for her father to get the role, but Murray suddenly remembers he is late for an important engagement and promises to return to grant her wish later. That night, Hortence , the head of all fairy godmothers, is holding the annual meeting of the North American Fairy Godmothers Association. All of them appear at the NAFGA home for this meeting. Due to Hortence\'s rule, all the fairy godmothers must check in their wands before the meeting . Murray arrives late and is therefore locked out of the meeting. Meanwhile, Claudia , a former fairy godmother who has turned into an evil witch, has shown up at the meeting uninvited. After Claudia tricks a receptionist into eating a witch\'s apple, putting her to sleep, Hortence arrives and orders Claudia to leave. Claudia refuses and unexpectedly casts a spell that turns the head fairy into a paper-thin, two-dimensional version of herself. The spell renders Hortence completely powerless, leaving Claudia free to stuff Hortence\'s mouth with bricks and steal all the checked wands from her office. Claudia escapes with her accomplice Boots , her pet dog that she has turned into a human, believing she has all the wands... however, she is missing Murray\'s wand, which was not turned in because he missed the meeting. The next day, Annabel realizes that Murray has left his magic wand behind and decides to return it to him, but Charlie breaks it. She tries to fix it during art class, but fails. She runs out of class and hides when her teacher tries to confiscate the wand, but unexpectedly meets Murray. The two disappear to Nebraska, by way of a misconstrued spell cast by him to get out quickly. After he tries and fails to turn a selfish motel owner they meet there into a giant rabbit ; the two end up back in Central Park. Because of them disappearing in an unexplained way, the school closes early. Charlie finds them. Annabel begs Murray to try to grant her wish now that they are close to her father, but due to yet another mishap by him, Oliver is turned into a statue, Duchess into a mouse, and his carriage into a pumpkin. To fix the problem, the three of them go to NAFGA and ask for the help of Hortence. When they arrive, they find her, who is still under the effects of Claudia\'s spell. Murray attempts and succeeds at blasting away the bricks lodged in her mouth. She tells them of Claudia\'s plot and explains that the awry spell must be lifted before midnight, or Oliver will be doomed to remain a statue forever. Claudia, meanwhile, has been looking through the wands, searching for hers. After going through, she realizes it is missing and now belonging to Murray, and is determined to obtain it. Annabel and Murray head to the theater and see Tony Sable, the selfish and conceited actor who is auditioning for Oliver\'s part. Knowing this could ruin her father\'s chance of being in the show, she asks Murray to sabotage the audition any way he can. First he tries to make it rain on the stage , but it is dismissed as a simple technical problem and the audition continues. Then she asks him to give Sable a frog in his throat to impair his singing. He takes this wish too literally, and frogs start hopping out of Sable\'s mouth, shocking the cast and crew. Annabel and Murray celebrate but Sable gets the part since Oliver has not shown up. Boots, who has been looking for Murray, finds them. Murray mentions the story of Brer Rabbit to Annabel and they beg her not to take them to Claudia\'s lair so she will. Boots is tricked and "kidnaps" them, with Charlie following not too far behind with Murray\'s wand. Claudia catches them, and demands them to tell her where her wand is. She tells Annabel that she will make all her wishes come true. When she refuses to tell her, as punishment, she changes her and Murray into ballerinas and makes them dance uncontrollably. She composes the music and makes it go faster and faster until Annabel agrees to tell her. After a fight over the possession of the wand, Claudia wins but Boots steals it back and gives it to Murray. Out of spite, Claudia turns her back into a dog, then attempts to cast a spell on Murray, but, instead, rebounds on a mirror, drawing her into it: her struggles to escape cause the mirror to fall down, shattering into tiny pieces. Murray, Charlie, and Annabel return to Central Park and restore Oliver just in time. He is given the part of Sable\'s understudy thanks to a producer who enjoyed his audition . In order to finally grant Annabel\'s wish, Murray appears backstage and causes Sable to slip on a bucket, and twist his ankle. The resultant temper tantrum gets him fired and Oliver, his understudy, is cast in his place. Charlie and Annabel watch the show with Murray and the other fairy godmothers. The Palace Theatre play  is a success, as Oliver moves the entire audience to tears with his stirring performance, and Murray walks home with Boots .'] ["{{plot}} Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet (Julie Walters and [[Richard Wilson  are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave the garden, objects come alive in both their gardens. The Montague garden is filled with blue garden gnomes, and the Capulet garden houses red garden gnomes. Later, both blue and red gnomes attend a lawnmower race. Representing the blues is Gnomeo  and representing the reds is Tybalt . During the race, it looks like Gnomeo is winning; however, Tybalt cheats and wins the race, destroying Gnomeo's lawnmower. Gnomeo and his best friend, Benny , insult Tybalt for cheating, but Tybalt ignores them. Benny watches Mrs. Montague ordering a new cheap lawnmower called The Kitten Clipper, disappointed. Later that night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in disguise, with blue spray cans. Benny sprays Tybalt's well and accidentally triggers a security light in the process, alerting the red gnomes to attack. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby neglected garden. He bumps into a disguised Juliet , the daughter of the red gnomes leader Lord Redbrick . Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's colour before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their gardens, Juliet tells her frog friend Nanette  about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet then have secret meetings in a secret garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone . He encourages their love, and the two begin to meet regularly. Though when the two of them are getting ready for a date, Lord Redbrick introduces Juliet to Paris , a red gnome that Nanette has fallen for, though Juliet manages to get away. Later, when the two return back to their gardens, Gnomeo finds his mother Lady Bluebury , who is distraught after the reds infiltrated the garden and destroyed the plant Gnomeo's deceased father planted. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. He tunnels underneath to reach the red garden, but just as he is about to spray the prized flowers of the reds, Juliet sees him. He backs out suddenly, telling Benny that the nozzle on the spraying bottle was jammed. When he and Juliet meet up again, they briefly argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them that other people's hate destroyed his love. He and his girlfriend were separated when the two people living in the house, where their garden was, got divorced. After he has explained this, Gnomeo and Juliet apologize, but when they are about to kiss, Benny sees them, distracts them, then runs into the alleyway, where Tybalt is waiting with his lawnmower. Tybalt drives at Benny, chops his hat clean off with a trowel, and attempts to run him down with his lawnmower. Tybalt is interrupted by Gnomeo, and he is destroyed when crashing into a wall. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, but Juliet, to the surprise of her father and clan, defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. A woman suddenly jogs along, so all gnomes become still and inconspicuous. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has Juliet glued to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like her mother. Gnomeo's pet, a mushroom named Shroom, is left alone and goes on the road, where he realizes that what appeared to be Gnomeo is actually a broken blue teapot, and that Gnomeo is still alive. Gnomeo eventually ends up in a park, and climbs onto a Statue of William Shakespeare  and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to Romeo and Juliet and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. However, Gnomeo refuses to accept that sort of ending. Shroom and Featherstone come to find him. Benny, meanwhile, cancels the order of the Kitten Clipper and buys the Terrafirminator lawnmower using the computer, to get revenge on the Red Gnomes, despite Shroom trying to convince him that Gnomeo is still alive. The Terrafirminator goes out of control and destroys most of the two gardens while the gnomes wage a full scale war. Gnomeo makes it back to Juliet to try to un-glue her, but he is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses, and they kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. Everyone believes that both are dead. Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury, both realizing that their feud was responsible for this, decide to end the feud. As they do, they accidentally trigger a switch, which causes a massive tropical castle display to rise up from the remains of Juliet's pedestal. Much to the astonishment of all the gnomes, both Gnomeo and Juliet are revealed to have survived as they rise from the ruins. The residents of the gardens celebrate and Gnomeo and Juliet kiss just as Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet return to find their yards destroyed. The film ends happily with the red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Tybalt is also revealed to still be alive having been glued back together . Featherstone is also reunited with his girlfriend after Benny finds and orders her online. Meanwhile, Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans."] ["The film begins with Puff's narration about a little boy named Jackie Draper, who is filled with so much self-doubt and fear that he has stopped talking altogether. His parents are so concerned that they have three doctors examine him, and they say it is hopeless and that little Jackie will never talk again. Jackie returns to his room, where he sits until Puff comes to his bedroom window and starts a conversation with him. Puff invites himself in, talks to Jackie about inner happiness, and pulls a long sheet of paper out of a magic bag. He cuts the paper into a paper doll shaped like Jackie and dubs it Jackie Paper. He explains Jackie Paper can do anything and then asks he if he can put his happiness into it. After he does so, the paper doll version of Jackie comes to life, and Puff then begin to make plans to go to Hannalee, which is located in the sea. Jackie admits he is afraid. Puff then helps Jackie make a boat using things in Jackie's room, such as string, sealing wax, and the frame of his bed. They set out onto the ocean, where they meet a boat filled with kings and princes in the shape of cards. Afterward Jackie says he was afraid of pirates after hearing about them. They then run into Very Long, a giant pirate who takes them to his island. While they await their fate, Puff says that Very Long will not be scary if they get to know him. They then view his inner desire with Puff's magic smoke rings which have the power to reveal hidden things. It reveals that Very Long secretly wishes to be a baker. Jackie then goes and asks Very Long if he can make pies, which Jackie doubts Long could. After baking dozens of pies, Very Long expresses that he always wanted to be a baker, but never believed he could do it and was afraid he couldn't change from being a pirate. Jackie prompts him to make this change, and Very Long expresses his gratitude to Jackie and Puff. They continue their journey until they reach the starless sky, where jealous clouds block out the brightness of the stars. One of the stars falls, and Puff instructs Jackie to take the small star to the sky with the boat, which Puff gives butterfly wings. In order for the ship to fly, Puff has to get out of the boat, leaving Jackie alone to face his fears. Jackie then returns the star to sky, brightening the sky. Puff rewards Jackie with a medal for bravery. Eventually they reach Hannalee, which, instead of a paradise, turns out to be a gloomy place. This is revealed to be the work of living sneezes that out of depression made the place gloomy to fit their mood. Puff then orders Jackie to leave, as this no place for him. After that Puff sadly walks to his cave, realizing he wasn't brave enough to defeat the sneezes. He is then reunited with Jackie, who returns with Very Long and his chicken soup to cure the living sneezes of their colds, making them happy. They then return Hannalee to its happy glory by singing. Once this is done, Puff and Jackie go back to Jackie's room and return Jackie to his body. Puff tells Jackie that thanks to his creativity he is now a brave boy and leaves, saying he will return to visit. Jackie's parents come into the room to find Jackie happy and talking again. They then hug Jackie and express their love for him. The film ends with Puff asking the audience if they just saw a dragon walk by, similar to what he asked Jackie at the beginning of the story."] ['Milo, a bored, lonely boy who lives in a San Francisco apartment block all by himself, is surprised by the sudden arrival of a large, gift-wrapped package. Inside is a tollbooth, which turns out to be a gateway into a magical parallel universe. As Milo passes through the tollbooth, the character moves from live action to animation, and his toy car transports him to the enchanted Kingdom of Wisdom and the cities of Digitopolis and Dictionopolis. Accompanied by a watchdog called Tock , Milo has a series of adventures in places like the Mountains of Ignorance, the Doldrums, Dictionopolis, Digitopolis, and the Castle in the Air. Together they must rescue the Princesses Rhyme and Reason, who are being held captive in the Castle in the Air, and restore order to the Kingdom of Wisdom. The many eccentric characters they meet include the noisy Dr. Dischord, the Mathemagician, King Azaz, the Senses Taker, and Officer Short Shrift.'] ["In this adaptation of the Christmas story narrated by Charles Dickens himself  with the occasional commentary of Rizzo the Rat, it is Christmas Eve in 19th century London. The merriment is not shared by Ebenezer Scrooge , a surly money-lender who is more interested in profit than celebration. So cold to the season of giving is he that his book-keeping staff, including loyal employee Bob Cratchit , has to plead with him just to have the day off work during Christmas by pointing out that Scrooge would have no customers on the holiday and that it would waste coal to sit alone in the office. Scrooge's nephew, Fred , arrives to invite his uncle to Christmas dinner and two gentlemen (Bunsen and [[Beaker  also come to Scrooge's offices, collecting money in the spirit of the season to provide a Christmas dinner for the poor. Scrooge rebuffs his nephew and complains that it is not worth looking after the poor, as their deaths will decrease the surplus population. Fred is shocked at his uncle's uncharitable and cold nature, but repeats his invitation, makes his own donation, and departs. Later that evening, Scrooge finds himself face to face with the still mean-spirited spirits of his former business partners, Jacob and Robert Marley  who have been condemned to shackles in the afterlife as payment for the horrible deeds they committed in life. Nonetheless, they warn him that he will share the same fate, only worse, if he does not change his ways, and foretell the arrival of three spirits throughout the night. Scrooge is first visited by the Ghost of Christmas Past , a childlike specter who takes Scrooge on a journey back through time to his youth. He recalls his early school days, during which he focused on his studies; meeting of a young woman named Belle , with whom he would later fall in love; and the end of their relationship, despite Scrooge's protests that he would marry her as soon as he feels he has enough money to provide for them, which Belle knows, given Scrooge's birthing obsession with money, he will most likely never have. Scrooge then meets the Ghost of Christmas Present, a large, festive spirit with a booming voice who lives only for the here and now. He gives Scrooge a glimpse into the holiday celebration of others, including Bob Cratchit, and his family who, although poor, are enjoying Christmas together and reveling in the anticipation of the Christmas goose. The Spirit also shows Scrooge's own family, who are not above cracking jokes at Scrooge's expense. Finally, Scrooge meets the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, a silent entity, who reveals the chilling revelation that young Tiny Tim  will not survive the coming year, thanks in no small part to the impoverished existence of the Cratchit family. Furthermore, it is revealed that when Scrooge's own time has passed, others will certainly delight in his absence from the world, with four local pig businessmen attending his funeral only for the free food, and that the laundress, the undertaker and the charwoman Mrs. Dilber steal the very clothes he has slept in and selling it to a spider fence named Old Joe . Upon seeing his headstone in the cemetery, it is the final epiphany that convinces Scrooge to change his ways, and makes him vow to celebrate with his fellow man. He returns to his bedroom on Christmas Day, and Scrooge goes about the town spreading good deeds and charity. He enlists the help of Bean Bunny, at whom he threw a wreath earlier in the film, and the two travel around the town gathering items for a Christmas feast and giving gifts to characters who had previously been wronged by Scrooge. Scrooge tells his assistant, Bob Cratchit, that he is going to raise his salary, and pay for his house mortgage. He also plans a feast for Cratchit's family, and learns to adopt the spirit of Christmas throughout the year, now encouraged by the addition of new friends."] ['In the busy wholesale-retail world of London\'s East End everyone, it seems, has unattainable dreams. Then a small boy - Joe - buys a unicorn, in fact a sickly little goat, with just one twisted horn in the middle of its forehead. This, he has been led to believe by a local tailor, Kandinsky, will bring everyone good fortune. The film has a haunting last image, of Kandinsky carrying the tiny body of the "unicorn" to the graveyard, whilst passing in the opposite direction is a Torah-reading Rabbi pushing a horn gramophone, a character that appears in the background several times during the film.'] ['In London, circa 1897, a young Scottish mouse named Olivia Flaversham is celebrating her birthday with her toymaker father, Hiram. Suddenly, Fidget, a crippled bat with a peg leg, bursts in, and after a brief struggle, disappears with Hiram. Fidget takes Hiram to Professor Ratigan who commands him to create a clockwork robot which mimics the Queen of the Mice so Ratigan can rule England. Hiram refuses to take part in the scheme, whereupon Ratigan orders Fidget to capture Olivia so he can feed her to his pet cat, Felicia. Olivia searches to find Basil of Baker Street, a world-famous detective and Ratigan\'s archnemesis. Returning to London after a tour of duty in Afghanistan, Dr. David Q. Dawson stumbles upon Olivia, and helps her find Basil\'s residence. At first, Basil is reluctant, but when Olivia mentions Fidget, Basil realizes his chance to capture Ratigan. Basil and Dawson take Toby, Sherlock Holmes\'s pet dog, to track Fidget\'s scent, where they find him in a toyshop stealing clockwork mechanisms and toy soldiers\' uniforms. Fidget later traps Olivia by ambushing her from inside a toy cradle. Basil and Dawson pursue Fidget, but become entangled and fall behind. While searching the shop, Dawson discovers Fidget\'s checklist, to which Basil does some chemical tests to discover the list came from the riverfront near the Thames. Basil and Dawson disguise themselves as sailors and go into a tavern called the "Rat Trap" and follow Fidget to Ratigan\'s headquarters. They are caught, and Ratigan ties them to a spring-loaded mousetrap connected with a Rube Goldberg machine. Ratigan sets out for Buckingham Palace, where Fidget and his accomplices kidnap the queen. Basil, along with Dawson, deduces the trap\'s weakness and escape just in time. Back at Buckingham Palace, Ratigan forces Hiram to operate the toy Queen, while the real Queen is taken to be fed to Felicia. The toy Queen declares Ratigan the ruler of all Mousedom, and he announces his tyrannical plans for his new "subjects". Just then, Basil, Dawson and Olivia save Hiram and the real Queen, and apprehend Fidget . Basil seizes control of the mechanical queen, making it denounce Ratigan as a fraud and tyrant while breaking into pieces. The crowd, enraged by Ratigan\'s treason, start climbing onto him and defeating his shanty guards . Ratigan frees himself and escapes on his dirigible with Fidget, holding Olivia hostage. Basil, Dawson, and Hiram create their own craft with a matchbox and some small helium-filled balloons, held under the Union Jack. Ratigan throws Fidget  into the Thames River to his death, and then attempts to drive the dirigible himself. Basil jumps on to the dirigible to confront Ratigan, causing him to crash straight into the Big Ben. Inside the clock, Basil manages to get Ratigan\'s cape stuck on some gears and rescues Olivia and safely delivers her to Hiram. Ratigan, however breaks free and nearly kills Basil  until the clock bell strikes 10:00 and Ratigan plunges to his death, taking Basil with him. However, Basil manages to grab the wreckage of Ratigan\'s dirigible and save himself from falling just in time. Back at Baker Street, Basil and Dawson recount their adventures, as well as the queen\'s gratitude for saving her life. Afterwards, the Flavershams leave to catch their train. As Dawson tries to leave, a distraught new client persuades both Basil and Dawson to help her. Finally, Basil proclaims Dawson to be his "trusted associate, Doctor Dawson, with whom I do all my cases".'] ['The film opens in modern Stockholm. Orphaned by his mother\'s death and father\'s disappearance, Bosse  suffers neglect by his guardians Aunt EdnaAunt Edna is named "Edla" in the Swedish film credits.  and Uncle Sixten, as well as abuse from bullies. His best friend is Benke , whose father Bosse envies. Running away one night to seek his own father, Bosse meets the kindly shopkeeper Mrs Lundin , who gives him an apple and asks him to mail a postcard. The postcard is addressed to the Land of Faraway, informing its King of Bosse\'s impending journey there. After Bosse mails the postcard, his apple turns golden. Dropping the transfigured apple in shock, Bosse stumbles upon a genie  trapped in a bottle and frees it. It turns out that this spirit has travelled from the Land of Faraway to seek Bosse, and that the golden apple is Bosse\'s identifying sign. With the boy clinging to his beard, the genie transports Bosse to the Land of Faraway and sets him down on Green Meadow Island. There, Bosse discovers that his real name is Mio, and that his father is the King . Treated with love and indulgence, Mio leads an idyllic life on Green Meadow Island. He receives the horse Miramis as a gift from his father and makes friends with the local children. The latter include the farm boy Jiri, the shepherd boy Nonno, and the royal gardener\'s son Jum-Jum, who turns out to be Benke\'s double. Together, Mio and Jum-Jum learn to play pan flute music from Nonno. However, not all is well. From a whispering well, Mio learns that an iron-clawed knight from the Land Outside, Kato , has been kidnapping children and making them his servants by ripping out their hearts and replacing them with stone. Those who refuse to serve him are transformed into birds and condemned to circle his castle in flight. Even his name induces terror when spoken. With Jum-Jum and Miramis, Mio leaves Green Meadow Island and journeys to the Forest of Mysteries, where he tears his cape on the briars. The Weaver Woman  receives the boys at her house, mending Mio\'s torn cape and sewing a new lining into it. Hearing the Bird of GriefMio and the Weaver Woman refer to the bird as such. The film\'s theme song refers to it as the "Bird of Sorrow". lament for Kato\'s victims, and told that the Weaver Woman\'s daughter Millimani is among them, Mio gradually learns of his long-prophesied destiny to confront Kato in the Land Outside. Journeying to the Land Outside, Mio and Jum-Jum meet Eno , a hungry old man living in a cave, and offer him food. In gratitude, Eno tells them to seek a weapon against Kato from the Forger of Swords, who has been imprisoned and enslaved by Kato in the Blackest Mountain beyond the Dead Forest. Meanwhile, Kato\'s servants capture Miramis. The boys are forced to continue their journey on foot, pursued by Kato\'s servants through the Dead Forest and the Blackest Mountain. Separated in the mountain\'s tunnels, the boys find each other by playing their pan-flutes. They finally reach the Forger of Swords , who tells the boys about Kato\'s stone heart and provides Mio a sword capable of penetrating it. Mio and Jum-Jum journey to Kato\'s castle, where they are captured and imprisoned. Kato throws Mio\'s sword into the lake outside the castle. However, Mio discovers that his newly-lined cape turns him invisible when worn inside-out, and reclaims his sword with the help of Kato\'s birds. Armed and invisible, he escapes and makes his way to Kato\'s chamber, eluding the castle guards. Taking off his cloak, Mio challenges Kato to combat and eventually slays him. Turning into rock, the dead knight crumbles into pieces. Mio picks up Kato\'s stone heart and holds it outside a window, where it transforms into a bird and flies away. Kato\'s birds turn back into children, Jum-Jum and Miramis are freed, and Kato\'s castle collapses into ruin. The Dead Forest begins to revive. Returning to Green Meadow Island, the children rejoin their families, and Mio rejoins his father. On this happy note, the film ends.'] ['Lilo and her classmates are preparing to perform at the local May Day festival. Each student is required to create an original dance. When Lilo learns that her mother won the competition when she was her age she becomes determined to win it. While preparing for the competition, Stitch\'s past comes back to haunt him. It seems that after Stitch was created, Jumba did not get a chance to fully charge Stitch\'s molecules before they were both arrested. At first, this glitch causes Stitch to revert to his old destructive programming, but it will ultimately destroy him if Jumba cannot create a fusion chamber before Stitch\'s energy runs out. Meanwhile, Stitch\'s uncontrollable destructive behavior is driving a wedge between him and Lilo and ruining her chances for success at the hula competition. Because Lilo is so concerned about winning the competition she fails to notice his glitch and does not understand that the trouble he is causing now is not his fault; she is too busy trying to get him to help her and completely neglects helping him. Eventually, the two devise a hula based on the legend of Hi\'iaka. Lilo gets increasingly angry at Stitch as he ruins their practice sessions. To make matters worse Jumba is having problems creating the fusion chamber due to the fact that he does not have the proper alien technology to build it and has to try building it using ordinary house-hold objects. However, just before the competition, Lilo and Stitch make-up and Jumba finally completes the fusion chamber. Then, Stitch has another one of his fits and accidentally scratches Lilo; this upsets him so much that he decides to leave Earth, believing himself to be "too dangerous". Lilo finally realizes that something is terribly wrong with Stitch and in the middle of her performance she forfeits the competition to help him. As Stitch attempts to leave Earth, Lilo and the rest of the family desperately try to get him back so that they could re-charge him. Stitch then has another outburst which causes him to crash the space ship in the Hawaiian mountains, Lilo rides over to the crash site in a mini space scooter, she finds Stitch close to death and struggles to get him into Jumba`s fusion chamber. Unfortunately, she is too late by the time she places him in the machine and Stitch dies, but with Lilo\'s  love for him, Stitch is revived, they all attend Lilo\'s hula play and there is a happy ending.'] ['A young spunky piglet, named Gordy , lives on Meadow Brook Farm somewhere in Arkansas. After his father is taken up North to an undetermined fate , the piglet learns from the farm\'s rooster that his mother and siblings were taken while he pursued his father. Determined to locate his family and return to the farm, Gordy heads out alone to find them. He eventually ends up in the care of Jinnie Sue MacAllister , a young upbeat country singer who lives in a camper van with her also country singer father, Luke , and their "manager", Cousin Jake . Jinnie Sue, not knowing Gordy\'s name, calls him Pinky. They travel to a dinner party where Luke performs for the governor of Arkansas. Also there is rich businessman, Henry Royce , his daughter Jessica , her rather dull but scheming fiancé, Sipes , and Jessica\'s lonely young son Hanky. Hanky wanders off on his own and meets Gordy and Jinnie Sue. Hanky falls into a swimming pool, but cannot swim. Jinnie Sue rushes off to get help, but Gordy dives into the pool with an inflatable and saves Hanky. Grateful, Hanky is given Gordy as a pet. Gordy\'s bravery also makes him suddenly famous. Royce and Sipes have alternate decisions on who the new mascot of the Royce company should be: Gordy or Jessica. In the end, Gordy wins, due to a switched camera lens used on Jessica\'s promotion. Sipes is determined to remove Gordy and then take control of the company. He sends his two guards, Dietz and Krugman to kidnap Gordy, but Gordy and Hanky escape on board a school bus, which the two men pursue. On the way, they are distracted briefly by a cross-dressing thief, and discover that Gordy and Hanky have escaped onto a feeding truck. The two unexpectedly meet up with the MacAllisters, who learn from the radio that Hanky has apparently runaway. Another bulletin follows, revealing Henry Royce has died of a heart attack. The MacAllisters return Hanky and Gordy to the Royce building in St. Louis, Missouri where an attorney reveals Henry has left his company to Hanky and Gordy. Cousin Jake, upon learning Gordy\'s family is missing, organizes a giant country-wide search to locate them and also a country music concert in Branson, Missouri in Gordy\'s name. A host of country singers perform, as well as a surprise speech from President Bill Clinton  who unveils a new stamp of Gordy. Sipes sends his men to kill Gordy but he is saved by Cousin Jake. Jake returns Gordy to Hanky and Jinnie Sue. Everyone learns from someone who calls into the telethon where Gordy\'s parents are going to be slaughtered at an unidentified slaughterhouse in Nebraska. Sipes tries to hide the fact that the very same slaughterhouse is owned by the Royce family. However, a battle happens between Sipes and Luke, Jessica and Luke knocking him out with the suitcase of Brinks, the family attorney. Gordy, Hanky, Jinnie Sue, Jessica, Luke, Cousin Jake and Brinks race to stop the slaughterhouse from killing Gordy\'s parents but a train slows them down. Hanky successfully rings the lovestruck supervisor and the slaughterhouse is shut down just in time. To Gordy\'s happiness his parents and siblings have survived and he is reunited with his father who was also about to be killed at the slaughterhouse. The pigs are moved back to the farm, which Luke and Jessica decide to buy with most of the Royce Company profits, the two marry and Hanky, Jinnie Sue and Cousin Jake move in too. Gordy has a happy ending, his family together again with new members.'] ["{{plot}} The movie begins with Barbie and Teresa writing a song together on their guitars when Barbie's sister Stacie storms in, angry at her friend Courtney. Barbie decides to tell Stacie the story of two friends named Liana and Alexa, who also get angry at each other. Although the two girls do not have much, they have each other, a love of music and depend on planting flowers to upkeep their living. They live in a hut beside a beautiful garden. One day, they find a pair of heart-shaped stones in the river near their house, not realizing they are actually trinkets of the mythical Diamond Castle. And they turn them into necklaces to symbolize their friendship. The next day, after sharing the last of their food with an old woman, she gives them a mirror, although none of them are aware that it is the hiding place of Melody, an apprentice muse on the run from Lydia, a previous muse who turned evil and changed the other two muses to stone, but not before they hid their home, the Diamond Castle, and left the key with Melody. As the Diamond Castle is the birthplace of all music, Lydia's finding it would mean the end of music, and with it, eventually the world. Liana and Alexa coax a song out of Melody by singing, and Lydia's minion, a dragon known as Slyder, is able to locate the young muse by her voice. With their home destroyed by Slyder, Alexa and Liana head off with Melody to find the Diamond Castle and keep it safe from Lydia, finding two small puppies on their way. But with no food or money, they eagerly take the place of two musicians at an inn that evening. The musicians, twin boys named Ian and Jeremy, hear the girls play and sing, and instantly fall for them, but the girls leave them behind at the inn. No sooner are they out of the town than Lydia confronts them, using her magic flute to cast a mind spell on them, but the stones on their necklaces  protect them. Unable to use her magic against them, Lydia sics Slyder on them, and he nearly gets them, but the twins from the inn arrive on horseback, and the four of them give Slyder the slip. The girls travel with the twins, who wind up running into a troll that they had managed to trick the last time they met. The troll vows to eat the boys this time unless the girls answer his riddle. They do, which not only frees the boys, but reveals a rainbow bridge that carries the girls off, leaving the boys behind. Liana and Alexa continue to travel, but soon run out of food and water. But not for long, as Liana spots a mansion in the middle of a wood, and when they go in to ask for shelter, the servants there  tell them that they are the long-awaited mistresses of the house. With all the food and clothes they could ever want, Alexa longs to stay, but Liana wants to honor the promise they made to Melody, and the two girls fight. In the end, Liana leaves and Alexa stays, ripping off her necklace in anger at her friend's apparent betrayal. Almost as soon as Liana is gone, Slyder arrives and takes Alexa to Lydia. After determining that Melody is not with Alexa, Lydia uses her flute powers to get Liana's location, and because Alexa is no more wearing the heart-shaped stone, she also falls under Lydia's spell. Thus, Alexa tells Lydia that Liana and Melody are heading to the seven stones . After Liana got kidnapped, Lydia uses a mind-controlled Alexa to threaten Melody into telling her where to find the Diamond Castle. Although Lydia promises to release Liana and Alexa once the Diamond Castle is hers, Slyder knocks the two girls over a cliff, and they very narrowly escape falling into some kind of strong acid. Liana uses Alexa's necklace to undo Lydia's spell, and they manage to climb up the cliff. One of the puppies leads the twins to where the girls are, and together they all head to the hiding place of the Diamond Castle. Meanwhile, Melody kept Lydia busy with a fake story about the key to the castle, and by the time Lydia catches on, the girls and twins have a plan of their own set in place. The twins lure Slyder away and keep him busy while the girls pretend to fall under Lydia's mind-control spell. Lydia creates a whirlpool in a nearby pond and commands the girls to jump in and drown, but Liana pulls away Lydia's flute instead. Lydia counters by threatening to break the mirror Melody is in, but Melody breaks it herself, aware that it would be worse to let the Diamond Castle fall into Lydia's hands and an angry Lydia throws the mirror in the whirlpool. With the help of the dogs Alexa saves Melody and Liana drops Lydia's flute in the whirlpool, and Lydia goes after it, but gets caught in the flow. She tries to cast a spell to make the whirlpool disappear, but her waterlogged flute backfires and she disappears instead. The girls realize that the song Melody sang earlier is the key, and their singing reveals the Diamond Castle. Stepping inside the castle changes everyone's clothes into beautiful and more grand dresses and suits, and releases Melody from the mirror. Melody leads Liana and Alexa to the other muses' instruments, but Lydia, not entirely gone for good, returns on Slyder and attacks. Melody saves the instruments from being turned to stone, and the girls play and sing, creating a barrier that turns Lydia's spells against her, turning both her and Slyder into stone and bringing peace to the Diamond Castle at last. With Lydia gone for good this time, the other muses are returned to life and the castle. They bestow the title of Princesses of Music to Liana and Alexa, promote Melody to a full muse, and give Jeremy and Ian rocking electric guitars. Although Melody would love for Liana and Alexa to stay at the castle forever, the girls just want to go back home, so the muses give them special flower seeds and send them on their way. Back home, Liana and Alexa plant the magical flower seeds and beautiful flowers soon grow. Jeremy and Ian are successful in their performances with their electric guitars. The puppies, named Sparkles  and Lily , follow by the girls' sides. When the story ends, Stacie realizes nothing can break true friendship. She goes to apologize to Courtney. Meanwhile, a song from Barbie and Teresa ends the movie."] ['{{unclear}} The Little Vampire is based on a young boy named Tony Thompson  who travels from California to Scotland. Tony is an only child, and he has no friends and is often bullied at school by his two male classmates who happen to be the grandsons of his father\'s boss. It seems as though he has suffered his first year at his new school. However, he starts to have recurring nightmares about vampires. Tony\'s life starts to get interesting; he meets a young vampire named Rudolph , who soon becomes his best friend, after the go over saving each others life. Rudolph\'s siblings are Anna  who develops a crush on Tony, and Gregory . Rudolph\'s family have been looking for a mystical stone to turn them human, but something gets in their way; an evil vampire hunter named Rookery . He wants the stone to send all the vampires to hell. After searching for the stone in many places, including the tomb of two vampires that last owned the stone, a vision occurred to Tony. The vision was the stone in his room. the stone is buried under the floorboards and is the reason for Tony\'s constant nightmares. Tony is captured by Rookery, but with the help of Rudolph, Tony is safe. They return to the cliffs were the vampires gather to the sound of "the call" . A battle ensues, Rookery comes up hanging with a rope on Tony\'s father Bob\'s  blip. Rookery is murdered by Tony\'s father, who pushes him off the cliff to his death. Tony turns all the vampires back to human. While Rudolph and his family moved into a house near the Halloween Festival where Tony and his parents attend, Tony later reunites with Rudolph and Anna when Tony performs the mystical whistle Anna had taught him earlier.'] ['Scrat, the saber-toothed squirrel (a fictional animal from the [[Ice Age , while trying to find a place to hide his acorn, finds a buried time machine next to the ice-encased skeletal body of a human time traveler that looks like Einstein. He accidentally activates the machine, sending the acorn away. Scrat gets mad and tries to beat up the time machine and it sends him to the Middle Ages. Finding the acorn wedged under a rock, Scrat sees the Sword in the Stone and decides to use it as a lever to move the rock. He pulls out the sword but then finds himself under attack by a group of unseen archers, and uses the sword to block the arrows fired by the archers. He frees the acorn and takes it and the time machine and races off to find cover, only to hide in the barrel of a cannon. The cannon fires him into the path of hundreds of incoming arrows. The time machine teleports the acorn mid-flight and Scrat just barely manages to activate the machine again for himself. He materializes in an arena in Ancient Rome. Scrat reaches for his acorn, but is dragged off when his tail is caught on a passing chariot. Scrat manages to free himself just as a fanfare sounds. He thinks it is victory music and introduces himself to the crowd like a triumphant gladiator, proudly holding up his acorn. Then he hears the growl of a lion coming from the tunnel behind him. He activates the time machine again, and lands on a field of ice. He is overjoyed, thinking he is home, but he soon learns he\'s really in 1912 when he sees the RMS Titanic heading straight towards him. The time machine is activated after impact, and Scrat finds himself in the first Ice Age movie, where he encounters himself and fights himself for his acorn. (Manny, Sid, [[Diego  The acorn is teleported again, much to the distress of both Scrats. The time traveling Scrat is then sent to many dangerous situations where he would have been killed if he had not activated the time machine in time; under a launching rocket, in a dark jewellery store, in a girl\'s locker room , in the French Revolution , during Benjamin Franklin\'s kite flying experiment, in front of a wrecking ball, in front of the Hiroshima, on the tracks of a steam locomotive and in front of Michelangelo\'s David . Frustrated, Scrat punches the machine, which sends him into a strange realm of floating timepieces. Scrat spots his acorn and grabs it, just before being drawn into a wormhole along with his acorn and the time machine. The wormhole lands Scrat in front of an enormous oak tree. Overjoyed at the sight of so many acorns, he tosses away his own acorn, which lands on and activates the time machine. Before it can fire again, Scrat smashes the time machine. Scrat attempts to remove the nuts from the tree, but soon discovers that it is only a sculpture, with a plaque on it reading "Here Stood the Last Oak Tree." Scrat realizes he\'s in the far future, where oak trees  are extinct. He realizes that the acorn he brought with him is the only real one around. He makes a dash for it, but the time machine manages to fire one last time, transporting the acorn right out of his paws right before the time machine collapsed into pieces. Stranded in the acorn-less future, Scrat lets out a scream of frustration, ending the film. Then the lost acorn ends up floating behind the credits of the film.'] ['Chanticleer  is a proud rooster whose singing wakes the sun up every morning . His singing keeps the other animals happy and the farm free from downpours. However, one morning, Chanticleer is attacked by another rooster sent by the "Grand Duke of Owls" . Chanticleer wins, but forgets to crow and the sun rises without his singing. The other animals reject him and drive him out of the farm, causing a perpetual rainstorm and the beginning of the Grand Duke\'s reign of terror on the farm. The story then reveals to be a storybook that a mother named Dory  reads to her child, Edmond , who becomes increasingly concerned about the impending flood on the family\'s farm. As his family leaves to help battle the storm, Edmond calls for Chanticleer to come back. Instead he is confronted by the Grand Duke of Owls, who expresses anger over Edmond\'s apparent lack of consideration for the needs of the owls and subsequently transforms Edmond into a kitten as punishment.{{cite book}} Before the Grand Duke can devour Edmond, he is distracted by the appearance of Patou the Basset Hound  and is driven away by the shine of a flashlight, which is his only weakness. Astonished by his transformation, the farm animals tell Edmond that they also seek Chanticleer\'s return, as his crowing is the only thing that can bring sunlight back to their farm. Edmond teams up with Patou, Snipes the magpie  and Peepers the mouse  and they make their way to the City, where they hope to find Chanticleer. Meanwhile, at the Grand Duke\'s lair , the Grand Duke is alerted of Edmond\'s journey to the city by his pygmy nephew Hunch , who the Grand Duke then sends off to stop Edmond and the other animals, who are floating on the flood. After fending off an attack from Hunch and the rest of the Grand Duke\'s owl henchmen, Edmond and the others finally reach the city, where they begin their search for Chanticleer. After a few hours, they finally find Chanticleer, who now makes a living as a famous Elvis impersonator, arousing the jealousy of a fellow performer, a pheasant named Goldie . Edmond and friends try to talk to Chanticleer, but are pushed aside by a group of singing toads acting as bouncers. Once the Grand Duke finds out where they went, he sends Hunch after them, but, fearing the bright lights of the city, the Grand Duke gives him a pair of protective sunglasses to prevent the light from hurting him. The flood worsens and the farm animals lose communication with Edmond and the others as the Grand Duke and his owls wait for the batteries in the animals\' flashlight to run out, knowing that it runs out eventually. Edmond and his friends disguise themselves and manage to send a note to Chanticleer, but he is distracted by Goldie, who has fallen in love with him. Edmond\'s attempt to reason with Goldie results in him and his friends being captured by the bodyguards and locked away in a trailer. Hunch breaks into the trailer and tries to do away with the group, but his failure inadvertently sets them all free. Out of guilt, Goldie shows Chanticleer the note that Edmond sent him and the two ride off on a prop motorcycle to save their friends. Chanticleer and the gang manage to flee from the bodyguards in an intense car chase and steal a helicopter, which they use to make their way back to the farm, where the farm animals have run out of batteries in their flashlight again and are about to be eaten by the Grand Duke and his owls. After using the helicopter\'s searchlight to temporarily drive off the owls, Edmond and the others try to get Chanticleer to crow, but he is out of practice and soon gives up. The Duke taunts Chanticleer in his stupor and strangles Edmond into unconsciousness when he chants for Chanticleer. Awed by Edmond\'s courage, Patou and the other animals chant the rooster\'s name in unison, causing the Duke to transform himself into a tornado. Finally regaining his confidence, Chanticleer crows loud enough for the sun to rise, shrinking the Duke down into a harmless miniature version of himself. Hunch, eager for revenge, attacks his uncle with a flyswatter. The floods then begin to subside. Believing that Edmond has died, the animals mourn him until he transforms back into a human boy since his punishment ended because he learned the error of his ways and stopped being afriad, causing the Duke\'s spell to break. Edmond awakes in the real world, finding it was all just a dream. Nevertheless, Edmond still believes in Chanticleer, using his imagination to visit the world of Chanticleer once more.'] ['Littlefoot\'s grandfather one night tells the children a story about "The Lone Dinosaur" , a legendary longneck who once protected the Great Valley from the most ferocious sharptooth ever to live. A fight ensued, which led to the Sharptooth\'s death. However, the sharptooth left "The Lone Dinosaur" with a scar slashed across his right eye. Soon after the battle, a huge monolith that resembled a proud sauropod, having life-sized Sharptooth teeth arranged around his neck, came out of the ground during an earthquake. The dinosaurs called it "Saurus Rock". The legend also states that if anyone damages the monolith, bad luck would descend upon the valley. A few days later when the kids are playing, Littlefoot accidentally falls off a cliff. Just before he hits the ground, a gruff Diplodocus rescues him. This longneck introduces himself only as "Doc" and gives no knowledge of his history. Littlefoot is intrigued by this newcomer, who is scarred across one eye and displays prior knowledge of the Great Valley\'s topography. For the preceding reasons, Littlefoot assumes that Doc is the Lone Dinosaur. He tells his friends this, narrating an apparently extemporaneous legend to support his assumption. Inspired, Cera\'s infant nieces, the twins Dinah and Dana, go to Saurus Rock without anyone noticing. Later when the friends are playing, they notice that Dinah and Dana are missing. Recalling their talk of the day before, they go to Saurus Rock to find them. When they finally reach Saurus Rock, they see Dinah and Dana on the top. As they climb up to rescue them, Dinah and Dana fall off the top and land on Cera, causing the life-sized stone tooth on which she is standing to break off. As they walk home, an odd-looking Sharptooth chases them. As they are being pursued, they cross a gorge via a suspended log, and as the Sharptooth follows them, he throws the log over the ravine. They start to get out, with no sign of the Sharptooth yet, until Spike gets stuck in a gap in the log. When he gets out, the Sharptooth breaks the log and falls into the ravine below. When they get home, Cera is confronted by her father, who scolds her for losing the twins. Over the next few days, ill fortunes plague the valley. First Ducky and Spike are attacked and stung by wasps. Then the watering hole drys up. Then a tornado hits the valley. The adults blame Doc, in whose wake the misfortunes have apparently come, while Littlefoot blames himself and his friends, recalling the breaking of Saurus Rock. Eager to prove himself a solitary hero so Doc can stay, Littlefoot attempts alone to take one of the supposedly dead Sharptooth\'s teeth to replace the broken stone. He discovers, as he attempts to extract the tooth, that the Sharptooth is still alive. While he is running, he crawls between a large boulder that the Sharptooth is trying to break through, and Littlefoot is confronted by another sharptooth, resembling the one from the story, and it almost has him. Just as the new Sharptooth is near to him, he is rescued by his grandfather, who tells him to run as he finds his friends who lead his grandfather there. The new Sharptooth is then joined by the original, who broke through the boulder and are working together to take down his grandfather. One of the Sharptooths\' leg is suddenly grabbed and pulled down by Doc\'s tail, who helps his grandfather. The two Sharpteeth try to make a clear shot together, but hit the rock tower instead. The two elders then combine their efforts and imprison the Sharpteeth by tearing down the rock tower. The children cheer as the sharpteeth have been defeated and have a tooth for Saurus Rock. Littlefoot and his friends then complete Littlefoot\'s self-assigned mission. Doc departs, remarking as he goes that Littlefoot already has a hero on whom to depend, referring to Littlefoot\'s grandfather, as Littlefoot glances back at his grandfather carrying his friends to the neck of Saurus Rock. He then glances back at Doc, who is already almost out of sight, and then runs back to his grandfather. He asks his grandfather how the new tooth looked, His grandfather replies positively and Littlefoot wonders if the bad luck will finally be over. His grandfather starts to remind him, and Littlefoot finishes it for him, that there is no such thing as bad luck, but that there is no harm in making sure. Littlefoot and Cera later build a legend of their own based on this new paradigm, portraying Grandpa Longneck as a savior.'] ['In the opening scene, Scrat, the saber-toothed squirrel climbs a glacier to bury his acorn, but accidentally opens a hole in it, causing water to spurt out. The world of ice is slowly melting. The creatures of the Ice Age are all shown enjoying themselves on slides and pools made by the melting ice; among them the three protagonists of the first film: Manny, Sid, and Diego. Sid opens a small day camp, where none of the younger creatures take him seriously, nor do Manny and Diego, which leaves Sid seeking a daring deed. Fast Tony, a local con artist is claiming that the earth will flood and that the bark and reeds which he sells are needed to stay alive. Manny dismisses the idea, but is distracted when he sees that Sid will try to high dive from a giant waterfall; as Manny goes with Diego to the top of the waterfall to save Sid from his act of daredevilry, they see that the pleasant weather has caused the ice shelves to melt, and it is kept from destroying the valley only by the glaciers, which have formed a dam. A lone vulture warns the animals that a giant tree can act as a boat and save them if they make it to the end of the valley within three days time, and all soon set out to find it. As the animals begin their journey, Sid sings three songs to tease Manny about Mammoths being "extinct". During the evacuation, a glacier which contains two sea reptiles from the Mesozoic era, Cretaceous and Maelstrom, breaks off. When Manny briefly is separated from them, Diego and Sid encounter two mischievous opossums named Crash and Eddie who drive them nuts by playing whack-a-mole with them. Manny is teased about being the last mammoth alive, but is surprised when he encounters Ellie, a female mammoth who believes she is an opossum and Crash and Eddie\'s sister. Sid invites her to tag along with the group to escape the flood, and she brings her brothers. After a perilous ordeal with Cretaceous and Maelstrom while crossing a pond, Sid finds out that Diego is afraid of water, prompting him to encourage Diego to admit and face his fears - Diego insists that "fear is for prey", so Sid points out that Diego is behaving as if he is the water\'s prey. They discover an area which Ellie recalls as the place where she was adopted. She finally realizes she is a mammoth but distances herself from Manny when he suggests "saving their species". Ellie and Manny ultimately make up when they must co-operate to save the group when the ground cracks under their feet. Sid is kidnapped by a tribe of mini-sloths who believe Sid to be a god. Sid lights a fire for them, and believes that he has finally found respect, but they plan to sacrifice him by tossing him into a volcano. Sid narrowly escapes. The next morning, Sid tells the others his experience but none are convinced. They find a field of hot geysers, which separate Manny, Sid, and Diego from Ellie and her brothers when they argue about which way to go through it. When the flood comes, Manny saves Ellie from drowning as she is caught in a cave , while Diego overcomes his fear of water to save Sid. Cretaceous and Maelstrom arrive, but due to Manny\'s quick thinking, they are finished off by a rock which falls on them, killing them both. The other animals are at the mercy of the water currents. Meanwhile, Scrat climbs up the glacier and at the top sticks the acorn he has into the ice. This forms a crack in the glacier, which widens into a fissure, diverting the flood and saving the animals. Scrat is then washed away. In the final scene, a herd of mammoths shows up, but Manny and Ellie decide to remain together anyway, taking Sid, Diego, and the opossum brothers along. Sid encounters the mini-sloths again - they believe Sid stopped the flood and invite him to be their leader. Diego, surprised to see the mini-sloths are real, convinces Sid to stay with the others, reluctantly admitting that Sid is a vital part of their \'herd\'. The epilogue shows Scrat having a near death experience after falling into the fissure. He enters a heaven full of acorns. Suddenly, he finds himself torn away. He unhappily wakes up, having been resuscitated by Sid, who he proceeds to viciously attack.'] ['Brunhilde is a fish-girl who lives with her father Fujimoto, a once-human wizard who now lives underwater, and her numerous smaller sisters. One day, while she and her siblings are on an outing with their father in his four-flippered submarine, Brunhilde is driven by a desire to see even more of the world and floats away on the back of a jellyfish. After an encounter with a fishing trawler , she ends up stuck in a bottle. She drifts to the shore of a small fishing town and is found and rescued by a small boy named Sōsuke. He cuts his finger in the process, but Brunhilde licks his wound when he picks her up, and the wound heals almost instantly. After taking a great liking to her, Sōsuke renames her Ponyo and promises to protect her forever. Meanwhile, a distraught Fujimoto is searching frantically for his daughter. Because of his own bad memories of the human world, he believes that Sōsuke has kidnapped her, and he calls his wave spirits to recover her. After the wave spirits take Ponyo away, Sōsuke is heartbroken and goes home with his mother, Lisa, who tries to cheer him up, to no avail. Ponyo and Fujimoto have a confrontation, during which Ponyo refuses to let her father call her by her birthname, "Brunhilde". She declares her name to be Ponyo and voices her desire to become human, because she has started to fall in love with Sōsuke. Suddenly she starts to grow legs and turn into a human, a power granted to her by the human blood she ingested when she licked Sōsuke\'s finger. Her father turns her back with difficulty and goes to summon Ponyo\'s mother, Granmamare. Meanwhile, Ponyo, with the help of her sisters, breaks away from her father and uses his magic to make herself fully human. The huge amount of magic that she inadvertently releases into the ocean causes an imbalance in the world, resulting in a huge tsunami. Running pell-mell over the waves of the storm, Ponyo goes back to visit Sōsuke, who is amazed but overjoyed to see her. Lisa is equally amazed, but takes Ponyo\'s transformation in stride. Lisa, Sōsuke, and Ponyo wait out the storm at Sōsuke\'s house, with the new world an amazing journey of discovery for Ponyo. Worried about the residents of the nursing home where she works, Lisa leaves to check up on them, promising Sōsuke that she will return as soon as possible. Granmamare arrives at Fujimoto\'s submarine. On her way there, Sōsuke\'s father sees and recognizes her as the Goddess of Mercy. Fujimoto notices the moon appears to be falling out of its orbit and satellites are falling like shooting stars, symptoms of the dangerous imbalance of nature that now exists. Granmamare declares that if Sōsuke can pass a test, Ponyo can live as a human and the world order will be restored. A still-worried Fujimoto reminds her that if Sōsuke fails the test, Ponyo will turn into sea foam. Sōsuke and Ponyo wake up to find that most of the land around the house has been covered by the ocean. Since it is impossible for Lisa to come home, the two children decide to find her. With the help of Ponyo\'s magic, they make Sōsuke\'s toy boat life-size and set out across the ocean. Over the course of their journey, they see prehistoric fish swimming beneath them, and encounter several other evacuees in boats. After landing and finding Lisa\'s empty car, Ponyo and Sōsuke head into a tunnel. There Ponyo loses her human form and reverts into a fish. Meanwhile, Lisa and the residents of the nursing home are below the surface, but have been temporarily given the power to breathe underwater. Sōsuke and Ponyo encounter Fujimoto, but Sōsuke doesn\'t trust him and attempts to flee. However, Fujimoto captures them and takes them down to the protected nursing home. Sōsuke is reunited with Lisa and meets Granmamare, with whom Lisa has just had a long private conversation. Granmamare asks Sōsuke if he can love Ponyo whether she is a fish or human. Sōsuke replies that he "loves all the Ponyos." Granmamare then tells her daughter that if she chooses to become human once and for all, she will have to give up her magical powers. Ponyo agrees to this, so Granmamare encases her in a bubble and gives her to Sōsuke, and tells him that kissing the bubble will complete Ponyo\'s transformation. The balance of nature is then restored, and the previously stranded ships head back to port, including Sōsuke\'s father\'s. Ponyo jumps high in the air and kisses Sosuke, transforming back into a human.'] 