['The story is about an ostracized teenager, Cliff Evans, who following his parents\' divorce has no friends and becomes a completely withdrawn "cipher". Then on a school bus, he asks to be let off, and collapses and dies in the snow near the roadside. His school\'s math teacher is asked to notify his parents and write the obituary. Though listed as Cliff\'s favorite teacher, he recalls that he hardly knew him. After getting a delegation to go to the funeral - it\'s impossible to find ten people who knew him well enough to go - the teacher resolves never to let this happen to another child in his charge. It is implied that his death was because no one loved him.'] ['Simon Jackson is an awkward high school teenager who befriends a white bear that saves his life. He learns that the bear is endangered by the destruction of its habitat from logging and grows out of his shell to launch a campaign to the government to protect the bear. He then learns about the hardships of a campaign but succeeds with the help of his friend, Lloyd Blackbird, and his supporters.'] ['Lenny, a divorced father and a projectionist at a Manhattan movie theater, spends two weeks with his young sons Sage and Frey.'] ['Pablo aka "El Bola"  http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Jos%C3%A9_Ballesta is a twelve year old boy who suffers abuse by his father . His violent family situation prevents him from having friends at school until a new kid, Alfredo , arrives at school. The warm, caring atmosphere in Alfredo\'s family provides a stark contrast to Pablo\'s oppressive situation under his father. Soon, Pablo finds a different reality in his new friend\'s family who teaches him to confront with courage his worst fears.'] ["Old Enough is an earnest take on the coming-of-age story, set in New York City. Karen  is a streetwise teen from a lower-middle-class family who pursues a friendship with 11-year-old Lonnie . Lonnie is from a wealthy, upper-class family who live in the area. As the two become friends, they expose each other to the very different lifestyles they live. In the process they learn lessons each culture has to offer. The situation becomes complicated when Karen's brother Johnny  shows interest in Lonnie and Lonnie begins to develop a crush on him. Soon, a sensual new neighbor  moves into Karen's family's apartment building, whom Johnny becomes slightly infatuated with. Circumstances arise that will test Karen and Lonnie's friendship.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087837/"] ["Keeping The Promise, tells the story of a 13-year-old boy, Matt  and his father,  who, as early settlers, together build a wooden cabin in Maine in 1768. However, Matt's father must head back to Quincy, Massachusetts, to get Matt's mother, sister, and newborn sibling who were all left behind so Matt and his father could build shelter for them. Matt's father promises to return in seven weeks and Matt is left alone with his father's old watch  and a hunting rifle to guard the family's newly-built homestead and field crops. Unfortunately, Matt finds himself enduring many hardships for which he is unprepared. His hunting rifle is stolen by a stranger named Ben Loomis; while chasing after Ben: Matt trips and falls into a river. Luckily, Matt's misadventure has not gone unnoticed and he is pulled from the water. Ironically, the Indians he has learned to fear, through tales that his father had told him, save his life in this part of the story. His injured leg is treated by the Indian chief named Saknis. While recovering, Matt begrudgingly allows Saknis to take his book  for saving his life. Saknis later returns with book and asks Matt whether a knife or a book would win a fight - Matt says the knife would win, Saknis points out that the words of the white man have already won the land away from his people. Saknis commands that Matt is to teach his grandson to read. Although uncertain of how to teach anyone, especially the unwilling Attean, Matt accepts the task out of obligation, as he owes his life to the man. Meanwhile his father returns to his family only to find there is a fever in the village which kills their neighbour's daughter, the family leave quickly knowing that the town will probably be closed to stop the spread of fever. On their way the newborn and the mother come down with fever, this delays them and when they reach the boat for its last crossing before winter they are turned back because of the baby's illness. The Mother recovers, but unfortunately the baby doesn't and has to be buried as they travel the land route. Back in Maine Matt does not immediately befriend Attean, although the two young boys eventually form a strong friendship as they help each other through difficult circumstances. When Matt's family has not yet returned after many months Attean invites Matt to join his tribe, who are moving west to new hunting grounds. Although Matt is good friends with Attean and enjoys Indian culture, he has not forgotten his family. Matt has to decide whether to join the Indian tribe, or return to his cabin and wait for his family to return. Near the end of the story, Attean goes on a vision quest and becomes a brave. He visits Matt and gives him a pair of snowshoes for the winter and asks him to come with the tribe. Matt decides to wait for his family, although parting from his new friend, Attean, is difficult. The two boys trade gifts, Matt gives Attean the book of Robinson Crusoe and Attean leaves his dog behind with Matt. Sure enough, Matt's family returns in the winter snows, guided for the last few days by Ben Loomis, who makes himself absent as soon as the family are reunited."] ["Set in an impoverished town, a couple begin to lose hope and courage when faced with life's adversities - a daughter who suffers from cerebral palsy, a son who loses his scholarship, and a young boy named Magnifico or Ikoy, who is not so good in school. But Ikoy is gifted with a good heart and a large spirit that allows him to give joy to hopeless people in their community and magically transforms their lives for the better."] ["Will  is quiet and shy, and comes from a family that belongs to the strict Plymouth Brethren religious sect. Will is forbidden to watch films or television and is made to leave his classroom when the teacher puts on a documentary. In the corridor, he meets Lee Carter , the worst-behaved boy in school, thrown out of another class for bad behaviour. They accidentally break a fish bowl in the corridor; Lee volunteers to take the blame, pretending that the punishment is torture, in exchange for Will's watch, which belonged to his dead father. Moreover Lee demands that Will performs the stunts in a film Lee is making with home video equipment owned by his bullying older brother, Lawrence , which Lawrence uses in his video pirating enterprise. He intends to enter the Screen Test Young Film-Makers' Competition. Will accepts, after accidentally seeing the film First Blood at Lee's house while hiding from Lawrence. He becomes very enthusiastic, and plays several dangerous action scenes, culminating in the two boys becoming 'blood brothers' after Lee saves Will from drowning. Lee finds Will's sketch book, full of colourful and glorious ideas, and starts to incorporate some of them into his film script. The two become best friends, but Will has to keep it secret from his family and the increasingly interfering Brother Joshua of the Brethren, who clearly has designs on his mother. French exchange students arrive, of whom the suave Didier Revol  becomes very popular. After finding Will's sketch book, he asks Will if he and his acolytes can play in the film, and Will agrees. Didier reveals that he has always wanted to be an actor. This mushrooms into the whole school being part of the production, and Will being included with the cool sixth-formers. Lee does not like this, as he is no longer in control, and finally quits after a fight with Will during filming of the last sequence, which takes place at a disused power station. After Will becomes trapped when part of the unstable structure collapses due to Didier's carelessness, and the entire school/crew run away, Lee returns to rescue his friend, but uses the excuse that he has come to collect his brother's camera. He too gets hurt, and has to go to hospital. Lawrence visits him, but is angry about the fact that the camera is broken. Will's mother , from whom he has struggled to hide his activities, finally realises that her son must be allowed to be himself and her family leaves the Brethren. The film is never submitted to the competition as they miss the deadline. The French students leave, and while Didier was popular and worshiped in England, his own school-mates mock him, and he is actually lonely and isolated. When Lawrence looks at Lee's footage he is impressed, and he sees Lee's rant at Will defending Lawrence's neglect and bullying, which was accidentally filmed. With Will's help, he adds a part in which he acts himself — including a reply message for his brother. When Lee leaves hospital, as a surprise he is brought to a cinema, where his film is shown before the main feature to much enjoyment from the audience, and the two boys reunite."] ['Binta is a young African girl who serves as the narrator. She talks about her father and his \'great idea\'. Binta\'s father is a small-time, local fisherman in a peaceful village  in Senegal. His friend who recently visited Europe describes what fishing is like there. He tells him that the Europeans can catch thousands of fish with bigger boats equipped with sonar. The man, very impressed by this, encourages the father to approach the government and request a permit for a bigger boat. Binta\'s father also hears from his friend how once he attains wealth he must get a permit for a weapon so he can defend his wealth. The friend also shows off his watch which has an alarm set to ring every day at noon. "What happens at noon?" asks Binta\'s father. "Why, the alarm rings!" his friend replies. Binta\'s father is shown making his way up through the ranks of government, sharing his great idea with various officials. The film switches back and forth between the story of Binta and her father and the struggle between Binta\'s cousin, Soda, and her father, a village elder. Soda desperately wants to go to school, but her father believes African girls should not be educated; they should learn to tend the home and then get married and tend to home and family. The village school children put on a play to convince Soda\'s father to let her attend school. Here we experience the power of art and solidarity; in the end, the father is finally convinced, and Soda is allowed to get an education. Finally, when Binta\'s father meets with the provincial leader, we find out what his great idea was: He wants do his part to make the world a better place by adopting a tubab , "preferably weaned," in order to teach him/her qualities which Western industrialized society has largely lost, such as sharing, solidarity, the sustainable use of resources. This film is unusual in that it allows us a glimpse of Western culture as viewed from a third world perspective. Various themes are touched upon in this delightful film: the power of art to bring about change , sustainability and equitable division of resources, and the true meaning of progress and humanity.'] ["Based on a children's book written by Zivko Cingo in the 1970s, the movie is about the difficult transition in Macedonia after World War II. The film begins in the present as old Lem , Macedonian politician who is experiencing a heart attack and while he is being wheeled into a hospital and examined and wired, he has memory flashbacks to his childhood in 1945. He is brought to the 'orphanage' where orphans are children of the enemies of the new regime. There he learns how to adjust to the role of obedient brainwashing. He becomes mesmerized by a new kid, Isak, a beautiful and charismatic boy. The struggles quietly underplaying all of the camp surface activity are many: the dichotomy of a Communist ideology removing the Church from existence with a people dependent upon the spiritual values of religion, the Stalin/Tito issue, the adjustments to the policies of Communist regime in a country where fierce national pride had ruled, and the depersonalization of children into political pawns despite the need for role models and the luxury of growing up with friends and confidants."] ['The film revolves around a tattered relationship between Sarah , a drug addict, and her son, Jeremiah . Their life together is marked by Sarah\'s drug-taking and heavy drinking. Sarah repeatedly becomes involved with a series of men who treat her and Jeremiah poorly, and uses them as an excuse to abandon her son. She disappears to Atlantic City with her current boyfriend, Emerson , whom she then abandons; Emerson returns to their home and rapes Jeremiah. After a trip to the hospital, Jeremiah\'s grandmother takes him to a West Virginian radical Christian cult led by his grandfather . After three years with the cult, Sarah returns to reclaim a now 11-year-old Jeremiah. Sarah\'s current lover, Kenny, a truck driver, eventually abandons them at a truck stop while Sarah is soliciting herself. Sarah realizes that if she is going to keep her men, then she cannot say Jeremiah is her son. Jeremiah allows his mother to persuade him into cross dressing so he can act as her \'little sister\', and Jeremiah\'s crossdressing evolves to include his mother\'s seduction techniques. After dressing up as a \'baby doll\' version of Sarah, Jeremiah/Sarah seduces Jackson , his mother\'s latest man, who initially tries to rebuff the boy\'s advances, but then he gives in. Furious with Jackson for giving in to the boy\'s advances and with Jeremiah for ruining her panties, she takes Jeremiah and leaves. Later, they are seen in a house where the basement houses a meth lab which later blows up with Sarah\'s latest boyfriend inside. After fleeing, and while detoxing from meth, Sarah is convinced that everyone is after them, and that only certain foods are edible , she then convinces Jeremiah that if they eat anything but those foods, they will be poisoned. Which then leads Sarah and Jeremiah on a failed attempt to shoplift at a grocery store, afterwards Jeremiah finds a hamburger to eat from a dumpster. His mother, in a state of "meth psychosis" is convinced the food he ate was poison, and makes him drink ipecac in order to make him better and rid him of any \'poisons\'. Jeremiah wakes up in the hospital with his grandmother beside him. She tells him that Sarah is in the psychiatric ward. Later that night, Sarah collects Jeremiah from his hospital room, and, rather than have him go back to the cult, she clutches her son\'s hand and they both walk away in hospital gowns. The final scene is of Sarah and Jeremiah driving away.'] ["The story takes place in Sekinchan, Sabak Bernam in 1993, revolving around the first love of a 10-year-old Orked when a 12-year-old boy, Mukhsin, comes with his elder brother and aunt to spend the school holidays in her village. Around this relatively simple plotline of a blossoming young romance between the film's two young protagonists, are interweaved scenes of Malaysian village life and the dynamics of different types of families. Most of the family scenes revolve around Orked and her mother , father , and the family's close maid who is almost like a family member . The other families which are given attention in the movie are Mukhsin's family , and Orked's neighbours ."] ['The plot concerns the final stages of the Algerian War of Independence in the summer if 1962, as seen through the eyes of Ali, the 11 year-old son of an FLN moudjahid, his mother and his French and Arab friends, as they experience the massive social changes of the end of French rule. The ensemble cast consists mostly of amateur actors.'] ['The movie begins in the early summer of 1941, at the Ivanov International School in Moscow. Luo Xiaoman and Chuchu were two new students who had come to Russia after the brutal White Terror in China killed their parents . Chuchu and Luo quickly learned to fit in with the other international students and they also learned to speak Russian fluently. When summer came, several students, including Chuchu, left for the summer camp in Byelorussia accompanied by their teacher, Miss Vera. Xiaoman remained behind in Moscow. During this time the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union. Moscow was left unoccupied after the invasion, and Xiaoman was soon left to survive on his own in a land that he knew little of. For a time he was a homeless child begging and stealing on the streets, forced to sell blood so he could get money for food . He eventually found a job delivering condolence letters to families of fallen soldiers. At one apartment, he found an orphaned girl  and took her in as though she was his own daughter. Things were very different for the students at the summer camp. Captured by the invading Germans, Chuchu and her classmates were kept as slaves, and were alone and in great danger. Miss Vera was soon ruthlessly murdered in front of the students for defying the Germans by teaching her class. One of the students, Carl, who was half-German himself and liked Chuchu deeply, managed to help the other students escape by using his Aryan descent to trick a German soldier\'s trust, but he was soon injured, cornered and machinegunned to death in a forest pit. The others were quickly recaptured and sentenced to death by hanging. One girl was executed with a brutal shot to the head, but Chuchu and several other students were spared when a high-ranking German officer, General Von Dietrich arrived and sent them to work as servants at Nazi headquarters in the Yakovliv Monastery. General Von Dietrich was not only a military general, but also a doctor who took tattooing as a hobby — he enjoyed tattooing the bodies of young girls and showing them to his guests at parties. He decided to use Chuchu for his greatest "masterpiece". This was what saved her life because when the General learned that the Third Reich was doomed, instead of having Chuchu executed with the rest of the prisoners, he had her dumped in a field so that his "masterpiece" would live on. The large tattoo  on her back become a shame to her for the rest of her life. Luo Xiaoman tried to enlist in the expeditionary Soviet Red Army, but was rejected due to his young age. Out of his deep, vengeful hatred towards the Nazi invaders, he decided to "punish" the German POWs  by sniping them with a home-made slingshot. When the German POWs rioted, Xiaoman lured them into an empty, ruined apartment building and set the oil tanks on fire. He himself was killed in the explosion together with the German rioters. At the end of the movie Chuchu was reunited with the orphan girl Luo Xiaoman adopted, and after hearing the same speech Xiaoman gave for his Russian class, Chuchu understood, embraced the young girl and broke down. At the end of the movie Chuchu was seen taking a shower, and the tattoo on her back could be seen along with the scar caused by her attempt to burn off the tattoo with a firewood. Later credits appear telling that a skin graft operation to remove the tattoo was not successful, and about the real Chuchu and what she did with her life. The movie then ends.'] ['In 1995, Lyla Novacek  is a cellist in an orchestra under strict rule of her father ([[William Sadler . Louis Connelly  is the lead singer of "The Connelly Brothers", an Irish rock band. Lyla and Louis have a chance meeting during a party after their respective concerts, and sleep together on a rooftop under a full moon, while a man with a harmonica and guitar plays an instrumental version of "Moondance" on the street below. After a rude awakening by Louis\'s bandmates, Lyla returns to her angered father in the morning and heads back to Chicago. Louis waits for Lyla as they had agreed, before eventually heading to the hotel Lyla was staying at, but Lyla doesn\'t acknowledge him. He turns to his music in the hopes she\'ll hear it and reconnect with him, but becomes discouraged. Meanwhile, Lyla eventually realizes she is pregnant. After an argument with her father regarding the baby and her career as a cellist, Lyla runs out into the street and is struck by a car. Due to the accident trauma, she gives birth prematurely, and her father secretly puts her son up for adoption, forging her signature on the paperwork and allowing her to believe that the baby died as a result of the accident. Eleven years later, young Evan Taylor  is living in a boys\' orphanage outside New York City. Evan has the savant-like ability to hear music wherever he is. He is convinced that his parents will find him, which makes him the target of ridicule among the older kids at the orphanage. He meets Richard Jefferies , a social worker who gives Evan his card. Soon after, Evan runs away to New York City, "following the music" in the hope it will lead him to his family. In the process, he loses Jeffries\' card, and wanders the city until finding Arthur  performing in Washington Square Park. Louis now lives in San Francisco, having left his band on the same night as Lyla\'s accident. He has a chance meeting with one of his former bandmates, and is invited to his birthday party. Louis is hesitant because he has not spoken to his brother Marshall  since the band broke up, but he ultimately chooses to go. At the party, his brother is playing clips of the band performing. Louis confronts his brother and the words come to blows, and Louis\'s girlfriend , leaves him. Lyla now lives in Chicago with a violinist roommate, and also gave up performing, but teaches music to children privately. Her friend and roommate encourages her to rejoin the New York Philharmonic, but Lyla is unconvinced. She is called to her father\'s deathbed, and he admits to her that her child survived the accident and is alive somewhere in New York. Upon hearing this, Lyla abandons her father to his fate and decides to return to New York. Evan has since followed Arthur back to his home in a condemned theater, and has been taken in by Maxwell "Wizard" Wallace , a vagrant musician who teaches homeless children music and employs them as street performers. He was the one playing the guitar and harmonica during Louis and Lyla\'s night on the rooftop. Evan tries playing Wizard\'s prize guitar "Roxanne", and while his initial approach is unconventional, he is so good that Wizard gives him his old spot in Washington Square Park, and Roxanne, both of which had until then been Arthur\'s. Wizard also gives Evan the stage name "August Rush" and begins trying to market him to clubs and event promoters. Seeing the posters that Jeffries has posted for the runaway Evan, Wizard destroys all the ones he finds, hoping to keep Evan and his gift for his own gain. Arthur comes to resent being replaced by August as Wizard\'s favorite. Louis decides to reconnect with Lyla, and after learning her full name and whereabouts, flies out to Chicago to find her. He waits for several hours at the door to her apartment. When he asks one of the occupants of her apartment where Lyla is, the woman mixes up Lyla and her roommate, and says she\'s on her honeymoon in New York. Louis, crushed, ends up in New York and decides get his old band back together. After a meeting on the street between Jeffries, Wizard and Arthur, the derelict theatre Wizard and his "children" are living in is raided by the police. Wizard distracts them and allows August to escape, with a warning not to tell anyone his real name. After evading the police, Evan takes refuge in an inner-city church where Hope, a young girl at the church  introduces him to the piano, and to written notes. He picks up this skill so quickly that Hope, seeing her room covered in August\'s handwritten music and hearing him play the church\'s pipe organ, gets the attention of the parish pastor , who enrolls August at the Juilliard School. August\'s nonconformist approach to the curriculum nevertheless impresses the Juilliard staff, and a rhapsody begins to take shape from his notes and homework assignments. Once in New York, Lyla goes to Jeffries\' office for information and, after initially being turned away by the desk clerk, eventually meets with Jeffries, who is able to identify Evan as her son. She decides to stay in New York to search for him, renting a studio apartment in the city. She also decides to take up the cello again, and accepts the offer she\'d been given to perform with the Philharmonic at a series of concerts in Central Park. August\'s gift is considered astounding among all at Juilliard, and he is selected to perform the rhapsody he\'s been composing at the same park concert as Lyla, the youngest student ever selected for this honor. Wizard intrudes during a rehearsal and, claiming to be his father and under threat of revealing August\'s real name, pulls August out of the school, putting him back in Washington Square playing Roxanne and planning to send him all over the country. On the day of the outdoor symphony concert, and also of Louis\'s first performance after rejoining his old band, August is still forbidden by Wizard to attend his own concert. August meets Louis, who is wandering through the park with his own guitar, and they play together, neither of them knowing their blood relationship to the other. August tells him of his dilemma and Louis tells him not to give up on his music, and that if he had a concert, he wouldn\'t miss it for the world. In a subway station that night, August decides to leave Wizard and go to his concert anyway, with some help from Arthur who also rebels against Wizard. August flees through the subway tunnel and towards the park where the concert is underway, following the sounds of Lyla\'s cello concerto performance. Wizard is last seen playing his harmonica alone in the subway. Louis is heading towards the airport when he notices Lyla\'s name on a banner for the concert. He jumps out of the van and heads towards the park. Meanwhile, Jeffries notices a misplaced flyer for August Rush, sent to Jeffries\' office after August had been removed from Juilliard, identifies August as Evan, and heads for the concert as well. August arrives just in time to conduct his rhapsody, with Hope on stage singing and Arthur in the crowd watching August\'s performance. Lyla, having finished her part of the concert, begins walking away from the park, but is attracted back towards August\'s performance. Louis also arrives at the park and spots Lyla, reuniting with her at the front of the crowd. Jeffries arrives backstage during the performance and looks on as well. August finishes his rhapsody and, turning around, smiles at Lyla and Louis, realizing that they are his parents. The film concludes with August saying "The music is all around us, all you have to do is listen." [2007 movie]'] ["The film centers around a six-year-old girl named Savannah , whose father is running for the United States Senate. Because Savannah's parents pay no attention to her, she decides to run away, leaving a note before she flees. Unfortunately, her father, fearing the note may hurt his chances of winning the election, burns it without even reading it. When her aunt picks her up and they go to the park, Savannah switches cars and ends up with two escaped  convicts . The convicts take her in and soon discover that her father has posted a reward of $100,000 for her safe return. Unexpectedly, they grow close to her, and Savannah finds the love and attention she always wanted. The convicts arrange to return her, with the help of the family priest , but she becomes lost in the mountains. The convicts refuse the opportunity to escape in order to search for her and bring her back safely, ultimately surrendering to the priest and the police."] ['An twelve-year-old boy James ([[Trevor Morgan  lives with his father Nathan  and stepmother Mary . He lost his mother in a car accident two years earlier. The memories of the accident still haunt him and make him freeze with panic. He has not been able to talk about his feelings about the accident and the death of his mother because his father is always away from home and he does not want to talk to his stepmother. One day playing an imaginary game behind the house of Maddy Bennet , he breaks her fence. Maddy demands that he fix it. Soon the two become good friends. Maddy also lost her son Bobby in 1974 in the Vietnam War. She tells her experiences of losing her son to James. She forces James to talk about his mother and face his fears. She tells him that her son Bobby talks to her. James\'s parents do not like the stories Maddy tells James and forbid him from seeing her. James becomes distraught at the "loss" of his friend. Meanwhile, Maddy has a heart attack, and James\'s parents permit him to nurse her back to health. Soon after her recovery, though, she dies. James becomes reconciled with his father, who now talks to him more, and with his stepmother.'] ['Set in early 20th century Indiana , So Dear to My Heart tells the tale of Jeremiah Kincaid  and his quest to raise his "champion" lamb, Danny . Jeremiah\'s dream of showing Danny at the Pike County Fair must overcome the obstinate objections of his loving, yet strict, grandmother Granny . Jeremiah\'s confidant, Uncle Hiram , is the boy\'s steady ally.'] ['The movie opens with scenes of a racially mixed neighborhood and their various activities, like hand rhymes, double Dutch, tag, street races, and even the neighborhood children watching the teenagers of their block make out in the alleyways of their block. Nine-year-old Troy  and her older brothers Clinton , Wendell , Nate , and her younger brother, Joseph  are introduced as their father Woody  is blowing a horn to call them in from playing to eat dinner. Their mother, Carolyn  is introduced as well. Dinner takes place during which we find out that the Carmichaels\' next-door neighbor, "Tony Eyes"  seems to be somewhat of a nuisance to the family, which includes continuously singing while they are eating dinner. That night, Carolyn comes home and comedically wakes all of the children up out of their sleep because the kitchen was not cleaned. There\'s some argument naturally on the part of the children to which Clinton says, "I\'d rather have a father than a mother any day". The next day, the neighborhood junkies are introduced: Snuffy  and Right Hand Man , who are glue sniffers. Tommy La La , Clinton, Nate and a couple of their neighborhood friends are sitting on the Carmichael stoop while listening to the radio and playing a baseball board game. Tommy La La takes a bottle and throws it at the door of Tony Eyes while yelling homophobic slurs. This starts an argument because Clinton says the Carmichael children always get blamed for the mess on his property. The argument ends as Vic Powell , a war vet, comes home and greets everyone. Vic is renting the upstairs apartment from the Carmichaels. Carolyn comes out to see what is wrong, and Tony Eyes tells her that Wendell and her kids are always throwing trash into his area. Carolyn responds by telling him that he and his home are nasty. The arguments continue as the neighborhood kids jump in. Tony Eyes is still yelling and arguing when Vic comes downstairs and tells him to shut up. In anger, he punches Tony in the face and goes back into the house. Troy sneaks out and goes to the corner store to get candy. While in the store, she is intrigued by a woman  and one of the store owners dancing erotically in the store. As Troy leaves the store to walk back home, she sees Vic getting arrested for punching Tony Eyes. One night, Woody and Carolyn are downstairs arguing because Woody\'s music is not providing for the family and Carolyn, a schoolteacher is the sole provider. They are also arguing because Woody caused the family to have bounced checks. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells upstairs for the children to turn off the TV because it is a school night. She charges upstairs with Woody following and turns off the TV. A defiant Clinton argues with Carolyn and turns on the TV. Carolyn grabs him up for disobeying and disrespecting her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Everyone is in on the fight as Woody is dragging Carolyn down the stairs and Nate is jumping on Woody\'s back. The other children have a hold of Carolyn pulling her in the opposite direction and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle. Woody yells and everyone gets quiet as he expresses his need to respect for his work in the house. Carolyn kicks him out of the house. Woody comes over the next morning and brings flowers for Troy to give to Carolyn. Troy brings the flowers to Carolyn, and soon she and Woody get back together. They all decide to go on a trip to get out of the neighborhood but as they are leaving a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity because the bill is unpaid. The trip is postponed and because of the situation, the family has to use candles for light. A few days later, the family leaves Brooklyn to take Nate and Troy down South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin Viola , who was adopted by Uncle Clem  and Aunt Song . Troy doesn\'t want to stay, but she does it to appease her mother. Troy eventually starts having fun with Viola despite a dislike of Aunt Song and her beloved dog, Queenie. On Troy\'s 10th birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn  telling her about the happenings in the neighborhood since the weeks she\'s been away. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home. Meanwhile, Aunt Song has been looking for her lost dog, Queenie all day. At Troy\'s birthday sleep-over the small dead dog is located when she pops out having been accidentally closed into the fold-out couch which deeply upsets Aunt Song. When Troy returns to Brooklyn picked up from the airport by her Aunt Maxine  and Uncle Brown  she is eventually told her mother is in the hospital and is taken to see her. Later, Woody takes Troy home and Troy decides to clean & mop the kitchen without being told. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that Carolyn is sicker than originally thought and must stay in the hospital for more tests. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. In the next scene, Troy walks through a public park with her brothers while singing a children\'s gospel song she learned at her cousin\'s down South. One of her brothers wonder\'s aloud if they might have to dress up for their mother\'s funeral revealing either Carolyn has died or is near death. The day of the funeral Troy is approached by her Aunt Maxine  and tries to coax her into trying the new clothes she\'s brought. Troy lashes out angrily that her mother would never let her wear polyester. Troy announces she is not going to the funeral when Woody calls her down. Woody explains that they\'re all in pain but Carolyn would want them all together at church. At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn when Clinton  approaches her and silently takes her hand to comfort her, showing a small sign of kindness. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man are making fun of him because their mother was dead and they robbed him. Following her mother\'s wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy in the head drawing blood. Much like her mother Troy tells him to go sniff glue on his own block. Early the next morning, Troy is restless as she dreams she\'s hearing her mother\'s voice shouting. She goes downstairs saying she doesn\'t like it when her parents fight, but instead sees it\'s her father making a racket trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Troy not fully awake says "Mommy?" Woody tells her Mommy\'s gone and that its all right to cry. Troy runs to the bathroom to throw-up and Woody consoles her. Woody says that they\'ve all been wondering when she was going to break, meaning to finally show her grief. He says that even Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that its good that her mother isn\'t still in a lot of pain. This scene is scored with the song "Ain\'t No Sunshine When She\'s Gone." There are scenes of the neighborhood continuing to play much like the beginning of the movie. Troy is sitting in Carolyn\'s old barber\'s chair with Joseph sitting in her lap while she combs his hair the way Carolyn did. Then, Carolyn is seen sitting on the stoop narrating a letter that Troy imagines is meant for her, encouraging her from beyond on how she can\'t believe that she\'s 10 now and how she\'s proud of the way she\'s growing up. Troy is coping with her mother\'s absence by imagining that her mother is only away and can still write to her the way she did when Troy was down South. Her fantasy is interrupted when the neighborhood kids come to the window for Joseph. Troy tells him not to go far because dinner is almost ready. Troy surveys the neighborhood as Carolyn used to from the stoop. The end credits play over old footage of episodes of "Soul Train" with its original closing music. The score then changes to a contemporary rap song written for the film by The Crooklyn Dodgers featuring Special Ed, Buckshot and Masta Ace. The dancers of the original "Soul Train" series seem to keep time with and dance to the contemporary rap music.'] ["Tideland centers on an abandoned child, Jeliza-Rose , and her solitary adventures during one summer in rural Texas while staying at a rundown farmhouse called What Rocks, and focuses on the increasingly dark, imaginative fantasy life the girl creates with the aid of dismembered Barbie doll heads that she often wears on her fingertips. With names such as Mustique, Sateen Lips, Baby Blonde and Glitter Gal, the doll heads not only engage in long conversations with Jeliza-Rose, reflecting different aspects of the girl's psyche, but also act as her companions while she explores the barren Texas landscape. After her mother  overdoses on drugs, Jeliza-Rose and her father, Noah , flee Los Angeles to Noah's mother's home, a remote Texas farmhouse. Noah fears that with all the drugs in their house he will lose Jeliza-Rose and be sent to prison, so he attempts to set it alight before they leave, although Jeliza-Rose manages to stop him. They find the farmhouse abandoned, but they settle in anyway. Their first night there, Noah dies from a heroin overdose. For much of the rest of the film, Noah's corpse remains seated upright in a living room chair with sunglasses covering his eyes. As her father slowly begins to decompose, Jeliza-Rose doesn't readily acknowledge his death because she has grown accustomed to him being unconscious for long periods at a time. Instead, she retreats deeper and deeper into her own mind, exploring the tall grass around the farmhouse, relying on her doll heads for friendship as an unconscious way of keeping herself from feeling too lonely and afraid. During Jeliza-Rose's wanderings, she eventually encounters and befriends her neighbors, a mentally impaired young man called Dickens  and his older sister Dell  who is blind in one eye from a bee sting. At this point the story begins to unfold, revealing a past connection between Dell and Jeliza-Rose's deceased father. The eccentric neighbors take the girl under their wing, going so far as to preserve Noah's body via taxidermy . Amorous feelings, initiated mostly by the much younger Jeliza-Rose, begin to creep into the childlike relationship between her and Dickens, and it is revealed that the deeply troubled Dickens, a man-child who once drove a school bus in front of an oncoming train, keeps a stash of dynamite in his bedroom that he intends to use against the Land-Shark he believes is roaming the countryside. The Land-Shark is, in reality, the nightly passenger train that travels past the farmhouse where Jeliza-Rose and her dead father reside. What follows is literally an explosive conclusion to the film, one in which Dickens blasts a hole into the real world by dynamiting the train from its tracks, creating a scene of chaos near the farmhouse. Wandering about the wreckage, and among the confusion of injured travelers, Jeliza-Rose is discovered by a woman who survived, and she assumes the little girl is also a victim of the train wreck. The woman offers her a clementine while Dell frantically searches the wreck for signs of her brother Dickens."] ['When Chris Carlyle  moves with his parents from the farm to the city, he secretly takes with him his woodland friend, a full-grown mountain lion. The problems surface when the mountain lion strolls around his new neighborhood, his friendliness mistaken for predatory habits. The neighbors get into an uproar and Chris is forced to allow his friend to be relocated to the city zoo. When Chris visits the zoo to see his feline friend, he is horrified to discover that not only the mountain lion, but all the animals are confined in cramped cages, unhappy and unhealthy. Stirred by the plight of the animals, Chris "borrows" the keys from the zoo-keeper and sets every animal in the zoo free. Taking advantage of their newfound freedom, the animals wander happily about the city, providing a series of amusing situations and panicked townspeople.'] ["Wang is The King of Masks, an aged street performer who practices the change-mask opera art of bian lian. He laments that he has no male heirs to carry on his mysterious and complicated art and trade. At an illegal child market, Wang buys what he believes to be an orphan boy to become his adopted grandson and apprentice. However, Wang soon learns his new disciple is in fact a girl. As tradition dictates that he cannot pass his art onto a girl, he tries to abandon her, but she stubbornly stays with him. While looking at his masks, she accidentally sets his humble residence on fire. Out of guilt, she runs away. When Wang is falsely accused of kidnapping a rich family's child, he is thrown in jail. His former disciple goes to one of his friends, a famous performer in the local opera, threatening to kill herself if he or any of his guests, including a local military leader, are unable to help Wang. The King of Masks is eventually freed, and he finally accepts the girl as his granddaughter and teaches her his art."] ["Antoine Doinel  is a 12-year old boy growing up in Paris during the early 1950s. Misunderstood at home by his parents and tormented in school by his insensitive teacher , Antoine frequently runs away from both places. The boy finally quits school after being accused of plagiarism by his teacher. He steals a typewriter from his father's  work place to finance his plans to leave home. The father angrily turns Antoine over to the police, who lock the boy up with hardened criminals. Antoine spends the night in jail, sharing a cell with prostitutes and thieves. During an interview with the judge, Antoine’s mother confesses that Antoine’s father is not his biological father. Antoine is placed in an observation center for troubled youths near the shore . A psychiatrist at the center probes Antoine's unhappiness, which he reveals in a fragmented series of monologues. One day, while playing football with the other boys, Antoine escapes under a fence and runs away to the ocean, a place he has wanted to visit his entire life. He reaches the shoreline of the sea and runs into it. The film concludes with a freeze-frame of Antoine, and then the camera zooms in on his face, looking into the camera."] ['{{plot}} In 1962 in the Texas countryside, 14-year old Walter Caldwell  is left by his irresponsible, deceitful mother, Mae , to live for the summer with his reclusive, 73 year old bachelor great-uncles, Hub  and Garth  McCann, fraternal twins who are said to have a secret fortune. Walter is given a room in the attic where he finds a photograph of a beautiful woman, whom he later learns is Jasmine , the one true love of Hub\'s life. Soon after, husband-and-wife relatives Ralph and Helen arrive with their children, hoping to worm their way into the uncles\' good graces for a chance at their treasure. Believing that Walter is also there for the money, Ralph and Helen use the threat of foster care to force the boy to run away. Walter makes his way to a filling station, and uses a phone booth to call the court reporting school which his mother told him she was attending only to learn she wasn\'t there and had lied again. Finding Walter at the station, Hub is just as happy to see him on his way, but empathetic Garth encourages him to stay, suggesting that his presence might keep the greedy relatives at bay. Hub, beginning to sense what his brother is up to, agrees. Having no other recourse, Walter returns to his uncles\' home. Walter begins to settle into the household, contending with his uncles\' odd habits, such as Hub\'s sleepwalking at night in which he fights old battles, as well as their daily routine of shooting at traveling salesmen for fun. Curious, Walter suggests that Hub and Garth should at least hear one salesman\'s pitch and end up buying clay pigeon launcher. This infuriates the relatives causing them to leave. To drive off boredom they order a lion from a circus animal dealer with the intent of killing it for sport. They are disappointed upon opening the crate to discover an aging, tame lioness. Walter adopts the lion, naming her Jasmine, which brings back painful memories to Hub. Later, Hub passes out loading fifty pound bags of Purina Lion Chow, landing him in the hospital. He soon recovers with a desire for Bar-Be-Que and the three lunch at a road side store. Three Greasers enter annoying Hub who teaches them a lesson in fighting. In their absence, Ralph and Helen\'s children accidentally release the lioness from her crate just as Hub and Garth return along with four hoods. Walter goes in search of Jasmine, and finds her in the cornfield, which then becomes her new "jungle" home. When Walter notices Hub lecturing the four toughs, Garth explains it\'s Hub\'s "What Every Boy Needs to Know About Being a Man" speech. Throughout the film, Garth tells Walter stories about his and Hub\'s mysterious past. On the eve of World War I, a young Hub and Garth arrived in France just as Germany invaded the country. They soon found themselves shanghaied and conscripted into the French Foreign Legion, which led them to fight in many battles. After the war, Garth became a guide in Africa, while Hub travelled the world. During his journeys, Hub met and fell in love with Jasmine, a princess promised to wed a powerful Sheik. When Hub rescued her, the Sheik put a price of ten thousand gold pieces on Hub\'s head. This kept the young lovers in constant peril from assassins and bounty hunters. Finally, Hub arranged for Garth, in the guise of a bounty hunter, to get him close to the Sheik, while Garth took possession of the Sheik\'s reward. Hub then fought and won a duel against the Sheik but spared his life. He warned the Sheik that if this vendetta didn\'t stop, Hub would kill him. This ends the Sheik\'s manhunt. When Walter asks to hear more, Garth tells him that he must find out the rest from Hub. Later, Walter awakens his uncle from another late night bout of sleepwalking to ask about Jasmine\'s fate. Hub reveals that Jasmine and their unborn child died in childbirth. Bereft of his one true love, Hub returned to the Legion to escape his grief, until he retired with Garth to their Texas farm. Walter then realizes that all the stories Garth has been telling him might actually be true, but he asks Hub to confirm it, since his mother tells him nothing but lies. Hub responds with a piece of his "What Every Boy Needs to Know..." speech, that the actual truth is not as important as the belief in ideals like good winning over evil, honor, and true love. Seeing how much Hub misses his Jasmine, Walter asks Hub to promise that he will be around to give Walter the rest of the speech when he\'s old enough, to which Hub grudgingly agrees. As a result, Walter and his uncles form an even closer bond. Late one evening, Walter awakens to see Garth walking out to the barn and secretly follows him, trailing him to a room underneath the barn, which is filled with money. On another late night, Walter\'s mother and her current suitor, a supposed "private investigator" named Stan arrive at the farm. While Hub and Garth are still asleep, Stan and Mae demand that Walter reveal the location of the fortune, claiming that Hub and Garth were actually bank robbers, that Jasmine was their accomplice, and the money is theirs for the taking. To Mae\'s surprise and dismay, Walter chooses to believe in his uncles instead of her. Angered, Stan drags Walter to the barn and becomes threatening and physically abusive. Walter then tells Stan to defend himself before kicking him between the legs. Walter runs toward the house, past the cornfield, where Stan intercepts Walter and begins hitting him while Walter is on his back. Sensing Walter in danger, Jasmine the lioness emerges from the cornfield to attack Stan, leaving him badly mauled. Awakened by the ruckus, Hub and Garth find that the old lioness has died of heart failure in the attack. Hub and Garth tell Walter that the lioness was "protecting her cub," and Walter proudly observes that Jasmine was "a real lion... at the end". The next day, Walter leaves with his mother, who tells the uncles she is going to drop a heavily-bandaged Stan off in Las Vegas. However, once on the road, Mae tells Walter that Stan will be staying with them to recuperate. This prompts Walter to finally confront her, asking his mother to finally "do something that\'s best for me for once." Soon, Hub and Garth are greatly pleased to see Walter\'s return. However, the boy insists that there have to be changes, that his uncles will have to be involved in things like Little League and PTA meetings, and to stop doing dangerous stunts, as he wants them to die of old age. Seventeen years later, an adult Walter , has become the cartoonist of the comic strip "Walter and Jasmine," based on his experiences with his uncles, now both 90 years of age. He is alerted by the sheriff of his uncles\' deaths from a failed flying stunt with their biplane. Their will declares "The kid gets it all. Just plant us in the damn garden, next to the stupid lion." A helicopter bearing the logo "Sahara Petroleum" then touches down near the homestead, and a man  steps out with his young son. Approaching Walter, he explains that, while visiting nearby for a business trip, he heard about Hub and Garth\'s deaths on the news and recognized the names as the two Americans in tales told to him as a young boy by his grandfather, "a very wealthy sheik. He called them my honored adverseries. The only men who ever outsmarted me." When the man\'s young son asks Walter if his uncles were indeed real, that they really lived, Walter confirms, "Yeah. They really lived."'] ["The film is about a nine-year-old boy's  obsession with women's breasts. Tete becomes jealous of his baby brother who is breast fed by their mother. Tete goes on a personal mission to find the perfect pair of lactating breasts to feed on. A beautiful Portuguese dancer  arrives in town, the answer to Tete's prayers. Unfortunately for Tete, Estrellita is the attention of many men's affections including her husband Maurice , an older man working as the other half of her travelling act, and attractive Flamenco-singing teenager, Miguel . With this amount of competition will Tete fulfil his wish?"] [' After the death of his wife Irena , Oliver Reed  has married former co-worker Alice Moore , and they now have a six-year-old introverted daughter, Amy . Amy has trouble at school because she spends too much time daydreaming, no matter how much Oliver tries to encourage her to make friends and cope with reality. After Amy finds a photo of the deceased Irena, whose name is never mentioned in the house, Irena appears to her and the two strike up a friendship. At the same time, Amy befriends Julia Farren, an aging actress who is alienated from her own daughter Barbara ([[Elizabeth Russell , whom she suspects to be a "spy" only pretending to be her relative. Oliver, angry at Amy for repeatedly speaking of her new imaginary friend, punishes her. When Irena announces to Amy that she must leave her, Amy runs out of the house. A snow storm comes up, and Amy seeks shelter in the Farrens\' house. Barbara, mad and jealous at her mother\'s preference for Amy over her, intends to strangle the girl. At this moment, Amy sees Irena\'s features in Barbara and embraces her. Barbara, perplexed by this gesture of affection, spares her life. Oliver arrives at the house and takes Amy home, promising to accept her fantasies.'] ["Rosa Lynn an elderly woman, sends her daughter Loretta and her children to live with her brother-in-law in Mississippi. Loretta is an addict and does not want to go especially since uncle Earl lives in the dry and rural part of Mississippi. Uncle Earl has his hands already full with a business he is pressured with and a wife who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Yet he has Loretta help him in his restaurant and the family begins to find strength in their roots, and start to rebuild their lives."] ['The film begins by introducing Kellyanne Williamson, playing with imaginary friends Pobby and Dingan. The family of Rex Williamson—his wife Anne, daughter Kellyanne and son Ashmol—have moved to Coober Pedy, known as the "opal capital of Australia", because Rex believed he could make a fortune in mining opal. So far he\'s had little success. Ashmol, while he loves his sister, is frequently annoyed when she talks to her imaginary friends, and some of the kids at school tease the siblings because of them. Rex and Annie decide it is time to wean Kellyanne from her invisible companions. Annie takes Kellyanne to a Christmas party at Annie\'s friend\'s house, Rex telling her that he will let Pobby and Dingan come with him to go opal mining. Upon Rex\'s return, Kellyanne says she can no longer see them and that they have disappeared. She insists on going to the opal mining area to look for them, accompanied by Rex and Ashmol. The family accidentally strays on to a neighbouring miner\'s patch. The miner, Sid, pulls a shotgun on Rex and calls the police, thinking that Rex was "ratting" on his territory - that is, looking for opals on his turf. Kellyanne is grief-stricken at the loss of her imaginary friends and takes ill, although doctors can find nothing physically wrong with her. Rex has to leave his opal claim. Annie loses her job at the local supermarket, thanks to the circulating rumours around Rex\'s arrest. Convinced that Kellyanne is faking her illness, Ashmol nonetheless goes along with her wish that he try to find Pobby and Dingan. He even comes up with the idea of putting posters around town. Ultimately, returning to Rex\'s mine area, Ashmol finds two lollipop wrappers. Deeper in the tunnel, he finds a large opal which he takes back to Kellyanne. He tells her he has found Pobby and Dingan, and that they are dead. Kellyanne, whose sickness has been worsening, has to go to hospital. Ashmol sells his opal and pays for a funeral for Pobby and Dingan. He has made friends with a lawyer, who takes Rex\'s case. Rex wins the trial. Many people in town begin to feel that their attitude toward Kellyanne and her family may have contributed to her sickness. These people show up at Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral. Kellyanne, though still sick, is there, and throws lollipops into her imaginary friends\' graves. A short time later, Kellyanne herself dies, and is buried between her imaginary friends. Ashmol visits her grave. Rex gets his claim back, and Ashmol is allowed to accompany him on mining trips.  In the original release of the film, the death of Kellyanne was not shown; after Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral, the screen fades to white, and the film ends. This cut was made against the wishes of the director and crew,{{cite web}} but did air uncut and as originally intended when shown on BBC Two in 2008.'] [' A village boy, Gikor by name, meets his tragic fate when he is sent to the city (Tiflis by his father, Hambo  to work for a rich trader, Bazaz Artem .'] ["Two sisters, 11-year-old Amanda  and 16-year-old Laurel , run away from several foster homes, sleeping wherever they can, including in model homes. But when Lo becomes pregnant, the two find that they can't make it through this crisis on their own. With nowhere else to turn, they decided to kidnap Elaine, a clerk at a baby supply store. But it seems that Elaine just may need Manny and Lo as much as they need her."] ['Mao Xiaobing ([[Xia Yu , a water bottle delivery boy in Beijing, is also in love with the movies. One day, however, while riding his bike, he is attacked by Ling-Ling , a disturbed young woman, that lands him in the hospital. Ling-Ling is promptly arrested, but refuses to say why she attacked Mao Xiaobing, asking him only to feed her fish. Upon entering her apartment, however, Mao Xiaobing finds that Ling-Ling has created a veritable shrine to the 1930s film star, Zhou Xuan. When he stumbles upon her diary and begins reading, the film flashes back to Ling-Ling\'s mother as a young woman in Ningxia. Her mother had been working in radio when she became pregnant and subsequently abandoned by her lover. Branded a counter-revolutionary, she travels to the countryside where she befriends Pan, a movie-projectionist where the two eventually marry. Ling-Ling meanwhile, thinks that her real father is a movie star of Zhou Xuan\'s era. Mao Xiaobing had been hit by his father, and so Ling-Ling\'s mother took care of him for some days. When Ling-Ling\'s mother and Pan marry, Mao Xiaobing had been sent away to live with relatives by his father because Mao had been a troublemaker. Ling-Ling later recalls the time they were apart as miserable, saying also that the arrival of her younger brother was "disgusting." Despite that, it is later revealed that Ling-Ling learns to accept her younger brother, but the acceptance is short lived. Mao Xiaobing later realizes that she has been watching over her parents, and after tracking down the old couple, he asks why Ling-Ling is now deaf. Recalling the events, Pan explains that Bing-Bing  had lied to their mother to get Ling-Ling out of the house. Both of them then went up to the rooftop where she and Mao Xiaobing would watch the movies through his binoculars. After saying she would leave, Bing-Bing begs her not to leave, but then falls to the ground. Pan then hits Ling-Ling for her brother\'s death, leaving her deaf in both ears. The event severely traumatizes Ling-Ling, and she runs away not too long after. Living alone for so long in the city, she looks around and finds both her parents have moved to the same place, not too far from where she lives now. She finds a puppy and decides to name it after Bing Bing, but she leaves the puppy with her parents to help ease their loneliness. When Mao Xiaobing had accidentally knocked over a pile of bricks, consequently killing the puppy, it triggered Ling-Ling\'s memories of losing her brother; hence she attacked Mao Xiaobing. Finding out where the mental institution is, Mao Xiaobing pays Ling-Ling a visit. He reveals his identity by giving back her film strip, and she is reunited with her parents watching an old movie on the same screen she grew up watching.'] ['When eleven and a half year old Trevor McKinney  begins seventh grade in Las Vegas, Nevada, his social studies teacher Eugene Simonet gives the class an assignment to devise and put into action a plan that will change the world for the better. Trevor\'s plan is a charitable program based on the networking of good deeds. He calls his plan "Pay it forward", which means the recipient of a favor does a favor for a third party rather than paying the favor back. Trevor does a favor for three people, asking each of them to "pay the favor forward" by doing favors for three other people, and so on, along a branching tree of good deeds. His first good deed is to let a homeless man named Jerry  live in his garage, and Jerry pays the favor forward by doing car repairs for Trevor\'s mother. Trevor\'s efforts appear to fail when Jerry relapses into drug addiction, but Jerry will pay his debt forward later in the film by talking to a suicidal woman, who is about to jump off the bridge. Meanwhile, Trevor\'s mother Arlene  confronts Eugene about Trevor\'s project after discovering Jerry in their house. Then Trevor selects Eugene as his next "pay it forward" target and tricks Eugene and Arlene into a romantic dinner date. This also appears to fail until Trevor and Arlene argue about her alcoholism and she slaps him in a fit of anger. The two adults are brought together again when Trevor runs away from home and Arlene asks Eugene to help her find him. After finding Trevor, Arlene begins to pursue Eugene sexually. Eugene has burn marks visible on his neck and face, and he initially resists Arlene\'s overtures. When they finally sleep together, he is seen to have extensive scarring over his torso. Arlene accepts Eugene\'s physical disfigurement, but abandons their relationship when her alcoholic ex-husband Ricky  returns to her, claiming to have given up drinking. Ricky\'s return angers Eugene, whose own mother had a habit of taking his abusive, alcoholic father back. He explains that his father intentionally burned him, and he warns Arlene of Ricky\'s potential to abuse Trevor. When Ricky resumes his abusive behavior, Arlene realizes her mistake and asks him to leave again. Trevor\'s school assignment marks the beginning of the story\'s chronology, but the opening scene in the film shows one of the later favors in the "pay it forward" tree, in which a man gives a car to Los Angeles journalist Chris Chandler . As the film proceeds, Chandler traces the chain of favors back to its origin in Tre\'s school project. After her date with Eugene, Arlene paid Jerry\'s favor forward by forgiving her own mother Grace  for her mistakes in raising Arlene, and Grace, who is homeless, helped a gang member escape from the police. The gang member then saved a girl\'s life, and the girl\'s father gave Chandler his new car. Chandler finally identifies Trevor as the originator of "pay it forward" and conducts a recorded interview in which Trevor describes his hopes and concerns for the project. Eugene, hearing Trevor\'s words, realizes that he and Arlene should be together. As Eugene and Arlene reconcile with a passionate embrace, Trevor notices his friend Adam being bullied by tall gangster like kids. He rushes into the scene and fights them while Eugene and Arlene rush to stop him. However, another bully enters the scene and takes a pocket-knife out of his pocket. Trevor is then accidentaly pushed into the knife and is stabbed. Trevor consequently dies at the hospital. This news is reported on television; Arlene and Eugene are soon visited by hundreds of people who have participated in the "pay it forward" movement, gathering in a vigil to pay Trevor their respects.'] ['Hearts in Atlantis tells the story of Robert "Bobby" Garfield ([[David Morse , a middle-aged man recollecting his past, in particular the summer when he was eleven years old . During that summer, he and his two friends, Carol Gerber  and John "Sully" Sullivan , experienced many things together, the most mysterious of which was meeting an elderly drifter named Ted Brautigan . Bobby lives with his single mother, the self-centered Liz Garfield , who takes in Brautigan as a boarder. Ted takes the lonely Bobby under his wing, while his mother is busy with her job - including entertaining her boss as a way of paying off debt supposedly left by Bobby\'s late father. The two form a father-son bond, and it slowly becomes clear that Ted has some psychic and telekinetic powers that rub off on the young boy. These same powers are the reason that Brautigan has come to this sleepy town; he has escaped the grasp of the "Low Men", strange people who would stop at nothing to get their hands on Ted. Ted offers Bobby a job—his eyes aren\'t as good as they used to be, so he asks the boy to read a newspaper for him, and to earn a dollar a week, so Bobby could buy a bicycle he wants. Bobby doesn\'t believe that this is the real job, and he is right. Ted asks Bobby to keep an eye on the neighborhood looking for any signs of the "low men", like announcements about missing pets. Bobby sees one, but doesn\'t tell Ted, afraid to lose his new friend. Bobby, Carol, and John have frequent conflicts with the local town bully, Harry Doolin ([[Timothy Reifsnyder , whom Ted is able to scare away by looking into his mind and finding out that his violence is used to cover up the fact that he is secretly a cross-dresser. However, at one point, Harry hurts Carol, and when Ted manipulates her dislocated shoulder into place, Liz arrives, after being raped by her boss, and mistakenly believes that Ted is a child molester. She is confronted by Ted\'s ability to tell her the truth about what she has been through, and how her behavior is affecting her relationship with her son, providing another reason that Ted must leave. That and the "low men" are closing in on him. Ted is eventually captured with the help of a tip from Liz. As some form of closure, Ted yells to Bobby as he is being driven away that he wouldn\'t have missed a moment "not for all the world", and later Bobby mirrors the same feelings. Bobby is later confronted by Harry but Bobby grabs the latter\'s baseball bat and beats him with it. Liz later finds a new job in Boston and moves the family there. Before he leaves, Bobby and Carol say their goodbyes and share a final kiss. At the end of the film, a grown up Bobby meets a girl named Molly who turns out to be Carol\'s daughter. Bobby produces a picture of a young Carol  and gives it to Molly to keep.'] ['When Aaron loses his parents, the only family he has left are his estranged aunt and uncle , who are reluctant to take the young boy in. But with no other options, Aaron moves into their farm house, nestled in the sprawling wilderness, and begins a new life. Aaron finds much comfort in exploring the nature around him and becomes even more intrigued when he spots a white wolf patrolling the nearby ridge. When he witnesses a hunter wound on the majestic animal, Aaron reaches out to the wolf and creates a bond that will become very important to protecting both of their lives.'] ['The movie portrays the journey of two children in search of their father, whom they believe lives in Germany. On the way they meet many people, including a troupe of actors , and encounter dangers. Eventually, they cross a river to reach their hoped-for destination.'] ['Seven-year-old Johnny is excited about what he believes to be a vacation at his grandmother\'s Georgia plantation with his parents, John Sr. and Sally. When they arrive at the plantation, he discovers that his parents will be living apart for a while and he is to live in the country with his mother and grandmother while his father returns to Atlanta to continue his controversial editorship in the city\'s newspaper. Johnny, distraught because his father has never left him or his mother before, leaves that night under cover of darkness and sets off for Atlanta with only a bundle. As Johnny sneaks away from the plantation, he is attracted by the voice of Uncle Remus , telling tales "in his old-timey way" of a character named Br\'er Rabbit. Curious, Johnny hides behind a nearby tree to spy on the group of people sitting around the fire. By this time, word has gotten out that Johnny is gone and some plantation residents, who are sent out to find him, ask if Uncle Remus has seen the boy. Uncle Remus replies that he\'s with him. Shortly afterwards, he catches up with Johnny, who sits crying on a nearby log. He befriends the young boy and offers him some food for the journey, taking him back to his cabin. As Uncle Remus cooks, he mentions Br\'er Rabbit again and the boy, curious, asks him to tell him more. After Uncle Remus tells a tale about Br\'er Rabbit\'s attempt to run away from home, Johnny takes the advice and changes his mind about leaving the plantation, letting Uncle Remus take him back to his mother. Johnny makes friends with Toby, a little black boy who lives on the plantation, and Ginny Favers, a poor white neighbor. However, Ginny\'s two older brothers, Joe and Jake—who are meant to resemble Br\'er Fox and Br\'er Bear "a big Bubba" from Uncle Remus\'s stories, for one is slick and fast-talking, while the other is big and a little slow—are not friendly at all; they constantly bully Ginny and Johnny. When Ginny gives Johnny a puppy, her brothers want to drown it. A rivalry breaks out among the three boys. Heartbroken because his mother won\'t let him keep the puppy, Johnny takes the dog to Uncle Remus and tells him of his troubles. Uncle Remus takes the dog in and delights Johnny and his friends with the fable of Br\'er Rabbit and the Tar Baby, stressing that people shouldn\'t go messing around with something they have no business with in the first place.  Johnny heeds the advice of how Br\'er Rabbit used reverse psychology on Br\'er Fox and begs the Favers Brothers not to tell their mother about the dog, which is precisely what they do, only to get a good spanking for it. Enraged, the boys vow revenge. They go to the plantation and tell Johnny\'s mother, who is upset that Uncle Remus kept the dog despite her order . She orders the old man not to tell any more stories to her son. The day of Johnny\'s birthday arrives, and Johnny picks up Ginny to take her to his party. Ginny\'s mother has used her wedding dress to make her daughter a beautiful dress for the party. On the way there, however, Joe and Jake pick another fight. Ginny gets pushed, and ends up in a mud puddle. With her dress ruined, the upset Ginny refuses to go to the party. Johnny, enraged with the way Joe and Jake treat Ginny, attacks them. Uncle Remus breaks up the fight and while Johnny goes to comfort Ginny, Uncle Remus scolds Joe and Jake, telling them not to pester Johnny and Ginny anymore. Johnny doesn\'t want to go either, especially since his father won\'t be there. Uncle Remus discovers the two dejected children and cheers them by telling the story of Br\'er Rabbit and his "Laughing Place." When Uncle Remus returns to the plantation with the children, Sally meets them on the way and is angry at Johnny for not having attended his own birthday party. Ginny mentions that Uncle Remus told them a story and Sally draws a line, warning him not to spend any more time with Johnny. Uncle Remus, saddened by the misunderstanding of his good intentions, packs his bags and leaves for Atlanta. Seeing Uncle Remus leaving from a distance, Johnny rushes to intercept him, taking a shortcut through the pasture, where he is attacked and seriously injured by the resident bull. While Johnny hovers between life and death, his father returns and reconciles with Sally. But Johnny calls for Uncle Remus, who has returned amidst all the commotion. Uncle Remus begins telling a tale of Br\'er Rabbit and the Laughing Place, and the boy miraculously survives. Johnny, Ginny, and Toby are next seen skipping along and singing "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" while Johnny\'s returned puppy runs alongside them. Uncle Remus is also in the vicinity, and he is shocked when Br\'er Rabbit and several of the other characters from his stories appear in front of them and interact with the children. Uncle Remus breaks the fourth wall as he rushes to join the group. The entire group skips away, with a reprise of the opening theme.'] ['The film\'s plot follows the story of Paikea Apirana  [In the book, her name is Kahu, short for Kahutia Te Rangi].The leader should be the first-born son – a direct patrilineal descendant of Paikea, aka Kahutia Te Rangi in the book, the Whale Rider – he who rode on top of a whale from Hawaiki. However, Pai is female and technically cannot inherit the leadership. While he does later form an affectionate bond with his granddaughter, carrying her to school every day on his bicycle, he also condemns her and blames her for conflicts happening within the tribe. At one point Paikea decides to leave with her father because her grandfather is mistreating her. However she finds that she cannot bear to leave the sea as the whale seems to be calling her back, she tells her father to turn the car back and returns home. Pai\'s father refuses to assume traditional leadership; instead he moves to Germany to pursue a career as an artist. Pai herself is interested in the leadership, learning traditional songs and dances, but is given little encouragement by her grandfather. Pai feels that she can become the leader, although there\'s no precedent for a woman to do so, and is determined to succeed. Koro decides to form a cultural school for the village boys, hoping to find a new leader. He teaches the boys to use a taiaha . This is traditionally reserved for males. However, Nanny tells Pai that her second son, Pai\'s uncle, had won a taiaha tournament in his youth while he was still slim, so Pai secretly learns from him. She also secretly follows Koro\'s lessons. One of the students, Hemi, is also sympathetic towards her, but Koro is enraged when he finds out, particularly when she wins her taiaha fight against Hemi. Koro\'s relationship with Pai erodes further when none of the boys succeed at the traditional task of recovering the rei puta  that he threw into the ocean – this mission would prove one of them worthy of becoming leader. With the loss of the rei puta, Koro in despair calls out the Ancient ones, the whales. In an attempt to help, Pai from the beach also calls out to them and they hear her call. Pai, in an attempt to bridge the rift that has formed, invites Koro to be her guest of honour at a concert of Māori chants that her school is putting on. Unknown to all, she had won an inter-school speech contest with a touching dedication to Koro and the traditions of the village. However, Koro was late, and as he was walking to the school, he notices that numerous right whales are beached near Pai\'s home. The entire village attempts to coax and drag them back into the water, but all efforts prove unsuccessful; even a tractor does not help because the rope breaks. Koro sees it as a sign of his failure and despairs further. He admonishes Pai against touching the largest whale because "she has done enough damage" with her presumption. Also, the largest whale traditionally belongs to the legendary Paikea. But when Koro walks away, she climbs onto the back of the largest whale and coaxes it to re-enter the ocean. The whale leads the entire pod back into the sea; Paikea nearly drowns in the process. When she goes out to sea, Nanny Flowers shows Koro the whale tooth which Pai had previously recovered. When Pai is found and brought to the hospital, Koro declares her the leader and asks her forgiveness. The film ends with the village, including Pai\'s father, uncle, and grandparents, celebrating her status as leader, as the finished waka is hauled into the sea for its maiden voyage.'] ["A young South African orphan named Musa  leaves his AIDS-ravaged village in KwaZulu-Natal, taking along only a drum given to him by his father, for the gritty streets of Johannesburg in search of work and his uncle. The trip proves to be enlightening for young Musa, who is faced with the culture shock of urban society. Meanwhile, a wealthy lawyer from a privileged family learns he has AIDS, and a truck driver's dangerous sexual proclivities endanger his wife.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387057/"] ['The film is seen through the eyes of a ten-year-old boy, Harry , who does not know that Argentina\'s 1976 coup d\'état is impacting his life. After witnessing the "disappearance" of dissident friends, a human rights lawyer  and his research scientist wife  flee the city and hide from the military police in a vacant summer house. With them are their two kids: Harry, who is fascinated with the escape artistry of Harry Houdini, and El Enano, his little brother.  The family adopts new identities and attempts to lead a normal life. Later, they are joined by a student who is using the alias Lucas . Their new life is difficult, but a visit with their estranged grandparents  reveals that they are still a close-knit family. Subtly hinted, however, and used as a metaphor, is the mother\'s constant smoking and El Enano\'s renewed bed-wetting. Both serve to show how stressful and precarious their situation is.'] ["After a police round up of street children Pixote is sent to a juvenile reformatory . The prison is a hellish school where Pixote uses glue sniffing as a means of emotional escape from the constant threats of abuse and rape. It soon becomes clear that the young criminals are only pawns in the criminal, sadistic games of the prison guards and their commander. When a boy dies of physical abuse by the guards, they frame the lover of the transgendered effeminate boy known as Lilica , for the murder. This lover then conveniently also dies, with some help from the guards. Soon after, Pixote, Lilica and her new lover Dito  find an opportunity to flee from the prison. First they stay at the apartment of Cristal , a former lover of Lilica, but when tensions arise they go to Rio for a cocaine drug deal; there, however, they get duped by a showgirl. After some time bumming around the city, Pixote and his friends go to a club for another drug deal. While there, Pixote finds the showgirl that took their drugs and stabs her. They become pimps for the prostitute Sueli who is definitely past her prime and is possibly ill from a botched abortion. The group conspires to rob her johns, but when Lilica's lover Dito falls for Sueli, Lillica leaves. The robbery scheme fails when an American john fights back  so they have to shoot him. In the ensuing fight, Pixote accidentally shoots and kills Dito as well. Pixote tries to gain comfort from Sueli, treating her as a mother figure, but she rejects him. He leaves and is seen walking down a railway line, gun in hand, away from the camera, his figure disappearing in the distance, out of the film's view."] ["The film is set in Madison, Pennsylvania, in the summer of 1972. Vada Sultenfuss  is an 11-year-old tomboy and a hypochondriac. Vada's father, Harry Sultenfuss , is an awkward widower who does not seem to understand his daughter, constantly ignoring her as a result. His profession as a funeral director, for which the Sultenfuss' residence serves as a funeral parlor, has led Vada to develop an obsession with death. She thinks that she killed her mother, since her mother died giving birth to her. Vada regularly tends to her invalid grandmother Gramoo , who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Harry's brother Phil , who lives nearby, also stops by frequently to help out the family. Vada is teased by other girls because her best friend, Thomas J. Sennett , is unpopular and a boy. One day, Vada gets squirted with a water gun by Thomas J., which makes Vada chase Thomas J. into the woods, where they get chased by bees after Thomas J. and Vada threw rocks at their hive, which is also where Vada loses her mood ring. Vada's summer begins well. She befriends Shelly DeVoto , the new make-up artist at her father's funeral parlor, who provides her with some much needed guidance. She is also infatuated with her teacher, Mr. Bixler , and steals some money from Shelly's trailer to attend a summer writing class that he is teaching. However, things start to fall apart. Her father and Shelly start dating and get engaged. Vada cannot bring herself to tell her father that she has experienced her first menstrual cycle; Shelly explains it after Vada runs around the house yelling that she is hemorrhaging. A couple of days later, Vada and Thomas J. sit at the dock by the river and end up kissing. Then, Thomas J. goes into the forest to look for Vada's mood ring and finds it, but gets stung by the bees and dies of an allergic reaction. Vada discovers that Mr. Bixler is about to get married to someone else. Shelly and Harry get into an argument at Thomas J's funeral, and Shelly angrily tells Harry that life isn't just about death, as well as not to ignore the living, especially his daughter. Vada's grief, however, manages to mend the rift between her and her father. She learns that her mother's death after her birth wasn't her fault . Eventually Vada makes a new friend, and not only comes to terms with her pain and grief, but also overcomes some of her previous issues as well."] ['Joan Crawford  is a driven actress and compulsively clean housekeeper who tries to control the lives of those around her as tightly as she controls herself. To prepare for a work day at MGM Studios, she rises at 4:00 am and engages in a strict morning ritual: scrubbing her face with soap and boiling hot water, then plunging her head into a vat of distilled water and ice to close the pores. When Helga , a new maid, thinks she has Joan\'s living room in spotless condition, Joan finds one minute detail that she overlooked and loses her temper, intimidating the maid as well as her live-in personal assistant, Carol Ann . Joan is in a relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt ([[Steve Forrest , but her career is in a bit of a downswing. She desperately wants a baby, but is unable to get pregnant; seven pregnancies when she was married to actor Franchot Tone ended in miscarriages. When she is denied an application for adoption, she enlists Gregg\'s help to secure a baby. Joan adopts a girl whom she names Christina, and later a boy, Christopher . Joan lavishes Christina  with attention and luxuries such as an extravagant birthday party, but also enforces a code of denial and discipline. When Christina is showered with gifts, Joan asks which she likes best, then donates the other gifts to charity. As Christina rebels against her mother\'s demands, a series of confrontations ensues. Joan overtakes Christina in a swimming-pool race and proclaims her victory by crowing to the child, "You lost again!" Joan becomes enraged when Christina reacts with disappointment, locking her in the pool house. When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup and imitating her, she hysterically hacks off Christina\'s hair. Her relationship with Gregg becomes a dismal failure; Joan resents Gregg\'s allegiance to studio boss Louis B. Mayer and argues with him after a dinner at Perrino\'s restaurant. Joan guzzles down glasses of vodka and throws a drink in Gregg\'s face after he tells her she is getting old. A physical altercation develops and Gregg breaks up with Joan. The next day, Joan cuts Gregg out of the family photos. Joan\'s tantrums grow more bizarre and violent; When Mayer  forces Joan to leave MGM after theater owners brand her "box office poison," she hacks down her prize rose garden with a pair of large gardening shears and an axe. In the most infamous scene of the film, Joan, with her face slathered in cold cream, stalks into Christina\'s bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child\'s dresses hanging on a wire hanger. She launches into a tirade, screaming at the girl, "I told you! No wire hangers, ever!" She yanks dresses from Christina\'s closet, throws them all over the girl\'s room and beats the screaming girl with the hanger. Joan wrecks the bathroom as well, throwing cleaning powder all over the already spotless bathroom, striking Christina with the tin and screaming at her to clean it up. Joan sends Christina, now a teenager, to boarding school. When Christina is caught in a compromising position with a boy, however, Joan brings her home. Barbara Bennett , a reporter from Redbook magazine, is writing a puff piece on Joan\'s home life. After Joan lies about why her daughter left school, saying that she was expelled, Christina confronts her in front of the reporter. Joan furiously leads Christina into the living room. In the ensuing argument, Joan slaps her twice across the face. Christina questions her mother as to why she was adopted, and Joan confesses that it was partially a publicity stunt. After Christina yells, "I am not one of your fans!," Joan seizes Christina by the throat and throws her to the floor, knocking over a table and breaking it. She then tries to throttle Christina, who pleads with her to stop. Joan chokes Christina, shrieking that she hates her and enjoys hitting her. Christina writhes on the floor, Joan strangling her as though she intends to murder her. Carol Ann and the reporter witness the attack and intervene, pulling Joan away. Christina throws her mother aside and lays coughing on the floor. Joan sends Christina to Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy to punish her; under the academy\'s strict rules, Christina can have no contact with the outside world. Joan then marries Alfred Steele , CEO of Pepsi Cola, moves to New York City and pressures him to shoulder a great deal of debt to fund their lavish lifestyle. After his death, the all-male board tries to force her to resign, but Joan intimidates them into letting her retain her seat by threatening to publicly condemn Pepsi. After leaving the convent school, Christina rents an apartment in Manhattan, where she acts in a soap opera. When she suffers from an ovarian tumor, a stunned Christina is temporarily replaced on the show by her mother. Joan dies of cancer in 1977, whereupon Christina and Christopher  learn their mother has completely disinherited them in her will. When a resigned Christopher says their mother has managed to have the last word, Christina questions that, hinting at the much-publicized book she would write, Mommie Dearest.'] [" The film is set against the backdrop of unrest in East Pakistan in the late 1960s leading up to the Bangladesh War of Liberation. In this setting, a small family must come to grips with its culture, its faith, and the brutal political changes entering its small-town world. Anu, a young boy, is sent off to a madrasah by his unbendingly devout father Kazi. Anu's younger sister falls ill and dies because of Kazi's refusal to use conventional medicine. While at the madrasah, Anu befriends Rokon, an eccentric misfit in the rigorous religious school, who is forced by the teachers to undergo an exorcism by ducking in the freezing river to cure himself. Personal tragedies beset the family and tests its loyalty to the obdurate patriarch Kazi, who still believes in the religious unity of Pakistan, in the face of cruel, contradictory events. A shattering political development then changes their town, their life, and the inner dynamics of the family, including the patriarch's role."] [' A workhouse in a small town in England is visited by the wealthy governors who fund it. At the same time a sumptuous banquet is held for them, the orphan boys who work there are being served their daily gruel. They dream of enjoying the same "Food, Glorious Food" as their masters. While eating, some boys draw straws to see who will ask for more to eat, and the job falls to a boy named Oliver Twist. He goes up to Mr. Bumble and Widow Corney, who run the workhouse and serve the gruel, and quietly asks, "Please, sir, I want some more." Mr. Bumble is enraged and Oliver is taken to the governors to see what to do with him . A decision is made to have Oliver be sold into service. Mr. Bumble parades Oliver through the snow trying to sell him to the highest bidder . Oliver is eventually sold to an undertaker named Mr. Sowerberry, who intends to use him as a mourner for children\'s funerals. After his first funeral, Noah Claypole, Sowerberry\'s apprentice, insults Oliver\'s mother to get a rise out of him. Oliver attacks Noah and Mrs. Sowerberry forces him into a coffin while Noah fetches Mr. Bumble. Oliver is too angry to be intimidated by Mr. Bumble and Bumble places the blame on not keeping Oliver on a diet of gruel. Oliver is thrown into the cellar as further punishment. Alone in the dark with a roomful of empty coffins, Oliver tearfully wonders "Where is Love?". While clutching the window grate, Oliver inadvertently pushes it open and he escapes. After a week on the road, Oliver reaches London, where he plans to seek his fortune. Shortly after arriving, he crosses paths with the Artful Dodger, a young thief who decides to take Oliver under his wing . Dodger leads Oliver to his home, a hideout for a group of young pickpockets run by the criminal Fagin. Oliver naively believes the handkerchiefs and wallets they\'ve stolen are "made" by them and Fagin and the boys play along for their amusement. He then helps the boys practice their stealing while reiterating his belief that "You\'ve Got to Pick a Pocket or Two" to get by. Once the boys go to sleep, Fagin sneaks off to meet with Bill Sikes, a dangerous thief with whom he makes his deals. Sikes\' girlfriend, Nancy, waits for him at the pub and sings of her contentment with the life she shares with the reprobates of London while covering up her own broken dreams of the life she wishes she had with Sikes . Back at the hideout, Oliver witnesses Fagin counting his hidden treasures and taking a little more than his fair share from Sikes\' loot. While initially furious that he\'s been discovered, Fagin halfheartedly admits that he\'s keeping his "pretty things" for comfort in his old age. Nancy and her best friend Bet arrive in the morning to collect some money from Fagin on behalf of Sikes, and meet Oliver. The boys mock Oliver for his politeness towards Nancy, which she finds charming. Dodger attempts to be just as gentlemanly towards Nancy and the boys and Fagin join in the fun . Fagin sends the boys out for the day and Oliver asks to go with Dodger, which he agrees to "Be Back Soon". While on the job, however, Oliver witnesses what Dodger really does and is blamed for Dodger\'s theft of a wallet belonging to a gentleman named Mr. Brownlow. Oliver is chased by the police, and despite Dodger\'s best efforts to stall them, is arrested. Afraid that Oliver will tell the police all about them, Fagin and Sikes send Nancy to court to watch what he does. Oliver is too terrified to say anything, but before the magistrate can finalize the verdict, a bookseller who witnessed the act arrives to prove Oliver\'s innocence. Mr. Brownlow takes in Oliver and Sikes and Fagin send Dodger to follow them.  Oliver has been living in the wealthy residence of Mr. Brownlow for several weeks now. From the balcony he watches the merchants and other folk of London sell their wares  Sikes has been keeping an eye on Oliver, firmly believing he may tell on them. He and Fagin are determined to get him back and employ Nancy to help them as Oliver trusts her more than he does the others. Nancy refuses as she wants Oliver to have a life free of thievery but Sikes cruelly hits her. As Nancy reluctantly follows Sikes, she sings of her unwavering love of him despite his ways . The next day, Mr. Brownlow entrusts Oliver with some books and money to be delivered to the bookshop. As he leaves, Brownlow notices a striking resemblance between a portrait of his long-lost niece and Oliver. While walking through the streets of London, Oliver is sidetracked by Nancy and is eventually kidnapped by Sikes and taken back to the hideout. Sikes and Nancy argue but she leaves as he starts to get violent in front of the boys again. Fagin begins reconsidering his life as a thief and weighs all his options, but decides to keep to his old ways by "Reviewing the Situation". Mr. Bumble and Widow Corney pay a visit to Mr. Brownlow after he begins searching for Oliver\'s origin. They present a locket belonging to Oliver\'s mother, who arrived at the workhouse penniless and died in childbirth. Mr. Brownlow recognizes the locket as his niece\'s and throws the two out, enraged that they chose to selfishly keep the trinket and information to themselves until they could collect a reward for it. Meanwhile, in an attempt to introduce Oliver to a life of crime, Sikes forces Oliver to take part in a house robbery. The robbery fails when Oliver accidentally awakens the people living in the house, but he and Sikes manage to get away. While Sikes and Oliver are gone, Nancy, fearful that Sikes will kill Oliver, goes to Brownlow, confessing her part in Oliver\'s kidnapping and promising to return him to Mr. Brownlow the next evening at London Bridge; however, she insists that Brownlow come alone, her loyalty to Sikes prevents her from turning him over to the police. Then she goes to her job at the tavern. When Sikes and Oliver show up safely there, Sikes orders his dog Bullseye to guard the boy. Nancy starts up a lively drinking song, hoping that the noise will distract Sikes . Bullseye, however, alerts him and he secretly follows Nancy and Oliver despite Fagin\'s pleads not to hurt Nancy. As Oliver and Nancy share a farewell embrace at London Bridge, Sikes catches up, grabs Nancy, and bludgeons her to death, mistakenly believing that she did betray him after all. He then kidnaps Oliver, but Bullseye returns to the scene of the crime after Sikes tries to murder him as well to prevent detection. The dog leads Brownlow and an angry mob to the thieves\' hideout. Sikes uses Oliver as a hostage to make sure he gets away unscathed. Fagin loses his grip on his box of treasures while running and they sink deep into the mud. After forcing Oliver to loop a rope around a rooftop plank so that he  can escape, Sikes is shot dead by the police as he tries to swing across from one rooftop to another. Oliver is reunited with Mr. Brownlow and Fagin makes up his mind to change his ways for good. Just as he\'s about to walk away a new man, Dodger approaches him with a wallet he stole earlier. They dance off into the sunrise together, happily determined to live out the rest of their days as thieves ("Reviewing the Situation  while Oliver returns home for good .'] ['Dr. Malcolm Crowe , a child psychologist in Philadelphia, returns home one night with his wife, Anna Crowe , after having been honored for his work. Anna tells Crowe that everything is second to his work. The two then discover that they are not alone; a young man appears brandishing a gun. He says that he does not want to be afraid anymore and accuses Crowe of failing him. Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Gray , a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations. Gray shoots Crowe in the abdomen, and seconds later kills himself with the gun. The next autumn, Crowe begins working with another patient, nine-year-old Cole Sear , who has a condition similar to Vincent\'s. Crowe becomes dedicated to the boy, though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent. Meanwhile, his relationship with his wife has deteriorated to the point where she ignores him and refuses to talk to him. Crowe believes that she may be contemplating a romance with a coworker who keeps coming around the house although this elicits sadness from him not anger. Crowe also repeatedly has difficulty opening the door to his basement office. Once Crowe earns his trust, Cole eventually confides in him that he "sees dead people... walking around like regular people". One ghost who appears to Cole is an overworked wife, abused by her husband, who has slit her wrists. Another that tries to hurt Cole is only heard as a voice who pleads with Cole to let him out of a dark cupboard, then yells that he didn\'t steal "the Master\'s horse" and threatens to attack Cole. A third ghost is a boy with a large gunshot exit wound on the back of his head who asks Cole to come with him to find his father\'s gun. Though Crowe at first thinks Cole is delusional, he eventually comes to believe that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability to perceive ghosts. He suggests to Cole that he should try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and perhaps aid them with their unfinished business on Earth. Cole at first does not want to since the ghosts terrify him, but he finally decides to try it. He talks to one of the ghosts, a very ill girl who appears in his bedroom and promptly vomits in his tent. He finds where the girl, Kyra Collins , lived and goes to her house during her funeral reception. Kyra died after a prolonged illness and funeral guests note that Kyra\'s younger sister is starting to get sick, too. Kyra\'s ghost appears and gives Cole a box, which is opened to reveal a videotape. When Cole gives it to Kyra\'s father, the videotape shows Kyra\'s stepmother putting floor cleaner fluid in Kyra\'s food{{cite web}} while she cared for Kyra during her illness. Cole confesses his secret to his mother, Lynn . Although his mother at first does not believe him, Cole soon tells Lynn that her own mother once went to see her perform in a dance recital one night when she was a child, and that Lynn was not aware of this because her mother stayed in the back of the audience where she could not be seen. He also tells her that the answer to a question she asked when alone at her mother\'s grave, "Do I make you proud?", was "Every day". Lynn tearfully accepts this as the truth. Crowe returns to his home, where he finds his wife asleep on the couch with the couple\'s wedding video playing, not for the first time. As she sleeps, Anna\'s hand releases Malcolm\'s wedding ring , revealing to Crowe that he was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole. Due to Cole\'s efforts, Crowe\'s unfinished business—rectifying his failure to understand and help Vincent—is finally complete. Recalling Cole\'s advice, Crowe speaks to his sleeping wife and fulfills the second reason he returned, saying she was "never second", and that he loves her. Letting her live her own life, he is free to leave the world of the living and Cole had learned to live with the ghosts as it had become a part of his life.'] ['Beginning just before the start of the Second World War, the film tells the story of the Rowan family: Bill, his sisters Sue and Dawn, and his parents Grace and Clive, living in a suburb of London. After the war starts, Clive joins the army, leaving Grace alone to watch over the children. Seen through the eyes of 10-year-old Bill, the "fireworks" provided by the Blitz every night are as exciting as they are terrifying. His family do not see things in quite the same way as the bombs continue to drop, but their will to survive brings them closer together. The nightly raids do not provide the only drama, however, as his older sister, Dawn, falls for a Canadian soldier, becomes pregnant,{{cite web}} and finding her life turned upside down, soon discovers the value of her family. The family eventually moves to the Thames-side home of Grace\'s parents when their house burns down . This provides an opportunity for Bill to spend more time with his curmudgeonly grandfather.'] ['Eight-year-old Ana, stoic and quiet approaches her father\'s bedroom where she hears a woman in bed with her father, confessing her love for him. Descending the stairs, she spies an attractive middle-aged woman, hastily dressing and rushing from the bedroom to the front door of the darkened house. The woman and Ana exchange glances but do not speak. Once the woman has left, Ana enters her father\'s bedroom and finds the man dead, apparently from a heart attack. As if not really understanding the gravity of the situation, Ana unflappably takes away a half-full glass of milk, which she carries to the kitchen and cleans. In the kitchen, she sees her mother, who chides her for being up so late and sends her off to bed. Reality and fantasy swap places. The bizarre death of Ana\'s father, who will prove to be a Fascist military man, is real. The apparently banal appearance of the mother at the fridge, on the other hand, is in fact fantasized by the grieving child. Ana\'s mother is already dead; her image is only a fanciful illusion of the little girl\'s mind. Blaming her mother\'s illness and death on her father, Ana has dissolved a mysterious powder she believes to be a potent poison in his milk glass as a willful act of murder. Her belief in the power of the poison is thus confirmed when her father dies.  At the wake of Ana\'s father, she sees again the mysterious woman she had previously seen fleeing her father\'s bedroom on the night of his death. The woman, Amelia, is the wife of her father\'s close friend and fellow military officer. Ana\'s satisfaction of having rid herself of her father\'s presence is short lived, for her mother\'s sister, her Aunt Paulina, soon arrives to set the house in order, turning out to be every bit the cold authoritarian Ana\'s father had been. The all-female household is completed by the children\'s grandmother, mute and immobile in a wheelchair, and the feisty, fleshy housekeeper, Rosa. Ana takes refuge in the basement, where she keeps her \'lethal\' powder, and where she is watched by an apparition of herself from twenty years in the future. The adult Ana, looking exactly as her mother, recounts her infancy: \'I don\'t believe in childhood paradise, or in innocence, or the natural goodness of children. I remember my childhood as a long period of time, interminable, sad, full of fear, fear of the unknown\'. The little rituals of everyday life fill Ana\'s days during her summer school vacation. Tortured by the memories of her mother\'s illness, Ana rebels against her aunt\'s authoritarian style, and in bouts of loneliness she variously imagines her mother\'s continued presence, or even her own suicide. Though diverted by the presence of her two sisters, Ana\'s only truly close companions are the family maid, Rosa, and her pet guinea pig, Roni, whom she discovers dead in his cage one morning. Ana’s mother\'s painful death from cancer; her father\'s presumed murder, her guinea pig\'s death and her own imagined suicide weigh on the girl\'s mind. Ana even offers her grandmother, ill and using a wheelchair, the opportunity of dying and ridding herself from loneliness by providing her a spoonful of her poison. The old woman turns down Ana\'s offer as the old woman realizes that the powder is simply baking soda. The adult Ana explains the notion of the mysterious powder that the child Ana had so dearly coveted: it was nothing more than bicarbonate of soda that her mother once told her was a powerful poison, so powerful that one spoonful would kill an elephant. She further explains her motivation in wanting to kill her father: "The only thing I remembered perfectly is that then my father seemed responsible for the sadness that weighted on my mother in the last years of her life. I was convinced that he, and he alone, had provoked her illness." Ana, still believing that she has murdered her father, attempts to poison her aunt with the same powder. She repeats the preparation of milk with the mysterious substance, but the next morning awakens for the first day of school to find that Paulina is still alive. Ana and her two sisters leave the lugubrious family compound and march into the vibrant and noisy city that has all but been shut out from their world up to this point.'] ['Keïta is a retelling of the first third of Sundjata Keita\'s 13th-century epic, Sundjata.<ref name38}} It tells of Mabo Keïta , a thirteen-year-old boy who lives in a middle-class family in Ouagadougou and attends a good school. One day he encounters Djeliba Kouyate , an elderly griot, who wants to tell the young Keïta the origin of his name, being related to Sundata . Kouyate begins his story with the Mandeng creation myth: As all living beings come together in the newly-formed Earth, one man proclaims to the masses that he wants to be their king. They respond, "We do not hate you." The old griot goes on to tell how Keita\'s family are descended from buffalo, the blackbirds are always watching him, and how people have roots that are deep in the earth. The film shows realistic-looking flashbacks to ancient times and ends with Sundjata Keita being exiled from the Kingdom of Mande, to which he lays claim.'] ['The film is about a group of destitute children and their misfortunes in a Mexico City slum. El Jaibo escapes juvenile jail and reunites with the street gang that he leads. El Jaibo\'s gang attempts to rob a blind street musician. They fail at first, but later track him down, beat him, and destroy his instruments. With the help of Pedro, El Jaibo tracks down Julián, the youngster who supposedly sent him to jail. El Jaibo puts his arm in a fake sling and hides a rock in it. El Jaibo confronts Julián, who denies that he reported him to the police. Julián refuses to fight El Jaibo because it wouldn\'t be a fair fight with El Jaibo\'s arm broken. As Julián starts to walk away, El Jaibo hits him in the head with the rock. He then beats Julián to death and takes his money. El Jaibo warns Pedro not to report the crime, and since he shares Julián\'s money with Pedro, Pedro is an accomplice to the murder. Pedro\'s mother resents her son\'s behavior, and shows signs that she doesn\'t even love him or care for him as a son. Pedro is extremely saddened by this and vows to start behaving better. He finds work as apprentice to a blacksmith. One day, El Jaibo comes to talk with him about their secret and, unbeknownst to Pedro, steals an expensive knife from the blacksmith\'s table. Pedro is accused of the crime and sent to a juvenile rehabilitation program, the "farm school," where he misbehaves at first, but is won over by the kindness of the principal. In a turn of events that seems to owe a great deal to Oliver Twist, when Pedro is sent on an errand by the principal with a 50 pesos bill, he encounters El Jaibo, who steals it. Pedro then tracks down El Jaibo and fights him. The fight ends in a stalemate, but Pedro announces to the crowd that it was El Jaibo who killed Julián. El Jaibo flees, but the blind man has heard the accusation and tells the police. Pedro tracks El Jaibo down once again, and El Jaibo kills Pedro. While fleeing, El Jaibo runs into the police. As El Jaibo tries to run away, the police shoot and kill him. Meche and her grandfather find Pedro\'s body. Not wanting to attract the police, they dump his body down a garbage-covered cliff. On their way, they pass Pedro\'s mother, who, though once unconcerned with her disobedient child, is now searching for him.'] ["It is the eve of the Iranian New Year. The film opens in a Teheran market where seven year old Razieh  and her mother are shopping. Razieh sees a goldfish in a shop and begins to nag her hurrying mother to buy it for the festivities instead of the skinny ones in her family's pond at home. Almost all of the film's major characters are briefly seen in this market scene, though they won't be introduced to the viewer until later. On their way home, mother and daughter pass a courtyard where a crowd of men has gathered to watch two snake charmers. Razieh wants to see what is happening but her mother pulls her daughter away, telling her that it is not good for her to watch these things. Back home, Razieh is upset about her mother's refusal to let her buy a new goldfish, but continues her campaign of nagging. Her older brother Ali  returns from a shopping errand for their father who, although remains unseen has a tangible presence causing tension in the family. He complains that he asked Ali to buy shampoo, not soap, then throws the soap at him. Ali sets off to buy the shampoo and when he returns Razieh enlists his help in changing her mother's mind about the goldfish, bribing him with a balloon. Insisting that she can buy the goldfish in the market for 100 tomans , Razieh finally gets her wish. Her mother gives her the family's last 500-toman banknote and asks her to bring back the change. Razieh sets off with an empty glass jar to the fish shop a few blocks away. Between their home and the fish store, Razieh manages to lose the money twice, first in an encounter with the snake charmer, and then when she drops the money through the grate at the entrance to a store which has been closed for the New Year celebration. Razieh and Ali make several attempts to retrieve the money and receive assistance from many people, including the owners of nearby shops and an Iranian soldier. The money, however, is always just out of reach. Finally, the siblings receive help from a young Afghan street vendor selling balloons. He carries all of his balloons on a wooden stick, and has only one balloon, a white one, left. The group attaches a piece of gum to one end of the balloon stick, and with it, they reach down through the grate and pull the money out. The film ends, not with Ali and Razieh, but with the young Afghan boy, who has become an important character only at the very end of the film."] ['Overhearing stern Uncle Daniel describe him as a "millstone", Toby Tyler runs away from his foster home to join the circus, where he soon befriends Mr. Stubbs, the frisky chimpanzee. However, the circus isn\'t all fun and games when the evil candy vendor, Harry Tupper, convinces Toby that his Aunt Olive and Uncle Daniel don\'t love him or want him back. Toby resigns himself to circus life even scoring a much bigger role at the circus. When Toby realizes  that Tupper lied to him, and that his aunt and uncle truly love him, Toby leaves the circus to go home. On the way, however, he finds that Mr. Stubbs has followed him. Deciding to take Mr. Stubbs home with him  Mr. Stubbs is chased by a hunter\'s dog. A hunter named Jim Weaver accidentally shoots Mr. Stubbs as Harry hauls Toby back to the circus. Toby discovers his aunt and uncle are at the circus, with hugs all around. When Harry tries to pursue Toby, he is caught by Ben for using the Sheriff\'s money. Ben tells Harry to leave Toby alone and stop acting unkind. Just before Toby\'s big performance for his family, he discovers Mr. Stubbs is still alive, having been brought back to the circus by the hunter. Toby performs on horseback, only to have Mr. Stubbs join him, creating a great new act for the circus.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom Oakley is a reclusive old man living in an English countryside village in September 1939. World War II has just started, and he is forced by the local billeting officer to house an evacuee from London. Tom doesn\'t want to, complaining that he doesn\'t know about children of the boy\'s age. The evacuee is nine-year-old William "Willie" Beech, a shy boy who behaves strangely, not eating much and being very shy. He arrives in the village by steam train with a group of other evacuees. Tom leaves Will alone for a while as he goes and complains to Mrs Ford, the billeting officer. Will goes to the local churchyard, where he looks at a beautiful gravestone with an angel sculpture, and meets his future schoolteacher, Mrs Hartridge, and her husband, a pilot. They leave, and he then meets Sammy, a collie, who terrifies him. Will picks up a spade, and, before he can strike, Tom stops him, explaining that Sammy is his dog. Later, Tom unwittingly scares Will whilst stirring the coals in the fireplace with a red hot poker. Will is scared, and faints, under the misapprehension that Tom is going to beat or brand him with it. Whilst unpacking Will\'s things, Tom finds a letter from Will\'s mother, saying that he is a \'sinful\' boy, and that she has packed a belt in case he misbehaves. The next day, Will wakes up to find he has wet the bed, as he often did back in London. When Tom tells him to take his wet pyjamas off, it is revealed, to the camera only, that Will has belt marks on his back. Later, they go to the post office, where Will meets Zacharias "Zach" Wrench, a Jewish boy of around the same age, who he makes friends with. Zach is billeted with Dr Little and his wife, who are Tom\'s friends. His dad works as a fireman. Tom asks Mrs Fletcher, his neighbour and friend, to talk to her knitting club and help rustle up some clothing for Will, who only has one set of clothes. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round old clothes for William. When William changes into the clothes, Tom sees the belt marks on his back and realises the extent of William\'s abuse. In his fury, he throws away the belt Will\'s mother sent. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round to help with Tom\'s new Anderson shelter.Will helps out too, but wears a sweater, not only to avoid dirtying his new shirt but to conceal the belt marks. Afterwards, Tom goes to do volunteer work in the church, showing that the better side of him is coming out. One day, Will plays Tom\'s small organ, which belonged to Rachel, his dead wife. However, Tom doesn\'t like anybody touching the instrument because it brings back bad memories and warns Will not to touch it without his permission. Later that day, they go fishing, and Will brings along Zach and some other children, who he makes friends with, including two girls called Ginnie and Carrie. Not long after, the summer holidays stop. Will has to go to school, which he has been dreading. As it turns out, though, Will meets Zach there and becomes friendly with some other boys, too. On his first lesson, he is put in a lower class, with much younger children, because he is illiterate. When he gets home, he tells Tom who, when informed by Mrs Hartridge why this has happened, takes it upon himself to teach Will, so that he can be in the class he wants to. Will is a clever boy, and he learns well and quickly. Tom is astounded to discover that, despite not knowing how to write, Will can draw a near-perfect straight line without a ruler. As he spends more time with the pencil, Will uncovers his secret talent for drawing and painting. One morning, Tom is placing flowers on the graves of his dead wife and son, when suddenly, he meets William, who is in his pyjamas. Tom explains to Will how his wife Rachel and his son, Will , died of scarlatina while he was away fighting in World War I more than 20 years earlier. On their headstone it says that they both died in 1917. Will explains that he came to tell how he did not wet the bed that night. Tom is as delighted as Will himself and has, by now, become a genuine father-figure to the boy. On the day of Will\'s birthday, Tom surprises him by revealing that he has organised a surprise party. Tom, Sammy, Mrs Fletcher, the Littles, Zach, Ginnie, and Carrie are all there. In the jolly atmosphere of it all, Tom is persuaded by Mrs Fletcher to play his organ again, and gives a splendid performance of It\'s a Long Way To Tipperary. Then, when all the guests have given their presents and left, Tom gives Will the best present of all, a set of watercolours. The next day at school, Will is promoted to Mrs Hartridge\'s class to be with the children of his own age. Overjoyed, he runs to tell Tom the news, only to find another set of news from the billeting office - that his mother is ill and wants him back in London for a while to look after her. He must go, but is sad to do so. Promising to write letters, he says farewell to Tom and boards the train to London. When Will gets to London, he\'s picked up by his mother at the station, who does not seem pleased to see him. They get to the flat, where his mum tells him to be quiet, so that "no-one will know he\'s there". He is told that there is a surprise for him, a "present from Jesus". It is a baby girl. Mrs Beech\'s attitude to William is revealed as disdainful and waspish. When she hears that the belt has not been brought home, she smacks him, thinking that he deliberately left it behind, and sends him to his room. The next morning, William is greeted by an unusually friendly mum, and a meal of egg and toast. But again, Will\'s mum later loses her temper, thinking that Will stole the picture he painted and the watercolours and other presents she finds in his bag. Will truthfully tells her that he got them as gifts from his friends, who he tells her about. She is angry to hear that some of them are girls, and demands to know if they go to church. Will responds that they do, apart from Zach because he is Jewish and there isn\'t a synagogue in the village. Mrs Beech is an anti-semite and, after calling Will a blasphemer when he points out that Jesus was a Jew, locks him in a cupboard under the stairs. Over the following days, Tom thinks Will has forgot about him, until he finds the belt dug in the mud and decides that Will is in danger. He travels to London, where he meets an ARP Warden who promises to help him find Will. They get to the house, where they meet Mrs Beech\'s neighbour, who tells them that Mrs Beech has apparently gone to the coast, and that Will has been evacuated to the country . Sammy smells something in the house. They break down the door and, when inside, find Will and the baby. Will lets the baby  be held by Tom, who then passes her on to a policeman. It is revealed that the baby is, in fact, dead. Whilst in hospital, Will constantly wakes up screaming from a terrible nightmare. Tom visits, and meets the suspicious Dr Stelton, a psychiatrist who wants Will be taken to "the children\'s home", most likely a mental hospital, which Tom does not think is a good idea. Will has a haircut so that the wounds on his head can heal. Tom, meanwhile, has concocted a plan. He retrieves Will\'s belongings from the house and sneaks into the hospital when it is less busy that night. When he is sure that there are no staff about, he kidnaps Will and takes him back to the village. Dr Little informs Will that he will recover fine physically. However, Will still has nightmares. Tom reveals the root of the nightmares. It seems that the nightmares are about Dr Stelton taking him away. After opening up and talking about the nightmares, Will finds that he doesn\'t have them anymore. Later, Zach visits, with the news that Mrs Hartridge has had her baby, but that her husband is feared dead after being shot down in his plane. The baby girl is called Peggy. In the news, the East End of London has been blitzed by the Luftwaffe. Zach\'s father has been working there as an auxiliary fireman. Also, Tom and Will soon have some visitors: a policeman, Mrs Ford , Dr Stelton, and Mr Greenway, a stern-looking man from the Home Office. They are here to inform Will that his mother is dead, and that they wish to take Will to the children\'s home in Sussex. Mr Greenway talks to Tom in the garden. Mr Greenway, who is not very emotional, is baffled as to why Tom wants to keep Will. Tom explains that it\'s because he loves him. At last, Mr Greenway gives in, to the annoyance of Dr Stelton, and Tom adopts Will officially and legally to the joy of both of them. Zach, meanwhile, is packing. He has to go and see his father who has been injured by a bomb in the East End. Will is sad but later in the week he finds out that Mrs Hartridge\'s husband is, in fact, a prisoner of war and not dead. This excites everyone, but then Will turns sad again when Mrs Little reveals a week later that Zach has been killed in a bombing. Will doesn\'t go to school, loses his appetite, and doesn\'t talk to anyone, not even Tom. To cheer him up, Tom gives Zach\'s red bike to Will, which he always used to ride. But Will is still silent, so Tom takes him back to Rachel\'s grave, declaring that when someone dies, they\'re not really gone as they\'re still in your memory, just like Rachel and John are to him. Will understands, and learns to ride Zach\'s bike. The film concludes with him confidently riding the bike down a hill towards Tom, where at the bottom they hug and Will exclaims "I can ride, Dad! I can really ride!".'] ['Eve, a precocious nine year-old with an overactive imagination, was born in the Year of the Fire Horse, notorious among Chinese families for producing the most troublesome children. Dinners around Eve’s family table are a raucous affair, where old world propriety and new world audacity mix in even measure. But as summer approaches, it seems like Eve’s carefree childhood days are behind her. When her mother chops down their apple tree — a superstitious omen — bad luck worms its way into their family in unexpected, tragic ways. Forced to grow up too fast, Eve learns to take pleasure in life’s small gifts — like a goldfish she believes to be the reincarnated spirit of her beloved grandmother. Meanwhile, Eve’s older sister Karena is going through changes of her own, exploring a new found fascination with Christianity. Soon, crucifixes pop up next to the Buddha in the family’s house, and Eve must contend with a Sunday school class where her wild imagination is distinctly out of place. Caught between her sister’s quest for premature sainthood and her own sense of right and wrong, Eve faces the challenges of childhood with fanciful humor and wide-eyed wonder. Along the way, she proves that sometimes the most troublesome children are the ones that touch our hearts most deeply.'] ['12-year-old J.J. Somerled runs away because his mother died and is placed in the care of an abusive foster mother. He takes his electronic keyboard, and lives in Central Park in New York City. He learns a lot, and meets a lot of people there including a person called "The Guardian" .'] ["The Ryans of St John's, Newfoundland, are an old family steeped in tradition. Donald Ryan edits the local newspaper while his brothers and sisters run the funeral parlour. Early one morning, Donald's son Draper Doyle goes to the newspaper office to surprise his father with a birthday cake, only to witness something traumatic. Two days later, Donald Ryan is dead. In the ensuing weeks, Draper Doyle's sleep is plagued by nightmares, and he realises he has no memories of the time surrounding his father's death. With the help of his uncle Reg, Draper Doyle tries to come to terms with the truth about Donald Ryan, and the key to this may be Donald's lucky hockey puck."] [' Two boys  awake one morning to find that their father has abandoned their family. Shocked, they begin to misbehave. While surreptitiously watching a movie, they think they see their father speaking to them and steal the film to examine the frames. Their mother  eventually despairs and sends them to Koranic school. Unhappy, they plan their escape until the eldest boy falls in love with a deaf girl .'] ["After his plane goes down, an American boy is rescued from the sea by a Japanese fisherman and his family. When police arrive in the village, the fisherman's son fears that they have done something wrong. He and the American boy go on the run. They meet interesting people and have many adventures, travelling across the country and eluding the police, who are searching for the American boy."] ['The film begins in 1988 while the Soviet bloc is beginning to disintegrate. František Louka, a middle-aged Czech man dedicated to bachelorhood and the pursuit of women, is a concert cellist struggling to make out a living by playing funerals at the Prague crematorium. He has lost his previous job at the Czech Philharmonic due to having been half-accidentally blacklisted as "politically unreliable" by the authorities. A friend offers him a chance to earn a great deal of money through a sham marriage to a Russian woman to enable her to stay in Czechoslovakia. The woman then uses her Czechoslovak citizenship to emigrate and join her boyfriend in West Germany. Due to a concurrence of circumstances, she has to leave behind her Russian-speaking five-year-old son, Kolya, for the disgruntled Czech musician to look after. At first Louka and Kolya have communication difficulties, as they don\'t speak each other\'s languages and the many false friend words that exist in Czech and Russian add to the confusion. Gradually, though, a bond forms between Louka and Kolya. The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics. Louka is threatened with imprisonment for his suspect marriage and the child may be placed in a Russian children\'s home. The Velvet Revolution intervenes though, and Kolya is reunited with his mother. Louka and Kolya say their goodbyes.'] ["Kwita , Omar , Boubker  and Ali Zaoua  are homeless boys living in Casablanca. The boys were in a gang led by Dib , but decide to rebel against him under Ali's guidance. However, Ali is killed by members of the gang while he is hired as a cabin boy on a ship, and the other boys decide to give him a proper funeral. Kwita sits in a cemetery where his lack of religious training is criticized {{clarify}}, while Omar briefly returns to Dib's gang. Boubker, the smallest and most vulnerable of the boys, threatens to kill himself but recovers his sense of self and helps the old fisherman on his boat."] ['The film is set in a Kurdish refugee camp on the Iraqi-Turkish border on the eve of the US invasion of Iraq. Thirteen-year-old Satellite  is known for his installation of dishes and antennae for local villages who are looking for news of Saddam Hussein and for his limited knowledge of English. He is the dynamic, but manipulative leader of the children, organizing the dangerous but necessary sweeping and clearing of the minefields. The industrious Satellite arranges trade-ins for unexploded mines. He falls for an orphan named Agrin , a sad-faced girl traveling with her disabled, but smart brother Hengov, who appears to have the gift of clairvoyance, making people think he can predict the future. The siblings care for a blind toddler named Riga, who is the son of Agrin after being gang raped by soldiers in their previous village.'] ['Tibetan Buddhist monks from a monastery in Bhutan, led by Lama Norbu , are searching for a child who is the rebirth of a great Buddhist teacher, Lama Dorje . Lama Norbu and his fellow monks believe they have found a candidate for the child in whom Lama Dorje is reborn: an American boy named Jesse Conrad , the young son of an architect and a teacher who live in Seattle. The monks come to Seattle in order to meet the boy. Jesse is fascinated with the monks and their way of life, but his parents, Dean  and Lisa , are wary, and that wariness turns into near-hostility when Norbu announces that he would like to take Jesse back with him to Bhutan to be tested. Dean changes his mind however, when one of his close friends and colleagues commits suicide because he went broke. Dean then decides to travel to Bhutan with Jesse. In Nepal, two children who are also candidates for the rebirth are encountered, Raju  and Gita . Gradually, over the course of the movie, first Jesse\'s mother and then Lama Norbu tell the life story of Prince Siddhartha, reading from a book that Lama Norbu has given to Jesse. In ancient India, a Hindu prince called Siddhartha  turns his back on his comfortable and protected life, and sets out on a journey to solve the problem of universal suffering. As he progresses, he learns profound truths about the nature of life, consciousness, and reality. Ultimately, he battles Mara (a demon representing the [[Ego , who repeatedly tries to divert and destroy Siddhartha. Through concentrated non-attachment and final realization of the illusory nature of his own ego, Siddhartha attains enlightenment and becomes the Buddha. In the final scenes of the movie, it is found that all three children are rebirths of Lama Dorje, separate manifestations of his body , speech , and mind . A ceremony is held and Jesse\'s father also learns some of the essential truths of Buddhism. His work finished, Lama Norbu enters a deep state of meditation and dies. As the funeral ceremony begins, Lama Norbu speaks to the children, seemingly from a higher plane, telling them to have compassion. Just before the credits roll the children are seen distributing his ashes in various places. At the very end of the film credits, the sand mandala that was seen being constructed during the movie is destroyed, "with one swift stroke."'] ['Akeelah Anderson  attends Crenshaw Middle School, a predominantly black school in South Los Angeles. Akeelah is a bright 11-year-old and never makes errors on her spelling tests and doesn\'t really seem to fit in. She lives with her widowed mother, Tanya , her three siblings Kiana, Devon, and Terrence , and her infant niece. Her principal , Mr. Welch and her teacher, Mrs. Cross, recommend her to sign up for the Crenshaw Schoolwide Spelling Bee, which she wins easily by spelling "fanciful". After that, Dr. Joshua Larabee , a visiting English professor and Mr. Welch\'s college friend, tests her with some difficult words and finds that she has the potential to reach the National Spelling Bee, even though she misspells "pulchritude". When Akeelah asks Dr. Larabee to coach her, he rejects her for being rude. Instead, she studies on her own for the district spelling bee. During the bee, her sister Kiana catches one of the other contestants cheating, disqualifying him. This allows Akeelah to take the tenth and final qualifying spot for the regional/state bee by spelling "pastiche", although she spelled a word wrong. She also meets and befriends Javier Mendez , a 12-year-old Mexican-American boy and fellow speller who has a crush on her. Their friendship started when he helped Akeelah pin her number on her shirt, saying that he won\'t "impale her". Javier invites her to join the spelling club at his Woodland Hills middle school. In Woodland Hills, Akeelah meets Dylan Chu ([[Sean Michael , a Chinese American boy who had won second place at the past two national spelling bees. He is contemptuous of her — as well as the other members of the spelling club — and asks her to spell "xanthosis"*. When she starts with a "z", he tells her she needs a coach. At the conclusion of the spelling club meeting, Javier invites Akeelah to his birthday party, where she has her first kiss with him; Javier plays it off by saying he only kissed her out of impulse, and jokingly asks if she plans to sue him for sexual harassment. Dylan plays Scrabble with Akeelah and several other guests. Akeelah almost defeats Dylan, but loses by just two points. She later overhears Dylan\'s father  reprimanding him for nearly losing to "a little black girl" and insisting he must win first place. Tanya, still depressed at her husband\'s death and concerned for her daughter\'s grades and frequent truancy, forbids Akeelah from participating in the state bee. Akeelah responds by forging her father\'s signature on the consent form. She memorizes all the winning words from past spelling bees and works with Dr. Larabee, learning not only words but life lessons as well. After an intense discussion with Dr. Larabee and Mr. Welch, Tanya relents, asking Akeelah how she thinks she should be punished. Akeelah suggests not being allowed to continue in the bee, which her mother says would not be a punishment to Akeelah, but to the two men who worked hard to sponsor her. Akeelah then suggests double her amount of chores for a month, which her mother accepts, but instead makes three months. In the meantime, Javier has fought an inspired delaying action to prevent Akeelah\'s disqualification; he walks very slowly to the microphone, and asks for his word, "ratatouille", to be repeated five times, defined and used in a sentence several times; he even asks for it to be used in a song. Dylan finishes first, Javier second, and Akeelah third; they all advance to the Scripps National Spelling Bee. As Christmas approaches, Akeelah goes out to buy Dr. Larabee a present, not knowing that he plans to give up coaching her because she reminds him too much of his deceased daughter Denise . Instead, he gives Akeelah 5,000 flashcards to study. Without her coach, Akeelah loses her motivation. She is rejected by her best friend, Georgia, and feels the pressure from her neighborhood to do them proud. But after her mom tells her that if she looked around her, she had "50,000 coaches", Akeelah recruits neighborhood coaches, including her family members, classmates, teacher, friends, and her neighbor Derrick T , and prepares in earnest. After reuniting with Dr. Larabee, Akeelah goes to Washington, D.C. with her mother, oldest brother, best friend, principal, and Dr. Larabee, unaware that her coach has paid for four of their tickets. On the plane, Akeelah sits next to Javier, who has an aversion to heights, and kisses him on the cheek. Akeelah and Georgia rekindle their friendship after she invites Georgia to accompany her to Washington D.C.At the competition, her performance is solid and steady, much of it thanks to her "jump rope" strategy from Dr. Larabee. With only a few stumbles, she is smiled on as a crowd favorite. Javier and Dylan also compete; Javier is eliminated on "Merovingian" which he spells Marovingian, finishing 5th, and begins rooting for Akeelah. The other finalists, Mary Calveretti and Rajeeve Subramonian misspell "mithridatism" and "vitrophyre," respectively. Finally, it is down to Dylan and Akeelah, and the two finalists are allowed a brief break before continuing with the 25 championship words. During the break, Akeelah overhears Dylan\'s father warning him that if he gets second place this year, his last chance at becoming middle-school champion, he will be second place for life. Akeelah attempts to throw the competition by deliberately misspelling "xanthosis" by spelling it with a "z" instead of an "x." Dylan, knowing that Akeelah deliberately misspelled the word, intentionally misspells it as well by spelling it with "ses" instead of "sis." While the judging board discusses this unlikely occurrence, Dylan tells Akeelah that he only wants to win fair and square, scoffing his father\'s do-or-die attitude. They both go word for word up to number 24. Dylan correctly spells "logorrhea", earning him at least a share of first place, and Akeelah spells "pulchritude" correctly to become co-champion. As she does so, Akeelah has a vision of relatives, neighbors, and Mr. Welch each contributing one letter to the word. Her victory raises cheers from Washington, D.C. to California with Akeelah and Dylan holding the trophy together.'] ["The movie starts with an adoption ceremony presided over by five old women , in a village in Kyrgyzstan. The movie then flashes forward a decade or so to show the coming of age of the adopted child - Beshkempir. He is shown indulging in childhood pranks and activities with friends in a rural setting, like stealing honey from beehives and going to watch screened Hindi movies. However, approaching adolescence leads the boys to spy on a village woman's breasts, make clay models of the female form and pretend to make love and eye girls. Beshkempir is even shown as the message carrier between an older boy and his girlfriend. Rivalry over a girl Aynura leads to Beshkempir's friend divulging the fact of his adoption to Beshkempir by calling Beshkempir a foundling, who had been unaware of his roots till then. Even though his grandmother denies the story, Beshkempir is upset, and this leads to numerous scuffles with his friend. Hostility is also shown between Beshkempir's adoptive mother and his friend's mother on numerous occasions, culminating in the friend's mother coming to Beshkempir's house to complain about Beshkempir beating up his son. Beshkempir's adoptive father beats Beshkempir over the incident, who runs away and joins a fisherman. Meanwhile, Beshkempir's grandmother dies and asks that Beshkempir be told the truth in her will. Beshkempir is located and brought home, and is reconciled with adoptive family and friends. The funeral ceremony shows Beshkempir suddenly growing up by giving the customary speech at the funeral where he pledges to repay his grandmother's debts  and to forgo any outstanding debts to his grandmother. The film ends with Beshkempir courting Aynura and a brief shot of an engagement ceremony."] ['The story revolves around a blind boy named Mohammed who is released from his special school in Tehran for summer vacation. His father, shamed and burdened by Mohammed\'s blindness, arrives late to pick him up and then tries to convince the headmaster to keep Mohammed over the summer. The headmaster refuses, so Mohammed\'s father eventually takes him home. Mohammed\'s father, who is a widower, now wants to marry a local girl and is preparing for the wedding. He approaches the girl\'s parents with gifts and they give him approval. He tries to hide the fact that he has a blind son because he fears the girl\'s family will see that as a bad omen. Meanwhile, Mohammed happily roams around the beautiful hills of his village with his sisters. He touches and feels the nature around him, counting the sounds of animals, and imitating them. He displays a unique attitude towards nature, and seems to understand its rhythms and textures as a language. Mohammed goes to the local school with his sisters and reads the lessons from his textbook in Braille, which amazes the children and the teacher. Fearing his bride-to-be\'s family will learn of Mohammed, his father takes him away and leaves him with a blind carpenter who agrees to make him an apprentice. The blind carpenter mentors the boy, who wants to see God. Mohammad says God doesn’t love him and thus made him blind and tells him how his teacher told him that since they are blind, God loves them more. He also tells him that God is everywhere and that you can feel God. The carpenter then just says that he agrees with his teacher and walks away, possibly affected by the boy\'s words, as he himself is blind. Mohammed\'s grandmother is heartbroken when she realizes that Hashem  has given him away to a blind carpenter and she falls ill. She leaves the family home but Hashem tries to convince her to stay back, questioning his destiny, wondering why he lost his father as a young boy, asking why God has taken away his wife and cursed him with a blind boy, and asking his mother what she did for him. Mohammed\'s grandmother faints on her way so Hashem carries her back home. Eventually Mohammed\'s grandmother dies. The bride\'s family sees this as a bad omen and the wedding is called off. His hopes destroyed, Mohammed’s father decides to bring him back. The film shows glimpses of shame and pity that Hashem felt for himself and his son all along. He goes to the blind carpenter and takes back Mohammed. He sets Mohammed on the family horse and begins leading it back to their village. On the way, they cross a small, wooden bridge which collapses, plunging the horse and Mohammed into the rushing water. For a moment his father stands still, debating whether to rescue his son or finally be free of this lifelong burden. Moments later he makes his decision and dashes into the river. He and Mohammed are carried away by the roaring water. As the film ends, Mohammed\'s father wakes up on the shore of the Caspian Sea and finds Mohammed lying motionless a short distance away. He takes the body and cries, but in the final moments of the story, the boy\'s fingers begin moving, in the way they would when he was "reading" nature. The hand glows in the light of dawn, a sign, perhaps, that Mohammed is now experiencing God and paradise. In the ending scene, you can hear the sound of a woodpecker. Mohammad is "reading" the sound with his fingers as if they are Brail dots. Maybe he thinks the woodpecker is giving clues about "the color of God".'] ["The film begins in 1899, with the grandfather of Oskar Matzerath, the main character, being pursued by the police through rural Kashubia. Hiding underneath the skirts of a young woman named Anna Bronski, whom he later marries and conceives a daughter - Oskar's mother - with, he evades the authorities until he drowns trying to escape them. As time goes by, Anna's daughter Agnes develops an incestuous affair with her cousin Jan Bronski, a worker in the Polish Post Office, until she is introduced to the charismatic Alfred Matzerath while serving as a nurse during World War I. The two men become firm friends, albeit love rivals, and later Agnes gives birth to a son, Oskar. Oskar has an adult mentality since birth and upon hearing from Alfred that he will inherit his grocery shop when he is an adult, he decides to stop growing by the age of three. On Oskar's third birthday he is given a tin drum, something that will remain with him for the rest of the film. Oskar throws himself down the cellar stairs, strangely injuring himself, and from that day on he does not grow any older. It is discovered that Oskar has the ability to shatter glass with his voice, which he uses to cause disruption whenever he is upset. Oskar uses his drum for similar purposes, such as disrupting a Nazi rally. During a visit to the circus, Oskar is introduced to Bebra, a performing dwarf whom Oskar can relate to. When the four are on an outing to the beach, they see an eel-picker at work, a sight that makes Agnes repeatedly vomit. Alfred buys some of the eels and a confrontation begins when he insists that she eat them, ultimately leading to Agnes developing a strange addiction to raw fish, from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies. At his mother's funeral, Oskar witnesses an antisemitic assault on Sigismund Markus, the Jewish toymaker who supplies him with drums; Nazism is on the rise, and the Jewish and Polish residents of Danzig are under increasing pressure from the German community. Markus commits suicide during Kristallnacht, when his shop is attacked by SA men, and synagogues are burned down. On the 1st of September 1939, Oskar, while looking for the Polish caretaker Kobyella, who can repair his drum, unwittingly leads Jan into the Polish Post Office, which is about to join an armed standoff against the SS by the Polish workers. During the battle, Kobyella is shot while fetching a new drum for Oskar, and Jan is wounded. They withdraw to the storeroom and play Skat until Kobyella eventually dies and the Germans capture the building. Oskar is taken home as Jan is arrested and eventually executed. Despite the recent turbulence, Alfred's shop resumes business normally and he employs the fifteen-year-old Maria as housekeeper. Oskar seduces Maria and impregnates her, later irritated at her to find out that she is having an affair with Alfred. Oskar also has a brief sexual relationship with Lina Greff, the wife of the local grocer and scoutmaster. During World War II, Oskar come across Bebra again, and he meets Roswitha, a new member of his troupe. Oskar decides to join Bebra's team, using his glass-shattering voice as part of the act. Oskar and Roswitha begin a romantic affair which is cut short when she is killed by artillery fire during the Allied invasion of Normandy while on tour in France. After a lift back to Danzig with the team, Oskar bids farewell and returns home. Much of the city has been destroyed and the Russians are fast approaching. Oskar meets his now three-year-old son Kurt, to whom he gives a tin drum much like his own. As the Russians finally enter the city, the family are hiding in the cellar when a group of Russian soldiers break in and gang-rape Lina. Alfred is killed by a Mongolian soldier after choking violently on his Nazi party pin-badge in an attempt to swallow it. During Alfred's burial when the war is over, Oskar decides that he will now grow up and throw away his drum. As he does, Kurt throws a stone at his head and he is knocked unconscious, a catalyst that causes him to start growing again. Soon afterwards, all of the family apart from Anna Bronski are deported from the city, which is to be re-occupied only by Poles. As the train leaves, the film ends as it begins; with Anna Bronski sitting in her potato field, watching the train go by."] ['The film\'s young protagonists, Jean Louise "Scout" Finch  and her brother Jem , live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s. The story covers three years, during which Scout and Jem undergo changes in their lives. They begin as innocent children, who spend their days happily playing games with each other and spying on Arthur "Boo" Radley , who has not been seen for many years by anybody as a result of never leaving his house and about whom many wicked rumours circulate. Their father, Atticus , is a town lawyer and has a strong belief that all people are to be treated fairly, to turn the other cheek, and to stand for what you believe. He also allows his children to call him by his first name. Through their father\'s work as a lawyer, Scout and Jem begin to learn of the racism and evil prevalent in their town, and mature painfully and quickly as they are exposed to it. The kids follow Atticus to watch a rape trial, in which an innocent black man, Tom Robinson, is wrongfully found guilty of raping Mayella Ewell, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . Atticus also brings to light the alarmingly unusual and suspicious fact that the girl had not even been examined by a doctor after the supposed assault to check for signs of rape or to determine if her hymen was even broken, and even after Atticus\' earnest pleas to the jury for them to cast aside their prejudices against blacks and instead to focus on the evidence of Tom\'s obvious innocence. Tom is doomed, however, when he takes the stand in his own defense and reveals that he felt pity for the victim due to her circumstances. Atticus arrives home to find out that Robinson has been killed in an attempt to escape from jail. Atticus is subsequently vilified by some of the locals for his having defended a black man, and the whole town is in quite a stir over the matter for a good while. After a few months, things appear to have settled down, and Scout goes to a Halloween pageant with Jem. On their way home that night, Scout and Jem are attacked by the vengeful Bob Ewell, the drunkard father  of the girl whom Tom Robinson had been falsely accused of molesting. Mr. Ewell slashes at Scout with a knife, but the chicken-wire framework of her Halloween costume protects her from the blade. During the struggle, Jem is knocked unconscious and his arm is broken, but then Bob Ewell is overpowered and killed by a tall dark figure that suddenly appears on the scene. Scout sees the whole thing from a small view hole in her ham costume that she is still wearing. Jem is carried home by this mysterious man who turns out to be the previously-mentioned Arthur "Boo" Radley, and afterwards it is revealed that Boo — in caring appreciation for Scout and Jem\'s not having taunted and shunned him the way other townspeople had done — had for a long time assumed the role of the children\'s guardian angel, often secretly watching over and following a distance behind Scout and Jem when they were out at night, to help them and protect them from harm. The film ends with Scout considering the past three years\' events from Boo\'s point of view, and Atticus watching over the sleeping Jem.'] ["Saint Monica is the story of a young girl who is intrigued with her Roman Catholic upbringing. Monica likes to play with angel and Blessed Virgin Mary figurines the way other girls play with dolls. She sneaks out of the house to go to church. Set in Toronto's Portuguese-Canadian community, Monica lives with her mother Icelia  and lethargic uncle Albert  in a basement suite. Icelia has just gotten out of an abusive relationship and has recently moved to a new neighborhood to avoid her ex. Genevieve Buechner plays the title character, a lonely and less-than-saintly 10-year-old girl. Her uncle is in charge of watching her while her mom is at work, which is most of the time. Albert hates looking after his niece and would rather watch movies in peace. One day, Monica blackmails him into giving her a ride to her old church. She finds them in the midst of organizing their annual procession and, even though she wasn't invited, she sneaks in. When she lived in her old neighborhood she had her heart set on playing an angel in her church's parade. Unfortunately, since she moved away, she is not allowed to participate anymore. Left without a place in the procession, the distraught girl steals a pair of archangel wings from the church's costume department as compensation--only to lose them on the streetcar home. A little searching reveals them to have landed in the hands of a homeless woman named Mary ; Mary is also obsessed with collecting religious artifacts. She spends her time reciting Hail Marys and challenging her faith in a God by crossing busy lanes of traffic while clad in the wings. Mary's importance to Monica is obvious as she is the one who has the young girl's wings. After they form a bond that goes beyond friendship, it's a certainty that she's also a mentor. With Mary in the picture, Monica is better in touch with herself but she's also getting into more trouble. The rest of the movie concerns the girl's lies to cover up her deeds, her attempts to recover the wings in time to return them, and her unique relationship with Mary."] ["The film is set in 1915, during World War I. Heidi , now 15 years old, still lives on the Swiss Alps with her Grandfather. She receives an invitation from Madame Jane Hillary , the headmistress of Brookings School for Girls in Italy, to join her school. Heidi has the means to go, as she has just received an inheritance from her friend Klara's grandmother. Grandfather  wants Heidi to make the most of the opportunity so she will be able to take care of herself when he's gone. Heidi is at first reluctant to leave, but when she learns that her sweetheart Peter  has joined the army, she decides to accept the invitation. Heidi is at first unable to adapt to modern life at the school, often clashing with her more sophisticated classmate Ursula . Heidi's only friend is Ilsa , and she also has the kind support of Madame Hillary. The Italian troupes arrive at the school with a letter from the Governor, declaring that they have to give up the building to be used as a military post. All the girls are fetched by their families, except for four: Heidi, Ursula, Ilsa and Gudrun . Hillary is happy to care for the four girls, but the unscrupulous owner of the town orphanage, Signor Bonelli , claims the girls for his orphanage. Hillary is forced to give them up as Bonelli has the support of the Governor. The four girls find that the orphanage is a run-down and cruel place where all the children are forced into labour. Heidi wants to escape, but Ursula insists that Madame Hillary will come for them. Hillary does attempt to get the children, but is blocked by Bonelli. Heidi eventually learns through another orphan, Clarissa , that they can escape through the drain. The four Brookings girls, Clarissa, and another orphan named Giovanni  escape through the drain and hitch a ride on a cart for the countryside. Signor Bonelli chases after them and manages to catch Giovanni. The five girls escape through the forest and head for the mountains to cross over into Switzerland, briefly crossing paths with soldiers that are travelling on horseback. Hillary learns of the girls' sighting through the soldiers and, knowing that Heidi would lead the girls to her Grandfather, decides to go to the Alps herself. Grandfather learns of the girls' crossing through Peter, and asks that he find and bring them across safely. The girls go through the mountains, and are found by Peter, who has brought them food. He leaves them the next morning to get a sled, and while he is gone, Signor Bonelli catches up with them. He intends to fake an accident with all the girls falling off the mountain, knowing that if they speak the truth of the orphanage's conditions, his reputation will be ruined. Heidi manages to call Peter, and he arrives in time to save them. The group cross the mountains successfully. Heidi is reunited with Grandfather, and the Brookins girls are reunited with Hillary. The films ends with a Christmas dinner with Grandfather, Hillary, Peter and all the girls. Clarissa is to be adopted by Grandfather, Signor Bonelli's orphanage is closed, but war is still on. Peter declares he has to leave, but he promises to return to Heidi."] ['Dede Tate  is a single mother, a working-class woman of average intelligence raising her seven-year-old son, Fred , who shows every indication of being a genius. Fred\'s reading and mathematics abilities are remarkable, and he plays the piano "at competition level," but his intellect isolates him from his public school classmates. Fred\'s intellect comes to the attention of Jane Grierson , a former music prodigy and now a psychologist running a school for gifted children. She seeks permission from Dede to admit Fred to the school in order to develop his intellectual gifts in a way that a public school cannot. Dede is reluctant, preferring that Fred have a normal upbringing but when no one comes to Fred\'s seventh birthday party, Dede consents. Fred fits in better at the institute, and he meets one of his heroes who is one of Jane\'s prized pupils, the brilliant but slightly bizarre "Mathemagician" Damon Wells , a whiz at math who wears a black cape wherever he goes. After unintentionally upstaging Damon at a competition for gifted youth, Fred is enrolled at a university where he studies quantum physics while his mother and her sister and cousins travel to Florida for the summer. Jane attempts to become more nurturing, but is unable to relate to Fred as anything other than a case study. Fred meets Eddie , a student in his 20s, but their relationship sours after Eddie tells him that their age difference is too great for them to be friends. Fred\'s isolation wears on him and he begins to experience nightmares and disturbing images. Jane is asked to bring Fred onto a panel discussion show on the topic of gifted children, but Fred breaks down. He claims his mother is dead, and recites a childish poem  before taking off his microphone and walking out of the studio. Dede witnesses some of this as it is broadcast and flies back to New York. Jane is unable to find Fred, but Dede discovers him back at their apartment and embraces him. One year later, Fred has adjusted to the pressures of being a child genius, particularly after an even younger student is admitted to Jane\'s school. Dede hosts a well attended birthday party for him, reconciling Fred\'s emotional development with his intellect.'] ['A family is given a puppy for a year to undergo domestic training to became a help dog for the disabled. The young daughter in the household becomes a best friend of the puppy and finds it difficult to be parted from him when the time is up for him to leave.'] ['The film focuses on 10-year-old Devon Stockard , a precocious and lonely young girl who has recently moved into a gated community called Camelot Gardens with her parents, Morton and Clare . Recently having recovered from open heart surgery, Devon is encouraged by her parents to make friends, and she is pushed to sell cookies for a charity event for the summer. While selling cookies, Devon leaves the gated community against the instruction of her mother, and meets Trent Burns , a poor man who lives in a trailer in the woods, and who does landscaping work in Camelot Gardens. An imaginative child, Devon imagines her life to be like the fable of Baba Yaga, a fairytale which the film makes parallels to. Devon, at first an annoyance to Trent, continues to come to his property and slowly befriends him; despite the innocence of their friendship, he insists that she keep it a secret due to their age difference. While working in Camelot Gardens, Trent begins having altercations with two young men who live there; Brett , who is having an affair with Devon\'s mother; and Sean , a closeted gay man who flirts with Trent. During a family barbecue, Brett attempts to molest Devon in the garage, but she escapes. She tells her parents about the incident, but then insists that Brett was only trying to tickle her. Clare begins to notice Devon\'s apparent friendship with Trent when he comes to do lawn work at their house, and becomes alarmed. Meanwhile, Brett and Sean terrorize Trent by pouring sugar in the fuel tank of his lawnmower and start a fight with him after they wrongfully believe he stole CDs from Sean\'s car. Devon and Trent\'s friendship continues to grow, and the two go to visit Trent\'s mother  and his father , a Korean War veteran who is dying of a lung disease. After leaving Trent\'s parents\' house, Trent and Devon go for a drive in the country. While stopped in a field, Devon insists that since the two are "best friends", she can show him her surgical scar on her chest. She asks him to touch it to his reluctance, and then demands that he show her his abdominal scar which he sustained in a shooting. After showing each other their scars, the two see Sean\'s dog running through the field, having escaped. While trying to chase the dog down in the truck, they accidentally run him over. Trent kills the badly-injured dog in spite of Devon\'s pleads for him not to, and she runs home in a panic over the incident. Clare and Morton, concerned over Devon\'s frantic behavior, ask her what happened, but she refuses to provide details, only saying that Trent killed Sean\'s dog and mentions that she and Trent took turns showing each other their scars. Assuming that Trent molested her, Morton drives out to Trent\'s property with Devon, assisted by Sean and an ex-cop who is a security guard in Camelot Gardens. The three men confront Trent while Devon sits in the car. Morton and Sean take turns beating Trent, and Morton accuses him of raping Devon. Morton attacks Trent with a piece of wood, beating him to the ground, and hands it to Sean; but before Sean can hit him, Devon exits the car with her father\'s handgun, obtained from the glovebox, and shoots Sean in the abdomen. As Sean bleeds to death on the ground, Devon urges Trent to leave, and they say their goodbyes. Armed with her father\'s gun, Devon orders her dad to lift her up into a tree that she and Trent had decorated with ribbons, and she imagines a river and a forest rising up behind Trent as he drives away, protecting him as he escapes.'] ['Seven years after World War II, a 12-year old boy named David  escapes a Stalinist labor camp in Bulgaria where he has spent his entire life. He sets out on a risky journey to Denmark, initially believing he is on an important mission to deliver a letter, but eventually discovering that the "mission" was to reunite him with his mother, of whom he only has faint memories. Along his journey, he faces danger, fear, loneliness, hunger, and encounters various people. Johannes , his friend and mentor in the camp, who prepares him for escape, is killed by a guard, leaving David to face escape on his own. David is helped by a guard to escape, who gives him a compass and tells him he must go southwest to Greece, take a boat to Italy and finally go north to Denmark, a peaceful and neutral country. Since David was locked in a camp all his life, he has repressed feelings and trusts no one, and so feels lost and disoriented in the world. Along his journey, though he is mistreated by some people, he is well-treated by others. Gradually he learns that some people can be trusted, and to open up and experience his own feelings. Finally, with the help of decent people whom he has learned to trust, David and his mother are reunited.'] ["The film stars Wendy Hughes and Robyn Nevin as two sisters who are locked in a custody battle over their young nephew, PS, played by Nicholas Gledhill. PS has been raised by his aunt Lila  and her husband George since his mother died soon after his birth. When Lila's richer sister Vanessa returns from overseas, she seeks custody of PS, citing the opportunities she can give him."] ["Andrea Dowd , a single parent, is struggling to raise her ten-year-old son, Joshua . Andrea's concerned about Joshua's interests. Instead of wanting to be on the school wrestling team, Joshua strives to be on the cheerleading squad. When students are told to come to school dressed as an influential role model, Joshua chooses Maria von Trapp. The film explores Andrea's internal battle of wanting her son to be normal, and embracing his individuality and accepting him how he is.Official Website/StoryFandango"] ['The story begins with Nicolas at ten years old and dreading the school ski trip. Nicolas was worried that he wouldn\'t fit in with the other boys. His overprotective father decides to take Nicolas by himself instead of going with the group. En route, Nicolas and his father pass the aftermath of an apparently fatal car accident. Seeing police ahead while the traffic had stopped, Nicolas\' father becomes nervous and conceals all loose items within the car in the trunk – and we see that Nicolas\' travel bag is next to several matching briefcases. Nicolas subsequently forgets his bag in his father\'s car, increasing his awkwardness. He is befriended by Hodkann, another pupil. One of Nicolas main fears is wetting his bed, and the situation gets worse when he gets a bed just above Hodkann. At night Nicolas tries to stay awake but falls asleep, waking up from a wet dream but believing he has wet his pants. He leaves his bed to clean his clothes and while returning he discovers it snowing outside. Nicolas goes outside into the freezing cold and ends up locked out, and in desperation curls up inside the car of his ski instructor, Patrick. Before he drifts off to sleep he sees a van driving away. He is found in the morning by Patrick and is taken in to a study with a fever. Later that day he goes to a café while the other boys are skiing. While in the café, police come looking for René, a young boy who is missing. That night while sleeping he has a nightmare. He dreams that he is at a theme park with Hodkann and Patrick and that he goes on a giant caterpillar while his little brother is looked after by another seemingly friendly man. Once he is on the caterpillar he sees his brother being walked to a white van by the stranger. Later he is found outside the park after having one of his organs taken. The dream is poignant because Nicolas, months before, had not been allowed to go on a similar ride because it would have meant leaving one of the brothers with a stranger. After declining the strangers offer to watch the brother, Nicolas\' father explained what sometimes happens to children in public places when their parents lose sight of them. At the end of the story Nicolas finds that his father was not in an accident as he had day dreamed, but rather that his father was a "monster" and possibly abused children. . The movie ends with Nicolas being driven to his mothers home by Patrick, with the fate of his father and the friendship between Nicolas and Hodkann left to the viewers imagination.'] ['Lewellen lives with her stern, religious grandmother, Grannie, who has taken it upon herself to raise the girl, as neither of Lewellen\'s parents can provide her a stable home. Her father, Lou, loves her and tries to please her, giving her gifts such as Elvis Presley recordings. Although he battles with alcoholism, he tries his best to give Lewellen a stable home. He even tries to provide a motherly figure in Lewellen\'s life by dating a mysterious girlfriend, Ellen, who promised one night to rescue Lewellen from life in the rural South should the relationship falter. We later learn that Ellen is in fact Lewellen\'s aunt, her mother\'s sister. Lewellen is able to maintain her innocence by finding consolation in playing with her best friend Buddy, idling away her last preteen summer with typical outdoor rural pastimes such as swimming in the pond and exploring the woods, meeting a new friend, Grasshopper, while spending the summer with her grandparents. Lewellen is enchanted by her idol, Elvis Presley, who is making a homecoming tour in the South. Her town is one of the venue stops. Lewellen finds that singing Elvis\' music is a way to channel her trauma into something constructive and creative. Charles  acts as a mentor, imparting wisdom of his snake handler religion to explain this emotional channeling to her; in other words, how to create something positive out of something venomous and deadly. Lewellen is challenged by many problems besides living in a "broken home". Ellen leaves one day and breaks Lewellen\'s heart, burdening her with the responsibility to be a "mother" despite not having one herself. Her father suffers a terrible accident, and is handicapped to the point of infantile retardation, but the thought of Elvis coming to town gives her the resolve to carry on despite this newest of many traumatic circumstances. Buddy tells Lewellen that Wooden\'s Boy has an Elvis ticket and is willing to give it to her if she does her Elvis dance for him naked. When she finds out the deal, she for a moment questions doing such an act. She then agrees to do so, before Wooden\'s Boy rapes her. The sexual assault causes life-threatening emotional trauma, that manifests as an illness. Her loved ones, Charles and Grannie, are distressed by her sudden decline in health. In fits of feverish illness she hallucinates she is being attacked by venomous snakes, and she also vomits after church. Enraged by hearing the cause of Lewellen\'s descent into figurative hell, Charles resolves to rescue his young friend from the depths of despair and tries to help her reclaim her stolen paralyzed voice by encouraging her to sing "Hound Dog". He nurses her back to health. Ellen soon returns to the town to keep her promise to Lewellen. Lewellen bids farewell to her father and departs for a better life with her new mother.'] ['The film is set during the 1984–1985 UK miners\' strike, and centres on the character of 11-year-old Billy Elliot , his love of dance and his hope to become a professional ballet dancer. Billy lives with his widowed father, Jackie ([[Gary Lewis , and older brother, Tony , both coal miners out on strike, and also his invalid Nan , who once aspired to be a professional dancer in Durham. Jackie takes Billy to the Sports Centre to learn boxing, but Billy dislikes the sport. He happens upon a ballet class that is using the gym while their usual basement studio in the Sports Centre is temporarily being used as a soup kitchen for the striking miners. Unknown to Jackie, Billy joins the ballet class. When Jackie discovers this, he forbids Billy to take any more ballet. But, passionate about dancing, Billy secretly continues lessons with his dance teacher Sandra Wilkinson\'s  help. Mrs. Wilkinson believes Billy is talented enough to study at the Royal Ballet School in London, but due to Tony\'s arrest during a skirmish between police and striking miners, Billy misses the audition. Mrs. Wilkinson tells Jackie about the missed opportunity, but fearing that Billy will be considered a "poof", both Jackie and Tony are outraged at the prospect of Billy becoming a professional ballet dancer. Over Christmas, Billy learns his best friend, Michael is gay. Although Billy is not, he is supportive of his friend. Later, Jackie catches Billy dancing in the gym and realises his son is truly gifted; he will do whatever it takes to help Billy attain his dream. Jackie attempts to cross the picket line to pay for the trip to London, but Tony blocks him. Instead, his fellow miners and the neighbourhood raise some money,and Jackie sells Billy\'s mum\'s jewelry to cover the cost and Jackie takes him to London to audition for the Royal Ballet School. Though highly nervous, Billy performs well, but he punches another boy in his frustration at the audition and the fear that he has ruined his chance of attaining his dream. He is sternly rebuked by the review board. Seemingly rejected, Billy returns home with his father. Sometime later, he receives a letter accepting him to the Royal Ballet School, and he leaves home to attend. The film\'s final scene is set fourteen years later : the mature Billy (dancer/actor [[Adam Cooper  takes the stage to perform the lead in Matthew Bourne\'s Swan Lake, as Jackie, Tony, and Michael watch in the audience.'] ["The story follows a group of six teenaged boys, who share a cabin at a residential summer camp in the western mountains. Each of the boys is a misfit in one way or another; the group is ostracized by the other boys at the camp, and form a bond based, in part, on this broader social isolation. After being taken on a field trip to see a captured herd of bison that is being slaughtered by local hunters, the boys resolve to sneak away from the camp and set the penned bison free. The film is presented partially out of sequence; the primary narrative of freeing the bison is interspersed with flashback scenes showing the boys' troubled lives both at the camp, and at their homes."] ['{{plot}} The main narrative is set in a mythical land where, about 300 years before, two princes named Lock and Delphus fought for their father\'s throne. Although, Lock killed Delphus in single combat, their father\'s kingdom of Vallon was torn into rival nations, Lockland and Delphi. The story flashes forward from this prologue to the eve of Lockland\'s destruction, when the castle is besieged and the crown prince killed by invading Delphites. Against the counsel of the prince\'s sister Amelia , their father, the Locklander king, turns to his chief sorcerer Armand  in despair. The sorcerer convinces the king to give him a handful of his blood with which to animate a stone statue of a gryphon, a flying beast that is the totem of Lockland. Using the blood to bind the gryphon to him, Armand first orders it to break the Delphite siege, then betrays his king and calls it back to attack the Locklanders in a coup. It is seen that the sorcerer suffers the physical effects of any attack against the gryphon, but regenerates almost immediately due to his bond with the beast. Princess Amelia escapes during the takeover and pursues the retreating Locklanders, led the Delphite prince Seth , who had been in the vanguard of the besieging forces. Having inherited the gift of magical visions from his parents, the prince is advised by his mother Cassandra , a sorceress, to seek an artifact called the Draconian Pike, the only weapon that can kill the gryphon. His mother warns him that he must retrieve the two halves of the pike and reassemble it to kill the gryphon before a solar eclipse occurs in two weeks, or Armand will be able to enact a ritual that makes himself and the beast immortal. Amelia and her retinue capture Seth and his man-at-arms, David , during a night raid on their camp in a location called The Valley of the Dead. They locate the haft of the Draconian Pike in a centuries-old temple. Fending off an attack by the gryphon by means of "dragon\'s fire" , they escape and move on to seeking the blade. Meanwhile, Armand attempts to foment mistrust between the two rival nations by killing a Locklander messenger and sending his body to Amelia\'s father, a threat against her life magically scored into his chest. The king of Lockland calls for his armor and mounts a counter-invasion of Delphi. Meanwhile, Amelia confronts Seth at knife-point in his tent, demanding that he tell her where the blade is, but she lets her guard down momentarily and he takes advantage, seizing the knife; they fall into an amorous embrace. That same night, Armand sends his two magic-wielding brides, Daphne and Kyra, to seduce one of the Locklander soldiers into stealing the haft piece from Amelia and Seth. When Seth and Amelia find it gone the next morning, they decide to send messengers to their respective parents to muster the combined armies of Lockland and Delphi. Amelia and her remaining knights attack Armand\'s lair, while Seth and his retainer David enter a magically-warded labyrinth to retrieve the blade. The two kings call a truce and their armies prepare for a massed assault, while the gryphon prepares to destroy them. Queen Cassandra of Delphi bids her husband farewell and rides into the deserted stronghold of the enemy. Once Seth retrieves the blade, he rushes to the sorcerer\'s lair to confront him, but finds his path blocked by the sorcerer\'s brides. Cassandra tells her son to leave the sorceresses to her and go to dispatch the gryphon, sacrificing herself in a magical strike against them. Meanwhile, Armand has captured Amelia and killed the Locklander knight champion, and demands that she become his bride. Seth and David arrive and fight with the sorcerer, but soon loses the blade of the Draconian Pike. Assembling the pike, Armand kills David and prepares to kill the Delphite Prince, but is persuaded to spare him by the surrender of Amelia. As the eclipse begins, Armand proclaims that he will soon become an immortal and that his progeny with Amelia will be the new Titans. As he walks away from the defeated Delphite Prince, his hand touches Amelia\'s belly and he realizes that she is already pregnant with the prince\'s child. Furious, he rejects her and prepares to kill them both. A struggle ensues and Armand again knocks the prince to his knees, but is unable to deliver the coup de grace because the Delphite queen\'s spirit still protects her son. The sorcerer calls the gryphon down on the prince, to whom the princess tosses the Draconian Pike. It appears as if Seth is charging for the sorcerer, but instead hops onto a rock and turns just in time to level the pike at the stooping gryphon, impaling it. The gryphon reverts to stone and shatters as it falls to the ground, while the sorcerer dissolves into a pool of blood. The armies of Lockland and Delphi rejoice at their deliverance, cheering as Amelia and Seth raise the reassembled Draconian Pike overhead to symbolize the reunion of the sundered kingdoms of Vallon. In a voice over, Amelia proclaims that the curse of civil war has been lifted.'] ["The film follows three street children, Sugeng, Heru, and Kancil , in their day-to-day lives in Yogyakarta. Although they live in poverty, are from broken homes, and must sell marijuana to survive, they aspire to rise above poverty and hope to receive an education. They are supported by Asih , a saleswoman who lets them stay in her workshop; the children fight over Asih's leaf pillow. The children's lives do not go smoothly. Sugeng dies after attempting to help another street child, while Kancil is decapitated while playing on top of a train. Heru falls victim to an insurance scam, where he is given false identification papers and then killed to collect the premium."] ['Lemuel "Lem" Siddons  is a saxophonist in a traveling band in 1930 who dreams of becoming a lawyer. When the band\'s bus reaches Hickory, a small town, Lem suddenly decides to leave the band and settle down, finding a job as a clerk in the general store. At the civic meeting, Lem notices that Vida Downey , soon to be his future wife, eliminated the YMCA and the 4-H from her list of three possible organizations to keep the town\'s boys off the streets, leaving only the Boy Scouts, and volunteers to become Scoutmaster of newly formed Troop 1. Lem turns out to be an all-around natural leader, and as he becomes more and more involved with the Scout troop, he finds his plans to become a lawyer being put on the back burner while he wins over the town\'s favor a little at a time, even as he encounters life\'s troubles along the way. Lem\'s life became fulfilled helping the town\'s boys, especially former troublemaker Whitey , mature into men.synopsis In appreciation, the entire town gave Lem a surprise celebration on October 2, 1950 , with  all of the Scouts during the twenty years of Troop 1 in attendance.{{cite web}}'] ['Following the loss of his mother in a car crash, T.J  falls into a state of depression. He and his pill popping father Paul  live with T.J.\'s elderly grandmother Madeleine . T.J. is emotionally attached to the wrecked car, follows it to the garage when it is towed away. Chased away from the garage by Dustin, a school bully, T.J. falls off his bicycle and angrily breaks a window of a house under construction. This disturbs a squatting resident named Hesher , who threatens T.J., but when a cop arrives, Hesher tosses an explosive out the window and flees. After school, Dustin finds his car vandalized by an obscene drawing. Dustin assumes T.J. did it and goes after him. Nicole  defends T.J. and gives him a ride home where, to his surprise, Hesher walks in and makes himself at home. Later that night during dinner, Madeleine remarks she would like T.J. to walk with her, and T.J. responds that he has to attend school. Hesher, irritated by T.J.\'s defiance, states in his usual vulgar manner that a walk with his grandmother is more important than school. The next day at school, Dustin attacks T.J.. Hesher appears, but he does not defend him. After school, Paul takes T.J. to group therapy in an attempt to help them through the loss of T.J.\'s mother. T.J. confronts Hesher about not intervening in the bathroom earlier that day. In response, they go to Dustin\'s house where Hesher sets Dustin\'s car on fire and leaves without T.J. The next morning, the police arrive to bring T.J. in for questioning, but no subsequent charges are filed due to lack of evidence. The following day, T.J. goes to the supermarket where Nicole works. After Nicole has finished her shift, Hesher and T.J. follow her in Hesher\'s van, until she hits another vehicle in a rear-end collision. Hesher scares off the other driver by pinning the blame on him, and subsequently offers a ride to Nicole because her car is broken. Once in the van, Hesher takes Nicole and T.J. to "his uncle\'s" house and the three swim. Once there, Hesher vandalizes the place and leaves suddenly. T.J. and Nicole walk back to Nicole\'s car, which has a parking ticket. Later that night, T.J. and Paul get into an argument over dinner. Madeleine is saddened that there is \'nothing she can do\', and goes to her room. Hesher teaches her how to smoke her medical marijuana from a bong, and promises to go on a walk with her in the morning. However, she dies early the next morning. T.J. uses Paul\'s credit card to withdraw money from his account, and tries to use it to buy the wrecked car back, but the owner of the garage tells him that the car is gone. T.J. goes to Nicole\'s apartment to give her the stolen money to help pay her parking ticket, but hears Hesher and Nicole having sex. T.J. is jealous, attacks both Hesher and his van, and rides off on his bike. He goes back to the house, and destroys all of Hesher\'s possessions, and takes a pair of cutting shears. T.J. goes to Dustin\'s house, where he threatens to cut off Dustin\'s toes if he does not tell where the wrecked car is. Dustin tells him that it is in the junk yard, and pins T.J. to the ground. However, Hesher arrives and cuts his nose with the shears. T.J. then goes to the junkyard to sit in the wrecked car and falls asleep in the back seat, dreaming of the car collision that killed his mother. The next morning, as the car is picked up and ready to be crushed, T.J. falls through the windshield. A few hours later, T.J. and Paul attend Madeleine\'s funeral, at which time Hesher tells a story about losing a testicle, but that he later was happy with his other testicle and penis being intact. Since he promised to walk with Madeleine he wheels her casket outside and down the road, an emotional T.J. and Paul join him. The next day, Paul shows T.J. the compacted remains of his mother\'s car that Hesher had procured from the junkyard and placed in the driveway. Hesher has disappeared, after painting on their roof "Hesher was here."'] ['In 1970, Katie Standon , a girl who has been imprisoned in her room  since the age of one, is now 13 years old. Her mother Louise , has taken enough abuse from her domineering husband Wes ; she gets her son, Billy , to help her and Katie escape their home. At a welfare office a social worker notices something peculiar about Katie and guesses her age to be about seven while, in fact, she is thirteen. Katie is taken to Children\'s Hospital, and Louise and Wes find themselves being arrested for "what authorities are calling the worst case of child abuse they\'ve ever seen". Shortly before his trial begins, Wes kills himself. The doctors and psycholinguists investigating the case form the "Katie Team", a group of experts dedicated to helping Katie learn to speak and interact with others. One of the team members, Judy Bingham , a special education teacher, sees Katie as a pawn whom she can use to attain international fame. She claims Katie will make her "the next Anne Sullivan." UCLA graduate student Sandra Tannen  is one of the people who appears to have Katie\'s welfare at heart. Katie comes to live with Dr. Norman Glazer  who works at Children\'s Hospital, and his family, where she stays for four years. His family helps Katie become a civilized human being. Although Katie shows outstanding progress in some things , she never really learns grammatical structure. Meanwhile, Louise has surgery to remove her cataracts and visits Katie off and on. When Katie turns fourteen, the funding for her help is cut off and she returns to Louise\'s care. Soon, it comes to the point where Louise does not know how to handle Katie herself, and Katie gets placed in another foster home. One day, Katie is physically reprimanded for vomiting and responds by never eating or speaking because she was afraid if she opened her mouth she would vomit and be punished again. Sandra does all that she can to make sure that Katie is handled in the proper way and even has Norman help her. Katie is taken back to Children\'s Hospital, and Sandra is suggested by social services to have Katie live with her. Before any decisions are made about this, Louise takes Katie out of the hospital and puts her in another foster home. Sandra isn\'t allowed to say goodbye to Katie. Louise even threatens to take legal action on Sandra if Sandra ever sees Katie again. Sandra finally asks Louise why Katie was placed in extreme isolation before her discovery. Louise tells the entire story; Wes loved his mother very much, and when she died due to an accident, he projected his feelings for her on Katie. After a doctor examined Katie sometime later, she was diagnosed to be retarded and Wes locked her up, afraid that the doctors might take her away. Because Louise was going blind, he took care of Katie. Sandra then leaves the house, running into Judy again. It is now clear that she knew Louise for a long time. Sandra and Judy have a quick argument, after which Judy enters Louise\'s house, leaving Sandra almost crying. At this point, different kinds of footage of Katie appear on screen; Sandra looks at tape recordings of Katie on her TV. She then is seen writing something on a typewriter, while her voice addresses the viewers; she\'s hoping to see Katie once more. The camera then turns to her and her boyfriend, now holding a baby of their own. The screen fades while she sings the "Hush, Little Baby" lullaby. The screen fades, and footage of Katie on the beach can be seen. Messages appear, saying what has happened to everyone after the movie: Judy continues to harass the "Katie Team" until her death in 1988; Louise, who is now once again blind, resides in a South-Californian nursing home; Sandra Tannen is now a professor of linguistics at the UCLA and has two teenage daughters, however, she is still not allowed to have any contact with Katie, who lives in a foster home nearby. The last message before the screen turns black and the credits appear, reads: "Katie\'s inability to master a language proved the legitimacy of the Critical Period Hypothesis".'] ['In the film, Josh Waitzkin\'s family discovers that he possesses a gift for chess and they seek to nurture it. They hire a strict instructor, Bruce Pandolfini  who aims to teach the boy to be as aggressive as chess legend Bobby Fischer. The title of the film is a metaphor about the character\'s quest to adopt the ideal of Fischer and his determination to win at any price. Josh is also heavily influenced by Vinnie, a "speed chess" hustler  whom he met in Washington Square Park. The two coaches differ greatly in their approaches to chess, and Pandolfini is upset that Josh continues to take the advice of Vinnie. The main conflict in the film arises when Josh refuses to adopt Fischer\'s misanthropic frame of reference. Josh then goes on to win on his own terms.'] ['National Velvet is the story of a twelve-year old girl, Velvet Brown , living in Sewels, in Sussex, England, who wins a spirited gelding in a raffle and trains it for the Grand National steeplechase, aided by her father\'s  hired hand, a young drifter, Mi Taylor , who claims to have found Mrs. Brown\'s name and address among his deceased father\'s effects. Mi loathes horses, because while a jockey in Manchester, he caused a collision which resulted in the death of another jockey. The horse is called "The Pie", short for Pirate, the epithet given him by the previous owner due to his misbehavior. Velvet wins The Pie in a raffle and convinces Mi to train them both for the Grand National. The night before the race, Velvet senses that the Latvian jockey hired to ride The Pie doesn\'t believe he can win. Rather than give up the race, Mi imagines he will overcome his fears and ride in the Latvian\'s place. Velvet has other ideas, and in the end masquerades as the jockey herself and rides the horse to victory. Exhausted by the exertion of the five-mile race, Velvet collapses from the horse shortly after the finish, and is disqualified for not staying in the saddle until reaching the enclosure. A doctor discovers the fallen jockey is, in fact, "an adolescent female", and Velvet becomes a media sensation. Velvet declines offers of 5,000 pounds to travel to Hollywood with The Pie to be filmed, as "he wouldn\'t like being looked at." In the final scene of the film, Velvet rides off to reveal to a departing Mi that his father was Mrs. Brown\'s coach in her contest-winning swim across the English Channel as a young woman. The film differs from the book in countless respects, from the colour of the horse and its name  to the appearance of Velvet and her mother, both of whom have been glamourised into very different people. Velvet, in the book, is plain, pale and sickly; her mother weighs 16 stone. The Brown family has also been made to seem more educated and richer in the film version: Mr. Brown is a prosperous butcher while Mrs. Brown, who keeps the books, has won 100 pounds for swimming the English Channel.'] ['The film is set in a small African village. Bila  is a ten year old boy who makes friends with an old woman called Sana , who has been accused of witchcraft by her village, and has become a social outcast. Only Bila is respectful of her, and calls her "Yaaba" . When Bila\'s cousin, Nopoko , falls ill, a medicine man insists that Sana has stolen the girl\'s soul. Sana undergoes a long and grueling journey to find a medicine to save Nopoko\'s life. Sana manages to save Nopoko\'s life, but is still treated as a witch. After Sana dies, the real reason why she is hated in the village is uncovered, but her love and wisdom she invested in Bila and Nopoko lives on.'] ['When the Fabre family move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors, everything seems perfect except for one thing - the youngest child Ludovic is a transgender girl; while she was born biologically male, she knows that she is a girl and wants to live as female. The rest of the family humor her as best they can, rationalizing that Ludovic is only trying to find her identity and will be over it soon. Trouble begins when Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of her father\'s boss, and expresses a desire to marry him when Ludovic is finally "not a boy." When visiting Jérôme\'s house, Ludovic enters his sister\'s room and puts on one of her dresses, not realizing that the sister is deceased and the room was merely kept in memory of her. Jérôme\'s mother sees this and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified. The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the parents of the other students send in a petition to have her expelled. Ludovic\'s father, under strain as an employee of Jérôme\'s father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. After a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts to mend the situation by hiding in a freezer to commit suicide. She is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet him warmly, the father gets fired the next day and finds his house spray painted with graffiti. Ludo runs out of the house saying she got her period. Hannah, Ludovic\'s mother, gets furious at Ludo for saying that. She blames Ludovic for everything that has gone wrong. Hannah wants to set Ludo straight so she cuts her hair to make her look like her brothers. Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother. When Ludo and her grandmother go visit Ludo\'s parents one weekend, the father announces that he has a new job but it\'s out of town, and they have to move. At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Christine "Chris" Delvigne, a female-to-male transgender boy. Chris\'s mother invites Ludovic to Chris\' dress-up birthday party, which she attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in his princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has her friends force Ludo to do so when she refuses. When Ludovic\'s mother sees her in the dress, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting her until the other party guests restrain her. She follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludovic in the picture, running away with a living Barbie-like doll named Pam. When she tries to follow, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Ludovic\'s father assure Ludo that she may wear skirts if she wishes and she in turn assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam.'] ['The movie begins with Marty Preston  explaining the events of the first two adventures that happened in Shiloh, and Shiloh 2: Shiloh Season. Then it shows them at the table when Judd Travers ([[Scott_Wilson_ shows up with dead squirrels, as it is a present for Marty and his family for helping him after his truck accident in the second film. A fearsome Shiloh whines and runs into the kicthen since Shiloh is scared of Judd still. Marty\'s sister, Becky Preston, calls Judd the meanest man since Judd said about him eating dead squirrels all his life. As soon as Judd leaves the Preston\'s house, Louise Preston  explains to her son and Shiloh that she hasn\'t been embarrassed in her whole life. Soon, Marty hears from his two best friends, David Howard and Samantha Wallace, that after a fist fight with a drunken Judd, Judd is charged with murder. Marty brings Judd some squirrel stew and offers to help Judd out, believing that Judd hasn\'t committed murder. Soon after, when Marty is helping Judd build a fence for his hunting dogs, Judd accidentally steps on one of his dog\'s paws. The dog starts attacking Judd, biting his good leg. Judd doesn\'t show any fear, grabbing the dog and swinging him at a fence. Afterwards, when Dara Lynn Preston, another of Marty\'s sisters, falls into a lake, Marty jumps in to save her. Shiloh jumps in to help out, but gets caught in the current, which leads toward Miller Falls. Marty jumps back into the lake to save Shiloh, but gets his foot caught in a branch. Seeing this, Judd jumps off a cliff into the lake to free Marty. Marty explains to Judd that Shiloh was going to go over the waterfall unless he saves him. Judd saves Shiloh and begins a friendship with Marty and Shiloh. The film ends with Marty saying, "If you open your heart, anything is possible."'] ["The film takes place during the 1960s space race between the United States and the Soviet Union. Dr. Wilhelm von Huber , a top NASA scientist, relocates to Cape Canaveral with his 12-year-old son, Billy . Their relationship has become strained in the wake of the recent death of Billy's mother, and the ever-widening gap between father and son has become obvious. Billy finds his father old-fashioned and boring. He wants to lead an exciting life: to be a hero like the astronaut Alan Shepard. However, Billy's life takes an exciting turn when he is hired by Dr. Donni McGuinness , the Director of Veterinary Sciences, to help train the chimpanzees for NASA space missions. Billy begins to develop a close bond with one particular chimp named Mac. With Billy's help and companionship, Mac is chosen to become the first American astronaut launched into space. All seems like a wonderful game until Billy realizes that his new friend is being prepared to be hurled hundreds of miles into orbit on a historical mission - and that someone  at NASA is about to sabotage the mission. Mac's big chance to explore the farthest frontier and hurtle America ahead in the race to space might easily cost him his life."] ['The Empire of Japan had been at war with China since 1937 before declaring war on the United States and the United Kingdom. During the conflict, Jamie Graham, a British upper middle class schoolboy living in Shanghai, is separated from his parents. He spends some time living in his deserted house and eating remnants of food; eventually, he ventures out into the city and finds it bustling with Japanese troops. Jamie is captured along with Basie, an American sailor, who nicknames him "Jim". They are taken to Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center in Shanghai, but are eventually moved to Suzhou Creek Internment Camp. By 1945, a few months before the end of the Pacific War, Jim has established a good living, despite the poor conditions of the camp. He has an extensive trading network, even involving the camp\'s commanding officer, Sergeant Nagata. Dr. Rawlins, the camp\'s British doctor, becomes a father figure to Jim. Through the barbwire fencing, Jim befriends a Japanese teenager, who shares Jim\'s dream of becoming a pilot. Still idolizing Basie, Jim frequently visits him in the American soldiers\' barracks. At one point, Basie charges him to set snare traps outside the wire of the camp and while Jim succeeds, thanks to the help of the Japanese teenager from the other side, the real reason for sending Jim into the marsh was actually to test the area for mines, not to catch game. As a reward, Basie allows him to move into the American barracks with him. Basie then plots to escape. Nagata visits Basie\'s barracks and Nagata beats him severely after discovering a stolen bar of Japanese soap hidden under a table. While Basie is in the infirmary, his possessions are stolen by other men in the camp. One morning at dawn, Jim witnesses a kamikaze ritual of three Japanese pilots at the air base. Overcome with emotion at the solemnity of the ceremony, he begins to sing the Welsh song Suo Gân. Later, the camp comes under attack by a group of American P-51 Mustang fighter aircraft. As a result of the attack, the Japanese decide to evacuate the camp. During the confusion of the attack, Basie escapes, leaving Jim behind, although he had promised to let Jim come with him. The camp\'s population marches through the wilderness, where many die of fatigue, starvation, and disease. During the march, Jim witnesses a flash from the atomic bombing of Nagasaki hundreds of miles away, and later hears news of Japan\'s surrender and the end of the war. Jim sneaks away from the group and goes back to Soochow Creek, nearly dead from starvation. He encounters the Japanese teenager he knew earlier, who has since become a pilot and appears distraught at the surrender of his country. The youth remembers Jim and offers him a mango, cutting it for him with his katana. As Jim is about to eat it, Basie reappears with a group of armed Americans, who have arrived to loot the Red Cross containers that were dropped after the Japanese surrender. One of the Americans, thinking Jim is in danger, shoots and kills the Japanese youth. Jim, furious, beats the American who shot his friend. Basie drags him off and promises to take him back to Shanghai to find his parents, but Jim refuses the offer and stays behind. He is found by American soldiers and put in an orphanage in Shanghai with other children who had lost their parents. When his parents come looking for him, Jim is so scarred from his experiences that he does not recognize them at first.'] ["14-year-old Amelia Michaelson , called Milly, and her family move into a new suburban home shortly after the death of her father. Milly makes friends with her new neighbor Geneva, and Milly and her eight-year-old brother Louis  have difficulty adjusting to their new schools, while their mother Charlene  copes with a demotion at work and her inability to learn how to use a computer. Louis is also plagued by bullies down the street who won't let him get around the block. During the first night at the house, Charlene tells Milly she will need her help to make this work. Milly returns to her bedroom and is talking to her pet bird when something flies past the window, but when Milly goes to investigate she sees nothing. Milly and Geneva observe Eric Gibb , an autistic boy living next door with his alcoholic uncle Hugo . Eric has never spoken a word in his life, doesn't like to be around people and exhibits bizarre behavior related to flying, such as balancing on the roof of his house with his arms spread out like an airplane. Milly hears that Eric's parents died in a plane crash, and that somehow, in the instant of their death, he knew; and that he did the only thing he could think of to try to save them, which was to become an airplane. Later that night, Milly and her family watch as Eric  and three adults appear outside with Eric in a straight jacket and being restrained by two men, with Mrs. Sherman arguing with a woman there about what is best for Eric. Milly later reveals to Geneva one night when Milly's mother is out for the evening that she finds Eric attractive. Although Eric cannot communicate with anyone, he begins to react to Milly, first by mimicking her movements and facial expressions. Mrs. Sherman observes this interaction and asks Milly to keep an eye on Eric, explaining that because of Uncle Hugo's drinking, Eric is in constant danger of being taken by authorities and placed in a hospital; but that when Eric was taken away before, he became so sick that he almost died. Milly works with Eric over the course of the school year and takes notes on his progress, which is slow at first. Milly notes excitedly the first time Eric smiles on his own rather than merely copying her own smile. Eric does nothing when Milly throws balls to him, except for one day when he spontaneously reaches out and catches a stray baseball flying toward Milly's head. However, strange occurrences, like Eric's apparent ability to appear in his own window one instant and in Milly's the next without any link between their homes, begin to make Milly question reality. In her notes, Milly wonders whether Eric is becoming more like her, or the other way around. On a school field trip, with no one present except Eric, Milly falls off a bridge while trying to pick a rose. Knocked unconscious, she dreams that she wakes up in the hospital, with Eric sitting on the windowsill. After a conversation with him , she becomes convinced he can fly. Eric gives her the rose she was trying to reach and then, taking her hand, leads her out of the window and the two begin flying. The two watch a fireworks display from a cloud before they share a kiss and return to the hospital window. After watching Eric fly off, Milly's dream becomes a nightmare as she sees her Dad in a hospital bed, dead, with a girl called Mona  throwing a volleyball at her which knocks her out of the window. Milly then wakes up in a hospital and tells her mother that Eric can fly and that he caught her as she fell. A shrink, Dr. Grenader, talks to Milly and tells her that Eric caught her as she only has a concussion and no serious injuries. Dr Grenader, however, puts forth a more logical explanation and explains her belief that Eric can fly may be due to stress caused by the death of her father as he died from cancer. Upon returning home, Milly notices the rose on her windowsill and now becomes truly convinced that Eric can fly. When she shouts to Uncle Hugo about Eric's whereabouts, he replies by saying the institute has taken him away as Hugo was found drunk again. Despite the efforts of Milly and her family, they are not allowed to see Eric when they visit the institute. As they leave due to not been allowed in, Eric tries to force the window open and is restrained by two men who try to sedate him. Another attempt by Louis to get around the block fails as the bullies tear his tricycle apart and to make matters worse, his dog Max is hit by a passing car and is taken to an animal hospital. Later that evening, Milly thinks she spots Eric on his roof during a thunderstorm and after climbing into the attic, she finds Eric, who is shivering with cold and still wearing a strait-jacket after managing to somehow escape the institute. As Milly helps him, he pulls out a box and from within it, he takes out a ring which he gives to Milly. When the authorities arrive at Eric's house the next day, Milly sneaks Eric out and the police chase them to the roof of the school during a carnival. Eric turns to Milly and speaks her name, the first word he has spoken thus far. Milly asks Eric if he really can fly, and he smiles and nods his head. He holds her hand and the two fall off the building. Just before hitting the ground, Milly and Eric begin flying in plain view of the crowd around the carnival, which follows Milly and Eric down the streets of their town, shocking Charlene, Louis, Geneva, and Uncle Hugo. Eric brings Milly to her own window, tells her he loves her, and kisses her before he says goodbye and flies away. Milly is heartbroken, but quickly realizes why Eric had to leave: Over the following weeks, spectators, policemen, and scientists mob the town, looking for an explanation and taking all of Eric's belongings away to be analyzed. Milly speculates that Eric too would have been taken by scientists had he remained. It is revealed that Milly's father knew he had cancer, but kept it a secret from his family because he did not want them to worry. Rather than seek treatment, he said goodbye and committed suicide. His refusal to fight for his life left the Michaelsons feeling helpless and hopeless, but Eric's ability to fly shows them that anything is possible if you believe. Unlike Milly's father, Eric's uncle and the remaining Michaelsons refuse to give up: Eric's uncle beats his drinking problem and gets an excellent job; the Michaelson's dog Max gets better; Louis dominates the bullies down the street ; Charlene masters the computer at work; and Milly regains interest in her life and relationships with those around her. The movie ends with Milly looking out the window waiting for Eric. As the sun sets, she throws out a paper airplane which flies ever upward."] ['Though widowed, ex-cop, Homer,  is a kindly father to his ten-year old son, Rex . He is considered to be something of a bully in the poor Manila neighborhood where he lives. After mistaking a child retrieving a snarled kite for a burglar, Homer kills the boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error. Unbeknownst to his dad, Rex witnessed the event, too. As the two separately wrestle with their consciences, the neighbors find out and chaos soon ensues.'] ["Set in Liverpool in the Depression of the 1930s, the story is told through the eyes of Liam . Liam is taking religious instruction lessons in preparation for his First Communion—his mother  is a staunch Roman Catholic. His father  loses his job when the shipyard he works for closes. Meanwhile his sister Teresa  has taken a job as maid for the wealthy Jewish family who own the shipyard. Liam stutters badly under stress, and his strict religious education does not help. The Jewish lady of the house that Teresa works for is having an affair, and the girl becomes an accomplice. Liam's father joins a group of fascists, who rail against rich Jews and cheap Irish labour. His brother secretly attends meetings with socialists. But all this is just a microcosm of a more general breakdown. Life becomes increasingly more insecure and people retreat ever more desperately into their own belief systems. This only leads to increasing conflict, leading inexorably to a single violent act."] ['The film is told in flashback from the point of view of horror author Franklin "Frankie" Scarlatti on his way to his hometown Willowpoint Falls. On Halloween 1962, Frankie , then 9 years old, is tricked by school jokesters Donald  and Louie  and ends up locked in the school\'s cloakroom. Trapped well after dark, he witnesses a girl\'s ghost being murdered and then himself is attacked by a dark figure. Losing consciousness he speaks to the ghost who asks for his help to find her mother. Frankie is revived by his father and rushed to the hospital. The police arrest the black janitor, Harold "Willy" Williams , who was found drunk in the basement, believing him to be the attacker. As Frankie recovers at home, Frankie\'s brother Geno  brings him a newspaper article about the attack and he learns it was linked to the deaths of eleven other children at the hands of a serial killer. He also learns the name of the ghost - Melissa Ann Montgomery . She continues to haunt Frankie and the two become an odd sort of friends. Striving to help her, he returns to the cloakroom and discovers several objects including her hairclip and an old high school class ring. Later, Frankie overhears the chief of police talking to his father Angelo  about the case against the janitor crumbling and the cloakroom being the scene of Melissa\'s murder. Frankie confides in family friend Phil  that the class ring probably belongs to the killer and that he thinks the killer returned to the cloakroom to search for it. Unbeknownst to Frankie, Geno has discovered and taken the class ring. The school jokesters lure Frankie out to the nearby cliffs, where they encounter a lady in white clothing living inside an abandoned cottage. The children take off running and Frankie runs into his brother Geno on the way home. Frankie tries to explain everything to Geno, but Geno doesn\'t believe him. One evening though, Melissa appears to both of them and, despite Geno\'s injured foot , they follow her through her nightly death re-creation. They trail behind her lifeless body as it is carried by an invisible figure out to the cliffs. At the last minute, she awakes and begins screaming as she is thrown over the cliffs. A ghostly lady in white  then comes out of the cottage and throws herself over the edge after she sees Melissa\'s lifeless body. Willy, the school janitor is finally brought to court, but a grand jury decides against going to trial due to insufficient evidence. He is subsequently murdered by the mother of one of the serial killer\'s victims. The real killer is still at large though and Geno uses the class ring to track him down after realizing that their father and the killer wear the same exact class rings. Angelo\'s yearbook reveals that the initials on the ring, M.P.T., belong to Michael P. Terragarossa. Geno knows, however, that the "P" stands for Phillip, as in, their family friend Phil and he rushes to tell his father. Frankie happens to be with Phil at that same time and as well realizes that he is the killer after Phil starts whistling "Did You Ever See a Dream Walking" . Phil catches on that Frankie has deduced his secret and attacks him, but Frankie escapes and runs to the cliffs. Phil catches him and confesses to the murders just before he starts to strangle Frankie. Phil is struck from behind and both Phil and Frankie collapse to the ground lifeless. Regaining consciousness, Frankie finds himself in Melissa\'s old cottage with his savior Amanda Harper . She reveals that she is Melissa\'s aunt and has been living in the cottage since her sister and nieces\' deaths. She was the first lady in white Frankie had seen. Phil reemerges in the cottage and kills Amanda, setting the building ablaze in the process. Pulling Frankie from the burning cottage, Phil then tries to throw Frankie from the cliff, but the ghostly lady in white appears and scares Phil over the edge. Melissa as well appears and the two ghosts ascend into the sky finally reunited. As Frankie is crawling away from the cliff edge Phil grabs his ankle. Angelo, Geno, and the police arrive saving Frankie. Angelo tries to save Phil, but overcome with shame, Phil lets go and falls to his death, despite Angelo\'s pleas not to. With Phil gone, the movie ends as the group watches the cottage burn as the snow begins to fall.'] ["Finding a curiously silent young runaway boy  whose head has been completely shaved, small-town police call in a psychologist  and discover that he is a war orphan named Peter Frye. Moving in with an understanding retired actor named Gramps , Peter starts attending school and generally begins living the life of a normal boy until his class gets involved with trying to help war orphans in Europe and Asia. Peter soon realizes that—like the children on the posters, whose images haunt him—he, too, is a war orphan. The realization about his parents and the work helping the orphans makes Peter turn very serious, and he is further troubled when he overhears the adults around him talking about the world preparing for another war. The next day, after having a bath, Peter is drying his hair with a towel when, to his astonishment, he sees that his hair has turned green, prompting him to run away after being taunted by the townspeople and his peers. Suddenly, appearing before him in a lonely part of the woods are the orphaned children whose pictures he saw on the posters. They tell him that he is a war orphan, but that with his green hair he can make a difference and must tell people that war is dangerous for children. He leaves determined to deliver his message to any and all. Upon his return, the townspeople chase Peter, and even Gramps tries to encourage him to consider shaving his hair so that it might grow back normally. He agrees to get his head shaved, and the town barber does the job—that night, however, Peter runs away. Later reunited with Gramps, Peter learns that there are adults out there who accept what he has to say and want him to go on saying it. He's sure that his hair will grow back in green again, and he will continue to carry his message."] ["After Hollis Woods , a young girl with a talent for art, ran away from her last foster parents, she is placed in a new foster home with a retired art teacher, Josie Cahill . Josie is very caring and a talented artist, and her life could be told in her wood work, but Josie, an older woman, is beginning to lose her memory . Over time, Hollis becomes Josie's caretaker, and she begins to feel what it is like to be needed. Life with Josie reminds Hollis of life with the Regans, the family she stayed with during the summer whom she loved, and she relives her memories through the drawings she has made throughout her life"] ["The film takes place in 1999 in a small Israeli town, in which a young girl called Clara  discovers that she has paranormal powers that allow her to predict the future. That discovery causes mayhem in the town as its people try to take advantage of Clara's powers and people escape the town as her powers have discovered a leak in the nearby nuclear plant. Clara herself has to choose between her powers and her one true love."] ['Melinda , the eleven-year-old daughter of sour parents , finds interest in small things: a spun silver spiderweb, her box of treasures, and an afternoon at Silver Lake on her "day of days". Melinda\'s often known as a "silly goose" by her best friend, Alice Wasser . As the movie progresses, Melinda experiences ageless comforts and pains. Eliot Bradley , a waylaid college professors enters her life along with a warmhearted waitress , who introduces Melinda to the blues and Coca-Cola. And she receives her first explorative attention from a teasing boy named Stuart Wasser  Escalating tragedy, the death of her beloved Aunt Calla , is climaxed by her father\'s eruption into angry drunkenness, shattering Melinda\'s innocence forever and sending her fleeing into the night. The ultimate triumph of Melinda\'s spirit culminates when at year\'s end she once again visits her treasure box with bittersweet memories.'] ['The film takes place in 1978 in a fictional town called Acqua Traverse in Southern Italy during the hottest summer of the century. A ten-year-old boy named Michele  and a group of his friends set out across scorched wheat fields in a race. Michele\'s sister tags along but falls, breaking her glasses, and calls out to Michele, who runs back to her. Michele quickly appeases her worries over the glasses, and they continue running. Of the group, they are the last ones to arrive at the deserted farmhouse, and Michele, therefore, must pay up. However, the leader of the group, Skull, chooses the only girl in the group besides Michele\'s sister to pay up instead. He instructs her to expose herself to the boys, and she looks to the others for help, but they refuse to meet her gaze. She reluctantly and hesitantly begins to oblige, when Michele pipes up that he was the one to arrive last and that he should be the one to pay. That is our first major building block of the qualities of the main protagonist on which the film\'s story will depend: he alone among his peers has a sensitivity to injustice and exploitation of power, to a degree we soon see should put his parents and their peers to shame. Michele is the conscience of the film - and of Italy and of us all. After Michele walks across a tall beam high up in a rickety old barn-like structure at the deserted farmhouse as punishment, the group is seen going home. As Michele and his sister ride home, she asks him where her glasses are, and he goes back to fetch them. While searching for these glasses in the farmhouse, Michele discovers a hole in the ground covered with a sheet of metal. He opens it and sees part of a bare leg; horrified, he runs away. The next day he returns to the site, throwing rocks at the leg. As he moves to pick up another rock, the camera pans to him, on the ground, searching around him in the dirt, where he finds another rock to throw. As the camera pans back into the hole, the leg is out of sight. Startled, Michele is suddenly staring down at a zombie-like young boy stumbling out of the darkness and into view. Terrified, Michele hurries home once more. Michele visits the zombie-boy again, and finds that he is actually alive, however, he is very weak. Michele brings him water and later food, making sure that his presence is not discovered by whoever put the boy there each time. Michele\'s undaunted curiosity leads him to begin questioning the confused, possibly delusional, and traumatized boy. He believes himself to be dead and asks Michele if he is his guardian angel. Then one night, Michele sees his parents watching on TV news that a child named Filippo has been kidnapped from Milan, and the boy in the pictures shown looks just like the boy in the hole. His parents are hosting late-night meetings with the parents of his playmates and one domineering visitor "from the North" who now sleeps in his room. Michele gradually comes to realize that his own father is involved in the kidnapping, as well as some other men in the town. He continues visiting Filippo  and one day he lets him out for some hours of play in the wheatfields together, and then he returns him back to the hole. To win a toy as present for Filippo, he barters his best friend Salvatore for a toy blue van by offering to share a secret. He tells Salvatore of Filippo\'s existence, but Salvatore shows discomfort with the story, albeit surrendering the van and promising Michele that he will not reveal the secret to anyone. But on his next visit to Filippo, Michele is apprehended by one of the kidnappers , who catches him in the hole with Filippo and punches him, then hauls him out and drives him home. Michele\'s friend Salvatore turns out to have revealed his secret to Skull\'s brother, a realization that brings betrayal into the story and now isolates our central protagonist as having no one he can confide in or trust among parents or peers. His parents do have contrasting reactions to his being apprehended. His mother defies Michele\'s attacker in defense of her son. But his father, upon learning that he has been visiting Filippo, threatens to beat him if he ever goes back to visit the kid again. Michele vows to oblige his father. But then one day Skull cajoles his peers into again visiting the farmhouse, where Michele discovers the hole empty and Filippo gone. His friend-turned-betrayor Salvatore readily tells him he knows where Filippo has been moved, having overheard his father tell Michele\'s father, and will tell him if Michele will forgive his betrayal. The next night, Michele overhears the adults in the film discussing who will kill Filippo, and Michele sets out immediately to find Filippo -- in a "cave" and save him, boosting him out and telling him to run for his life while Michele tries to find a way out for himself with no footing to boost him over the gate. Meanwhile, Michele\'s father has drawn the short match and shows up at the cave to kill Filippo. Michele sees it is his father and runs toward him across the cave just as his father fires his gun, shooting his own son\'s leg. In the film\'s last scene, Michele\'s father runs with Michele in his arms in search of medical aid as the ringleader from the "North"  finds him and insists he has to resume his assigned task, killing Filippo. Filippo appears and risks his own danger to show gratitude to Michele, just as helicopters arrive and track down the ringleader trying to escape. The film ends with the repentant father clutching his son and Michele reaching out to Filippo.'] ['Jin is a bright young girl who lives with her mother and younger sister, Bin. She does well in school but is sometimes distracted from her family duties and occasionally wets the bed. One day she comes home to discover people removing the furniture from the family apartment. Her mother takes her and Bin to stay with "Big Aunt", their paternal aunt, who lives outside the city. The girls\' mother leaves them a piggy bank and tells them that their aunt will give them change for their good behavior, and when it is full she will come back. Jin is deeply hurt by the disappearance of her mother, crying frequently and often not eating, while younger sister Bin seems to be less affected by her absence. Bin befriends a neighborhood boy with Down syndrome whose kind mother gives them treats and seems somewhat concerned for them. It is quickly made apparent that Big Aunt is an alcoholic and doesn\'t really want the responsibility of the children. She often passes out or is too hung over to cook, forcing the girls to take care of themselves. When another neighborhood boy gives Bin roasted grasshoppers, the girls get the idea to cook their own as a means of making money to fill up their piggy bank. Although this is at first profitable, as summer wanes so do the grasshoppers. Bin gets the idea to make change from their greater-valued coins, which quickly fills up the bank. They try to call their mother on a young man\'s cell phone but discover the number is out of service. Nevertheless they wait for their mother at the bus stop where they last saw her, but she never appears. Big Aunt reveals that she received a letter from their mother, who reveals she has not had much luck with their father and that, in any case, she is unable to support the children. She suggests to Big Aunt that they go stay with at their maternal grandparents\' farm. When they arrive, the girls\' grandfather is very angry that Big Aunt is burdening them with the children. Their grandmother, on the other hand, immediately welcomes them and they become immersed in their aging grandparents\' humble but busy lives. The girls ask their grandmother if she will buy them winter shoes, and then realize that her own shoes are falling apart. They decide to give her their piggy bank so that she can buy new shoes for herself. Although both girls lost faith in their mother after her non-appearance, Jin and Bin pinky swear that their mother will come back for them.'] ["The Taliban are ruling Afghanistan. Their regime is especially repressive for women, who, among other things, are not allowed to work. This situation becomes difficult for one family consisting solely of three women, representing three successive generations: a young girl, her mother, and her grandmother. With the mother's husband and uncle dead, having been killed in battle during the Soviet invasion and their civil wars, there are no men left to support the family. The mother had been working as a nurse in a hospital, but the Taliban cut off funding to the hospital, leaving it completely dysfunctional with no medicines and very little equipment. One foreign woman working as a nurse in the hospital is arrested by the Taliban. The mother does some nursing outside the hospital and receives payment from the caretaker of a patient, but after the patient dies the mother cannot find any more work. The mother and grandmother then make what they feel is the only decision they can to survive: they will have their preteen daughter disguise herself as a boy so that she can get a job to support the family. Osama’s grandmother tells a story to Osama about a boy who changed to a girl when he went under a rainbow, in order to help persuade her to accept the plan. The daughter, feeling powerless, agrees despite being afraid that the Taliban will kill her if they discover her masquerade. Partly as a symbolic measure, the daughter plants a lock of her now cut hair in a flowerpot. The only people outside the family who know of the ruse are the milk vendor who employs the daughter - he who was a friend of her deceased father - and a local boy named Espandi, who recognizes her despite her outward change in appearance. Espandi is the one who renames her Osama. The masquerade becomes more difficult when the Taliban recruit all the local boys for school, which includes military training. At the training school, they are taught how to fight and conduct ablutions, and an ablution is taught to boys that should be done when they experience nocturnal emission or come in contact with their wife when they grow older. Osama attempts to avoid joining the ablution session, and the master grows suspicious of Osama’s gender. Osama realizes it can only be so long before she is found out. Several of the boys begin to pick on her, and although Espandi is at first able to protect her, her secret is eventually discovered when she menstruates. Osama is arrested and put on trial, along with a Western journalist who and the foreign woman who was arrested in the hospital. The journalist and the nurse are both condemned and put to death, but, as Osama is destitute and helpless, her life is spared; she is instead given in marriage to a much older man. Osama's new husband already has three wives, all of whom hate him and say he has destroyed their lives. They take pity on Osama, but are powerless to help her. The husband shows Osama the padlocks he uses on his wives' rooms, reserving the largest for Osama. The film ends with the new husband conducting an ablution in an outdoor bath, which the boys were earlier taught to conduct after coming in contact with their wives."] ["This is the tale of a young girl whose life is filled with tragedy. Mouchette  lives in an isolated rural village with her alcoholic father and bedridden mother, where she takes care of her infant brother and does all the housework. The film opens with a gamekeeper, Mathieu , watching a poacher, Arsène  as he sets his snares in the sunlit woods. Mouchette is first introduced at her school, in bedraggled clothes and oversized clogs, where she is mocked by her classmates and chastised by her teacher, first for refusing to sing, and then for singing off-key. To correct this, her teacher grabs her by the head, orienting Mouchette's ear toward the piano keys, while she strikes the correct note several times. Later, in a contrast to the misery of her daily life, Mouchette goes to the fair and rides on the bumper cars. She meets a young man who bumps his car into hers several times. She bumps into his a few times. Despite the physical shocks incurred upon her during the activity, Mouchette seems to overlook them, and even likes the young man. Afterwards her father abruptly intervenes, slapping her on the face before she can speak to the boy. While walking home from school one day, she gets lost in the woods, and must seek shelter in a nearby house when a fierce rainstorm falls. The owner of the house, Arsène, an alcoholic epileptic, fears he has killed a man with whom he had fought, and attempts to use Mouchette as an alibi to disabuse him of the blame. After she agrees to repeat the story he gives her, Arsène rapes her. She runs into the woods to hide and at sunrise leaves for home, humiliated by the experience. Later in the day, when confronted about the fight in the woods, she tries to offer the agreed upon story, having to state reluctantly that she was at Arsène's house through the night because they were lovers. Returning home and finding her mother's condition worsening, she attempts to assuage her fears by comforting her. When her mother eventually succumbs to this sickness, she is brought in by an elderly women who gives her several dresses as well as a shroud to cover her mother upon her mourning. As she leaves, overwhelmed by the disaster that has befallen her, she goes to a nearby lake, covers herself in the shroud, rolls herself downhill into the water, and drowns."] ['Eve Batiste , a ten year old girl, lives in a prosperous African American community in Louisiana with her younger brother by a year Poe, and her sister Cisely  a pretty girl who is just entering puberty. Their parents are Roz  and Louis  a well respected doctor in Louisiana\'s "colored" community. One night after a raucous party, Eve accidentally witnesses her father having sex with family friend Matty Mereaux . However, Cisely, who has a very affectionate relationship with her father, convinces Eve that she misinterpreted an innocent moment. The unreliability of memory and observation remain important themes throughout the film. The summer quickly becomes a chaotic and stressful one for the Batiste family. Eve\'s relationship with her parents becomes more strained as she discovers more evidence of her father\'s serial infidelity. Cisely comes into conflict with both her sister and her mother as she enters puberty and tries to navigate the difficult transition to adulthood, particularly with regards to her appearance and sexuality. Roz eventually begins to suspect her husband\'s infidelity, prompting conflict between the two as well. During the chaotic summer, Eve often seeks refuge with her aunt Mozelle Batiste , who works as a fortune teller and who has had a string of lovers who all died violently. After Eve has a confusing vision of something terrible happening, Mozelle informs her that the gift of second sight runs in their family. Meanwhile, Eve, angered by her father\'s infidelity, begins to tease Matty Mereaux\'s husband Lenny  with her knowledge about it. One day Cisely confides in Eve the secret of why she\'s been so moody. One night, after their parents had a vicious argument, Cisely went to comfort her father and he, drunk, tried to molest her. Enraged, Eve seeks out a local witch, Elzora , and commissions a voodoo spell to put a fatal curse on her father. The Baptiste\'s family life totally disintegrates as Cisely\'s accusations against her father become known. Concerned that her father might be innocent, Eve tries to undo the curse on him but discovers that this is impossible. She then rushes to bring her father home, finding him in a bar chatting with Matty Mereaux. At the same time, a drunken Lenny arrives to take Matty home and shoots and kills Louis after a confrontation. After her father\'s funeral, Eve soon finds a letter which her father wrote to Mozelle. In it he explains that Cisely had come to him that night and kissed him, first as a daughter and then as a lover. In his drunken state he reacted violently, slapping her and pushing her to the ground, which made her angry. The letter implies that Cisely made up her story. Eve confronts Cisely and uses her second sight to try and discover what really happened, but the two stories are so jumbled within Cisely\'s own mind that the truth is obscured.'] ['The movie starts out with a village leader coming into the house of a crying mother. He says to give up hope that your husband is still alive. Resisting from the comments, the mother decides to run away with her child. The scene then changes and focuses on a traveler finding a body of a dehydrated young boy on the ground. The traveler tries to speak to the boy, but he is mute and doesn\'t remember a thing. He then picks him up and rides to the nearest village, which happens to be a Mossi village. The village leader comes and says that he is not from this village, but will raise him. The traveller thanks them and heads off. The village chiefs decide to send a search party to find the boy\'s parents. When no parents are found, Tinga agrees to adopt the boy, and names him "Wend Kuuni," because destiny brought the boy to his home. At the house, Wend Kuuni had the job of herding the goats. He made friends with his stepsister Pougnere and was very happy living in this household. Meanwhile, the audience witnesses a quarell between one of the village elders  and his young wife. She accuses him of being impotent, and he calls her a witch. Tinga calms them both down and Bila later tells Tinga that the fight has been settled. That day, Wend Kuuni accidentally left his knife in the field where the goats were grazing. When he went back that night to retrieve it, he finds Bila hanging from a tree branch. In that instant, he remembers the death of his mother after they had been chased out of the village, and he also remembers how to speak. He screams "mother!" before running back to the village to inform the others. At the end of the film, Wend Kuuni recounts his story to Pougnere. He recalls his sick mother being chased out of their village, and ending up under a tree in the middle of the field. When he woke up, his mother was dead. He spoke of running for hours, falling asleep, and waking up to the traveler finding him. The character comes back in Buud Yam {{cite web}}{{cite web}}'] ['Kamran is a 12 year old boy in the present day who discovers that his ancestor is the 11th century mathematician, astronomer, and poet of Persia, Omar Khayyam. The story has been passed down in his family from one generation to another, and now it is his responsibility to keep the story alive for future generations. The film takes us from the modern day to the epic past where the relationship between Omar Khayyam, Hassan Sabbah  and their mutual love for a beautiful woman separate them from their eternal bond of friendship. Filmed almost entirely on location in Samarkand and Bukhara, Uzbekistan.'] ["The film tells a story of a 9 year old girl, Phoebe , with apparent Tourette syndrome.{{cite news}} While she deals with being odd and insecure, her mother  and father  are dealing with complexities in their relationship with each other and their challenging child. Her younger sister  feels neglected as Phoebe gains more attention. Phoebe seeks a role in her school's play, Alice In Wonderland, directed by her school's off-beat drama teacher, Miss Dodger . Phoebe flourishes on stage, relaxing and feeling normal, but her impulsive speech and behavior persist off stage. Her parents hire a therapist for her, but after he proposes medication, Phoebe's mother fires him. She does not want to accept that there is anything wrong with Phoebe; when the principal questions if Phoebe behaves oddly outside of the classroom, her mother denies it even though she has many times witnessed her daughter's self-destructive rituals at home. When Phoebe is taken out of the play due to her classroom behavior, her dreams are shattered. Her mother, desperate to help her daughter feel normal, works with the drama teacher to bring Phoebe back on stage. Although Phoebe is put back into the play, her challenges continue as she is driven to behavior she doesn't understand. She hurts herself jumping off the catwalk onto the stage, and the drama teacher is fired. Phoebe's fellow-actors descend into chaos, but Phoebe alone clings to a sense of purpose. She urges her classmates to continue their rehearsals on their own, and they do. Her mother, who has resisted efforts to label Phoebe, tells Phoebe that she has Tourette syndrome, and Phoebe helps her classmates understand her by explaining the condition to them."] ['In 1982 Johnny and Sarah Sullivan and their daughters Christy and Ariel enter the United States on a tourist visa via Canada, where Johnny was working as an actor. The family settles in New York City, in a rundown Hell\'s Kitchen tenement occupied by drug addicts, transvestites, and a reclusive Nigerian artist/photographer named Mateo Kuamey. Hanging over the family is the death of their young son Frankie, who died from a brain tumor. The devout Roman Catholic Johnny questions God and has lost any ability to feel true emotions, which has affected his relationship with his family. Christy believes she has been granted three wishes by her dead brother, which she only uses at times of near-dire consequences for the family as they try to survive in New York. After finding the apartment, Sarah gets a job in the local ice cream parlor to support the family while Johnny auditions for any role for which he is suited, with no success. Despite their poverty, the initial joy of being in the United States and the closeness of the family gives them the energy to make the most of what they have, and Christy chronicles the events of their life with a cherished camcorder. But as money runs low and the city\'s temperatures soar, tensions between Johnny and Sarah begin to rise with them. Not helping their financial and emotional strain is the discovery that Sarah is pregnant. Johnny finds work as a cab driver to augment their income and help pay for the girls\' Catholic school tuition. On Halloween, the girls become friendly with Mateo when they knock at his door to trick-or-treat. Despite Johnny\'s reticence about the somewhat imposing and forbidding man, Sarah invites him to their apartment for dinner, and eventually they learn that the man is sad and lonely because he is dying of AIDS. Later, Mateo falls down a flight of stairs and is knocked unconscious. Christy tries to resuscitate him using CPR, although she is warned away from him by the other residents, who seem to be aware that he is HIV-positive. The man\'s condition continues to deteriorate as Sarah\'s fetus develops. The baby is born prematurely and in poor health, and is in need of a blood transfusion. Johnny and Sarah are ultimately nervous not only about the baby\'s survival chances, but also of the skyrocketing hospital bills that will now need to be paid following the baby\'s delivery, causing Sarah to have a brief nervous breakdown and blame Johnny for Frankie\'s death, and tearfully berates him. However, after calming her down, Johnny and Sarah agree to the blood transfusion but without giving the baby "bad blood," as using hospital blood banks was the source of Mateo\'s contraction of HIV. Shortly, it is discovered that Christy has a compatible blood type to donate with, and Mateo\'s death coincides with the first healthy movements of the infant following a blood transfusion from Christy. After the successful operation, the family is startled to learn that Mateo had settled and paid for their astronomical hospital bill before he had died, upon the discovery that Mateo was in possession of a large trust fund he never spent. In return for his generous act, they give the newborn baby girl the middle name of Mateo in gratitude and to honor his memory. With the birth of the new baby and the death of Mateo, Johnny finally is able to overcome his lack of emotion and put his grieving for Frankie to rest. he also finally catches a brake by getting a small role in A Chorus Line on Broadway. The film ends after a baby shower at the apartment is held for the Sullivan family with many of the apartment tenants present to celebrate, and Christy and the rest of her family overlook the view of the city and look out for Mateo in the night\'s sky.'] ["Kwong is a young boy who lives with his father and stepmother . He blames his stepmother for the suicide of his mother 3 years earlier and continually runs away from home. One day, while walking to school, he meets an eccentric old man in the park who accidentally pours a magic potion he has created down a drain. The next day, a huge tree has grown from a seedling in the drain. Kwong goes to the man's house and steals the potion, falling and breaking it as he tries to run away. Some of the potion enters a cut in his hand, and the next day he wakes up to find he has grown to the age of 20 overnight. Kwong is thrilled that he has become an adult and is able to finally run away from home without being recognized. As he gets older each day, he learns more about being an adult and about the situations of those around him."] ['Troubled 12-year-old Ingemar  gets into all sorts of trouble, which drives his mother  crazy; Ingemar does not know that his mother is in fact terminally ill. When he and his older brother become too much for her, they are split up and sent to live with relatives. Ingemar ends up with his maternal uncle Gunnar  and his wife Ulla  in a small rural town in Småland. Gunnar and Ingemar bond over Povel Ramel\'s recording of "Far, jag kan inte få upp min kokosnöt". In the town he encounters a variety of characters. Saga , an assertive tomboy his own age, likes him, and shows it by beating him up in a boxing match. Among the more eccentric residents is Fransson , a man who continually fixes the roof of his house, and Mr. Arvidsson , an old man living downstairs who gets Ingemar to read to him from a lingerie catalog. Later, Ingemar is reunited with his family, but his mother soon takes a turn for the worse and is hospitalized. He and his brother go to stay with their uncle Sandberg  in the city, but his wife thinks the boy is mentally disturbed. After his mother passes away, he is sent back to Småland. Mr. Arvidsson has died in the interim; Gunnar and Ulla now share the house with a large Greek family. Gunnar welcomes him and consoles him as best he can, but the house is so crowded, he has Ingemar live with Mrs. Arvidsson in another house. Meanwhile, Ingemar becomes the object of contention between Saga and another girl. When they start fighting over him, he grabs onto Saga\'s leg and starts barking like a dog. She becomes upset by his strange behavior and gets him into the boxing ring. During the bout, out of spite, she tells him that his beloved dog  was actually euthanized. This, along with his mother\'s death, is too much for him and he locks himself inside Gunnar\'s one-room "summer house" in the backyard. The time spent here forces Ingemar to reflect on the death of his mother, the loss of his dog and a changing world. Ingemar uses the experiences of others and of his own personal loss to reconcile a life which is sometimes tough. Throughout the film, Ingemar tells himself over and over that it could have been worse, reciting several examples, such as a man who took a shortcut onto the field during a track meet and was killed by a javelin and the story of the dog Laika several times, the first creature sent into orbit by the Russians . The film ends with the radio broadcast of a famous heavyweight championship boxing match, between Swede Ingemar Johansson and American Floyd Patterson. When Johansson wins, the whole town erupts with joy, but the now-reconciled Ingemar and Saga are fast asleep together on a couch.'] ['Young Tomás ([[John Bell  is an orphan, harassed and ridiculed by the other children in his orphanage for his timidity and stuttering. Just after letting a pigeon free from his classroom, he is called to the headmasters\' office to be greeted by Maire , who takes him back to her home, to be greeted coldly by Alec  who had wanted someone older and perhaps more confident. Tomás makes friends with Nancy  and is greeted tepidly by Seamus . They take him to their cave, inhabited by bats and Tomás runs away, scared, to which the two friends chase after him and console him. Tomás is introduced to his new school and unlike his previous school, here he is generally accepted by the pupils. As Maire\'s influence on him begins to shine through, he starts to gain in confidence and become attracted to wildlife. Alec starts taking a liking to the boy soon enough and takes him fishing on the day after his birthday, after the couple buy him a fishing rod. They feed a seal and Tomás calls him Smudge and feeds him regularly. Later, he is prepared to go fishing with Alec and waits all day for him but he never shows up and Maire finds him and takes him out in the boat. This causes Maire to argue with Alec later on and tell him that he shouldn\'t have left him waiting. When on the boat together, Maire tells him to picture his grandmother in his mind and he does, seeing his grandmother for the first time. They then see a rainbow and she promises to take him into it. Tomás and Nancy leave school to find Seamus climbing a stone statue to get a bird egg, but struggling to stay on it as a bird tries to protect its eggs. Tomás puts his foot in the right place to allow him to climb down safely and Seamus is thankful and treats him thereforth with a little more respect. Tomás goes home to find that his adoptive mother has a doctor at her side. He goes to stay at Katie\'s home, with her children, Seamus and Nancy. He buys a piece of very colourful tablecloth, as she is in love with colours and visits her at the hospital. He is then told that she is going to die and he rushes to her side and cries at the thought of her death. Alec tells him to leave and then later arrives back at the house and tells him that she is in fact, dead. A funeral is held for her and Alec and Tomás are both distraught, but Alec won\'t bond with Tomás at all. Tomás says that Alec needs him but Alec continues to ignore him and gets rid of all of Maire\'s possessions because "she\'s gone". When Tomás finds Alec burning her things, he tries to stop him and Tomás tells him that he blames him for Maire\'s death. When he returns home from feeding Smudge, he finds Alec drunk slumped in his chair, he wakes him up and gives him a piece of red cloth as something to remember her by. Tomás packs his things and goes out in the morning to set Smudge free in a boat, but he goes out too far and Alec realises that he isn\'t there at home and goes out in his boat to rescue him, he doesn\'t reach him in time and the boat flips over, leaving him in the water. He washes up against some rocks and Alec checks if he is alive, which he is. Alec then has a choice of whether or not to send him back to the orphanage, but ultimately gives Tomás the choice of if he wants to stay, which he decides to. It ends with Tomás finally calling Alec "Dad".'] ['The film involves a huge snowball fight between the children of a town who split into two rival gangs, one defending a snow castle, the other attacking it. The attackers are led by a boy who styles himself as "General Luc" and has a reputation for being bossy. The defenders are outnumbered and led by Marc, who owns a dog named Cleo. They also have the genius boy Francois on their side. Francois designs a massive snow mobile of total destruction and other shaitic. Elaborate snow fortress, and Marc\'s group constructs it. Luc arrives with his army, wearing makeshift armour and wielding wooden swords. They attempt to scale the walls with a ladder, but Luc is injured in the battle and orders a retreat. They regroup and stage a second, more covert attack, but they are spotted and beaten back again with snowballs soaked in paint. Luc counters by attacking a third time, this time with his army dressed in garbage bags as protection from the paint. They overwhelm the fort\'s defences, and Marc and Francois escape via toboggan through a secret tunnel. The two groups meet and agree to have one final battle to determine the winner. Luc shows up for the final siege with an even larger army, having recruited additional children with chocolate. They also possess new weapons such as slingshots and a snowball cannon. Luc orders them to charge, and despite being slowed by barricades, they eventually breach the fortress walls and engage in melee combat with the defenders. Marc\'s dog Cleo comes after her owner, and one of the fortress walls collapses, killing her. The war ends, as both sides help bury her. The song at the end of the movie is performed by Nathalie Simard. An iconic line, "La guerre, la guerre, c\'est pas une raison pour se faire mal!"  became a popular slogan against the Iraq war in 2003.{{Citation needed}}'] 