['The film centers on Mike Halligan, a retired cop, who suffers a fatal heart attack while putting up Christmas lights days before Christmas. While in heaven he makes a deal to return to life for a few days in order to fulfill a promise to take his grandson to New York City for the holidays.'] ['Jim Hardy , Ted Hanover , and Lila Dixon  have a musical act popular in the New York City nightlife scene. On Christmas Eve, Jim prepares to give his last performance as part of the act before marrying Lila and retiring with her to a farm in Connecticut. At the last minute, Lila decides she is not ready to stop performing, and that she has fallen in love with Ted. She tells Jim that she will stay on as Ted\'s dancing partner. While heartbroken, Jim follows through with his plan and bids the act goodbye. One year later on Christmas Eve, Jim is back in New York City. Farm life has proven difficult and he plans to turn his farm into an entertainment venue called "Holiday Inn", which will only be open on holidays. Ted and his agent Danny Reed  scoff at the plan, but wish him luck. Later at the airport flower shop, while ordering flowers for Lila from Ted, Danny is accosted by employee Linda Mason  who recognizes him as a talent agent and begs him for a start in show business. Danny refers her to Holiday Inn and gives her a pass to Ted\'s club. That night, Linda sits at the performer\'s table with Jim, who pretends he owns a big club and isn\'t sure he could use an act like Hanover and Dixon. Linda pretends she\'s a celebrity and friend of Ted\'s, then escapes when the two performers come to Jim\'s table. The next morning, Christmas Day, Linda arrives at Holiday Inn, where she meets Jim—both realizing they were fooling each other the previous evening. Jim is preparing the place for New Year\'s Eve, and they take to one another immediately. Jim sings her his new song, "White Christmas", a song he would have performed had the inn been open that night. Later that week, on New Year\'s Eve, Holiday Inn opens to a packed house. Meanwhile in New York City, Ted learns that Lila is leaving him for a Texas millionaire. Drinking heavily, he drives up to Holiday Inn to talk with Jim, arriving at midnight. While wandering aimlessly across the dance floor, Ted sees Linda, who remembers him from Christmas Eve. They dance, with Ted bringing down the house despite his inebriated state. Danny arrives just as the dance ends and is ecstatic that Ted found a new partner. The next morning, however, Ted remembers very little and doesn\'t remember Linda at all. Jim doesn\'t say anything and hides Linda away, afraid that Ted will steal her away from the inn. At the next performance, Lincoln\'s Birthday, Ted and Danny return to Holiday Inn in search of Linda. Jim is ready for them and decides to run the night\'s big minstrel show number "Abraham" with disguised performers, including Linda, in an effort to foil the search. While applying Linda\'s blackface makeup, Jim asks if she will stay with him between holidays, and Linda takes this as a proposal. Having come up empty, Ted and Danny will not give up and plan to be back for the next holiday. During rehearsals for the Valentine\'s Day performance, Jim presents Linda with a unique Valentine, a new song called "Be Careful, It\'s My Heart". While singing the song with his back to her, Linda begins dancing alone, and as Ted enters, he spots Linda and launches into an impromptu romantic dance with her. Convinced that Linda is the girl he danced with on New Year\'s Eve, Ted demands that Jim provide a number for them to perform on the next holiday, and Jim reluctantly agrees. On Washington\'s Birthday, Ted and Linda perform in elaborate eighteenth century period costumes while Jim attempts to sabotage their dance, changing the tempo from a minuet to jazz every time the couple attempts to kiss. Afterward, Ted asks Linda to join him as his new dance partner. Linda refuses, saying she has promised to stay at the inn and that she and Jim are to be married. When Ted asks him about the marriage, Jim plays it off, but Ted is unconvinced, telling Danny he will continue to pursue Linda. At Easter, romance continues to blossom between Jim and Linda as they travel home from church in a carriage. When they reach the inn, Ted is sitting on the porch waiting from them. Ted asks Jim if he can remain in his shows, claiming he wants to experience "the true happiness" they\'ve found at the inn. While Linda is charmed, Jim is suspicious. Jim\'s suspicions are confirmed on Independence Day when he overhears Ted and Danny discussing an offer Ted received from Hollywood representatives, who will attend that night\'s show and determine if Ted and Linda are suitable for motion pictures. Desperate, Jim bribes hired hand Gus  to ensure that Linda does not arrive at the inn. After Gus drives the inn\'s car into a creek attempting to delay her, Linda tries to return to the inn and is picked up by Lila, who left the Texas millionaire after his tax problems were revealed. Lila tells Linda, who is pretending to be a waitress, about the studio tryout and that Lila will be Ted\'s partner. Assuming that Jim arranged for her to take Linda\'s place, Linda directs Lila into the same river. Back at the inn, Ted is forced to perform a solo dance. When Linda eventually makes her way to the inn, she finds that Ted has impressed the studio honchos with his improvised solo and the opportunity stands. Irritated with Jim for not trusting her to make her own decision, Linda takes the offer and leaves for Hollywood. The producers want to make a film about Holiday Inn, and Jim reluctantly agrees. At Thanksgiving, the inn is closed and Jim is deeply depressed, barely touching the turkey dinner prepared by his housekeeper Mamie . Jim is prepared to mail to Hollywood a recording of his new Thanksgiving song, but, before he does, he plays it on a record player and makes negative comments over the positive ones in the recording. Realizing what is wrong and ignoring decorum, Mamie implores him to travel to California to win Linda back by telling her how he really feels. Jim arrives at the studio on Christmas Eve, just as Ted is preparing to leave with Linda to get married. Jim confronts Ted in his dressing room, then locks him in it. Before Linda films the final scene for her movie, which features a recreation of Holiday Inn, Jim walks around the set with the director, who boasts it is the most exact recreation ever created for a motion picture. Jim leaves his pipe on the set\'s piano and hides nearby. Linda enters the room and sits at the piano, performing "White Christmas". Startled by the pipe\'s presence, she falters, then continues as Jim\'s voice joins her. Jim appears and Linda runs to him as the director yells "cut". Meanwhile, Ted and Danny learn of Jim\'s plan, but they are too late to stop him. At Holiday Inn on New Year\'s Eve, Ted is reunited with Lila, who is ready and willing to perform with him again. Jim and Linda prepare to stay together and run the inn.'] ['On Christmas Eve of 2005, the Mason family is enjoying Christmas dinner when Santa Claus  comes down the chimney and kills them all. Some of the deaths include Santa stabbing a man\'s hands to the table with steak knives, causing a girl to faint and fall back into a sharp pole that impales through her neck, Virginia\'s head is set on fire and is then drowned in eggnog, a man tries to fight Santa and gets pushed into a glass case and dies, Santa then grabs a leg from the table and smashes in a woman\'s head as she pleads, "I\'ve been good!", the last girl tries to escape but Santa throws a star into her back, and lastly the man who got stabbed in the hands get a turkey leg lodged down his throat. This opening scene includes bit roles from several famous Jewish actors, including James Caan, Fran Drescher, Chris Kattan, and Rebecca Gayheart. Riding on his sleigh driven by his "hell-deer", Santa arrives at Hell Township and proceeds to kill the locals in various holiday-themed ways. In one of his slaughters, Santa kills the occupants of a local strip club frequented by Pastor Timmons ([[Dave Thomas , a crooked minister who manages to survive the massacre. Later, Santa murders the local Jewish deli owner Mr. Green  using his own menorah. Meanwhile, teenager Nicholas Yuleson ([[Douglas Smith  is living with his crazy grandfather , a crackpot inventor who has created a bunker in their basement to survive Christmas. When Nicholas asks Grandpa why he hates Christmas, he is shown "The Book of Klaus", which reveals the origins of Santa Claus. Apparently, Santa was the result of a virgin birth produced by Satan . Christmas was "The Day of Slaying" for Santa until, in 1005 AD, an angel defeated Santa in a curling match and sentenced Santa to deliver presents on Christmas for 1000 years. This means that Santa is free to kill again in 2005. Upon arriving at the scene of Mr. Green\'s murder, Nicholas is taken to the police station for questioning. He is bailed out by his girlfriend Mary "Mac" Mackenzie , just before Santa arrives and kills all of the officers. Santa pursues them in a police car, but they are able to escape . They flee to Mr. Yuleson\'s bunker, with Santa still in pursuit. Nicholas and Mac manage to escape, care of Grandpa\'s snowmobile, but Grandpa is run over by Santa\'s "hell-deer" and killed. The two teens hide from Santa in a local high school, hoping that Santa\'s powers will end when Christmas ends, but are eventually forced to confront him in the gymnasium. They are almost killed by Santa on a Zamboni but are saved by Grandpa, who is actually the angel that originally defeated Santa. With Christmas ended and his powers gone, Santa flees in his sleigh but his "hell-deer" are shot down by Mac\'s father with a bazooka. Pastor Timmons is found dead in a Santa suit and is presumed to be the killer, while in fact the real Santa Claus is boarding a flight from Winnipeg to the North Pole. After the credits, Santa is looking over his naughty list, when he looks into the camera and says "Who\'s Next?"'] ['In Cloverdale, Massachusetts, local eye doctor and Christmas expert Steve Finch  wants his kids to have a great Christmas, packed with his tried and true traditions, such as using an advent calendar, taking Christmas card pictures in matching sweaters, and getting a large tree. At night, he hears noises. He looks out his window and sees a moving truck. He and his wife Kelly  immediately know that "the new neighbors are moving in." In the morning, when he goes to get his paper, he is startled to see someone on his doorstep, stealing it, which causes him to spill coffee on himself. The stranger is his new neighbor Buddy Hall , a car salesman. He and Kelly also meet Buddy\'s wife Tia . Later that day, Kelly, her daughter Madison  and son Carter  go to the Halls\' house, where they meet Tia and Buddy\'s teenage twin daughters, Ashley  and Emily . Carter gets turned on by seeing the twins dressed in skimpy outfits, and hearing Tia claim that is more clothes than they\'ve worn in a long time, makes him even more so. Other than that, Tia and Kelly immediately become friends, as do Ashley, Emily, and Madison. That night, the Hall twins discover a website called MyEarth, which shows satellite images of any place from space . Their house is not visible, so Buddy decides to make it so using Christmas lights. Due to this, he becomes known around the town. Steve is not happy about this as he is considered "the Christmas guy" and is chairman of the town\'s WinterFest. Buddy also purchases a large sleigh, and finds horses to pull it. Interrupted from being able to have the family Christmas picture of that year taken, the Finches come to see the sleigh, and are invited to take their Christmas pictures in it. Steve declines, but Carter enters it anyway. Just in time, Steve hears that what are modeling the reindeer are actually wild horses which he went to a lot of work to catch and keep tame, and in attempt to get Carter "out of that death trap", Steve frightens the horses, who run away with him in the sleigh, pulling him around town, finally landing on thin ice and plunging into a frozen river. He wakes up to find himself zipped into a sleeping bag naked with Buddy, who is also naked. Buddy explains that he is giving him body heat in order to keep him from dying. He then starts screaming. In the next scene, he is recovered and back and home, and sees that there was a poor picture taken ruining their traditional picture for that year, which has Steve in an embarrassing position where he is wearing an oxygen tank tube around his nose and nothing except for boxers on, where he has his uniform sweater only thrown in front of him to emulate him wearing it, which he\'s wasn\'t. He protests over the humiliation. The next thing that same night, Steve has invited a group of carolers to sing a Christmas carol on his front step, who are eventually distracted by the Hall house which has eventually become completely lit and synchronized to music. Over frustration of how Buddy says that he is going to keep adding more and more lights and synchronizations of music onto his house, which would attract more and more people, besides keeping him more up at night, Steve finally gets in a full fledged revolt and decides to drive off to the sheriff\'s office to make out a warrant to arrest Buddy for his intrusive tactics. Attempting to back out of his own driveway, which is blocked by the back ends of a truck and car, he lets a slum who happens to be drunk try to direct him out through the narrow passage, causing him to lose both of his front doors. He drives off anyway in his frustration, and at the same time, it starts to snow; not being much more help to his unfortunate situation. At the sheriff\'s office, after hearing Steve\'s inefficiently clarified complaints, Sheriff Dave  argues that he can\'t arrest a man for wanting to decorate his house, but that due to how much he knows that Steve has on his hands, he would agree to have Steve file a complaint, as much as he claims that the light deal bothers him. However, the reason Steve fails to fully clarify the situation of his complaint, and to have the complaint fulfilled, is due to becoming distracted and disgusted over seeing what appears to be that Sheriff Dave is wearing women\'s underwear under his officer uniform. First, while Steve is trying to complain clearly what he is dealing with, he observes what looks like Sheriff Dave pulling the strap behind his shirt of what looks like the shoulder lining of a bra, which the sheriff catches him gawking at. With Steve renouncing embarrassingly what he sees, the sheriff claims that what he sees behind his shirt is not what he thinks; where it is a shoulder brace that his wife sewed for him from dislocating it. They both end up laughing over what Steve thought, but it turns out that the sheriff did make a false statement where Steve was right that what he saw was a bra, when he sees the proof that Sheriff Dave is also wearing a thong that goes up high above his pants, when he is bending down to pull a file of papers out of a file cabinet. Through the disgust and suspicion, Steve immediately forfeits continuing to make his complaints and without a word leaves. The next night, Steve has had enough with being kept awake each night, and with the help of Carter who catches him and agrees to help him by being a lookout, finally fills their fuse box with snow. His plan is foiled, due to a backup generator. In revenge towards finding out what that Steve blew out his power, Buddy pulls off a couple of seriously felonous tactics on Steve, but making it look as though like that they are extremely generous gifts that he wants to give them to make up for the distress that he has put them through. First, he saws down the town\'s Christmas tree and places it in the Finch\'s living room, along with giving Steve a mug of coffee and his newspaper and a note that he places on his dining room table, falsely apologizing to him and hoping that his gifts make up for the agony that he has caused Steve. The last big gift Buddy tricks Steve with that same night was by forging his signature to buy a massive shiny light blue SUV with a red ribbon tied on the top of it. When Steve later after thanking him for the gifts observes that the town\'s Christmas tree is gone, and is reported about the scandal that Buddy has pulled on him about the new car, he figures that it was all part of revenge tactics, and in response to that, he goes right to Buddy at his office, making a stink about his scandals pulled against him, and wanting to put up a fight over that and the whole lights deal if Buddy is willing. But rather than having any physical fights, it turns into being that Buddy and Steve make a bet: if Steve beats Buddy in the WinterFest speedskating race, then Buddy removes the lights; but if Buddy beats Steve, then Steve buys the car from him. When the Winter festival comes up and they race, Buddy wins, and Steve yells at him in front of the whole audience about how that he still appears to be a nobody, since the Hall house is still not visible from Space. Because of how deep in debt that Buddy has become, over how many lights he has purchased for his house, he pawns a valuable heirloom of his wife\'s, which was a vase. The discovery causes Tia to get completely upset with him, and protests about it to him while he is cutting down branches. It later causes her to take their girls and leave, while he is in the middle of a program. They go to a motel to salvage the rest of Christmas at. In the meanwhile, in frustration over how far Buddy has gone with his whole lights deals, Steve feeling very desperate buys a large amount of fireworks including a large illegal military grade firework from a gangster and tries to blow it up. He explains to the peddler that the intent of getting every one he had is to get revenge on his neighbor, Buddy for his grievances by trying to set them all off at the roof of the Halls\' house, hoping to scare Buddy to death. In response to the program ending with Buddy gloating at him by telling him over a picture of him with a plug presented by the lights telling him "Good Night, Steve.", then pulling the plug that makes the lights fade away, Steve on his roof right across the street starts setting off the fireworks. After succeeding in setting off a few at the house and raving across the street about how much Buddy must like having the World exploding all around him, Steve causes the military grade firework rocket to misfire, thus going down the chimney of the Finch house and setting the Christmas tree and living room on fire. It ends with a scene the next day of the fire department coming out from a broken window, and Sheriff Dave giving him a minor interrogation. He points out the angel from the top of that tree that got half burnt, that looked like it came from the town\'s Christmas tree that went missing , and Steve lies saying that he has no idea where that came from. The sheriff responds to him about the whole situation by telling him that he is becoming a knot in his "panties", indicating even more that he does cross dress. In response to the incident, Kelly decides to take Madison and Carter to the same motel that Tia and the girls are staying at to salvage the rest of their Christmas. Steve and Kelly get into an argument about who most is ravaging Christmas, and what she feels that Christmas is really supposed to be all about. Meanwhile, just as they leave, Buddy drives home in his truck, revealing to Steve that he wasn\'t even in his home that whole night, even revealing that the whole scare did turn out to be a complete waste. After enough grief on both sides, Buddy and Steve finally forfeit their rivalry, making peace, and as Buddy in rage tore down all of his lights, they decide to take them and build a winter wonderland with all of them and lure Tia, Kelly, and the kids home. They all sit down to a nice meal. Buddy causes Tia to forgive him by bringing back the vase that he pawned. Soon, the whole town helps put Buddy\'s lights back up in time for a story about them on MTV. They don\'t work, and everyone sings the Christmas carol "O Holy Night" and uses their cell phones as flashlights. This is where everyone makes amends, and Steve agrees to start a new family tradition. As they finish singing, Carter notices that one of the cords is not plugged in, and that is why the lights do not work. He plugs it in, causing them to shine brightly through the night. SuChin Pak , who is doing the MTV report, gets confirmation that the house is indeed visible from space. The crowd celebrates as the movie ends.'] ["A troubled and irresponsible man, Nick Wrigley  was hacked by some group of criminals who are looking for a bank account code to Nick's boss. The criminals manage to find his apartment and start beating him. They tell him they want their money by Christmas. They leave and Nick decides to run away. Nick is leaving the building when the biggest member of the gang sees him leaving and chases him. Nick manages to escape when he runs to a North Pole stage where kids meet Santa Claus. He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother's house. Meanwhile the house's mischievous 14-year-old Danny Wrigley ([[Josh Zuckerman  welcomes his uncle because he has a better relationship with him than any other person in his family. Danny's father  however is less than thrilled to see his older brother, while his wife  welcomes Nick. Danny's parents, both doctors, are called into the hospital and reluctantly leave Nick to look after their three children. On Christmas Eve, Santa comes to the house with a device that can freeze time, in order to put the family's presents under the tree unnoticed. An object hits the device, time goes back to normal, and Nick hits him unconscious. They decide to deliver Santa's presents. While Nick is delivering the presents, unbeknown to Danny he is stealing from the houses. When Danny finds out that Nick is stealing he feels betrayed and goes back home in Santa's sleigh. Meanwhile, Danny's younger siblings, Kaitlyn  and Peter ([[Rhys Williams  found an unconscious Santa  on the floor of their living room. He wakes up and convinces them that he is Santa. They find out that Danny and Nick stole the sleigh and presents and Santa says that Danny will be on the naughty list forever. When Danny comes back he apologizes to Santa, but the sleigh is broken. Nick is sitting at a bus stop when he sees the three men who had been threatening him earlier in the movie. They ask him where the address to his brother's house is . Nick doesn't answer them and they drive off. Nick realizes a second later they are going to his brother's house, which means that his family is in trouble. Nick, who still has Santa's device, races back to the house and get there just in time. He saves his family from the men using the device and the men drive away terrified. Nick returns the device to Santa and then gives Santa his beloved laptop to fix Santa's sleigh and save Christmas. The next morning, Nick wakes up and sees Santa has given him the guitar that he has wanted since childhood, but never got for Christmas because he was on the naughty list."] ['The story involves the people of Mars, including Momar  and Kimar . They\'re worried that their children Girmar  and Bomar  are watching too much Earth television, most notably station KID-TV\'s interview with Santa Claus in his workshop at the North Pole. Consulting the ancient 800-year-old Martian sage Chochem , they are advised that the children of Mars are growing distracted due to the society\'s overly rigid structure; from infancy, all their education is fed into their brains through machines and they are not allowed individuality or freedom of thought. Chochem notes that he had seen this coming "for centuries", and says the only way to help the children is to allow them their freedom and be allowed to have fun. To do this, they need a Santa Claus figure, like on Earth. Leaving the Chochem\'s cave, the Martian leaders decide to abduct Santa Claus from Earth and bring him to Mars. As the Martians could not distinguish between all the fakes Santas, they kidnapped two children to find the real one. Once this is accomplished, one Martian, Voldar, who strongly disagrees with the idea, repeatedly tries to kill Santa Claus along with two kidnapped Earth children. He believes that Santa is corrupting the children of Mars and turning them away from the race\'s original glory. When they arrive on Mars, Santa and the children build a factory to make toys for the children. However, Voldar and his assistants, Stobo and Shim, sabotage the factory and change the programming so that it makes the toys incorrectly. Meanwhile, Dropo, Kimar\'s assistant, has taken a great liking to Santa Claus and Christmas, puts on one of Santa\'s spare suits and starts acting like Santa Claus. He goes to the toy factory to make toys, but Voldar mistakes him for Santa and kidnaps him. When Santa and the children come back to the factory to make more toys, they discover the machines have been tampered with. Voldar and Stobo come back to the factory to make a deal with Kimar, but when they see the real Santa Claus they realize that their plan has been foiled. Dropo, held hostage in a cave, tricks his guard Shim and escapes. Kimar then arrests Voldar, Stobo and Shim. Santa notices Dropo acts like him, and says that Dropo would make a good Martian Santa. Kimar agrees to let Dropo be the Martian Santa Claus and sends Santa and the children back to Earth.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie starts as a flashback to Lucy Collins as a little girl. Her mother takes the kids to see a shopping mall Santa Claus, who happens to be the real one. Santa is nearing the end of his 200 year reign as St. Nick, and needs to find a replacement, someone who enjoys the Christmas season and it is shown from the heart. His search involves his hat and an elf assistant named Ralph . Nick puts the hat on every kid. If the hat glows, it means that person has the real Christmas spirit. He sees a lot of kids, and none of them glow. When Lucy sits on his lap, he puts the hat on her and it glows brightly, proving she\'d make a good new Santa Claus, though&mdash;in this flashback&mdash;his reign still has 30–40 years to go. The movie returns to present day. It is Nick\'s last Christmas as Santa, and he must find Lucy again. He locates her in Los Angeles where she works as a network executive for the "Shop-A-Lot" Channel. She seems to have forgotten about the Christmas spirit , and focuses more on her job than her family. Lucy\'s boss  wants a big sales boost for the holiday. He comes up with the idea of hiring a fake Santa Claus to advertise Christmas memorabilia. Lucy holds Santa auditions with mostly horrible participants. Lucy nearly gives up hope, but then sees Nick, who is jolly and obviously loves the season. Lucy hires him. In Nick\'s first few days at work, calls come in big numbers and the network sells more Christmas stuff than any other shopping network. After congratulations and a salary raise, Nick couldn\'t be happier. He walks around the once-unpleasant community and begins to see the Christmas spirit for which he long hoped. After a few days on the job, Nick cultures a close friendship with Lucy. He begins to tell her about his reign and his choosing her as a successor. He says if he doesn\'t find a successor, a giant flood will engulf the world, adding that that was the reason for the Noah\'s Ark story. Lucy finds it ridiculous and tries to stay away from him. One night, Nick goes to her house and tells her truthfully about his search. He tells her to close her eyes. When she opens them, she finds herself with Nick at the North Pole. Unbelievably still unconvinced, Lucy demands Nick send her home. Nick does so, and she wakes up thinking the North Pole had been a dream. She sees Nick on the couch and starts to tell him about the dream. Nick interrupts her to tell her it wasn\'t, and begs her again to put on the Santa hat and become Santa Claus. She still says no. Nick makes his final broadcast on Christmas Eve. In his closing statement, he says to never give up on Christmas spirit, and wishes everyone good luck. Lucy ponders why he says "good luck." After receiving a big thanks from the staff, Nick begins to head back to the North Pole without a successor and preparing for the flood with the elves. Before he leaves Los Angeles, he leaves the hat on Lucy\'s dresser, with a note that says it\'s never too late. When Lucy gets a ride back home from her boss, she begins to believe what Nick said about Christmas, and her role as Santa. Realizing her boss just wants money and could own Christmas, Lucy tells him to pull over, saying that no one owns Christmas. At home, she sees Nick has gone. She finds the hat and the note. Curious, she puts the hat on and it glows brightly. She realizes that she really is Santa. Back at the North Pole, they\'re preparing for the worst. Suddenly, one of the elves sees through a snow globe Lucy celebrating that she\'s Santa. Once Ralph hears about it, he and Nick go to pick up Lucy. Lucy runs out of her apartment and finds Ralph and Santa in the cab. She goes inside and transforms into Santa. Once she has her Santa suit , Nick doesn\'t have his. For the first couple of houses, Nick helps Lucy go down the chimney and deliver the toys. Before they continue, Lucy tells Ralph to stop the sled and go to a church, where her niece is performing in the choir. When she arrives, she catches her niece\'s solo, and congratulates her, her brother, and her mom. Seeing her Santa suit, they seem puzzled. Incredibly, it starts to snow in LA. With surprised faces, people run outside, and see the sleigh. Lucy\'s family begins to realize she is Santa. After Lucy says goodbye to everyone and her family, she, Nick, and Ralph go up and away into the Christmas night.'] ['The story follows a Jack Russell Terrier named Olive , who does not act at all like a dog. When she returns home from some errands, she finds her owner, Tim , putting away Christmas decorations and announcing morosely that there "won\'t be any Christmas". Olive eventually finds out that this is because Blitzen, one of Santa\'s reindeer, is injured and can not fly. Santa hopes he can make the Christmas run with "all of the other reindeer". Mishearing this on the radio as "Olive the other reindeer", Olive becomes convinced that it is she Santa is referring to, prompting her to travel to the North Pole to fill in on the sleigh team. On the way to the bus station, Olive runs into an evil mailman  who is fed up with the stress of having to deliver the heavy loads of mail during the Christmas rush. He is vengeful towards Santa for being repeatedly put on his "Naughty" list and is determined to stop Olive from saving Christmas. She then meets Martini, a con artist penguin . After buying from him a "Rolexxx," Olive goes to the "Mauvehound" bus station to buy a ticket to Arctic Junction. Martini shows up, and Olive buys him a bus ticket out of pity. Before they can leave the station, Olive is captured by the evil mailman, who tells people that Olive is wanted on several counts of mail fraud, such as "licking self-adhesive stamps and not mailing early for the holidays". After pleading to Martini to help her, Martini rolls several pens along the ground, tripping up the mailman. Martini and Olive then catch the bus right before it leaves, with the mailman watching them drive away. On the bus, Olive and Martini talk to two Eskimos  and driver Richard Stans . They all believe Olive misheard Santa, but wish her luck anyway. The mailman pulls up next to the bus in his mail truck, but Martini fashions a paper airplane out of stationery and throws it at the mailman, knocking him off the road. When they arrive at Arctic Junction, there is a one-hour wait for the next bus, so they go inside the restaurant for some food. After failing to rally everyone to support Olive, they order some food. The group does not know that their waitress is really the mailman, dressed up with a blue wig and a nametag that reads "Flo." The mailman lures Olive outside, saying that Santa is going to give her a flying test. Then, once outside, he throws Olive inside his truck. While he is driving away, Olive finds a package addressed to her from "Deus Ex Machina." The package is a metal file Olive uses to escape. Back at the Junction, Richard says he can not give Olive and Martini a ride, because he is needed at the depot, and does not want to lose his job. The two go inside the Top of the World Bar, and are initially harassed by Round John Virgin and Schnitzel, Blitzen\'s flightless cousin. They apologize for their behavior  and Round John Virgin offers Martini and Olive a ride to the North Pole in his vehicle, named The Polar Express. At the North Pole, Olive is denied entrance to see Santa, but Martini gives the guard a watch as if it was a gift from Santa. When the guard asks Martini to fix it, he says he needs to kill the alarm, because the electromagnetic waves will interfere with the signal from a satellite. Olive digs under the fence, and proceeds to find Santa. Besides Blitzen\'s injury, he\'s not sure he wants to go out on Christmas Eve, because he\'s received mean-spirited letters from some children. Olive convinces him that the mean letters from children are really from the mailman, since they have no postmark, and is put with the other reindeer to fly Santa\'s sleigh. Before they leave, the mailman switches the toy bag with his own bag of junk mail and kidnaps Martini. After the sleigh lands at the first house and Olive realizes what has happened, Olive uses the mailman\'s scent to track him and scares the mailman out of his wits as he thinks Olive is a Ghost. Martini uses a jack-in-the-box to scare the mailman, who hits the window and is knocked unconscious. They retrieve the presents and rescue Martini, and then deliver the presents to the world . Lost in a fog, Olive guides them back to the North Pole by smelling the gingerbread cookies Ms. Claus baked. As a present, Olive is given a pair of antlers to wear. She goes home and makes amends with Tim, who is glad that she does not care if she is different from other dogs. Meantime, bound with packing tape and cardboard wings, the mailman is put in the penguin exhibit in the zoo in place of Martini, and Martini becomes the new mailman, while everyone enjoys Christmas Day.'] ['A man who claims to be Santa Claus  arrives at the Orlando International Airport in Florida. Ernest P. Worrell  is working as a taxi driver. He takes a passenger to the airport, but speeds and the passenger falls out of the taxi. Ernest later picks up Santa Claus, who tells Ernest that he is on his way to inform a local celebrity named Joe Carruthers  that he has been chosen to be the new Santa Claus. Carruthers hosts a children\'s program named Uncle Joey\'s Treehouse in the Orlando area similar to Mister Rogers\' Neighborhood with emphasis on manners and integrity with the catchphrase "They never get old. They always stay new. Those three little words, Please and Thank You.". While they are driving, a runaway teenage girl  who says she is named Harmony Starr joins Ernest and Santa in the cab. When they get to their destination, Santa possesses no legal currency , so in his giving Christmas spirit, Ernest lets him ride for free. The decision gets Ernest fired from his job. Back at the taxi garage, Ernest discovers that Santa left his magic sack behind in the cab, and Ernest begins a quest to find the old man and return it to him. Santa arrives at the Orlando Children\'s Museum to talk to Joe, but is interrupted and rebuffed by Joe\'s agent Marty Brock. Marty misunderstands Santa\'s name, thinking he said "Mr. Santos," and continues to call him by that name, even when Santa tells him his real name. Santa begins to worry as he then discovers he lost his sack, and becomes more discouraged as he realizes he is becoming forgetful in his old age . Joe does not believe Santa\'s story and Marty has Santa arrested. Meanwhile, Ernest goes over to his friend Vern\'s house to put up a Christmas tree, much to Vern\'s distress . Ernest poses as Astor Clement, an employee of the governor and Harmony as the governor\'s niece Mindy, and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa believing that he is Santa Claus is "infectious insanity" and he must be taken to solitary confinement. Ernest disguises himself as an Apopka snake rancher  who sneaks Santa into a movie studio and speaks to a security guard about delivering the snakes to people who direct horror films. Meanwhile, Marty presses Joe to quit his children\'s job, shave his beard, and instead land a part in a horror film titled Christmas Slay a movie about an alien which terrorizes a bunch of children on Christmas Eve which offends Santa so deeply he punches the director in the eye. Santa tracks down Joe at his home, but Joe finally tells Santa, "Thanks...no thanks." Later on, however, Joe is overcome by conscience when the director of the movie wants him to use foul language, which he refuses to say in front of the kids on the set. Ernest and Harmony  discover the magic power of Santa\'s sack, and immediately Pamela starts to abuse it. She steals the sack, and attempts to run away yet again. On Christmas Eve, however, her conscience prevails, and she rushes back to find Ernest and Santa and return the sack. Eventually, Joe finds Santa on Christmas Eve at the Children\'s Museum and accepts the job. For the first year, however, Ernest gets to drive the sleigh. The film ends with, "Merry Christmas To All And To All A Good Night," followed by a sleigh dash that spells, KnowWhatIMean?, one of Ernest\'s catchphrases.'] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ["Spelling plays Carol Cartman, a conceited sensationalist talk show host. She is cynical, selfish, and generally treats her employees with cold contempt. She has been molded this way by her late Aunt Marla . On Christmas Eve, she is haunted by her Aunt who warns her of the mistake she made and the terrible fate awaiting her if she doesn't change. In the tradition of the original story, she is visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future. She is shown how she will die alone and unloved if she doesn't change. At the end, she becomes a warm, caring person vowing to make amends. She goes on to her television show and makes a touching speech to her audience about the importance of Christmas and giving. At the very end, the three Christmas Spirits reappear outside Carol's sister's house, where Carol decided to go after all for the holidays, and comment on their work at transforming Carol Cartman, a twist not seen in any adaptation of A Christmas Carol up to then, and which would be repeated three years later, at the end of Bah, Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas."] ['Willie T. Stokes works the holiday seasons as a mall Santa with his dwarf friend, Marcus, who works as Santa\'s elf. Every Christmas Eve they disable the security alarm after hours and rob the mall; afterwards, Marcus returns to living with his wife, Lois, while Willie goes to Miami and spends all his money on alcohol and other hedonistic, self-destructive and usually illegal pursuits. The next year at a new mall in Phoenix, Willie\'s alcoholic rants arouse the suspicions of mall Manager Bob Chipeska, who asks Security Chief Gin Slagel to investigate. Willie meets bartender Sue, and they begin a relationship. He also meets a pudgy, preteen boy, whom he nicknames the Kid, during their visit in the mall. When he leaves a bar a hostile man confronts Willie, but the Kid stops the man from beating Willie. A lonely, unpopular boy, the Kid lives with his senile grandmother; his mother is dead and his father is in prison for embezzlement. Willie takes the Kid home and breaks into the safe, taking the money and his father\'s BMW. Irritated by Willie\'s reckless behavior, Marcus berates him for his new car, his alcoholism and his flirtatiousness with customers. When Gin breaks into Willie\'s motel room posing as a police officer, Willie moves in with the Kid. During his time spent with the Kid, Willie starts to show small signs of kindness, offering the Kid advice on fighting and playing checkers. Willie causes more trouble at the mall but continues to spend time with Sue and the Kid. Marcus is continually disgusted by how unreliable Willie has become. Gin, meanwhile, discovers the history of the criminals and he demands half of the loot, creating further friction between Willie and Marcus. Willie goes to the mall drunk and destroys a nativity display. Marcus and Gin try to cover it up, but get into an argument. The next day, Willie tries to commit suicide, giving the Kid a letter explaining the mall robbery. He changes his mind when he sees how the bullies have blackened the Kid\'s eye; Willie beats up the lead bully. Willie feels that he did something good for the first time in his life. To make sure the Kid can defend himself, Willie and Marcus try to teach him how to box. The Kid gives Willie a Christmas present in advance: a wooden pickle he bloodied when he cut himself carving it. He gives Willie a low-grade report card, hoping to make him happy. Willie learns the Kid\'s name is Thurman Merman. Thurman asks for a pink stuffed elephant this year, since he has not received any presents for the past two years. That night, Marcus and Lois murder Gin with their van when he refuses to take less than half the money. On Christmas Eve, Sue helps Willie and Thurman decorate their house for Christmas. Willie leaves to rob the mall with Marcus. After cracking the safe, Willie takes a stuffed elephant for Thurman. However, Marcus produces a gun and plans to kill Willie because he is too unreliable. Willie, in tears, asks Marcus and Lois if they really need everything they steal. Fortunately for Willie, the police arrive, having been tipped off by Willie\'s letter that Thurman gave them. Willie flees and speeds (to the sound of [[Nocturnes, Op. 9  to Thurman\'s house to give him his present; he arrives at the house but the police shoot him eight times in front of the neighborhood. Willie survives and avoids prison time because of the letter and the fact that an unarmed man dressed in a Santa suit getting shot eight times in front of screaming children "is more fucked up than Rodney King", as Willie puts it. The police arrest Marcus and Lois. Sue is legally given guardianship of Thurman and Willie receives a sensitivity trainer job for the police department. Thurman walks outside to fix his new bike. The bully that had previously tormented him is waiting outside his house and confronts him, but Thurman kicks him in the testicles and rides away with a carefree attitude.'] ['After Luther Krank  and Nora Krank  see their daughter, Blair  depart for a Peace Corps assignment in Peru on the Sunday following Thanksgiving, empty nest syndrome sets in. Luther calculates the couple spent $6,132 during the previous year\'s holiday season and, not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter, he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations, gifts, and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead. Skeptical at first, Nora finally agrees under the condition that they still give a donation to the church and Children\'s Hospital. Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees and they begin planning the trip. The Kranks are amazed to discover they are considered pariahs as a result of their decision. Luther\'s co-workers think he has become Ebenezer Scrooge when he gives all his employees letters that state about his Christmas boycott, local stationer Aubie is distressed to lose the couple\'s order for their engraved greeting cards and Christmas Eve party invitations, the Boy Scout troop is upset and angered when the Kranks refuse to purchase one of their Christmas trees to help the scouts make enough money for a camporee, and the police are stunned to discover they won\'t be buying this year\'s calendar from them. Most vocal in their objections are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer  and Walt Scheel . Vic, who\'s the unelected leader of the street, organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home so Hemlock Street won\'t lose the coveted award for best decorations. Walt doesn\'t seem to like Luther, so his efforts are primarily personal. However, it is revealed that Walt\'s wife Bev is suffering from cancer, perhaps dampening his holiday spirits. Children picket, led by Vic\'s son Spike , neighbors constantly call, and Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks\' holiday spirit by singing on their lawn which Luther stops them by freezing his front lawn. Even the newspaper gets into the act by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states that the Kranks\' street has lost the prize and won sixth place because of how Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house. Still, Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground. The two are in the process of packing on Christmas Eve morning when they receive a call from Blair, who announces she\'s at Miami International Airport, en route home with her Peruvian fiancé as a surprise for her parents. She\'s anxious to introduce Enrique to her family\'s holiday traditions, and when she asks if they\'re having their usual party that night, a panicked Nora says yes, much to Luther\'s dismay. Comic chaos ensues as the couple finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare before their daughter and future son-in-law arrive. While Nora scrambles to find food, especially Blair\'s favorite ham, Luther buys a tree from the Boy Scouts but they only have one left; a dead, ugly, non-green tree. Luther buys it anyway but rejects it by throwing it in his backyard. While Spike leads a picket at the Kranks\', Luther arranges to borrow the tree of neighbor Wes Trogdon who is going away for a couple of days. Luther and Spike try to transport it across the street on Spike\'s Radio Flyer wagon, only for the neighbors to confuse this to be Luther stealing the family\'s Christmas tree, and to be stopped by the police, who assume they have stopped a robbery in progress. Spike comes to Luther\'s rescue. Nora comes home enraged at Luther for making the borrowed Christmas tree a "Disaster" and how she had to buy "Smoked Trout" to replace the honey ham . Once it is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home, the neighbors, led by Vic, come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair. Blair calls to say she landed from Miami. After giving everybody including Blair and Enrique, an unthankful and non-friendly toast, Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise when she confronts him for the toast, but she refuses, disgusted that he isn\'t happy that Blair\'s home. Luther sadly slips out of the house and goes across the street to the Scheel home. Bev\'s cancer, once in remission, has returned and, knowing this may be their last holiday together, Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him and Nora, going so far as to offer to take care of their hated cat, Muffles, who\'s always under Luther\'s foot. At first they decline, but ultimately they accept his generosity, and Luther, whose holiday spirit has been renewed, realizes that skipping Christmas wasn\'t as good an idea as he had originally thought.'] ['A respected zoology professor  who is obsessed with proving that reindeer can actually fly meets up with the real Santa Claus .'] [' Huey, Dewey and Louie wake up on a Christmas morning and open up their presents, even though they are supposed to first wait for Daisy, Uncle Scrooge, and Aunt Gertie to arrive. After the boys took their new sleds from Uncle Donald  and went sledding, had a Christmas dinner, and sang carols, it was time for them to go to bed. Having enjoyed the day immensely, the boys then wish that it would be Christmas every day. Their wish is granted and at first the three are joyful. After a few days, however, they begin to get sick of Christmas, so they then decide to change the course of the day by making tricks and pranks, including swapping the cooked turkey with a live one for the dinner table. The day turns out to be a bad Christmas. After learning how hard their family had tried to make the holiday better for them, the boys become guilty for their pranks. They then decide to make amends and turn the next day the best Christmas Day ever, thus ending the time loop.  Goofy and Max are mailing out a letter to Santa Claus. However, as soon as they get home, Pete, the neighbor, tells Max that Santa doesn\'t exist as he quotes "Well think of it. An old guy in a red suit? Crusing the whole entire world in one night? Using reindeer what fly? Why it\'s practicaly impossible! Look kid, I\'ve been around, see? Been all the foreign lands, Brooklyn included, and I\'ve never seen, nor met a soul who\'s seen, this Santy Claus fellow." Things get worse when Goofy poses as Santa for some kids and Max finds out that he tricked him. Goofy is determined to prove to Max that Santa does exist and even stays up all Christmas Eve to keep an eye out for him. But after falling off the roof, Goofy gives up hope of Santa coming. Now, Max does everything that Goofy did to make his father happy, including posing as Santa. In the end, the real Santa actually comes and gives Max the gift the boy asked for earlier . This segment of Mickey\'s Once Upon a Christmas chronologically precedes the cartoon series, Goof Troop.  Based on the story by O. Henry. Mickey wants to get Minnie a gold chain for her one heirloom, her watch, so he works at Crazy Pete\'s Tree Lot. Minnie wants to give Mickey something special for Christmas as well, so she works hard to get her special bonus. However, Pete takes all of Mickey\'s money when he ruins his chance of selling an expensive 10-footer to a poor family and Minnie\'s bonus proves to be nothing but a fruit cake. After playing music for a toy drive with the Firehouse Five, Mickey has the idea that he can trade his harmonica for the chain. Back at Minnie\'s house, Mickey gives her the chain for her watch and Minnie gives him a case for his harmonica. Of course, the irony is that Minnie no longer has her watch—just as Mickey no longer has his harmonica—so the gifts are essentially useless. As in the classic Gift of the Magi upon which this adaptation—penned by Richard Cray—is based, the thought behind each gift is what counts.http://www.blockbusteronline.com/movies/mickeys-once-upon-a-christmas.html In "The Gift of Magi", Mickey\'s dance moves are very similar to his dance routine in the 1942 theatrical short, "Mickey\'s Birthday Party".'] ['Shot in the mockumentary style, Stalking Santa follows Lloyd Darrow  a self-proclaimed "Santologist," who has made it his life\'s mission - and obsession - to scientifically prove the existence of Santa Claus. It\'s an obsession that takes him from the hieroglyphics of Egypt to a Midwestern shopping mall at Christmastime, as his friends and family wonder whether he\'s lost his mind. Throughout this journey Darrow must also deal with his wife Barb , who supports him both emotionally and financially, the dysfunctional devotion from his intern Clarence , and a growing resentment from his 12-year-old son Keith . William Shatner is the film\'s unseen narrator and interviewer.'] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ['Scott Calvin/Santa Claus , and his wife, Carol , are expecting their first child as Christmas Eve approaches. Carol is missing her family, so Scott invites his in-laws, Silvia and Bud Newman , up to the North Pole, along with his ex-wife, Laura , her husband, Neil , and their daughter, Lucy , to keep Mrs. Claus company. Meanwhile, he is summoned to a meeting of the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , the Easter Bunny , Cupid , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . Jack Frost  also arrives and is in trouble. He is jealous that he has no holiday or special occasion in his honor, and has been promoting himself during the Christmas season. Mother Nature accuses him of attempting to upstage Santa, and suggests sanctions against him. Frost manages to negotiate a light sentence of community service at the North Pole, but immediately sets out to sabotage operations there. His ultimate goal is to trick Santa into renouncing his position, and he sneaks into Santa\'s closet of snowglobes and steals the one that involkes the escape clause . When Lucy discovers this crime Jack Frost blackmails her by freezing her parents to force her to remain silent. Jack Frost causes trouble for the family that makes Scott think that he must resign to make things better; Jack tricks Scott into invoking the escape clause and gets to Santa\'s fallen coat first thus making him top man; Santa. Frost in his Santa job exploits the North Pole into a carnival and through shameless self-promotion, turning it into a tourist trap on the globe with the elves\' forced labor where people pay to have kids put on the nice list or to pay to make a toy for the naughty kids. Scott is sent back to the present, where he has been the CEO for his old company for the last twelve years and works even on Christmas Eve. His non-Santa life is a disappointment, with his business taking priority over everything and his son loathing him for his lack of attention over the years. Scott promises to set things right and so wanting his Santa job back he flies to the North Pole and sees the offensive North Pole carnival. He confronts Jack Frost as Santa who is still aware of his trickery on Scott and realizing he cannot reform Frost Scott tricks Jack Frost into putting his voice of the escape clause on a microphone like pen and then has Lucy who is attending the carnival go steal the snowglobe and bring it to him; Jack Frost finds out and takes the globe but Scott then records Jack saying "I wish I\'d never been Santa at all" thus invoking the escape clause and causing him and Jack to be sent back to the time when Scott became Santa for the first time and letting Scott restrain Jack enough to let his past figure of Scott get the coat thus making him Santa again and taking him back to the North Pole and the family where no time has passed since. Scott back as Santa, when entering the toy factory reconciles with his family and is happier until he sees Lucy finally get the courage to inform Scott what Frost did to her parents; Jack is arrested by elf police officers and he reveals that he cannot unfreeze his victims unless he is unfrozen himself; Scott and Lucy then use a gift Scott gave her; a snowglobe of her warmly hugging a snowman, to unfreeze Frost and reform him to thus resolve the conflicts in the movie; in the ending Santa sees Buddy Claus get born just 3 hours before he must deliver Christmas gifts.'] ['Ginny Grainger  is the mother of two children, Abbie  and Cal . Her husband, Jack , has been out of work since June, and the family has to move out of the company house by January 1. He enjoys fixing bikes in his basement and hopes to give a bike to his children\'s friend, Molly Monaghan, who is poor and that\'s all she wants for Christmas. Although Jack would like to open a bike shop of his own, doing so would use up all their savings, which Ginny sees as a foolish move. In order to make ends meet, she works as a cashier at a grocery store. Christmas is looming on the horizon which is causing even more trouble for Ginny and like Scrooge, she loses sight of the true meaning of Christmas. One night, Abbie goes across the street to the mailbox to send a letter to Santa Claus. After she mails it, Gideon , an angel who has been watching the Graingers, retrieves Abbie\'s letter from the mailbox and returns it to her saying that her mother should mail it. She agrees, and as she\'s crossing the street to return to the house, a car barrels down the road towards her. Gideon stops the impending accident and allows Abbie to cross the street without incident. The next day, the Graingers visit Jack\'s grandfather. He gives the children presents: Cal a book his mother used to read to him and Abbie a snow globe of the North Pole. That night Gideon visits Abbie in her room only to learn that Ginny did not mail Abbie\'s letter to Santa Claus. While talking to her, he purposely drops the snow globe she has been given and it breaks, but then he magically repairs it. He says he can fix a glass ball, but not her mother. Gideon tells Abbie that some things are going to happen tomorrow and not to be afraid. Meanwhile, Ginny and Jack are in the kitchen talking about their finances. He reiterates his desire to open a bike business, but she feels that he should find a new job, as the time to start turning a profit from a business would be too long. Frustrated, Jack storms out of the house to go for a walk. Ginny races after him to try to work things out. Ominously, all the Christmas lights begin turning off all around her, as to show that the last of the Christmas spirit has been drained from her. The next day, Christmas Eve, Ginny gets a ride to work from a friend. They stop at a gas station, where she sees a man trying to sell some of his possessions in order to support himself and his son, with little success. She shrugs this situation off and goes on with her day. Jack goes to the bank to take some money out of their savings to do some Christmas shopping for the kids. The children are supposed to wait in the car, but Abbie sees the grocery store where her mom works and goes over to say \'hi\'. Ginny asks where Abbie\'s father is and she tells her he\'s at the bank. Ginny storms out of the store to take Abbie back to the car and stop Jack, only to have her boss see her leave and he fires her. Ginny puts Abbie back in the car and enters the bank only to discover that the man who was trying to sell his possessions at the gas station is holding up the bank. Jack attempts to quell the situation, but the man shoots him. In a panic, the gunman flees the bank and hops into the family\'s car with Abbie and Cal still inside. Ginny realizes that the gunman just stole the car with the children in it, so she gets in the gunman\'s car and chases after him, but the car runs out of gas before she can catch up with him. The gunman comes to a bridge where the police have set up a road-block. He tries to swerve around it, but the car skids and swerves off the bridge into the river below. After learning of the death of both her husband and children, Ginny returns home to an empty house, spirit broken, and weeps. Soon after, Jack\'s grandfather comes to the house to inform her that the kids have been found standing on the side of the road. The police believe that the gunman dropped them off before the crash, when in reality the angel Gideon had rescued them from the river. When they return home, Ginny informs them that their father has died and is not coming back. Later that night, Abbie runs away to the town\'s Christmas tree in hopes of finding Gideon to ask him to bring back her dad. Gideon tells her that he can\'t fix things like what has happened to her dad. He tells her that the only person who can bring him back is Santa Claus. Meanwhile, Ginny goes into a panic looking for Abbie, who has gone missing. Gideon takes Abbie with him to the North Pole to talk with Santa Claus. Santa informs her that he too cannot fix what has happened nor can he bring the Christmas spirit back to Ginny, but Abbie can. Santa then takes her through his factory which is run by "ordinary, nice people," not elves. In the mailroom, he retrieves a letter that Ginny had written to Santa years ago when she was a child, and tells her that the letter may hold the key to helping her mother. Gideon returns Abbie to her house and she gives her mother the letter. Ginny reads it and finally realizes the true meaning of Christmas: to celebrate what you have and not what you want. She walks outside to the mailbox and mails Abbie\'s letter to Santa. Gideon appears next to her and says, "Good night, Ginny. Merry Christmas." She smiles and replies, "Good night, Gideon." Just then, all the Christmas lights begin to come back on and from around the corner, Jack reappears and she runs to hug him. The next day, Ginny re-lives the events of that Christmas Eve, but this time with a different attitude. At the gas station she buys a camp stove from the would-be gunman who thanks her and wishes her a Merry Christmas. At the grocery store, she tells her boss that she won\'t be coming into work that day. He responds, "Go, and don\'t come back." He then smiles and says, "Until Thursday morning." Then she writes a check to Jack for the bike business and the kids give Molly a bike. That night, she hears something downstairs and finds Santa putting presents under the tree. He then stops and looks at her and says, "Merry Christmas, Ginny." She smiles and with tear-filled eyes, finally says the words she has been unable to speak for so long: "Merry Christmas!"'] ["King Nicholas XX  has been Santa Claus for 100 years and is now preparing to hand over the baton to his, and the Queen's  son, Nick St. Nicholas . Nick St. Nicholas is living the high life in Miami and is slightly reluctant to become Santa Claus. Jasper , Nick's butler hires a new cook, Lorena . He then gets enticed into portraying a fictitious Santa Claus for a charity  by Heidi  and Hector . Nick begins to fall in love with Heidi and asks her to marry him, little does he know that Hector and Heidi are transferring the charity's money into their own account in the Cayman Islands."] ['At Christmas time, Bill Firpo , a straight-laced New York restaurant manager, gets an unpleasant Christmas gift. His brothers Dave  and Alvin  are paroled early due to overcrowding and placed in Bill\'s custody. Dave and Alvin ask their brother to take them to Paradise, Pennsylvania to do a favor for a fellow inmate of theirs. Bill refuses because one, his brothers are not allowed out of New York State and two, he knows Dave\'s pathological tendencies. He only agrees after getting tied to a robbery their brothers made via his dropped wallet. When they discover Paradise\'s bank is light on security, Bill feels the urge to rob it if he had a gun. Fortunately, there are guns in the Infiniti sedan Dave and Alvin borrowed. With Alvin driving a stolen decrepit car, Bill and Dave storm the bank. The wife of the bank\'s president  tells them that the bank safe door is locked and the president, Mr. Clifford Anderson , who has the key, is having lunch in the restaurant nearby. While Dave stays in the bank doing yoga breathing with the hostages, Alvin and Bill charge into the restaurant and call in a robbery. They order all customers to come with Bill to the bank so that no one calls the police when they go. Mr. Anderson opens the safe\'s door and Bill checks for motion sensors via a perfume. He steps over the sensors, gets the money, but while getting out of the safe, he touches the sensors via one of the money bags. Bill and Dave rush out of the bank and get away with their crime, stealing $275,000. While trying to get out of town with their car and stolen money, Alvin, who\'s driving, gets them lost. A police car turns on the sirens and they try to evade getting caught. Because the Infiniti has no snow chains, it drifts over a bridge and gets wrecked. The police officer does not see them crash and drives past the bridge, but another car stops and offers them a ride. Due to the interstates being closed, the man takes them to his relatives to stay over for Christmas. After arriving at the house, they find out it is the house of the bank president Mr. Anderson. However, the relatives don\'t recognize them because they were covering their faces with ski masks while robbing the bank. Vic Mazzucci , the inmate who gave Dave and Alvin the tip about the low security of this bank, gets enraged that they robbed the bank and gets out of jail. He and his henchman, Caesar, takes their mother, Edna  hostage and threatens to kill her unless they give him the stolen money. Bill gets bus tickets and while getting out, the FBI asks him to open the bag he is carrying with him, which contains all of the money. The bag is grabbed by Ed Dawson ([[John Ashton  and Clovis Minor , two inept shopkeepers, made "deputies" by the local police chief. Bill tricks the FBI through shooting rounds from Ed\'s gun in the ground making the crowd run around and gets away with his bag. However, they miss their bus. They then try to get away via a boat. The boat is headed towards a waterfall and Alvin falls into the water. The town people pull Alvin out of water and rescue him through CPR. Alvin steals a horse carriage from the police chief\'s son. The police chase the carriage but after they drive into the forest the police cars were unable to continue the chase. They ditch the horse carriage and decide to hitchhike. However, the horse, Merlin, gets pulled into the water making them save it and go to a truck stop instead. There Bill and Alvin decide to return the money to the bank while Dave refuses, knowing that their mother would be killed if they do so . Alvin, then, reveals to Bill he is not wanted in New York and that he\'s had his brother\'s wallet, all along. Upset, Bill leaves his two brothers, then heads off to return the money and asks strangers for a ride to Paradise. By coincidence, he winds up getting a ride with Vic and Caesar, who are holding his mother hostage. Bill shows them his mother\'s picture, whereupon Vic tries to shoot him so he can get the money Bill has in the bag. Bill jumps out of the car and escapes, rescued by Dave, Alvin, and Merlin. They try to get the money back into the bank but trigger the alarm through using the wrong safe door key. They then give the money to a church with a letter requesting to return it to the town\'s people. Trying to get away, Ed and Clovis, who had sold the Firpoes the ski masks before the robbery, recognize them and want the money for themselves. Ed and Clovis therefore go with Bill, Dave, and Alvin to the Anderson house. Vic and Caesar are there and knock Ed out, then take Clovis and the Firpoes hostage, along with everyone else there. The police sees the license plates in front of the Anderson house of a stolen car and therefore order Vic and Caesar to come out with their hands held up. While the inmates are busy figuring out what to do, they get attacked by the chief\'s son who immobilizes Caesar and shoots Vic. The police rush into the house and take everyone to the office. There, FBI agent Peyser  tries to figure out what happened and because the town\'s people hide what they know about Bill, Alvin, and Dave and the church pastor returns the money to the police, they release them. Bill stays in Paradise to be with Sarah Collins , Vic\'s daughter and a tenant of the Andersons, while Alvin and Dave return with their mother to New York.'] ['The film is set in Hohman, Indiana, a fictionalized version of Shepherd\'s hometown of Hammond, Indiana. Nine-year-old Ralph "Ralphie" Parker  wants only one thing for Christmas: a Red Ryder BB Gun with a compass in the stock, and "this thing which tells time" . While using various schemes to convince his parents to get him this gift he continually bumps into objections from others saying, "You\'ll shoot your eye out." In each of the film\'s three acts Ralphie makes his case to another adult and each time receives the same reply. When Ralphie asks his mother for a Red Ryder BB gun for Christmas, she refuses. Next, when Ralphie writes an essay about wanting the BB gun for Miss Shields , his teacher at Warren G. Harding Elementary School, Ralphie gets a C+, and Miss Shields warns him of shooting his eye out. Later, Ralphie asks a local department store\'s Santa Claus  for a Red Ryder BB gun, and Santa tells him the same thing before pushing Ralphie down a long exit slide with his boot. One day after he gets the C+ on his composition, Ralphie is hit in the face with a snowball thrown at him by the local bully, Scut Farkus  and his sidekick Grover Dill . Ralphie begins to cry and Farkus teases and taunts him until he snaps. Ralphie charges Farkus and begins to pummel him. During the fight, Ralphie shouts profanity non-stop as he lands blow after blow to the squealing Farkus. When Grover attempts to intervene, Ralphie pushes him away and continues beating Farkus at will. Ralphie\'s brother, Randy , gets their mother , who pulls her son off the bully, and takes him home. This incident occurs shortly after Ralphie was punished for cursing while helping his father change a flat tire. Ralphie is worried about the cursing and is sure he will again be punished when his father gets home from work. Instead, Ralphie\'s mother tells his father about the fight casually at the dinner table. She then changes the subject of the conversation to an upcoming Chicago Bears game, distracting his father and getting Ralphie off the hook in the process. On Christmas morning, Ralphie looks frantically for a box that would hold the BB gun to no avail. He and Randy have received a number of presents, but he is disappointed because he did not get the gun. As he accepts this fact and sits with his parents, his father points out one last half-hidden present, ostensibly from Santa. As the joyful Ralphie unwraps the BB gun, Mr. Parker explains the purchase to his surprised wife, stating that he had one himself when he was 8 years old. Ralphie goes out to test his new gun, shooting at a paper target perched on top of a metal sign, and predictably gets a ricochet from the metal sign. This ricochet ends up hitting his cheek and glasses, sending them flying and knocking out a lens. While searching for the glasses, Ralphie inadvertently steps on and crushes the other side. He concocts a story about an icicle falling on him and breaking his glasses, which his mother believes, thanks in part to Ralphie\'s realistic sobbing. She takes him upstairs to dry his face and forgets to close the door. This allows a horde of the Bumpuses  dogs, who frequently torment Ralphie\'s father, to enter the house and devour the Christmas turkey that is cooling on the kitchen table. Making a last-minute decision, Mr. Parker takes the family out to a Chinese restaurant where they have a hilarious time dining on duck which adult Ralphie calls "Chinese turkey". The film ends with Ralphie lying in bed on Christmas night with his gun by his side. Randy is holding the toy zeppelin he received. The voiceover states that this was the best present he had ever received or would ever receive.  Several subplots are incorporated into the body of the film, based on other separate short stories by Shepherd. The most notable involves the Old Man\'s   entering a sweepstakes, and winning a "major award." A large crate marked "FRAGILE"  arrives, and the Old Man remarks, "Fra-JEE-lay! Must be Italian!" Inside is a lamp shaped like a woman\'s leg wearing a fishnet stocking. Mrs. Parker does not see its charm and the "battle of the lamp" escalates until she breaks the lamp, infuriating the Old Man. The leg is the logo of the contest\'s sponsor, the Nehi Bottling Company, but the details of the contest were not made clear in the film.{{cite book}} Other vignettes include: * Ralphie\'s father is almost constantly complaining or cursing about something, be it his car or the family\'s home furnace. The father\'s cursing episodes are depicted using nonsensical gibberish. * Ralphie\'s friends Flick  and Schwartz  arguing over whether a person\'s tongue will stick to a frozen flagpole. Schwartz ultimately issues Flick a "triple dog dare" and Flick\'s tongue gets stuck to the pole. A suction tube within the flagpole was used to simulate the freezing of Flick\'s tongue to the pole.{{cite web}} * Ralphie receiving his Secret Society decoder pin from the Little Orphan Annie radio show after weeks of anxious waiting. However, he learns a lesson in advertising, as the secret message proves to be a promotional message from one of the radio program\'s sponsors, Ovaltine. "A crummy COMMERCIAL!" he gripes. * Ralphie and his friends dealing with the neighborhood bully, Scut Farkus, and his toadie, Grover Dill. * While helping his father change a flat tire, Ralphie letting slip the dreaded "Queen Mother of Dirty Words," the "F-dash-dash-dash" word . Later, when asked where he\'d heard the bad word, Ralphie falsely blames Schwartz. Ralphie\'s mother calls and reports this falsehood to Schwartz\'s mother, who proceeds to immediately spank Schwartz vigorously while still on the phone. Ralphie himself gets a bar of soap in the mouth for saying the word. * The numerous smelly and bothersome bloodhounds of the Parkers\' hillbilly neighbors, the Bumpuses, including the dogs destroying the Christmas turkey, prompting the family to go out and have Peking duck instead. * Several fantasy sequences depict Ralphie\'s daydreams of glory and vindication, including the vanquishing of a small army of villains  with his Red Ryder BB gun and obtaining his parents\' gratitude, receiving an extremely good grade for his written theme about the BB gun, and parental remorse over a case of "soap poisoning." * Randy\'s refusal to eat a meal on his own brings hilarity between him and his mother at the dinner table. * At the Chinese restaurant, the employees sing "Deck the Halls" and "Jingle Bells" with a stereotyped Asian accent where the English /l/ is articulated incorrectly . * Ralphie\'s "Aunt Clara" gives him pink bunny pajamas on Christmas morning, much to his annoyance and discomfort. He then claims his Aunt Clara repeatedly believes that he is 4 years old, and a girl besides. His mother is the only one impressed with Aunt Clara\'s weird gift, as his father says the outfit makes him look like "a deranged Easter Bunny" and allows Ralphie to take it off. * A deleted scene featured Ralphie on the Planet Mongo saving Flash Gordon from Ming the Merciless with his BB Gun.<ref nameDeleted Scenes| urlA Christmas Story House & Museum| accessdate=December 21, 2011}}'] ['Eight years have gone by since divorced father Scott Calvin  first took up the Santa Claus suit, and became subject to The Santa Clause. Now he is at the top of his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least until Bernard  and Curtis , the Keeper of the Handbook of Christmas break the news that there is another clause - the "Mrs. Clause" that is so old it had only just been noticed hidden in the contract. Santa/Scott now has to get married before the next Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will die away. At the same time, Abby the Elf  delivers news that is more distressing; his 16-year-old son, Charlie , is on the naughty list. It then cuts to him one night defacing the walls of the school gymnasium from the skywindow until he is caught by Principal Carol Newman . Scott must return to his hometown to search for a wife and set things right with Charlie. He even brings this up when visited by the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , Cupid , the Easter Bunny , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . In the meantime, Scott stays with his ex-wife Laura  and her husband Neil . The two have grown to adore and idolize him simply because he\'s Santa. They now have a daughter named Lucy  who sees Scott as an uncle-figure but suspects that he\'s Santa Claus. To cover for Santa\'s prolonged absence, Curtis helps him create a life-size toy replica of him, much to Bernard\'s horror. However, this larger-than-life legalist cannot find any grace, mercy, or slack in his plastic heart for minor infractions by children all over the world, having followed the handbook too strictly. Toy Santa takes control of the North Pole, turns it into a strict and evil government, with a duplicated army of life-size toy soldiers and he puts Bernard under house arrest when Bernard attempts to tell the elves that Toy Santa is a fake. He thinks that everyone is naughty,  and he plans to give the entire world lumps of coal. Because of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-Santafication process" which gradually turns him back into Scott Calvin. He has a limited amount of magic to help him. He attempts to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to get attention. They both hit the cold hard wall of Principal Carol Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers. Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is Santa. Scott vows to try harder as a dad, and they reconcile. After a few failed dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol. He accompanies her in a sleigh to their school faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be dull and boring. Using a little of his Christmas magic, he livens it up by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts . He makes a special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately. However, she balks when he attempts to explain that he is Santa, believing that he is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince her by showing her his magic snow globe. Curtis flies in to deliver the dreadful news about the Evil Toy Santa\'s coal binge and urges him to return to the North Pole to save Christmas. Unfortunately, Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, Comet has eaten too many chocolate bars and Curtis\' jetpack has been destroyed upon arrival. After convincing the Tooth Fairy that he is Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy flies Scott and Curtis back to the North Pole but they are captured by the toy soldiers. Toy Santa wastes no time in tying him up with Curtis, but Charlie and a now-believing Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them there after Charlie lost a tooth. He goes after Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh, riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both battle over the reindeer. With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie, and Curtis lead a snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers. During the battle, Toy Santa and Scott accidentally causes the sleigh to crash back into the village . Toy Santa is forcibly restrained by the elves and is reduced to his normal six-inch height. Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over by Mother Nature herself. He transforms back into Santa, and Christmas proceeds as it always has and he and Carol have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day. In addition, he and Charlie reveal the truth to Lucy about him being Santa Claus so she is now in on the secret, as well as pick up Comet.'] ['A Grinch-like thief retreats to her hometown in Connecticut after a con goes bad and gets stuck baby-sitting her niece and nephew until their parents can make it home for Christmas. She spends most of her time devising ways to even the score with Clive, her partner in crime, until the spirit of the holidays can help put her priorities back on track.'] ["Jake Wilkinson  is an 18-year-old boy attending Palisades Academy in California. For the past few years, he has not been home to New York for Christmas even though he always promised to make it. A few days before Christmas Eve, his father offers to give him his vintage 1957 Porsche if he is home by 6:00 p.m. Christmas Eve for Christmas dinner. Initially, Jake had traded in his plane ticket to New York for two tickets to Cabo San Lucas to take his girlfriend Allie , who is also from New York. She considers the act selfish as Jake knows Allie always returns home for Christmas. Jake reconsiders and trades the tickets back in for New York, and she forgives him. As Jake is leaving, he is taken captive by a group of bullies and abandoned in the desert dressed as Santa Claus. The group do this as punishment for not getting an exam cheat sheet from Jake, unaware that it was their leader Eddie Taffet  who withheld the cheat sheet so he might get Jake out of the way and claim Allie for himself. While Jake is stuck in the California desert, Eddie ends up giving Allie a ride to New York after she thinks Jake has bailed on her once again. Jake has only three days to make it to Larchmont, New York if he wants the car and Allie. He stumbles upon a few obstacles/opportunities, such as a thief, Nolan, who is driving stolen kitchen goods to his dealer near New York. Jake hitches a ride with him, unbeknownst to him that the man is a thief. A police officer named Max  pulls them over for speeding and becomes suspicious of them, so Jake lies and says that Nolan is his elf and they are donating the goods to the children's hospital. The police officer offers for them to join him, as he is heading in the same direction. At the hospital, a Mexican child reminds Jake, Nolan and Max about the importance of family. Nolan decides to return west and win back his girlfriend, therefore abandoning Jake. Max, recently estranged from his wife, asks Jake to accompany him to Nebraska and help him win his wife Marjorie  back. Afterwards, Max and Marjorie buy Jake a bus ticket to New York in return for helping them understand their differences. Meanwhile, Allie and Eddie continue to head for New York. Instead of staying at a cheap roadside motel, Allie convinces Eddie to stay the night at novelty hotel in a Bavarian village. The village is celebrating the holidays, and a television news reporter is reporting live from the village. Allie and Eddie are unknowingly standing beneath a bunch of mistletoe while the news anchor is reporting live. She asks them to kiss for the camera and as they do, Jake happens to be watching the news report and the kiss between Allie and Eddie whilst waiting at the bus station in Nebraska. The driver on the bus is determined to stick to the schedule as it is a non-stop bus to New York. Jake wants to stop at the Bavarian village and develops a scheme. He obtains a lunch-cooler, a slab of meat from another passenger's sandwich, writes a girl's name and hospital address on the cooler, and then convinces the whole bus that the cooler contains a liver that needs to be delivered to a little girl at the hospital in the Bavarian Village. The bus passengers convince the drive to speed up and detour to the Bavarian village. Jake finds the village, and locates Allie and Eddie's room. After Allie lets Jake in to the room, Eddie walks out of the shower in a towel and Jake assumes he had slept with Allie . Jake and Allie eventually make up, until Jake blurts out that Eddie prevented him from getting his dad's car. Upset that Jake had come to get the car and not herself , Allie storms onto the bus and takes Jake's seat. The driver asks is she's the girl who the organ transplant was for to which she agrees. Upset with Jake's tangle of lies, she tells him off and boards the bus. Jake and Eddie drive off. Jake tells Eddie that he will go home, win back Allie, and get the car. Eddie, unwilling to be a nice guy  and jealous that Jake would not only get Allie but also the Porsche, ends up throwing Jake out of his car somewhere in Wisconsin. Jake decides to enter a Santa Claus race for a chance to win a $1,000 prize to buy a plane ticket to New York. Eddie is arrested after being rude to cops dressed as Christmas trees while policing the race. While registering for the race, Jake meets a nice man, Jeff Wilson, who Jake barely beats in the race. Jake wins the prize, but on his way to the airport the taxi driver informs Jake that Jeff Wilson is actually the mayor of the town. Mayor Wilson usually wins the race every year and uses the prize money to buy turkeys for the needy. Jake feels bad, and asks the cab driver to turn back. Jake leaves the money in the Mayor's mailbox, but is caught in the middle of this good deed by the Mayor. The Mayor offers to set an extra place for Jake, but Jake declines, saying he has somewhere to be that evening, and calls home. Jake talks to his sister, who arranges for a plane ticket for Jake from Madison, Wisconsin. The airline refuses to allow Jake to board the place because he had no photograph identification. Jake decides to stow away in a dog kennel on a cargo plane. From the airport, he stows away on a train, tries to hitch a ride in a car , then steals a one-horse open sleigh. When he reaches his street, he apologizes to Allie, and they make up. Jake and Allie ride the one-horse open sleigh to Jake's family home, and arrive at 5:59pm. Jake intentionally waits until after 6:00pm to go inside, so that he won't arrive in time to get the Porsche. When Jake's father offers him the Porsche, explaining that he's only a few seconds late, Jake still refuses, insisting that their time spent fixing it up as father and son isn't done yet."] ["Belle and the Beast throw a Christmas party for the local villagers at their castle who are been pardoned for their attack on the prince which been led by Gaston. Lumiere  and Cogsworth  argue who brought Christmas back to the castle, whilst Mrs. Potts  insists of explaining the true story behind Christmas' return to the castle. The film then switches into a lengthy flashback, during the events of the first film after the Beast saved Belle from a wolf pack. Belle  is excited for Christmas but is shocked when the castle servants reveal the Beast  has forbidden Christmas from occurring. Belle finds the Beast outside in the snow and offers to teach him ice skating, but the Beast storms off when he crashes into the snow. Belle decides to throw Christmas, Lumiere and Chip  accompanying her to the castle attic where they meet Angelique , one of Lumiere's lovers who objects to the reintroduction of Christmas, due to the Beast's curse occurring on Christmas when he rejected the Enchantress  entry into the castle. The Beast consults the court composer Forte , who was transformed into a giant pipe organ. Forte would prefer to remain as an ornament than be released by Belle, enjoying his manipulation over the Beast's anger. The Beast confronts Belle in the castle's boiler room, but they dissent over the occurrence of Christmas. Belle eventually meets Forte, who advises her to venture into the deepest part of the forest to cut down a giant Christmas tree. Belle then goes to the forest and finds the tree is near impossible to cut down and eventually falls under a sheet of ice. The Beast learns what has happened and goes to rescue her where he catches up to Lumiere, Cogsworth, Forte's humble minion Fife , and a carpenter Axe . However, the Beast, knowing that Belle was planning Christmas against his wishes, imprisons Belle in the dungeon. The servants visit Belle, and Angelique apologizes for her rude attitude. The Beast finds a present, a storybook, from Belle and reads it. Moved by the book's words, the Beast has a change of heart and frees Belle, offering to celebrate Christmas after all. Furiously realized that he and the other servants would return back to their human forms if Belle loves their master, the Beast before the last petal fall, Forte uses his music to destroy the castle in an attempt to destroy the rose, ensuring that he and all will be remained enchanted forever. The Beast confronts Forte, but is easily overwhelmed by his music. Fife points out that Forte's keyboard is his weak point, the Beast rips it off Forte who collapses and dies. Belle, the Beast and the servants celebrate Christmas together. The film ends at the party, with Prince Adam taking Belle aside and giving her a rose as a Christmas present as Fife is now his new court composer."] ['"All I Want For Christmas" is a comedy about two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Ethan, a practical older brother, and adorable Hallie, who knows how to charm her way out of a difficult situation, are intent on spending Christmas with their parents, Catherine and Michael, and grandmother Lillian. The children\'s divorced mother Catherine is about to remarry Tony. When Hallie goes to visit Santa Claus, she asks for an unusual gift - she wants her parents back together again. As Ethan and Hallie embark on their adventure, almost nothing goes exactly as they planned. Complicating things is a smarmy businessman named Tony Boer, who has taken an interest in Catherine. Ethan, meanwhile, is preoccupied with not only his parents\' romantic dilemma, but also his own - one brought about by his new friendship with Stephanie, his first teenage crush. What evolves is an elaborate scheme involving mice, telephone calls and an ice-cream truck, as Ethan and Hallie try to achieve their goal with the help of Stephanie. The duo\'s primary obstacle is their mother\'s fiance, Tony. The children finally succeed with a little Christmas magic from Santa Claus. .Rotten Tomatoes: All I Want for Christmas'] [' Halloween Town is a dream world filled with citizens such as deformed monsters, ghosts, ghouls, goblins, vampires, werewolves and witches. Jack Skellington  leads them in a frightful celebration every Halloween, but he has grown tired of the same routine year after year. Wandering in the forest outside the town center, he accidentally opens a portal to "Christmas Town". Impressed by the feeling and style of Christmas, Jack presents his findings and his  understanding of the holiday to the Halloween Town residents. They fail to grasp his meaning and compare everything he says to their idea of Halloween. He reluctantly decides to play along and announces that they will take over Christmas. Jack\'s obsession with Christmas leads him to usurp the role of Santa Claus. Every resident is assigned a task, while Sally, a rag doll woman who is created by the town\'s mad scientist, begins to feel a romantic attraction towards Jack. However, she alone fears that his plans will become disastrous. Jack assigns Lock, Shock and Barrel, a trio of mischievous children, to abduct Santa and bring him back to Halloween Town. Against Jack\'s wishes and largely for their amusement, the trio deliver Santa to Oogie Boogie, a gambling-addict bogeyman who plots to play a game with Santa\'s life at stake. Christmas Eve arrives and Sally attempts to stop Jack with fog, but he embarks into the sky on a coffin-like sleigh pulled by skeletal reindeer, guided by the glowing nose of his ghost dog Zero. He begins to deliver presents to children around the world, but the gifts  only terrify the recipients. Jack is believed to be an imposter attempting to imitate Santa, and the military goes on alert to blast him out of the sky. The sleigh is shot down and he is presumed dead by Halloween Town\'s citizens, but in fact he has survived the crash, landing in a cemetery. Although he is depressed by the failure of his plan, he quickly regains his old spirit, having come up with new ideas for next Halloween. He then rushes back home to rescue Santa and put things right. Meanwhile, Sally attempts to free Santa, but is captured by Oogie. Jack slips into the lair and frees them, then angrily confronts Oogie and unravels his outer covering to spill out all the bugs that live inside him. With Oogie gone, Santa reprimands Jack before setting off to deliver the right presents to the world\'s children. He makes snow fall over Halloween Town to show that there are no hard feelings between himself and Jack; the townspeople are confused by the snow at first, but soon begin to play happily in it. Jack reveals that he is just as romantically attracted to Sally as she is to him, and they kiss under the full moon in the cemetery.'] ["Bishop Henry Brougham  prays for divine guidance with the troubled building of a new cathedral. His plea is seemingly answered by a suave angel named Dudley , who reveals his identity initially only to the clergyman. However, Dudley's mission is not to help with the construction of the cathedral. He is there to guide Henry and the people around him. Henry has become obsessed with the building to the detriment of his duties and marriage to his neglected, unhappy wife, Julia . Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by the newcomer, even the non-religious Professor Wutheridge . Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly Mrs. Hamilton , to contribute the needed funds, but not to build the cathedral. He helps Mrs. Hamilton decide to give her money to feed and clothe the needy—much to Henry's chagrin. He also redecorates the Broghams' Christmas tree in two seconds, saves an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and arranges for the typewriter to automatically type Henry's new sermon - which Dudley dictates without Henry's knowledge. When Dudley spends time cheering up Julia, there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly attracted to her. Sensing this, Henry becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and depart. Eventually, he stands up to the angel. With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return. All memory of him is erased, and on Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry delivers the sermon that he believes he has written."] [' Howard Langston  is a workaholic mattress salesman, who does not find time for his wife, Liz , and his young son, Jamie  - especially when compared to next door "superdad" divorcee, Ted Maltin , who continually puts Howard in a bad light. After missing Jamie\'s karate class, Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling Jamie\'s ultimate Christmas wish: getting an action figure of Turbo-Man, a popular children\'s TV superhero on Christmas Eve to find the toy everyone\'s looking for. Along the way, Howard meets Myron Larabee ([[Sinbad , a postal worker dad with a rival ambition, and the two soon become bitter competitors in their race for the action figure. Also, during his search for the toy, Howard keeps running into Officer Alexander Hummell , a traffic cop who had earlier pulled him over for a traffic violation. After several failed attempts to find the toy in a store, Howard attempts to buy a Turbo-Man from a Mall of America Santa  who is actually the leader of a band of counterfeit toy makers. When he accuses the Santa of undermining the values of Christmas, Howard ends up in a brawl with the gang. Howard barely escapes when the police raid their warehouse and gets out by posing as an undercover detective. Later, Howard and Myron cross paths again and while they are drinking coffee at Mickey\'s Diner where Myron tells Howard about the time when his father was unable to get him a specific toy on Christmas. They hear on the KQRS radio station that the D.J.  is running a Turbo-Man competition when they get to the studio they find out they can only win a gift certificate. They are nearly arrested but Myron bluffs the police into backing off by threatening them with a package . Officer Hummell tries to open it and it blows up in his face. After his car is stripped by thieves, Howard is ultimately forced to return home empty-handed. Upon seeing Ted in his house placing the star on his tree, Howard gets angry and attempts to steal the Turbo-Man doll from Ted\'s house, destined for Ted\'s son Johnny , but changes his mind. Before he has a chance to replace the doll, he is caught by Ted and a disappointed Liz. Howard decides to join his family at the city\'s Wintertainment Parade, as he promised his son he would do. Meanwhile at the parade, Ted attempts to flirt with Liz, but she turns him down by hitting him with a thermos of eggnog. On arrival at the parade, Howard runs into Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot coffee. In the ensuing chase, Howard runs into a preparations room and is mistaken as a live action Turbo-Man stuntman in the parade. As the "real" Turbo-Man, he uses the opportunity to present the coveted limited-edition Turbo-Man doll to his son in the crowd. But before he can recognize his father, Jamie is chased around the parade by Myron who is dressed as Turbo-Man\'s arch enemy Dementor having caught and tied up the real actor  while Howard does his best to keep up, though with little skill in controlling the Turbo-Man equipment. Jamie is ultimately saved by Howard, who reveals himself to his son, Howard apologizes to Officer Hummell about everything, while Myron is escorted away by police, all the while ranting about how he will explain the situation to his son. Touched by Myron\'s undying dedication to his own son, Jamie gives the doll to him, and tells Howard that he does not need the doll since his father is "the Real Turbo Man". The crowd carries Howard off praising him for his heroic actions as Myron, Jamie, and Liz happily watch. Back at home, Howard puts the star on his Christmas tree, his tradition, and shares a happy moment with his family before realizing that through his quest to get a present for Jamie, he forgot to get Liz a present.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins in Middle Age Europe, where a woman gives birth to a baby. Within a few minutes of his birth, the baby starts saying: "Ho, ho, ho!". Mother Claus  calls her son, Frederick  over to meet his new brother, whom she has decided to name him Nicholas . Mother Claus lovingly refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick. During Christmas, when Nick opens his gifts including Fred\'s, Nick decides to give them away to orphans which angers Fred. Mother Claus advises Fred to be a better person; this in turn causes Fred to resent Nick. Feeling isolated, Fred often meets a bird to confide about his problems. On one occasion, Nick cuts off the tree causing the bird to leave; this causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. In the present-day, it is explained that when Nick eventually becomes a saint due to all his good deeds, he, Mrs. Annette Claus , and his immediate family become frozen in time, never to age. Nick has become the modern-day Santa Claus, giving gifts to people and Fred runs a repo company to take them away. Fred goes to see his girlfriend, Wanda Blinkowski , who gets mad at Fred for forgetting that her birthday was the next day. Wanda refers to a previous birthday where Fred promised to take her to France. Back at his apartment, Fred packs up when a young orphan boy named Samuel "Slam" Gibbons  comes in. Slam talks about wanting a puppy for Christmas. Soon after, an elf named Willy  shows up to takes Fred to the North Pole. We learn that Willy is the head elf, and has a crush on Santa\'s Little Helper, Charlene . Once Fred and Willy arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred warmly and shows him around. There is also a humongous snow globe in the room, where you can say any person\'s name and see if they\'re being naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick and Mrs. Claus introduced Clyde Northcutt , an efficiency expert who has come to assess the situation at the North Pole. Later, Clyde walks in the workshop which is in a state of chaos because of Fred and says that Nick\'s inability to control his work staff is Strike #1. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with their parents and Clyde. Sitting down to dinner, Mother Claus continues to praise Nick. Fred storms out and heads to Frosty\'s Tavern, where he meets Willy. Willy discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene. Later, when everyone else is asleep, Fred and Nick ends up fighting each other, which ends when Nick injures his back. Frustrated with Nick and the rest of his family, Fred unexpectedly leaves the North Pole with his $50,000, but Nick gives Fred a present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse, a replacement for the one on the tree, and a note from Nick, saying that he is sorry for sawing down the tree. Obviously confused about his feelings, Fred enters into a Siblings Anonymous meeting. At the end, Clinton\'s younger half-brother, Roger, Jr., makes a speech about his brother\'s success. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost. However, Fred shows up to help out and with Willy\'s help in the sleigh, Fred starts delivering presents around the world. Fred immediately starts delivering toys with his help of Willy and the other elves. However, halfway through the night, Clyde sabotages their efforts. While Fred and Willy attempt to finish delivering the gifts for the children, Nick goes to talk to Clyde, realizing that as a child, Clyde did not get what he wanted from Nick. Fred and Willy finally return to the North Pole and are successful in their efforts. With Christmas finally saved, Fred returns to Wanda\'s house. However, Fred gives her a present. Wanda opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag. Fred and Wanda get back together and Charlene and Willy are now happily together.'] [" Three convicts - Joseph, Albert and Jules - escape from prison on Devil's Island just before Christmas and arrive at a nearby French colonial town. They go to the store of the Ducotels - Felix and Amelie, and their daughter Isabelle - the only store that gives supplies on credit. While there, they notice that his roof is leaking, and offer to fix it. They do not actually intend to fix it, but decide to remain there, until nightfall, when they will steal clothes and supplies, and escape on the ship waiting in the harbour. As they stay in the store, they find that the family is currently in financial distress and offer their services to hide their all-too-sinister ruse. Joseph even gets to work conning people and falsifying records to make the store prosperous. However, the three felons begin to have a change of heart after they fix a delicious Christmas dinner for the family: mostly made of stolen items. Andre Trochard, who owns the store but lives in Paris, arrives on the island with his nephew Paul, with whom Isabelle is infatuated. The two plan on taking control of the store due to a lack of profit from the use of credit. Also, Paul is betrothed to another woman, which dismays Isabelle. Before any action against the Ducotels is taken, both of the men are bitten by Albert's pet viper, Adolphe, and they die nearly instantly. Isabelle finds another love, and the family is happy as the convicts successfully make their final escape. While waiting on the docks for their boat to arrive, the three escaped men finally decide to turn themselves back in at the prison, judging that the outside world was likely to be worse than that of the prison. As they walk away in the final shot, angelic halos appear over each of their heads...and finally another pops up over the cage of Adolphe."] ["The film centers around five strangers who are linked together &mdash; and who meet each other at separate times &mdash; by a series of events that take place on Christmas Eve. The main character is Rose , a woman who is struggling to cope with caring for her mother, an Alzheimer's patient. Meanwhile, Nina  and Mike  are a young couple on the verge of breaking up due to Mike's increasingly jealous behavior. Elsewhere, Artie  is an old waiter who searches for his deceased wife every Christmas Eve. Finally, Jules ([[Marcus Thomas  is a young man who deliberately damages his hand so he can attend a Christmas party in the emergency room, as that was the only happy memory of his childhood. In addition to the five main characters, the mysterious Charlie  is introduced as the person who may be able to help Rose finally realize that she must look after herself more, rather than worrying about everyone else."] [' The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate\'s home in a suburb of Chicago the night before their flight. Eight-year-old Kevin, their youngest son, finds himself the subject of ridicule from his siblings and cousins. After getting into an argument with his older brother Buzz, he is sent to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes his family would disappear. During the night, a power outage resets the alarm clocks and causes the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin is left behind and the family does not realize it until they are already airborne. Once in Paris, his mother and father desperately try to book a flight home. Meanwhile, Kevin wakes up to find the house empty and is overjoyed to find that his wish came true. He practises shooting with Buzz\'s BB gun, jumps on the bed, watches a gangster film, and eats a large serving of junk food, but in the process accidentally wrecks Buzz\'s room. However, he finds himself frightened by the appearance of the Chicago Police Department called by his parents to check on him; his next door neighbor "Old Man" Marley, who was rumored to have murdered his family many years earlier; and the appearance of The Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, who are breaking into other vacant houses on the block. On Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears Harry and Marv discussing plans for breaking into his house that night. After conversing with a Santa Claus impersonator and watching a local choir perform in a church, he comes across Marley. The two of them talk, and he learns that Marley is in fact a very nice man and the rumors about him are not true. He tells Kevin he is watching the choir because his granddaughter is in it, and he never gets to see her because he and his son have not spoken in years after a big argument they had. Kevin advises him to reconcile with his son. After leaving the church, Kevin heads home and sets up various booby traps inside the house. Harry and Marv break in. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to the second floor of the house and dials 9-1-1. They chase him out of the house and he flees to the vacant neighboring home. The Wet Bandits catch him when he runs to the top of the stairs and hang him on a coat hook on the door. Marley sneaks up behind them and knocks them out with a snow shovel and takes Kevin home. Shortly after, Harry and Marv are arrested. Kevin wakes up the next morning and is disappointed to see that his family is still gone. He then hears Kate enter the house, calling for him. He goes downstairs and the two of them meet and reconcile. Immediately after, the rest of the McCallisters, having traveled directly from Paris to Chicago, arrive. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry\'s missing gold tooth and wonders what it is. Kevin and Buzz have a moment of reconciliation. He then goes over to the window and sees Marley greeting his son and his family. As he is hugging his granddaughter, he looks up to see Kevin. He waves at him and Kevin waves back, smiling. He watches as Marley heads inside with his family. Buzz interrupts him by calling out, "Kevin, what did you do to my room?", at which point Kevin runs off and the film ends.'] ['Donner the reindeer\'s wife gives birth to a baby fawn named Rudolph, but the two are shocked to discover that Rudolph\'s unusually red nose is capable of glowing. Santa Claus visits their cave to meet their son for the first time and warns them that Rudolph will be unqualified to pull the sleigh if he continues to carry the trait for the rest of his life, so Donner tries to conceal Rudolph\'s nose with dirt. A year later, Rudolph\'s parents take him to participate in the Reindeer Games , where he, along with all of the other young bucks, will be trained to fly and help Santa deliver toys. While there, Rudolph meets a friendly reindeer named Fireball, whom he quickly befriends and romps about with. The pair come across a doe named Clarice, who seems to take a romantic interest in Rudolph. Fireball encourages Rudolph to speak with Clarice as she happens to like him, giving him the strength to perform a dazzling leap into the air. However, when Rudolph and Fireball engage in a celebratory jostle, the cover pops off Rudolph\'s nose, unveiling his secret that costs him his friendship with Fireball. All of the other yearlings poke fun at Rudolph\'s nose, and he is prohibited by Coach Comet from taking part in the Reindeer Games. Clarice, who is not the least bit bothered by Rudolph\'s secret, stays around to try to comfort him. Soon after, Clarice\'s father forbids her to hang around with Rudolph, which shatters the young buck\'s heart and prompts him to make the decision to run away from home. Later, Rudolph meets an elf named Hermey who aspires to become a dentist, but is ridiculed for this ambition and has also decided to run away for the same reason. He agrees to join Rudolph and they set off together. Along the way, they meet a cheerfully boisterous, loud prospector named Yukon Cornelius, who dreams of discovering silver and gold and becoming wealthy. The trio struggle to find a place to stay when they come across a place called "The Island of Misfit Toys," where unwanted playthings with some sort of physical error or flaw go to live until the island\'s ruler, King Moonracer, a brown winged lion, manages to find homes for them. Rudolph, Yukon Cornelius, and Hermey tell King Moonracer that they need shelter, so he agrees to let them stay for one night in exchange for a promise from Rudolph; as soon as he returns to the North Pole, to ask Santa Claus to deliver the toys to children. Later that night, with everybody else asleep, Rudolph decides to leave the island knowing that his nose is going to be a burden for his friends . Eventually, Rudolph grows older and decides to go home, where he is agitated to find that his matured peers still poke fun at him. When he returns to his cave, he finds that his parents, along with Clarice, have left to search for him. Rudolph leaves to search for his family and is angered to find that they have been kidnapped by the Abominable Snow Monster, who plans to eat them. Rudolph headbutts the monster, only to end up getting knocked unconscious, Fortunately, Hermey and Yukon Cornelius, who have been searching for Rudolph, eventually find him and rush to his aid. They distract the monster by knocking him unconscious, allowing Hermey to extract his teeth. Rudolph awakens, but he and his family are unable to escape with the toothless beast blocking the entrance to the cave. Yukon Cornelius chases the Abominable Snow Monster to a cliff, where he dogpiles the monster and they both fall over. He is assumed by his saddened companions to be dead. The misfits return home and are no longer mocked by their peers, who are sympathetic upon hearing their story. Much to the surprise and relief of Rudolph and Hermey, Yukon Cornelius returns with a tamed Abominable Snow Monster, whom he has taught to place a star on top of a Christmas tree. The now reformed monster decides to live with Santa Claus and the other residents of the North Pole. However, a horrific blizzard is about to prevent Santa from embarking on his annual journey. While announcing the news to the elves and reindeer, he is caught by Rudolph\'s gleaming nose and asks him to lead his sleigh. Rudolph agrees, and they set off to deliver the presents, but not without giving the misfit toys a lift before the credits roll.'] ['Bert  is a retired Hollywood actor who has been estranged from his only daughter Marie ([[Tracy Nelson  for many years. When she ends up in the hospital following a car accident, Social Services places her 10-year-old daughter, Becca , with the grandfather she has never met. The generation gap is apparent as Bert and Becca try to adjust to their new lives together. In taking in the granddaughter, he never knew about, he is faced with the resentment toward him due to these stories told by the grandmother. Bert is faced with the dilemma of whether to tell his granddaughter, and later his daughter, the truth, which if they believe him, may ruin their memory of the late grandmother, or stay quiet. The dilemma is resolved when one of Bert’s friends tells the mother the truth.'] ["Mary is a high powered businesswoman who runs her own marketing and business advice company. However, her roots are at the North Pole... yes, she's Santa's daughter. When Santa has some health problems, Mrs. Claus calls Mary in to help get everything ready for the Big Day that is fast approaching. Mary obliges. But, can Mary's successful business techniques really work for the spirited but mentally infantile elves? We'll see. In the meantime, Mary has found her long lost love, Luke, to be still employed as the area's mailman."] ['The story is about two World War II U.S. Army buddies, one a Broadway entertainer, Bob Wallace , the other a would-be entertainer, Phil Davis . It begins on Christmas Eve, 1944, somewhere in Europe. In a forward area, Capt. Wallace is giving a show to the troops of the 151st Division with the help of Pvt. Davis . But the mood is somber: word has come down that their beloved commanding officer, Major General Thomas F. Waverly , is being relieved of command. He arrives for the end of the show and delivers an emotional farewell. The men give him a rousing send-off . An enemy artillery barrage ensues, and Davis saves Wallace\'s life by carrying him out of the way of a toppling wall, wounding his own arm slightly in the process. Using his "wounded" arm and telling Bob he doesn\'t expect any "special obligation", Phil convinces Bob to join forces as an entertainment duo when the war is over. Phil using his wound to get Bob to do what he wants becomes a running gag throughout the movie. After the war, the pair make it big in nightclubs, radio and then on Broadway. Becoming successful producers, they eventually mount their newest hit musical entitled Playing Around. Phil is increasingly concerned that his pal Bob has not met a woman with whom he can settle down and several clumsy attempts to set him up with showgirls fail. In mid-December, after two years on Broadway, the show is in Miami, and while performing at the Florida Theatre, they receive a letter from "Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy", a mess sergeant with whom they\'d been acquanted back in the war, asking them to audition his two sisters. When they go to the club to audition the act , Phil notices that Bob is smitten with Betty , while Phil has eyes for her sister, Judy . Following their number, the girls join Bob and Phil at their table, and believing he may have found the right girl for Bob, Phil brings Judy on to the dance floor so that Bob and Betty can get to know each other better. Phil and Judy hit it off , and Judy tells Phil that she and her sister are headed for the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree, Vermont, where they are booked to perform over the holidays. Back at the table, Betty reveals to Bob that Judy herself, not her brother, sent them the letter. The two get into a brittle argument, and the prospects for a romance seem doubtful.  When the girls\' corrupt landlord claims the sisters burned a $200 rug and is trying to have them arrested, Phil hears the news and helps them escape out the window, giving the girls their own sleeping-room accommodations aboard the train to Vermont. To give the girls time to make it to the train, Phil convinces Bob to don the girls\' forgotten costumes and lip-sync "Sisters" from a record after which the boys arrive on the same train two hours later. The girls are all over Bob in appreciation for giving up their sleeping accommodations and Phil uses "his arm" once again to convince Bob to travel with the girls to Vermont for the holidays . When everybody arrives to put on the show at the Pine Tree Ski Lodge, there\'s not a flake in sight and the weather is so unseasonably warm, chances of it falling appear dim. The boys discover that the inn is run by their former commanding officer, Gen. Waverly, who has invested all his savings and pension into the lodge, and it\'s in danger of failing because of the lack of snow and consequent lack of patrons. Deciding to help out and bring business up to the inn, Wallace and Davis bring the entire cast and crew of their new musical Playing Around, and add in Betty and Judy where they can. At the same time, Bob and Betty\'s relationship starts to bloom  and they begin to spend a good deal of time together. Meanwhile, Bob discovers the General\'s rejected attempt at rejoining the army, and decides to prove to the General that he isn\'t forgotten. Bob calls Ed Harrison ([[Johnny Grant , an old army buddy, now the host of a successful variety show . Bob tells Ed that he wants to make a televised pitch to all the men formerly under the command of the General, asking them to come to the inn on Christmas Eve as a surprise. In response, Harrison suggests they go all out and put the show on national television, playing up the whole "schmaltz" angle of the situation and generating lots of free advertising for Wallace and Davis in the process. What Bob doesn\'t know is that nosy housekeeper Emma Allen  has been listening in to the phone conversation on the extension but has only heard about the whole schmaltz suggestion, hanging up before Bob rejects the idea. Mistakenly believing that her beloved boss will be presented as a pitiable figure on a primetime coast to coast broadcast, Emma reveals what she heard to a shocked Betty who is originally loath to believe Bob would pull such a stunt for his own gain, but mistakenly comes to believe he would indeed stoop to such depths. The misunderstanding causes a now-disillusioned Betty to grow suddenly frigid to an equally-baffled Bob. Unaware of the real reason for her sudden change of behavior, Judy becomes convinced that Betty, ever-protective of her little sister, will never take on a serious relationship until Judy is engaged or married. She pressures an extremely reluctant Phil to announce a phony engagement, but the plan backfires when Betty abruptly departs for New York City, having received a job offer. Distraught, Phil and Judy reveal to Bob that the engagement announcement was phony, and Bob, still unaware of the real reason behind Betty\'s annoyance, heads to New York to explain. Bob goes to see Betty\'s new act  and reveals the truth about the engagement, but is called away by Ed Harrison before he can find out what is really bothering her. Meanwhile, back at the Inn, Phil fakes an injury to distract Gen. Waverly so he won\'t see the broadcast or Bob\'s announcement. On the broadcast, Bob proceeds to ask the veterans of the 151st Division to come to Pine Tree, Vermont, on Christmas Eve . When Betty is backstage in the greenroom between performances, she catches Bob\'s pitch on a television set and realizes she was mistaken. All is set right, and she returns to Pine Tree just in time for the show on Christmas Eve. Emma convinces Gen. Waverly that all his suits were sent to the cleaners, and suggests he wear his old uniform to the opening of the show. Initially reluctant, he agrees. When the General enters the lodge where the show is to take place, he is greeted by his former division, who sing a rousing chorus of "The Old Man". Just as the song ends, he is notified that snow is finally falling. In the finale, Bob and Betty declare their love for one another, as do Phil and Judy. The background of the set is removed to show the snow falling, everyone raises a glass, and toasts, "May your days be merry and bright; and may all your Christmases be white."'] ['Father Charles "Chuck" O\'Malley , the unconventional priest from Going My Way, continues his work for the Catholic Church. This time he is assigned to St. Mary\'s, a run-down New York City inner-city Catholic school on the verge of being condemned. O\'Malley feels the school should be closed and the children sent to another school with modern facilities, but the sisters feel that God will provide for them. They put their hopes in Horace P. Bogardus , a businessman who has built a modern building next door to the school and which they hope he will donate to them. Father O\'Malley and the dedicated but stubborn Sister Mary Benedict  have to work together to save the school, though their different views and methods often lead to good-natured disagreements. Towards the end, however, Sister Benedict contracts tuberculosis, and is transferred without being told this. She assumes the transfer is because of her disagreements with O\'Malley. In the end, O\'Malley informs her that she has tuberculosis, and that is the reason she is being sent away. She then leaves willingly and happily.'] ['A baby boy crawls into Santa Claus\'s  sack of gifts while he is delivering toys to an orphanage one Christmas Eve. Santa Claus unwittingly takes the baby back to the North Pole, where Papa Elf  volunteers to raise him. The baby was christened William but through a humorous misunderstanding is renamed Buddy . He is raised unaware of his status as a human, until his enormous size and  poor toy-making abilities lead him to ultimately find out the truth. Papa Elf reveals that Buddy was born to Walter Hobbs  and Susan Wells and given up for adoption, and that Walter never knew of his existence. He explains how Susan later died and that Walter now works at a children\'s book company in New York City. Buddy sets out for Manhattan to find his father. Upon arriving in the Big Apple, Buddy comically displays his ignorance in several ways. He eventually tracks down his father in the Empire State Building. Incredulous, Walter Hobbs calls security on him. Their sarcastic advice was to "get back to Gimbel\'s", where he is mistaken for an employee and meets the lovely Jovie . Later, when the toy store Santa arrives, Buddy is shocked to discover that Gimbel\'s Santa is not the genuine article, and a fight ensues between them. He is arrested and sentenced to 24 hours in jail. Eventually, Walter reluctantly bails him out and takes him to a pediatrician for a DNA test. Once it is proven that he is in fact Walter\'s son, he takes him home to meet his stepmother, Emily  and half-brother, Michael . Buddy befriends Michael after defeating some bullies in a snowball fight, and shortly before that he goes on a date with Jovie. Walter, meanwhile, has been trying to save his floundering business by hiring the temperamental bestselling writer Miles Finch . When the 4\'5" Finch arrives, Buddy innocently but repeatedly refers to him as an elf. Miles attacks Buddy and storms out without signing a deal with Walter\'s company. Walter is so angry over this setback that he yells at Buddy to get out of his life. Depressed and afraid, Buddy writes a message to his father and runs away. Michael reads Buddy\'s message and bursts in on Walter\'s board meeting to frantically inform him that Buddy is gone. He manages to convince Walter to put his family above his job for the first time. Buddy sees Santa\'s sleigh crash in Central Park. He finds Santa, who explains that he lost the sleigh\'s "Kringle 3000, 500 Reindeer-Power" jet engine and that the last bit of Christmas Spirit had faded as well. Walter and Michael then encounter Buddy in Central Park, where Walter apologizes to Buddy for his behavior and accepts him as his son. Buddy takes them to meet Santa, who reveals to Michael that believing in him can make his sleigh fly. Michael reads Santa\'s list in front of TV cameras gathered outside the park, so that people all across New York City believe in him. The Central Park Rangers begin to chase his sleigh while Buddy is still trying to reattach the engine. Jovie manages to overcome her shyness and get the sleigh back in the air by the power of Christmas Spirit when she leads the crowd in singing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town," with even Walter joining in. Later, he starts his own publishing company with the first best-selling book released being titled Elf, an account of Buddy\'s adventures. Buddy and Jovie marry and have a daughter they named Susan after Buddy\'s mother, and in the closing scene they are shown visiting Papa Elf at the North Pole. In the end, Leon the Snowman closes the storybook, being the last one left, as the iris closes, then, he winks.'] ["The film starts at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. A group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq. As the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards the exit. The Marine's name is Jesse Rodriguez ([[Freddy Rodriguez . The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy Rodriguez  is on a ladder nailing up a welcome home sign for Jesse. The woman, his wife, Anna Rodriguez  gives him a rather disgruntled look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return. Edy then travels to his store, a small neighborhood supermarket, called Bodega. Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies. Back at the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friends Johnny  and Ozzy , who have come to pick him up. On the way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly injured. After some prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky one, as his friend Eddie was not as lucky and Jesse feels some guilt for this. On the way, the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop. The park was their childhood playground and the three take a little time off to play a game of baseball and reminisce. While at the park, Ozzy spots Hector , the man who killed his brother, recently been released from prison. Ozzy stares at Hector, and Hector stares back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Hector, both Jesse and Johnny hold him back the they make their way to Edy's store. Jesse's sister Roxanna  arrives by taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress. Jesse's Brother Mauricio  also arrives, along with his wife Sarah . Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish. However, the topic drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah, Anna, and Mauricio. After things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and each persons story is brought up: Jesse has just return from a three year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal; and Mauricio is an attorney and Sarah is in finances and making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else. The conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but its obvious that he does not want to talk about it . Soon after, Marissa , her son, and her boyfriend Fernando  arrive. Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-girlfriend. It is evident that Jesse still has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much tension in the air. After everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner. Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away, while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family. Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a call, it seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair, and cheating on her again . Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna proclaims that she is divorcing Edy. At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is soon evident that Anna is dead serious. Edy reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants then he can't really do anything about it. Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his father's, which angers Mauricio further. At this time, Johnny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves as it is a family matter. After more arguing, everyone leaves to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment. At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having been kicked out of the bed room and is not bunking with Jesse. Father and son have a conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get much out of his son. Later that night, Mauricio is up in the Attic thinking about the nights events when Roxanna shows up. The two share a drink and Jesse shows up. The siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will be like after their parents divorce. Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral on the matter, but Mauricio is very against them. Being the only one of the three to be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their marriage and he says all this while in his underwear . In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while she is walking to work. She still hasn't forgiven him for leaving her several years ago. As it turns out, Jesse didn't want to stay in town and follow in his fathers footsteps and ended signing up for the marines. While in Iraq, his unit was holed up in a building for the night, Lenny offered to take Jesse's watch so he can grab something to eat. While Jesse is getting some food, a rocket propelled grenade is shot into the building and Lenny is killed, while everyone else is injured. Ever since then, Jesse blames himself for Lenny's death since it was supposed to be his watch, and his life that would be lost. Marissa sympathizes and forgives him. Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest, Father Torres . Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into the kitchen. Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset. Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's throat. Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having children, Roxanna reveals that shes not a star and can barely make ends meet. Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse has it easy, since he gets the store to manage as soon as he returned. However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt over Lenny's death has been haunting him since his return. After more arguing, everyone leaves. Roxanna, Jesse and Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension. Sarah gets back to the house and finds out that everyone has left. Edy offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is. While driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps on the brakes. Luckily, they skid into a parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's medication from the glove box in time. As Sarah looks at the bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's the reason hes getting those phone calls . Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays. At the bar, everyone takes the chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing. Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all but does so anyway. Everyone is having a blast and Jesse takes the time to talk to Marissa. Roxanna, receives a call from her agent , goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke. While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out to talk to her. It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't been part of that crowd for quite some time. Roxanna and Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big part. Ozzy assures her that she will get her big break, but she is not so sure. Roxanna mentions returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom may need her around during the divorce. Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may stay, but is supportive of her career. The next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade, where people travel from house to house caroling, and people join along the way until nearly the entire neighborhood has joined in. The parade ends with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner. Everyone is dancing and having fun. Fernando goes off to get something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance. The two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse. Jesse  pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off. While this is happening, Ozzy can't take it anymore and leaves to confront Hector. Hector is returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy. Knowing what Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy. Outside, Hector tells Ozzy that he's ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison. Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide whether or not to kill Hector, just then, his phone rings, it's Roxanna. Ozzy gives up, and lets Hector live, and leaves to meet Roxanna. Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of the gun, and the two kiss. After midnight mass, Edy drives Anna home. On the ride home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole family, and that they should keep it together until the kids leave. Anna says that after the kids leave, there will be nothing more to talk about. Edy is now alone in the kitchen, drinking. Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father, each drinking to their own little problems. Edy, decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car. Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring himself. Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the hospital. Before the ambulance leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's medications since she's the only one who knows how serious his health is. The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy. It turns out that Edy has cancer, it's serious but he's being treated for it. Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist. The couple make their peace and profess love for each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not telling her sooner. Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio. Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook with moderate success. Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns, it appears as she has not gotten the part. Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned down the part. The next scene shows Jesse visiting Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for his behavior the previous night. She forgives him, but she has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life. Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life. After leaving, Jesse sits on a park bench, making a call to Lenny's parents to tell them about their son and how he died so he can get closure and move on. The final scene shows Edy, after discharge from the hospital, taking Jesse to his store, who has now decided to take up the family business instead of going back to Iraq."] ["The story begins with Cousin Eddie at his latest workplace, a nuclear facility where he 'works' alongside a monkey. When the monkey outperforms him in every test , the decision is made to fire him. Upon finding out the news, the two get into an argument which results in the monkey biting him. With Christmas approaching, Eddie is worried about what this job loss will mean for him and his family and he decides to talk to his former boss. Although the thought never occurs to him, the nuclear company is convinced that he will sue. As a preemptive countermeasure, they offer him and his family  a free vacation to an island in the South Pacific. While on holiday they take a trip on a boat, while Eddie attempts to catch a shark, they get lost and eventually shipwrecked on an isolated island. Eventually Eddie is able to prove himself a man by providing for his family and they all celebrate Christmas together on the island. Shortly after, they are rescued."] ['On their way to join the rest of the Peanuts gang all skating on a frozen pond, Charlie Brown confides in Linus that even though Christmas is approaching he still feels depressed, despite all the presents, cards and tree decorating, due to the over-commercialization of Christmas. His depression and aggravation only get exacerbated by the goings-on in the neighborhood. Though his mailbox is empty, he tries sarcastically to thank Violet for the card she "sent" him, though Violet takes his sarcasm literally. Ultimately, Charlie Brown visits Lucy in her psychiatric booth. On her advice that he needs more involvement, she asks him to direct a school nativity play. On the way to the auditorium, Charlie Brown stops by Snoopy\'s doghouse, only to find him frantically busy decorating it. After Charlie Brown demands an explanation, Snoopy hands him a flyer about a neighborhood lights and display contest which upsets Charlie Brown because even his own dog has gone commercial. En route to the rehearsals, he runs into his sister Sally, who asks him to write her letter to Santa Claus; her telling him to put in a request for large sums of money  causes Charlie Brown to become even more dismayed. Charlie Brown arrives at the rehearsals, but try as he might, he cannot seem to get control of the situation as the uncooperative kids are more interested in modernizing the play with dancing and lively music. Charlie Brown, on the other hand, is determined not to let the play become commercial and to focus on the traditional side of the story. Thinking the play requires "the proper mood", Charlie Brown decides they need a Christmas tree. So Lucy takes over the crowd and dispatches Charlie Brown to get a "big, shiny aluminum tree". With Linus in tow, Charlie Brown sets off on his quest. But when they get to the tree market, Charlie Brown zeroes in on a small baby tree which, ironically as well as symbolically, is the only real tree on the lot. Linus is reluctant about Charlie Brown\'s choice, but Charlie Brown is convinced that after decorating it, it will be just right for the play. They return to the school auditorium with the tree and everybody laughs at Charlie Brown, especially Lucy, about his choice. Second guessing himself, Charlie Brown begins to wonder if he really knows what Christmas is all about, loudly asking the question in despair. Linus quietly says he can tell him, and walks to center stage to make his point. Under a spotlight, Linus quotes the second chapter of the Gospel according to Luke, verses 8 through 14 from the King James Version.  "\'8And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. 9And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid. 10And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. 11For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord. 12And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. 13And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, 14Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace and goodwill towards men.\'"   "...And that\'s what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown."  Charlie Brown now realizes he does not have to let commercialism ruin his Christmas. With a newly found sense of inspiration, he quietly picks up the little tree and walks out of the auditorium, intending to take the tree home to decorate and show the others it will work in the play. On the way, he stops at Snoopy&#39;s decorated doghouse, which now sports a first prize blue ribbon for winning the display contest. He puts an ornamental ball on the top of his tree; the branch, with the ball still on it, promptly flops over to one side instead of remaining upright, prompting him to declare &#34;I&#39;ve killed it&#34; and run off in disgust at his perpetual failure. Unbeknownst to Charlie Brown; the rest of the gang, having also heard Linus&#39;s recitation, began to realize they were a little too rough on Charlie Brown and have quietly followed him from the auditorium. Linus goes up to the little tree and gently props the drooping branch back to its upright position, ornament and all; and wraps his security blanket around the tree. After they add the remaining decorations from Snoopy&#39;s doghouse to the tree, the kids then start humming the Christmas carol, &#34;Hark! The Herald Angels Sing.&#34; When Charlie Brown sees what they have done with the tree, he cannot believe his eyes, and the kids give him a rousing "Merry Christmas, Charlie Brown!" before singing &#34;Hark! The Herald Angels Sing&#34; as the end credits roll.  The story touches on the over-commercialization and secularism of Christmas, and serves to remind viewers of &#34;the true meaning of Christmas&#34; , continuing a theme explored by satirists such as Stan Freberg and Tom Lehrer during the 1950s.'] ['In the small town of Dukesberry, New Hampshire, Davey Stone , a 33-year-old alcoholic troublemaker with a long criminal record, is arrested for walking out on his bill at Mr. Chang\'s  Chinese restaurant and, while attempting to evade arrest , destroying a giant Menorah/Santa ice sculpture. Davey is about to be sentenced to jail time when Whitey Duvall , a 70-year-old volunteer referee from Davey\'s former basketball league, intervenes and comes forward at his trial. The judge , at Whitey\'s suggestion, sentences Davey to community service as a referee-in-training for Whitey\'s Youth Basketball League. Under the terms of the community service, if Davey commits a felony before his sentence is completed, he will be sentenced to ten years in prison. The next day, Davey referees his first game, which ends in disaster: after being told to remove his shoes, Davey kicks them off, smashing an overhead lighting fixture with one and striking the timekeeper with the other. He then taunts an obese child, and his parents, who attack Davey in retaliation; Whitey suffers a grand mal seizure, and the game is abruptly brought to an end. Attempting to calm Davey down, Whitey takes him to the mall, where they meet single mom Jennifer Friedman , Davey\'s childhood girlfriend, and her son, Benjamin . Though Whitey reminds him that he lost his chance with her 20 years ago, Davey still finds himself attracted to Jennifer. On the way home, Whitey threatens to have Davey arrested after the latter implied that he stole peanut brittle from the mall. However, Whitey decides not to report the incident. As time progresses, Davey and Whitey\'s relationship becomes more contentious, as Whitey\'s various attempts to encourage Davey are met with humiliation and assault. Upon arriving home one night , Davey finds his trailer being burned down by a man who lost a bet to him. Davey rushes into the burning trailer to rescue a Hanukkah card from his late parents, then watches the trailer go up in smoke. Whitey opens his home to Davey, who reluctantly accepts the invitation; also living in the house is Whitey\'s bald, diabetic fraternal twin sister Eleanor . The Duvall household has many complex rules , which prove themselves extremely irritating . However, he seemingly overcomes them, and begins to turn his life around. However, Davey\'s progress in reforming is halted when one morning Whitey recalls the events of Hanukkah twenty years ago: En route to one of Davey\'s basketball games, his parents\' car was struck by an oncoming truck after it skidded on black ice. They were both killed, and Davey learned of their deaths when the police showed up at the end of his game to inform him. Davey withdrew from society and developed alcoholism, embarking on a life of juvenile delinquency and adult criminal behavior. Davey, uncomfortable with Whitey recalling the events of that day, loses his temper and scolds Whitey, telling him that he will never win the All-Star Banquet because no one in the town even knows he exists and storms off after Whitey revokes Davey\'s privilege to reside at his home. He spends the rest of the day drinking, and later that night breaks into the mall, which is closed. In a drunken stupor, he imagines the logos of various stores coming to life and confronting him about his inability to grieve for his parents, which they identify as the source of his alcoholism . He finally opens his parents\' Hanukkah card, which contains a message praising him for being a good son. Davey breaks down and cries, finally coming to terms with his loss. Just then, the police arrive to arrest him, but Davey escapes and boards a bus to New York, just as the police are searching for him across Dukesberry. En route to the city, the bus is forced to stop when all eight tires are punctured by a single thumbtack in the road. Reminded of the Miracle of Hanukkah, Davey walks off the bus, intending to find Whitey and make amends. Davey finds Whitey at the All-Star Banquet, an annual town celebration in which one member of the community is recognized for positive contributions to Dukesberry. Despite having vied for the award for over thirty five years, Whitey is once again passed over; he leaves in disgrace, intending to move to Florida, where he can live out the rest of his life in anonymity. Risking arrest, Davey storms into the hall and informs everyone of the selfless contributions that Whitey has made to Dukesberry over the course of his life. Disgraced, the townspeople acknowledge the error of their decision . Davey leads the people to Whitey, who has gone to the mall to "speak to it" alone. The townspeople thank Whitey for his service over the years and the Mayor officially grants him the Patch Award. All 34  previous recipients of the awards give theirs to Whitey. Davey and Jennifer reconcile, and Whitey goes into a seizure, but the narration informs the viewers that Whitey is okay, as the seizure is temporary and, at last, this time is caused by joy, rather than distress .'] ['As the movie\'s title implies, Daffy Duck stars in an Ebenezer Scrooge-like role in the Looney Tunes retelling of this classic tale. In the beginning of the movie, Bugs Bunny  pops up out of his hole to clear away the snow, and explains to the viewers he\'s a rabbit of all seasons, despite the fact rabbits are associated with Easter. He\'s then almost run over by Daffy Duck\'s gas guzzling Hummer. Daffy is the scrooge like owner of the Lucky Duck Superstore , and he treats his employees  like they\'re garbage. Despite Bugs\' scolding him for berating Playboy Penguin, Daffy still acts snobbish and tries to abscond with the money Priscilla Pig, Egghead Jr., Henery Hawk and Barnyard Dawg Jr. are collecting for charity. Daffy especially has trouble with his hover scooter, and gets beat up by his own employees  and the customers . After Daffy states he hates the holidays, Bugs warns him about the Ghosts of Christmas, which Daffy simply scoffs at. After working his employees to the bone on Christmas Eve, Daffy expects them all back at 5:00am on Christmas Day, so he can make more money off of last minute shoppers. Assistant Assistant Manager Porky Pig in a Bob Cratchit-like role pleads to let him go home for Christmas and spend time with his daughter, Priscilla, who is in a Tiny Tim-like role, but Daffy refuses and Bugs warns him that bad things happens to people like him  and tells him "Bah, Humduck!",  which Daffy then takes as his own. Later that day, the spirit of his deceased business idol Sylvester The Investor  who is clad in chains as punishment for his greed, and he warns Daffy that if he doesn\'t change his ways, he will be doomed to the same fate. He tells Daffy that he still has a chance of escaping his fate and foretells that three spirits will visit him but Daffy thinks that this is a trick by Bugs and does not believe him. Daffy, trapped in the store by a snowdrift with Bugs, locks himself in his vault to be safe. But the ghosts are not that easily stopped. The Ghost of Christmas Past who took on the form of two things an old lady and a bird ([[Granny  took him back to his childhood, where they see that Daffy lived at the Lucky Duck Orphanage , and every Christmas, he was ignored by potential parents, which explains his cold demeanor in the Present Day. The Ghost of Christmas Present  then appears, and shows him how sad his employees are and tells him if he doesn\'t change his ways, his future is very bleak. By this time, Daffy is starting to feel tender emotion , which earns him another one of the Ghosts\' numerous beatings. By this time, he actually dreads the visit of the last ghost and begs Bugs to hide him from it. After a reenactment of Bugs and Daffy\'s hiding routine, he is left alone and the last ghost appears. The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come (the [[Tasmanian Devil  comes and shows him that because of his greed and selfishness he is dead and his store is permanently closed , leaving everyone out of a job, but allowing them to spend Christmas with their families just like they wanted. When Porky\'s daughter promises to visit Daffy\'s grave every Christmas because no one should be alone on that holiday, his cold demeanor melts and his heart breaks. Realising his greed and selfish nature was to cover up his real wish to be part of a family, Daffy proclaims to be a changed man. Returning to the present, he gives Porky a promotion, hires Playboy Penguin as one of his employees, everyone the gifts that they want and a promise of a raise. There is a brief moment when he slides back to his greedy self, contemplating just how he is going to recover all the costs. However, it immediately fades when Priscilla presents cookies in the shape of a duck and calls him uncle. Daffy thinks she\'s pushing it until she kisses him and he lets her call him "Uncle Daffy". After Bugs munches on a candy cane, the camera pulls out of the mall to end the movie. Porky and Priscilla finish the movie saying the famous line: "T-T-T-That\'s all folks!"'] ["Willow Creek, Alaska is going through problems because the town's main business, a cannery, has closed and many residents no longer have jobs. Ray and Pete are brothers; although they share the same profession , they are different as day and night. Pete  is trying to figure out what to do with his rebellious son Michael , who is angry that his dad is always on the road trucking; meantime, he also has to deal with Ray (played by [[John Schneider , a troublesome recluse who has problems of his own, including a pregnant spouse, who had left Pete for Ray in the first place. Ray and Pete are hired by an old friend Al  to bring Christmas presents and a very big surprise from California all the way up to his home town of Willow Creek, Alaska. The brothers do not realize that they will have to rely on one another and along the way, the brothers and Pete's son argue and get stuck in a blizzard; meanwhile Ray's wife goes into labor. As she gives birth, they finally reconcile with each other, and arrive at their destination greeted by a crowd of happy townspeople. Earlier in the movie, it is discovered that Ray was a champion chili cooker, and the surprise is that Al has loaded the truck with enough supplies to reopen the cannery and manufacture chili. Ray and his spouse like the small town and decide to stay and help the cannery get working again. Pete informs his son that Al has made him a partner in their company, so he won't have to drive a truck anymore and they can be closer together from here on out."] ['The plot is faithful to the original book. The only notable additions are the addition of color , the early appearance of the Grinch\'s dog Max, and the insertion of three songs: the Christmas carol "Welcome Christmas" , the polka-styled "Trim Up the Tree," and "You\'re a Mean One, Mr. Grinch" . Almost all narrations are made verbatim from the book. Also added are a description of the noise-making Whos on Christmas morning and the substitution of nonsensical Seuss-like gifts such as "bizzle-binks" instead of the mundane gifts such as bicycles and popcorn. A sequence in which the Grinch and Max advance from the mountain to Whoville with comical difficulty on Christmas Eve, with no spoken parts, was added to stretch the length of the special to a full half-hour. The Grinch  is the film\'s main character. He lives in a cave atop the fictional Mt. Crumpit, located above Whoville. The Grinch is a surly character with a heart "two sizes too small" who has especially hated Christmas for 53 years. The film opens on Christmas Eve with the Grinch wishing he could stop Christmas Day from coming to Whoville. When he sees his dog, Max, covered in snow in a Santa Claus-like way, the Grinch decides to disguise himself as Santa and steal Christmas. The Grinch makes himself a Santa coat and hat and disguises the innocent Max as a reindeer. He loads empty bags onto a sleigh and travels to Whoville with some difficulty. In the first house he is almost caught by Cindy Lou Who , a small Who girl who wakes up and sees him taking the Christmas tree. Pretending to be Santa, the Grinch tells Cindy Lou that he is merely taking the tree to his workshop for repairs, and then sends her back to bed. He empties the first house of all the food and Christmas-related items, then repeats the process at the other houses in Whoville. He also takes the village decorations. With the Whos\' stolen Christmas goods, the Grinch and Max travel back up Mt. Crumpit. Before dropping the loaded sleigh off the mountain, the Grinch waits to hear a sad cry from the Whos. However, down in the village, the Whos joyously begin to sing Christmas carols, proving that the spirit of Christmas does not depend on material things. The Grinch begins to understand the true meaning of Christmas, though he barely does so in time to prevent the stolen treats from going over the cliff and while he tries to stop the sleigh from falling off, his heart grows three sizes—granting him "the strength of TEN Grinches, plus two!" He brings everything back to the Whos and participates in the holiday feast. He is given the honor of carving the roast beast, while Max gets the first slice for himself for all his troubles.'] ['Gina and Seth became penpals when they were in the 6th grade. It is now 13 years later, and they still have been writing to each other but have not yet met. She is a journalist while he is a toy inventor. An opportunity arises when there is a toy convention in Boston. They decide to meet, but the only problem is that they have been exchanging pictures of their better-looking friends. When they actually do meet for the first time, it is not all fireworks. Can they reveal themselves to each other before it is too late?'] ['The story centers mainly upon six characters: Gordon ; Audebert ; Horstmayer (a Jewish German Lieutenant of the [[8th Division ; Palmer ; and German tenor Nikolaus Sprink and his Danish lover, soprano, Anna Sørensen . The film begins with scenes of schoolboys reciting patriotic speeches that both praise their countries and condemn their enemies. In Scotland, two young brothers, Jonathan and William, join up to fight, followed by their priest, Father Palmer. In Germany, Sprink is interrupted during a performance by a German officer announcing a reserve call up. Audebert looks at a photograph of his pregnant wife whom he has had to leave behind , and prepares to exit into the trenches. A few days before Christmas, the Scots and French troops lead a combined assault on the German trenches in France. The attack causes heavy casualties on both sides, but does not break the stalemate of trench warfare. One of the Scottish brothers, William, is mortally wounded during the attack, and his brother Jonathan is forced to abandon him in no-man\'s-land as they retreat.<ref namePaul |lastChristmas pudding of a production tries to satisfy all and ends up pleasing none. |url2 |workDecember 16, 2005 |accessdate=April 11, 2009}} Audebert loses his wallet  in the German trench in the confusion. In Germany, Anna manages to get permission to perform for Crown Prince Wilhelm of Prussia, and Sprink is allowed to accompany her. They spend a night together and then perform. Afterward, Sprink expresses bitterness at the comfort of the generals at their headquarters, and resolves to go back to the front to sing for the troops. Sprink is initially against Anna\'s decision to go with him, but he agrees shortly afterward. The unofficial truce begins when the Scots begin to sing festive songs and songs from home, accompanied by bagpipes. Sprink and Sørensen arrive in the German front-line and Sprink sings for his comrades. As Sprink sings Silent Night he is accompanied by a piper in the Scottish front-line. Sprink responds to the piper and exits his trench with a small Christmas tree singing "Adeste Fideles". Following Sprink\'s lead the French, German, and Scottish officers meet in no-man\'s-land and agree on a cease-fire for the evening. The various soldiers meet and wish each other "Joyeux Noël","Frohe Weihnachten", and "Merry Christmas." They exchange chocolate, champagne, and photographs of loved ones. Horstmayer gives Audebert back his wallet, with a photograph of his wife inside, lost in the attack a few days prior, and connect over pre-war memories. Palmer and the Scots celebrate a brief Mass for the soldiers  and the soldiers retire deeply moved. However, Jonathan remains totally unmoved by the events around him, choosing to grieve for his brother. On Christmas Day the officers have coffee together and decide to "bury their dead on the day Christ was born". Later, they play a football match against each other. The following day, after sheltering each other during artillery barrages on both sides, the commanders decide it is time for all of them to go their own way. The French, Scottish, and German soldiers now must face the inevitable consequences from their superiors. As the Germans return to their own trenches after the Allied barrage, Sprink and Anna quietly remain with the French and ask Audebert to be taken prisoner, so as to remain together. Father Palmer is to be sent back to his own parish and his regiment disbanded as a mark of shame. Despite emphasising the humanity and goodwill of the truce, he is rebuked by the bishop, who then preaches an anti-German sermon to new recruits, in which he describes the Germans as evil and commands the recruits to kill every one of them. Father Palmer overhears the preaching, and takes off his Christian cross necklace as he leaves. Back in the trenches, the Scots are ordered by a furious major  to shoot a German soldier who is entering no-man\'s-land and crossing towards French lines. The soldiers refuse to kill him and shoot a warning shot above the German soldier\'s head. However, vengeful Jonathan shoots the German, mortally wounding him. The soldier is revealed to be Ponchel, the local Ch\'ti aide to Audebert, disguised as a German. Audebert, hearing the familiar alarm clock ringing outside, rushes out to see Ponchel. With his dying words, Ponchel reveals he had gained help from the German soldiers and visited his mother and had coffee with her. He also informs Audebert that he has a young son named Henri. Audebert\'s punishment is being sent to Verdun, and receives a dressing down from his father, a general. In a culminating rant, young Audebert upbraids his father, expressing no remorse at the fraternization at the front, and also his disgust for the civilians or superiors who talk of sacrifice but know nothing of the struggle in the trenches. He also informs the general about his new grandson Henri; the general recommends they "both try and survive this war for him". Horstmayer and his troops, who are confined in a train, are informed by the Crown Prince that they are to be shipped to the Eastern Front, without permission to see their families as they pass through Germany. He then stomps on Jörg\'s harmonica, and implies that Horstmayer does not deserve his Iron Cross. As the train departs, the Germans start humming a Scottish carol they learned from the Scots, L\'Hymne des Fraternisés\'/ I\'m Dreaming Of Home.'] ['Orlando "Brad" McVie  and his girlfriend, Kate  are a happily unmarried and childfree, upscale San Francisco couple whose respective households are somewhat similar - both bearing divorced parents, warring siblings with out-of-control kids and general awkward memories and simmering resentments from the past, which they find too embarrassing to share with each other. In an effort to avoid these families at Christmas time, Brad and Kate pretend to be engaging in charitable work and escape to exotic sun-spots, such as Fiji, to enjoy a relaxing Christmas there. Unfortunately, in the third Christmas of their relationship, Brad and Kate are trapped at San Francisco International Airport by a fogbank that cancels every outbound flight. To make matters worse, they are caught on camera and then interviewed by a CBS 5 news crew, revealing their whereabouts to the whole city and, worst of all, their families. With no escape, their lies foiled and no excuses to make, they find themselves unable to avoid a Christmas at home with their respective families. They first visit Brad\'s father , then Kate\'s mother , and then Brad\'s mother  and, finally, Kate\'s father , thereby celebrating four Christmases in one day. As they brace themselves for a marathon of homecomings, Brad and Kate expect the worst, but are nevertheless unable to prepare themselves enough for what they get. As the day progresses, each discover a new secret about each other that both had been too embarrassed to tell each other about, and soon find their relationship on the verge of collapse. While Brad counts down the minutes to freedom, Kate finds herself looking at the lives of Brad\'s and her own siblings and realises that she does want a marriage and children of her own, the prospect of which frightens Brad. Eventually, in the final visit of the day, at Kate\'s father\'s house, Kate asks Brad to let her spend the visit on her own and claims to her family that they had split up. Meanwhile, Brad spends some time at his own father\'s house with just his father and realises how empty his life is without a marriage and children, and that he loves Kate much too much to leave her. He returns to her and they discuss the possibilities of having a child and getting married. The two then embark on their holiday in Fiji. A year later on New Year\'s Day, the couple welcomes their first born child, a baby girl, which they have spent the last nine months hiding from their families. However, as their baby is the first born in the New Year, a news crew comes to congratulate them - once again revealing them, and their new baby to the whole city, and their families.'] ['Chicago resident Clark Wilhelm Griswold Jr.  has really got the Christmas spirit this year, and his wife Ellen , son Rusty , and daughter Audrey  have noticed that. On a quest for "The Griswold Family Christmas Tree," Clark has planned a "good, old-fashioned family Christmas." Clark has invited Ellen\'s parents Art Smith  and Frances Smith , his own parents Clark Wilhelm Griswold Sr ([[John Randolph  and Nora Griswold , and his Aunt Bethany  and Uncle Lewis ([[William Hickey  to spend the holidays at the Griswold house in Chicago. But in spite of all the good intentions and careful planning, Christmas plans start to go awry. Clark is obsessed with making everything go perfectly during the holiday season, but as soon as everyone arrives, things start going haywire, especially when the Griswolds receive some uninvited surprise guests from Kansas -- cousin Catherine , her sloppy husband Eddie , and two of their kids, Rocky  and Ruby Sue . Clark decorates the outside of the house with 250 strands of lights with 100 bulbs on each strand for a total of 25,000 light bulbs, enough to make the power company turn on their auxiliary nuclear generator. However, he accidentally wires them up to his garage light, causing him to believe he has fixed them every time someone turns it on. Clark also annoys his snobby next door neighbors, Todd Chester  and his wife Margo . Also, Clark has nostalgic moments of Christmas past when he is accidentally locked in the attic, and watches an old home movie from a past Christmas . Even with his bumbling ways, Clark, who works for a company that produces food colorings, additives, and preservatives, manages to keep things going as he waits for his Christmas bonus from work so he\'ll have enough money to have a swimming pool put in the back yard. But it turns out that Clark\'s boss, a scrooge whose name is Frank Shirley , has decided to cut Christmas bonuses this year, without informing his employees. And Clark learns that Eddie and his family have lost their home, and are living in the RV. And in the place of his Christmas bonus, Clark is enrolled in the "Jelly of the Month" club. That causes Clark to snap and unleash a string of insults regarding Frank. This situation gives Eddie the idea for the perfect Christmas gift for Clark after Clark offers to help Eddie treat Rocky and Ruby Sue to a good Christmas -- Eddie goes to Frank\'s house, puts Frank in the RV, and brings Frank to the Griswold house, so Eddie and the Griswolds can help Frank see the error of his ways. Frank finally sees reason about the Christmas bonuses. A SWAT team, called by Frank\'s wife Helen , raids the home, but Frank explains that it\'s all a misunderstanding and admits he was wrong to withhold bonuses from his employees. He then decides to give Clark his bonus, along with an added 20%. Uncle Lewis\'s cigar ignites the gas from the sewage Eddie had earlier dumped down the storm drain while emptying the holding tank on his RV, blasting a Santa ornament into the sky. Everyone watches the strange but touching sight, whilst Aunt Bethany sings a part of The Star-Spangled Banner, as Clark realizes his dream of the perfect family Christmas. The Santa and reindeer lawn ornaments fly across the sky, having been propelled by the explosion.'] [' The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Miami, Florida. Ten-year-old Kevin, Peter and Kate\'s youngest son, sees Florida as contradictory to what he thinks an appropriate Christmas environment is, particularly noting the lack of Christmas trees. During the school Christmas concert, Kevin\'s older brother Buzz humiliates him during his solo, causing Kevin to retaliate. Kevin refuses to apologize for his actions, and, still angry with the family\'s decision to go to Florida, he storms up to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes that he had his own money so he could go on his own vacation. During the night, Peter unknowingly resets the alarm clock and causes the family to oversleep. Meanwhile, a piece of newspaper is blown into the house\'s main door, revealing that Harry and Marv have escaped from detainment. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin gets onto a flight to New York City while loading his Talkboy with new batteries and the family does not realize it until after they land in Florida. Meanwhile, in New York, Kevin tours the city and uses the Talkboy to check into the Plaza Hotel. However, he finds himself scared by the appearance of a woman tending to pigeons in Central Park. On Christmas Eve, Kevin tours the city in a limousine and visits Duncan\'s Toy Chest, a local toy store, where he meets the philanthropic owner, Mr. Duncan. There, Kevin discovers the proceeds from Christmas sales will be donated to a children\'s hospital. Mr. Duncan allows him to take a pair of ceramic turtledoves as a gift, instructing him to give one to another person as a sign of eternal friendship. After running into the Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, Kevin is chased to the hotel. Mr. Hector, the hotel concierge, confronts Kevin about the credit card, which came up as being stolen. Kevin flees, but is captured by the Wet Bandits. They discuss plans for robbing Duncan\'s Toy Chest that night, before Kevin flees in the back of a hansom cab. In Florida, the McCallisters discover that Kevin has been found using Peter\'s credit card in New York. The family flies to New York and Kate desperately tries to find Kevin. Having noted earlier that his uncle Rob has a townhouse in New York, Kevin attempts to visit him. He successfully reaches the location but finds the house vacant and undergoing renovations and that his uncle and his family are in Paris. In Central Park, he comes across the pigeon lady. However, when Kevin gets his foot caught while attempting to run away, she frees him. While watching a local orchestra perform from a musical instruments storage room above Carnegie Hall, Kevin learns how her life has fallen apart and how she dealt with it by taking care of the pigeons in the park; he promises to be her friend. After leaving the hall, Kevin heads to the townhouse and sets up various booby traps inside it. Kevin arrives at the toy store during Harry and Marv\'s break-in, throws a brick tied with a note to Mr. Duncan through the window to set off the store\'s alarm, and is chased into the townhouse. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to a phone booth and dials 9-1-1. The Wet Bandits catch Kevin when he slips on a patch of ice and take him to Central Park. The pigeon lady finds out and throws birdseed on them before they can kill Kevin. He sets off fireworks he had bought earlier to signal the police. Shortly after, Harry and Marv are arrested. At the toy store, Mr. Duncan finds Kevin\'s note and realizes his role in stopping the robbery. Kate comes across two police officers in Times Square, and remembers Kevin\'s fondness for Christmas trees. Kevin makes a wish at the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree. There, he sees Kate and the two of them meet and reconcile. A truckload of gifts from the toy store arrives at the hotel as a reward to the McCallisters. Buzz and Kevin have a moment of reconciliation and allows him to open up the first present, but Kevin goes to Central Park to give the pigeon lady a turtledove, reaffirming his promise. At the hotel, Cedric delivers Kevin\'s room service bill, totaling $967.43, to Buzz. Peter interrupts Kevin by calling out, "Kevin, you spent $967 on room service?", at which point he runs back and the film ends.'] ['The movie begins at the North Pole with Santa Claus  and his dog Santa Paws  taking a look at the magical Christmas Icicle, which is melting because of nobody believing in Christmas anymore; if it continues to melt, Christmas will be gone forever. Puppy Paws  is the fun-loving son of Santa Paws who gets tired of the North Pole and finds Budderball  on Santa\'s naughty list for eating the Thanksgiving turkey and figures he\'s just the dog to show him how to be an ordinary puppy. The film then moves forward to Budderball and the other Buddies  in Fernfield, who also don\'t have any Christmas spirit, believe that their father is Santa Paws and that the naughty list is a way to scare them to behave. However, Sniffer  replies that Christmas is about giving and a holiday they must learn to respect. The Christmas Icicle makes a big crack and shuts off the power at the North Pole and makes the reindeer weak and powerless . Puppy Paws makes it to Fernfield to find Budderball in his home and Budderball himself introduces Puppy Paws to his brothers and sister and the North Pole puppy causes trouble to each of the Buddies: Budderball gets framed for eating the gingerbread cookies as he tries to get back on the nice list, B-Dawg gets beaten by Puppy Paws at dancing who even breaks a vase, Mudbud teaches Puppy Paws to roll in the dirt, and unaware not to shake dirt out of his fur in the living room, he makes holiday shapes of the dirt spots causing Mudbud to wear a cover-up coat for the rest of the day, Rosebud gets an extreme Christmas makeover, and Buddha\'s meditation statue gets turned into a snowman as Puppy Paws explains that the snowman is "what citizens of the North Pole meditate in front of". Therefore, due to the incidents, the Buddies want Puppy Paws to leave. But, they learn that Puppy Paws isn\'t hurting them as they are hurting themselves and decide to treat him with compassion. Suddenly, Puppy Paws gets dognapped by a dog catcher named Mr. Stan Cruge  and takes him to the pound. There, Puppy Paws meets a puppy named Tiny  who is wishing for a Christmas miracle and sings a song about miracles, which teaches Puppy Paws himself about the true meaning of Christmas. The Buddies, along with an elf dog named Eddy , have come to the rescue. With Tiny and Eddy still in the pound, the elf dog speaks to Cruge that he knows the dog catcher always wanted a puppy for Christmas, but his mother was allergic to dogs and never got one, which made Cruge hate Christmas and become a dog catcher. Eddy becomes free from the pound and changes Cruge. With help fom an elf named Eli , Christmas spirit returns, the Christmas Icicle stops melting, and the North Pole is back in business, with Puppy Paws and the Buddies making it to the North Pole. The reindeer are not able to fly, and Puppy Paws and the Buddies volunteer to save Christmas with their uncanny abilities . A changed Mr. Cruge brings Tiny over to the child who has been asking for a puppy as a Christmas present and Tiny herself says her goodbye to the Buddies and Puppy Paws. After their last delivery, Santa Claus and Santa Paws arrive in Fernfield and Santa makes the Buddies  on top of the nice list, Puppy Paws becomes part of Santa\'s family, and the Buddies say farewell. Mr. Cruge is invited to dinner with Tiny\'s new family and the movie ends with the entire town, led by Cruge, singing "Silent Night" in front of Fernfield\'s Christmas Tree.'] ["Suzie Austin  has cancer and her most recent prognosis is unfavorable. Fearing that this may be their last Christmas together, husband Andrew Austin  takes Suzie and their two children, Chris  and Mary  to the family's summer home on Lake Erie to celebrate the holiday. There they meet Gus . Andrew comes to terms with his past as the family deals with his wife's failing health."] ["Adam Thornton , an ill-tempered executive who walked out on his family, learns that he only has a little time left to live. He decides that he wants to make peace with his family and have one last reunion. He confides this information to his estranged wife Kate Thornton . But when his doctor says that it won't be good for him to travel, she suggests that he call his four adult children and invite them all for Christmas. He agrees only with the provision that they not be told of his illness and imminent death. The only problem is that most of his family are not exactly fond of him because he walked out on his wife and because of his stubborn nature. Of his four children, Adam is most nervous about seeing Bud Thornton  whom he hasn't spoken to since having an argument regarding the Vietnam War and his moving to Canada, several years prior."] ["Nine months after the death of his adoptive father, Jack Davenport, a Chicago journalist, obtains some of his possessions which lead Jack to discover his past. Jack receives an assignment to do a story in Dallas, Texas. Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater, Texas, his birthplace. One of the possessions left by his adoptive father was a mysterious photograph of Clearwater's oldest churches, taken in 1963. The church has a life-sized, wood carven nativity scene, that was carved by Joe Ottolman during the 1950s. He meets several townspeople along his search, such as Michael Curtis  Jimmy James, Clearwater's sheriff, the judge, and a maintenance worker at the church. Jack is told by the judge that releasing the identity of an adoptee's parents can cause suffering, as he points out that one adopted girl died three years earlier. Jack goes on to research the story of Joe Ottolman, who was in a car accident in 1945 that killed his wife, but his daughter survived. Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving. In 1963, Joe made the same mistake and was in a car accident again. His daughter Carmen Ana Ottolman, gave birth to a boy on December 24, 1963, but Carmen died two days later. Joe set his grandson up for adoption, then he disappeared from the presses and no one knew whether or not he was alive. Naomi, who helped Jack gather information from previous newspapers, tried to get Jack's birth records with the help of her friend, Venessa, who works there, but they are gone. When Jack finds this out, he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him. The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottolman was his mother. On his 40th birthday, Jack is still in shock of hearing this. He sleeps on the bench near the church, in front of the nativity scene. When the maintenance worker discovers him there, he brings him inside the church for some coffee. The maintenance worker then reveals himself to be Joe Ottolman, Jack's grandfather. That night, Jack's wife Megan arrives in Texas, and Jack tells her everything that happened. Megan reveals that they are going to be parents. On Christmas Night, the townspeople of Clearwater gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it. After this, Jack tells his grandfather that he is going to be a great-grandfather."] ['Twin girls Sarah and Julie are two naughty but sweet children that drive their work-obsessed widowed mother, Rhonda, up the wall. They overhear her saying that they are a "handful" and she needs a "vacation". They decide to go give Rhonda what she wants and head off to their great grandmother\'s house for Christmas. The girls pack up their bags and hop on their bicycles. But there\'s a problem; they aren\'t allowed to cross the street on their own. That\'s when the city bus pulls up and they sneak on through the back door. While riding the bus, an elderly lady tells them that it only goes Downtown, Uptown, and back. They also discover that Edgemont  is actually hours away. After getting off the bus Downtown, they spot Eddie  and his truck. They sneak into its back and only reveal themselves to him because Sarah desperately has to go to the bathroom. He doesn\'t like kids, but eventually starts to enjoy the girls\' company after he figures out that he gets large tips when they deliver packages with him. He evens buys them ice cream, as well as a lottery ticket with the numbers of their birth date . After the day\'s deliveries are finished, he brings them home, only to be attacked by two robbers who steal his truck . When the robbers, Harvey and Shirley, discover them, they decide they can make some money by kidnapping them for ransom. Shirley makes a phone call to Rhonda, asking for $10,000 in cash. She tells her that they will make the trade at the ice rink in Edgemont, and that she is to wear a red hat. Meanwhile, Harvey has begun to like the girls and when he asks Shirley why they never had kids, she replies that it\'s because they are criminals. Sarah and Julie eventually get to their great-grandmother\'s house, and then Eddie and Rhonda  get together after he saves the girls. He wins the lotto of 1.3 million on a TV show. Afterwards, they give all the people their parcels back. At the end everybody is happy spending Christmas together.'] ["Lee Leander  is arrested during the Christmas holidays for trying to shoplift a bracelet from a New York jewelry shop. Assistant District Attorney John Sargeant  is assigned to prosecute her. The trial begins just before Christmas, but rather than face a jury filled with the holiday spirit, he has the trial postponed. He generously posts her bail so she does not have to spend Christmas in jail. Discovering that Lee is a fellow Hoosier , he offers to drop her off on his way to visit his mother , cousin Willie , and aunt Emma ([[Elizabeth Patterson . During the road trip, they get lost in Pennsylvania and end up crashing through a fence and spending the night in a field. The next morning, they are arrested by a farmer and taken to an unfriendly justice of the peace. Lee starts a fire in his wastebasket as a distraction and the pair flee. When Lee's mother  gives her a cold reception, John decides to take Lee home with him. She is warmly received, even though John tells his mother about Lee's past. During the holiday, John and Lee fall in love. His mother has a private talk with her before she leaves, telling her how hard John had to work all his life to reach his present position. Lee agrees to give him up so as not to jeopardize his career. On the way back to New York via Canada , John offers Lee a chance to escape, but she turns down the opportunity. Back in New York, Lee is put on trial, but she pleads guilty when she realizes that John could get into trouble for attempting to throw her case. As she is led away, John proposes to her, and she tells him that if he still feels the same way when she gets out, she will marry him."] ['Spencer and Katherine Davenport must fly to Pennsylvania to spend the holidays with their father. But, when a massive blizzard grounds all planes and cancels all the flights, the children are sent to the U.M.  room, where they meet motor-mouthed Charlie, sensitive Donna, snotty Grace, and mysterious Beef. The children later sneak out and cause trouble around the airport. When they return to the U.M. room, head of passenger relations, Oliver Porter sends all remaining children to a lodge down the road. But, the children cannot remain caged and sneak out once more. Knowing his younger sister might be disappointed, Spencer sends Beef to get a Christmas tree. Later, on their way to the lodge, Porter and his men pursue the children, but fail. After visiting Katherine, the unaccompanied minors are brought back to the airport. Porter puts them in solitary confinement and turns on security cameras in the room. The children escape through air ducts and decorate the airport in Christmas decorations. On Christmas morning, Santa  gives the stranded passengers gifts. The film ends as the blizzard later stops and the Davenports have a reunion when their father arrives in a Humvee.'] [' On Christmas Eve, in the 1950s, a young boy who lives in Grand Rapids, Michigan is hoping for belief in the true spirit of Christmas. He looks through magazines and encyclopedias for confirmation of Santa Claus and the North Pole, but to no avail. About an hour later, the boy goes outside to find a magical train called the Polar Express. The conductor tells him that the train is headed to the North Pole to go to Santa, and that this year is the year that he should board the train. The train route goes north, first through boreal pine forest, then across tundra, then across the frozen Arctic Ocean, to Polar City on an island, everywhere snowbound. In the tundra, the train had a difficult crossing of an area where flood submerged the track and then froze. On the train, the boy encounters a group of other children who are on their way to see Santa Claus, including a young girl, a know-it-all, and a lonely little boy also from Grand Rapids whose name is Billy. When the conductor asks for tickets from everyone so he can punch them, the boy discovers his ticket is miraculously in his left pocket. The conductor punches two letters into each child\'s ticket . However, he forgets to punch the girl\'s ticket. The protagonist finds the girl\'s ticket lying on her seat and, realizing that it wasn\'t punched, tries to give it to her. However, he loses the ticket in the wind, but unknown to him, the ticket miraculously ends up in a vent in the same car that the boy was in. However, the boy does not realize this, and he tells the conductor that he lost the girls ticket. The conductor then takes the girl up to the roof, and the know-it-all says that she will be thrown off the train. The boy suddenly sees the ticket in the vent, and grabs it just before it slips away. When the boy then climbs on the roof to try and stop the conductor, he meets a hobo  on the roof, who helps him to get towards the conductor and the girl by skiing as the train goes downhill. The hobo warns the boy that Flattop Tunnel is approaching, and that it only has 1&nbsp;inch of clearance between the roof of the train and the tunnel itself. They do make it in time, and the boy jumps and lands in the tender. The hobo had disappeared after the boy had jumped. The boy finds the girl driving the train. She explains that the two people who are supposed to be controlling the train, Smokey the engineer and Steamer the fireman, are trying to fix the light on the train and the conductor let her control. The boy later safely hands the girl her ticket for the conductor to punch. They soon reach the North Pole and find out that Billy is riding alone in the observation car, because he does not want to see Santa, as he comes from a broken home on the bad side of his hometown due to a dissolved marriage from his parents\' cultural differences. He says that Christmas never turns out well for him. The boy and girl run back to try to get him to come along with them, but the protagonist accidentally steps on the uncoupling lever and the observation car speeds backwards. The three of them travel from section to section of the North Pole\'s industrial area with guidance from the girl, who claims she hears the sound of bells that will show them the way if they follow the sound. They first visit the Control Center, then the Wrapping Hall, and finally a warehouse, before they are airlifted back to the center of the city via airship. As the sleigh is being prepared, one of the bells fall off. The boy picks it up and shakes it, remembering that the girl and Billy could hear a bell earlier when he could not. As before, he cannot hear it. The boy then says he believes in Santa and the spirit of Christmas. The boy is handpicked by Santa Claus to receive "The First Gift Of Christmas." Realizing that he could choose anything in the world, the boy asks for the beautiful-sounding silver bell  that had fallen from Santa\'s sleigh. The boy places the bell in the right pocket of his robe, and all the children watch as Santa takes off for his yearly deliveries. As the children leave the north pole, the protagonist discovers one of the pockets of his robe is torn and the bell is missing. His friends suggest they go back outside to find it, but it is too late. He is saddened by the loss of his bell, but is happy when he sees Billy holding up his present at his doorway, indicating that Santa had already visited him. On Christmas morning, his sister Sarah finds a small present hidden behind the tree after all the others have been unwrapped. The Hero Boy opens the present and discovers that it is the bell, which Santa had found on the seat of his sleigh. When the Hero Boy rings the bell, both he and Sarah marvel at the beautiful sound; but because their parents neither believe in Santa Claus nor Christmas, they do not hear it and remark it to be broken. The last line in the movie repeats the same last line from the book: "At one time, most of my friends could hear the bell, but as years passed, it fell silent for all of them. Even Sarah found one Christmas that she could no longer hear its sweet sound. Though I\'ve grown old, the bell still rings for me, as it does for all who truly believe."'] ["Jessica Riggs  is an 8-year-old girl whose mother died of unknown causes and who is in the care of her rough, quiet, protective father John Riggs . During the Christmas season, Jessica finds a hurt reindeer who she believes to be Santa's reindeer Prancer. As she nurses Prancer back to health, a deep bond grows between the two. She is helped by a friendly old veterinarian , befriends the old town recluse , and comes to forge a closer relationship with her older brother Steve . Jessica and her father often clash after he discovers Prancer living in the barn and, despite her widowed father revealing brief moments of deep love for his daughter, he does not understand Jessica's special love for helping the reindeer. After a misunderstanding, he sells Prancer to a business owner temporarily. His walls of hard feelings begin break down and he and Jessica finally forge a deep, loving bond. Jessica, after several emotional and physical struggles between her best friend, her family, and the town, manages to cure Prancer and set him free, where he is seen flying to the sky to rejoin the other seven deer of Santa's sleigh on Christmas Eve."] ['Frank Cross  is a cynical television programming executive. He has found great success and wealth but only by becoming cold-hearted and cruel. His ruthless concentration on his career has cost him his true love, Claire Phillips . It has also alienated him from his brother James , and ruined any chance of having a happy and fulfilling life. Frank overworks his assistant Grace Cooley , forcing her to constantly break plans with her family and neglect her mute son Calvin. When a disturbing TV commercial that Frank personally produced is criticized by timid yes man Eliot Loudermilk , Frank responds by firing him on Christmas Eve. When Cross is given the task of heading up a live Christmas Eve broadcast of A Christmas Carol, his life begins to mirror the story he\'s producing. The decomposing corpse of his mentor, media mogul Lew Hayward , comes to tell him the error of his ways, and to announce the impending visitation of three Ghosts. Adding to Frank\'s stress is his boss, Preston Rhinelander  who takes the liberty of hiring an assistant, Brice Cummings  who is transparently after Frank\'s job. The Ghost of Christmas Past  appears as a New York City cab driver and takes Frank back to his childhood in 1955, to his late teens in 1968 when he had his first job at the TV station, in 1969 for his anniversary with Claire, and 1971 the year in which he chose his job as "Frisbee the Dog" over her. The sequence shows how Frank gradually became the man he is in the present. The Ghost of Christmas Present  then appears as a life-size pixie who delights in hitting Frank; she shows him how Grace\'s family lives in poverty because of his stinginess and how much his brother misses him. After the second ghost\'s visit, Eliot Loudermilk, drunk and angry, storms the office with a shotgun and tries to murder Frank. The Ghost of Christmas Future, a seven-foot-tall ghoul with a TV screen for a face, appears and shows Frank a future in which Calvin has ended up in a mental hospital, Claire has become as cold and uncaring as he is, and only James and James\' wife attend his cremation. Frank finally sees the error of his ways and begs for a second chance. He awakens back in his office, right as the live broadcast is wrapping up. The reformed Frank rehires Loudermilk at a considerable salary increase, steps in front of the rolling studio cameras , and delivers a monologue about spending Christmas with the people you care about instead of watching TV. Calvin urges him to add Tiny Tim\'s phrase, "God bless us, everyone", finally breaking free of his mute condition. Claire appears in the studio and Frank reconciles with her, sharing a romantic kiss as Grace and the cast and crew sing "Put a Little Love in Your Heart".'] ["Kibosh, the King of Ghosts, decrees that Casper must scare someone before Christmas Day or he will be banished to The Dark for all eternity. To make sure this happens, he confiscates the Ghostly Trio's Scare licenses and flings them to Kriss, Massachusetts where they meet the Jollimore Family. When Casper's good behavior starts to act up, the Ghostly Trio call in Casper's look-a-like cousin Spooky and his girlfriend Poil to do the job."] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge  is a cynical and embittered old man whose greatest concern is money, and who regards compassion as a luxury he cannot afford. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley , his former business partner, who, as a result of his greed and mistreatment of the poor, is doomed to walk the earth forevermore, never to find rest or peace, fettered in chains of his own sins. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by three spirits in an attempt to show him the errors of his ways and avoid the same horrid afterlife &mdash; the Ghosts of Christmases Past , Present , and Yet to Come ([[Michael Carter . The spirits force Scrooge to examine the failings of his own life, as well as the bravery and optimism of his loyal but ill-treated employee Bob Cratchit ([[David Warner . Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] [' Although the 1934 film makes use of many of the characters in the original play, as well as several of the songs, the plot is almost completely unlike that of the original stage production. In contrast to the stage version, the film\'s story takes place entirely in Toyland, which is inhabited by Mother Goose  and other well known fairy tale characters. Stannie Dum  and Ollie Dee , live in a shoe , along with Mother Peep , Bo Peep , a mouse resembling Mickey Mouse , and many other children. The mortgage on the shoe is owned by the villainous Silas Barnaby ([[Henry Brandon , who is looking to marry Bo Peep. Stannie and Ollie set out to get the money for the mortgage from their boss, The Toymaker . But after the Toymaker finds that Stannie has mixed up an order from Santa Claus  and one of the soldiers wrecks the toy shop, Stannie and Ollie are fired without getting the money. The two then hatch a plan to sneak into Barnaby\'s house and steal the mortgage, but are again foiled by their incompetence. Barnaby has them arrested on a burglary charge, and the two are sentenced to be dunked in the ducking stool and then banished to Bogeyland. But Barnaby agrees to drop the charges if Bo Peep will marry him. She reluctantly agrees, but not before Ollie suffers the dunking. Stannie and Ollie come up with a new scheme. At the wedding, Ollie is present to give the bride away. After the nuptials, but before the ceremonial kiss, Ollie asks for the "wedding present"  from Barnaby. After inspecting it, Ollie tears it up, and then lifts the bride\'s veil — to reveal Stannie, who had worn Bo Peep\'s wedding dress to the ceremony. Bo Peep is still free, and the mortgage is gone. Ollie teases Stan about having to live with Barnaby as Stan cries saying "I don\'t LOVE him". Enraged, Barnaby plots his revenge, eventually hitting on the idea of framing Bo Peep\'s true love, Tom, Tom, the Piper\'s Son , on a trumped-up charge of "pignapping", and getting him banished to Bogeyland. Barnaby proceeds to abduct Little Elmer , one of the Three Little Pigs, and then has a henchman plant false evidence  in Tom-Tom\'s house. Tom-Tom is put on trial, convicted, and banished to Bogeyland, which he is taken to on a raft by two hooded executioners across an alligator infested river. A distraught Bo Peep follows him.  Meanwhile, Ollie and Stannie find evidence implicating Barnaby in the pignaping, including the fact that the alleged sausage links presented as evidence at Tom-Tom\'s trial are made of beef. They later find the kidnapped pig alive in Barnaby\'s cellar. A manhunt commences for Barnaby, who flees to Bogeyland through a secret passageway at the bottom of an empty well. Stannie and Ollie eventually follow Barnaby down the well. Meanwhile, Bo Peep crosses the river to Bogeyland, finds Tom-Tom and explains Barnaby\'s trickery to him. In a sequence cut from most of the television prints , Tom-Tom sings a lullaby  to Bo-Peep in an enormous cave set with giant spider webs. Barnaby catches up to Tom-Tom and Bo Peep, and attempts to abduct Bo Peep but gets into a fight with Tom-Tom, who gives Barnaby a well-deserved thrashing. Pursued by Barnaby, Bo Peep and Tom-Tom escape into the caverns of Bogeyland and run into Stannie and Ollie. The foursome escape back through the well and are welcomed by the town, who now realize Barnaby\'s treachery. An enraged Barnaby grabs a large stick and beats a stalactite to summon an army of Bogeymen. He leads an invasion of Toyland on a fleet of rafts in a scene reminiscent of the painting of Washington Crossing the Delaware. Ollie and Stan tell their story to Old King Cole   and the townspeople as two Bogeymen scale the wall and open the gate. The crowd flees in panic as the army of torch-wielding Bogeymen attacks Toyland. Ollie and Stannie run and hide in the toy shop. There they discover boxes of darts and use them to fight off the Bogeymen. Stan and Ollie then empty an entire box of darts into a cannon, but as the two search for the last remaining darts, they realize instead that they should activate the wooden soldiers. The "march" alluded to in the film\'s title begins as the soldiers march out of the toy shop . The scene changes to live action as the soldiers attack the Bogeymen with the bayonets of their rifles. Barnaby is defeated and trapped and covered by blocks that spelled "rat" and the Bogeymen are routed and driven back into Bogeyland, where alligators appear to feast on them, although this is never made clear. The kingdom of Toyland is saved. Stan and Ollie decide to give the Bogeymen a parting shot with the dart-filled cannon. As Stan aims the cannon and lights the fuse, and Ollie turns away to avoid the loud blast, the barrel of the cannon flips backwards and unleashes the barrage of darts on Ollie, covering his back with darts. The film ends with Stan pulling them out one by one as Ollie winces.'] ['The oil company is headed by Sumner Murdock . The exploration project in the North Pole is recommended and managed by Michael Baldwin . The movie opens with several dynamite blasts. Dynamite is being used to break up ice which is clogging up the deep-sea drilling rigs. Disappointingly to the company, despite a successful blast, the drilling rig produces no oil. Baldwin is then picked up from work by an airplane flown by his wife Claudia . On the way home, Claudia tells Michael that she wants to move the kids back to Los Angeles where they can live in a more civilized environment. Michael argues that he cannot just walk away from the exploration since it was his idea. Upon arriving home, Michael and Claudia must deal with their three children arguing with each other about the existence of Santa Claus. To make matters worse for Michael, Murdock, portrayed as the stereotyped insensitive corporate boss, threatens to terminate his employment if the exploration does not produce results. The next day, Michael returns to his office, where he is met by Santa Claus’s chief elf Ed ([[Paul Williams . Ed informs Baldwin that their dynamiting is causing damage to North Pole City, the home of Santa Claus and his elves. He explains that while their activities at "Site A", their primary drilling area, are causing extensive damage, any blasts at their secondary site, known as "Site B", would destroy North Pole City due to the greater proximity of the dynamite blasts. Assuming that Ed was just hired to pull off a practical joke, Baldwin bursts into uncontrollable laughter. The next day, Ed arrives at the Baldwins’ house in a modified World War II-era snowcat, explaining that he intends to take Michael and his family to North Pole City to prove that Santa Claus is real and reveal the damage that is being done. Michael cannot go since he has a meeting at work, but Claudia and the kids agree to go along, continuing to assume that its just a practical joke. Ed then takes them to North Pole City. They meet Santa  and Mrs. Claus . Santa shows them his secrets, including a device that slows time down so he can make all his deliveries in one night and anti-radar devices that protect North Pole City from being sighted. Santa then shows Claudia how North Pole City has sustained damage because of the dynamiting at “Site A” and how the city is right next to “Site B,” where the company may also begin to dynamite. He warns them that one blast at Site B would mean the end of the city and, therefore, Christmas as they know it. He then says that the main oil field is actually at Site A and that they will find it if they keep dynamiting there. Upon returning home, Claudia tells Michael and Murdock what Santa said about where the oil is. Murdock believes that Claudia and the kids were given a hallucinogenic drug by Gaylord, the corrupt head of a rival oil company, to keep them dynamiting in the wrong place. Murdock orders that Site B be dynamited on Christmas Eve so they can get to the oil before Gaylord does. The kids eavesdrop on this meeting and decide to sneak out of the house in the middle of the night and take a snowmobile to warn Santa. The youngest Child, C. B., is left behind to tell the parents where the older two went. When C. B. tells Claudia, the latter takes off in her plane to look for them. She sights snowmobile tracks and follows them into an ice fog. Santa, with his sleigh and reindeer, goes into the fog to rescue them and takes them back to North Pole City. The ice fog keeps Claudia and the kids trapped inside North Pole City, so they must remain there until the fog lifts. Meanwhile, Michael requests that Murdock postpone the dynamiting until Claudia and the kids are found. Murdock denies the request. However, despite Murdock\'s orders, Michael continues to dynamite at Site A, believing that the oil field is located there regardless. On Christmas Eve, as the dynamite crew is out at Site B counting down to the time to dynamite, C.B. receives a call at home from a crew member informing him that a gigantic oil field has been discovered on Site A. C.B. rushes out of the house to catch up with his father, who just left for work, and give him the news. He then convinces his father that the dynamiting at Site B should be canceled since the oil has been found. Michael rushes to his office and radios the man in the hut near Site B to terminate the countdown. The man then leaves the hut, jumps on a snowmobile and rides out to the site, arriving just in time to stop the dynamiting. That night, Santa drops Claudia and the children off at home while making his deliveries and the family is reunited. Murdock then arrives at the door to confront Michael on his refusing to dynamite at Site B. Michael informs him that oil had been found at Site A. Just then, the reindeer bells are heard and the Baldwins and Murdock go out to the porch to see the Santa flying across the sky. A stunned but happy Murdock offers Baldwin a promotion. Baldwin declines, saying that he is going to make Claudia happy by moving them back to Los Angeles.'] ['When ten-year-old Jess\'s very best friend Bobby moves away, she is inconsolable in her grief. Her eccentric Aunt Millie decides the best medicine is to tell her a story about another ten year-old girl, Katie, from another time and place, who wanted only one thing...to ice-skate. While practicing on an outdoor rink near her home, Katie is befriended by Otto Brewer, a former Olympic skating champion, who offers to teach her "proper skating", and under Otto\'s tutelage, Katie blossoms into a magnificent skater. However, Katie\'s father loses his job and the family is forced to move to the big city, Katie is devastated. Meanwhile, in the North Pole, Santa and his elves are celebrating the birth of Blizzard , a baby reindeer born to Blitzen and Delphi. It quickly becomes apparent that Blizzard possesses all three magical reindeer gifts: the ability to fly, the power to make herself invisible, and the gift of empathic navigation - being able to see with her heart. Using her empathic ability, Blizzard feels Katie\'s sadness and flies to Katie\'s home to investigate. Despite the rigid rules of the North Pole, Blizzard helps Katie learn that the value of true friendships is that they never truly go away. However, by breaking these rules, Blizzard must face the possibility of banishment at the hands of Archimedes, Santa\'s strict head elf. Only true friendship can save her now'] ['Cattle rustlers Robert Hightower, Pedro \'Pete\' Rocafuerte, and William Kearney rob a bank in the town of Welcome, Arizona, but Kearney suffers a bullet wound and they have to flee into the desert, pursued by the posse of Sheriff Buck Sweet, who puts a bullet in their water bag. They eventually lose their horses in a desert storm and end up walking. In their search for water, they come across a water hole, which has, however, been destroyed by the misguided efforts of a bumbling tenderfoot. In his covered wagon left nearby lies his wife , who is very pregnant and about to give birth. With the help of the trio, she has a boy, whom she names Robert William Pedro after her benefactors. Before dying, she extracts a promise from the baby\'s three godfathers that they will take care of him. Moved by the woman\'s plight, the three desperados uphold their promise despite the acute lack of water. With William wounded from the robbery and the sheriff\'s posse in pursuit, they leave with the baby for the town of New Jerusalem, which lies across a wide expand of desert. After crossing a salt flat, William dies from exhaustion and the effects of his injury; later, Pete falls and breaks his leg. Robert leaves him his pistol, for "protection from coyotes." As he walks away, he hears a single gunshot. Finally at the end of his strength, Robert nearly loses hope, but in his delirium the ghosts of his two friends appear and refuse to let him give up. He finally reaches New Jerusalem and enters a cantina where people are singing Christmas carols, and then collapses right after Buck catches up with him. Robert is arrested, but because of his heroism and refusal to give up custody of his godson in favor of the Sweets , he is viewed by the townspeople as a hero even before the trial comes to its conclusion. In the end, Robert is sentenced to the minimum sentence of a year and a day and, as he leaves to serve his sentence with a promise to return, is given a cordial farewell by the entire town.'] ["Jack Campbell is a single, wealthy Wall Street executive living the high life in New York City. He is in the midst of putting together a billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas Day to ensure its success. Family clearly has no meaning for him. In his office, on Christmas Eve, he is surprised to hear that his former girlfriend, Kate, tried to call him after many years. After reminiscing a bit, he walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, barges in saying that he has a winning ticket. The store clerk believes that Cash is lying and refuses to give him his winnings. Cash pulls out a gun and is about to shoot the clerk before Jack offers to buy the ticket from him, thus averting disaster. Jack and Cash settle their business deal outside, and Jack arrogantly offers to help Cash before going to sleep in his penthouse. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children. Shocked and confused, he hurries back to his office and condo in New York, but not even his closest friends recognize him. Confused, Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash, who is now driving Jack's Ferrari. Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order to learn a lesson. What that lesson is unknown and is personal to Jack's life. Jack realizes that he is living the life he could have had if he had not gone to London to study and become an investment banker but had stayed in the United States with his then girlfriend. He instead has a modest family life, where he is a tire salesman and Kate is a non-profit lawyer. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, making many serious blunders such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a married woman, and forgetting his anniversary. Very soon, Jack's young daughter realizes his secret and decides to assist him in surviving his new life. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife, and working hard at his dull job. He suddenly finds himself being offered a contract to work at the very same investment firm from his real life, having impressed the Chairman of the firm with his business savvy when he came in for a tire change. His old mentor once again gladly offers him a job, while a formerly sycophantic employee is instead in Jack's old position, with an assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate. While he is wowed by the potential salary and other complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy where they are and that they should be thankful for the life they have. Just as Jack is finally realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again  and demands to stay in this life, but, though sorrowful of Jack's situation, Cash informs him that there is nothing he can do. So, his epiphany jolts him back to his wealthy—yet as he now realizes, lonely and unfulfilled—former life on Christmas Day. In desperation, he forgoes closing his $130 billion pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate, who had left the message the day before. He finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a very wealthy lawyer. Furthermore, she had only called him to give back some of his old possessions. Before she moves to Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her love. Shocked but intrigued, she agrees to a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they might have a future after all."] [" Drew Latham  is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy  with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Dr. Freeman  at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco  sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia  arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-dah . Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian ([[Josh Zuckerman  sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine . Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamor shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valco's house with her parents. Drew promises the Valco's an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamor shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in a diner together."] ['Scott Calvin  is a 38-year-old divorced father and advertising executive for a toy company in the fictional city of Lakeside, Illinois with a young son, Charlie . On Christmas Eve, Charlie comes over to spend the night with Scott before going to his mother and stepfather\'s for Christmas Day. Scott attempts to assure Charlie of Santa Claus\' existence, while in full disbelief himself. That night, they are awakened by a clatter on the roof. Going outside to investigate, they can see someone on there. Scott yells at the trespasser, "Hey, you!", which causes him to lose his balance and fall off. He appears to be Santa Claus. After he lands he magically disappears, but his suit remains. They find a business card in a pocket stating that if something should happen to him, someone should put on the suit, and the reindeer will know what to do. They find his sleigh and eight reindeer perched on the roof. While trying to figure out how to explain all of this to people, Scott bumps his head on a ladder leading up to the roof. Scott puts on the suit to please Charlie, and begins delivering toys from house to house. Their final stop is the North Pole where the head elf, Bernard , shows him a tiny inscription on the card which says that upon the disappearance of the previous occupant, whoever wears the suit immediately assumes the identity of Santa Claus and all the responsibilities that go with it. This is the "Santa Clause," as stated by Bernard: "You put on the suit and you\'re the big guy!" He also gives Charlie a snow globe as a gift.Quotes from The Santa Clause from the Internet Movie Database He then tells Scott that he only has eleven months, until Thanksgiving, to get his affairs in order before becoming Santa Claus full-time, which he tries to refuse. He and Charlie spend the night at the factory. The next morning they awaken back in Scott\'s house, where the only indication of their previous night\'s adventure is his new silk pajamas with "SC" monogrammed on them. He dismisses it all as a dream. Soon, however, Scott starts gaining weight and he interjects a presentation on the company\'s new toy by complaining about Santa not being represented with his sleigh and they should simplify their toy designs. He develops a ravenous, strange taste for Christmas treats, like cookies, hot cocoa, chocolates and Christmas Cakes. Scott grows facial hair practically overnight, and shaving it off has no effect as it regrows instantly. His hair turns gray then white, despite all attempts to dye it. He somehow knows who has been "naughty" and "nice". Scott also starts wearing clothes with red and green, and his heart even beats Jingle Bells. Children  approach him with gift requests. His rapid transformation worries his ex-wife Laura  and her new husband, psychiatrist Dr. Neil Miller , who tries to terminate his visitation rights to Charlie. They question his mental stability, and believe that his changes are attempts at getting his son to like him. Eventually, Scott\'s visitation rights to Charlie are suspended. Depressed and discouraged, he begins to lose some of his certainty about his job as Santa. While visiting Charlie on Thanksgiving, Charlie\'s insistence that Scott is Santa reawakens his magic and he, with Bernard\'s help, whisks him away to the North Pole. Laura and Neil, who think he has kidnapped him against his will, call the police, who start a massive investigation. Meanwhile, at the North Pole, Charlie helps Scott and the head elves perfect a new sleigh and communication devices. He calls his mother, but this only reinforces their belief that he is being held against his will. Nevertheless, Scott, as Santa Claus, goes on with his Christmas Eve trip, but is arrested while delivering presents to the Miller house, and is accused of kidnapping Charlie. They try to test his sanity, but when Scott still says he is Santa they sentence him a couple hours in a jail cell. Scott waits very impatiently on the roof, the elves don\'t hear Santa/Scott\'s responses and send out A team of rescue elves called the ELFS  to free Scott from jail by tying up the front desk guard and using tinsel to break through the bars . The ELFS then fly him and Charlie home to Laura and Neil, to whom Scott/Santa gives the presents they always wanted since childhood but never got.  Neil receives an Oscar Meyer weenie whistle, Laura receives a mystery date game, and Charlie gets a soccer ball. In the meantime a couple of kids in the crowd rush back to their houses in time to get sleep before Santa/Scott would visit them. Laura, finally realizing that Scott really is the new Santa, tosses the custody papers into the fireplace and welcomes him to visit Charlie any time that he desires. Neil, both amazed and joyful, realizes that one does not have to see something to believe in it. Bernard tells Charlie that the snow globe is magical. Anytime he wants his father to visit, all he has to do is shake it. Then the police arrive to arrest Scott for escaping prison, but they are also amazed when Scott flies away with his reindeer and sleigh. After ten minutes, Charlie shakes the snow globe and Scott comes back, saying he was on his way to Cleveland, and takes Charlie with him to deliver the rest of the presents,Laura requests that they don\'t go oversees though.'] ['Kris Kringle is indignant to find that the person  assigned to play Santa in the annual Macy\'s Thanksgiving Day Parade is intoxicated. When he complains to event director Doris Walker , she persuades Kris to take his place. He does such a fine job that he is hired to be the Santa for Macy\'s flagship New York City store on 34th Street. Ignoring instructions to steer parents to goods that Macy\'s sells, Kris directs one shopper  to another store for a fire engine for her son that Macy\'s does not have. She is so impressed, she tells Julian Shellhammer , head of the toy department, that she will become a loyal customer. Kris later informs another mother that archrival Gimbels has better skates for her daughter. Fred Gailey ([[John Payne , an attorney and neighbor of Doris, is babysitting the young divorcee\'s six-year-old daughter Susan  and takes her to see Kris. In a touching scene, Susan observes as Kris speaks in perfect Dutch with an orphaned immigrant girl who does not know English.{{cite web}} When Doris finds out, she asks Kris to tell Susan that he is not really Santa Claus, but Kris surprises her by insisting he is. Doris decides to fire him, worried that he is delusional and might harm someone. However, Kris has generated so much good publicity and customer goodwill for Macy\'s that a delighted R. H. Macy  promises Doris and Julian generous bonuses. To alleviate Doris\'s misgivings, Julian has Granville Sawyer  give Kris a "psychological evaluation". Kris easily passes the test but antagonizes Sawyer by questioning Sawyer\'s own psychological health. The store expands on the marketing concept. Anxious to avoid looking greedy by comparison, Gimbels implements the same referral policy throughout its entire chain, forcing Macy\'s and other stores to respond in kind. Eventually, Kris accomplishes the impossible: Mr. Macy shaking hands with Mr. Gimbel . Pierce , the doctor at Kris\'s nursing home, assures Doris and Julian that Kris\'s delusion is harmless. Meanwhile, Fred offers to let Kris stay with him so he can be closer to work. Kris makes a deal with Fred – he will work on Susan\'s cynicism while Fred does the same with disillusioned Doris, still unhappy about her failed marriage. Kris learns that Sawyer has convinced a young, impressionable employee, Alfred , that he is mentally ill simply because he is generous and kind-hearted . Kris confronts Sawyer and raps him on the head with the handle of an umbrella. Doris and Julian only see the aftermath; Sawyer exaggerates his injury in order to have Kris confined to Bellevue Mental Hospital. Tricked into cooperating and believing Doris to be part of the deception, a discouraged Kris deliberately fails his mental examination and is recommended for permanent commitment. However, Fred persuades Kris not to give up. To secure his release, Fred gets a formal hearing before Judge Henry X. Harper  of the New York Supreme Court. Ordered by Mr. Macy  to get the matter dropped, Sawyer pleads with Fred not to seek publicity. To Sawyer\'s dismay, Fred thanks him for the idea. As a result, Judge Harper is put in an awkward spot – even his own grandchildren are against him for putting Santa Claus on trial  for lunacy. Fred quits his job at a prestigious law firm to defend Kris and has a falling out with Doris, who calls his resignation an "idealistic binge" over some "lovely intangibles." He replies that one day she might discover that they are the only worthwhile things. At the hearing, District Attorney Thomas Mara , whose wife accused him of "persecuting"  Santa Claus, gets Kris to assert that he is in fact Santa Claus and rests his case, believing he has prima facie proven his point. Fred stuns the court by arguing that Kris is not insane because he actually is Santa Claus – and Fred will prove it. Mara requests the judge rule that Santa Claus does not exist. Harper is warned privately in chambers by his political adviser, Charlie Halloran , that doing so would be disastrous for his upcoming reelection bid. The judge buys time by deciding to hear evidence before ruling. Fred calls R.H. Macy as a witness. Mara pointedly asks if he really believes Kris to be Santa Claus. Macy starts to equivocate, but when Mara asks him point-blank, Macy remembers the expressions on the faces of small children upon seeing Kris and firmly states, "I do!" On leaving the stand, Macy questions Sawyer whether he got his psychology degree from a correspondence school, then fires him. Fred then calls Mara\'s own young son to the stand. Thomas Mara Jr. testifies that his father had told him that Santa was real and that "My daddy wouldn\'t tell me anything that wasn\'t so. Would you, daddy?" Outmaneuvered, Mara concedes the point. Mara then demands that Fred prove that Kris is "the one and only" Santa Claus on the basis of some competent authority. While Fred searches frantically, Susan, by now a firm believer in Kris, writes him a letter to cheer him up, which Doris also signs. A mail sorter  sees that Susan\'s letter is addressed to the New York County Court House and realizes that the post office could clear out the many letters to Santa taking up space in its dead letter office by delivering them to Kris. Kris is uplifted by Susan\'s letter. Fred learns that Kris has received over 50,000 pieces of mail. He presents Judge Harper with three letters addressed to "Santa Claus", which the U.S. Post Office has just delivered to Kris. Fred asserts that the post office qualifies as a competent authority and that by delivering the letters to Kris is acknowledging that he is in fact the Santa Claus. Mara challenges Fred by recalling the post office\'s dead letter office, which normally would contain thousands of such letters at that time of the year. When Harper demands that Fred produce "further exhibits", the judge finds his bench inundated with 21 bags of letters, all presumably from the dead letter office. Declining to dispute the Post Office\'s "legal recognition" of Kris as Santa Claus, Harper dismisses the case. Afterwards, Doris invites Kris to dinner, but he reminds her that "It\'s Christmas Eve!" On Christmas morning, Susan is disillusioned because Kris was apparently unable to get her what she told him she wanted most. As they are about to leave, Kris gives Fred and Doris a route home that avoids traffic. Along the way, Susan is overjoyed to see the house of her dreams  with a For Sale sign in the front yard. Fred learns that Doris had encouraged Susan to have faith, and suggests they get married and purchase the house. He then boasts that he must be a great lawyer, since he managed to do the seemingly impossible. However, when they notice a cane leaning against the fireplace that looks just like the one Kris used, he wonders aloud to Doris, "Maybe I didn\'t do such a wonderful thing after all."'] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge is a skinflint businessman who loathes the Christmas season and begrudges having to give time off to his best employee, Bob Cratchit. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his late friend and business partner, Jacob Marley, who in the afterlife has come to see the errors of his ways. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Christmas Present, and Christmas Yet to Come in hopes of teaching Scrooge of the importance of embracing the joy of the holiday season. Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ["Sam Field  is a high-powered businessman and scion of a rich industrialist family with his own factory. Though a workaholic, Sam manages to enjoy a playboy lifestyle, having one girlfriend after the other, while struggling with never having lived up to his father's expectations. One day, his spokesman and best friend Dave Hebert  explains that a wealthy potential buyer of his company believes that Sam is a loyal family man. Even though he is not amused by having to pretend to be a married father, he agrees to the scheme of hiring actors to play his wife and son. After some unsuccessful rehearsals with his hired family, Sam is about to give up all hope of landing the deal, when a 7-year-old girl suddenly enters his house. This is Zoey Russell , a well-meaning and friendly young girl who constantly gets into trouble due to her energetic impulses. One of these impulses was running into Sam's house, which, according to Zoey, resembled her doll house. Zoey's mother, Kathleen , is a single parent who struggles with combining parenthood with her job, coincidentally at Sam's factory. She had aspirations of becoming an artist, but settled for a lesser position when she married Jerry Russell , who has since left her. Kathleen is offered a large sum of money for her and Zoey to pose as Sam's loving family. She is not impressed with Sam, but agrees to take the job because she needs to save money for a down payment on a house, but also because Zoey is fond of Sam's house. They are given a make-over by Sam's staff and are taught what to say and what not to say to the potential client, Javier Del Campo . He is scheduled to stay at Sam's mansion for a weekend, during which he becomes fond of Zoey. When Javier announces that he will stay until the negotiations are completed, for another two weeks, Zoey is delighted, unlike Sam and Kathleen. Sam is especially frustrated, because the family act has negative influence on his work. One evening, Zoey unintentionally messes up Sam's office, which causes him to have an angry outburst. Kathleen is appalled by his behavior toward her daughter and immediately quits and leaves the house. That evening, Sam comes to Kathleen's apartment, apologizes to her and convinces her to return. The next night, the 'family' and Javier go out ice skating, during which Zoey becomes convinced that Javier is an angel. Sam, meanwhile, realizes that he is more charmed with Kathleen than with an attractive young woman who was flirting with him earlier that evening. Just when things are going for the upper, Jerry shows up where Sam, Dave and Javier are having lunch. He demands to know what is going on, and threatens to let Javier know and scuttle their negotiations. Sam, aware of his hustler lifestyle - even though Zoey thinks that he has left home to become an astronaut - offers him money to keep their secret, with the condition that he not contact his family until after Christmas. Shortly after, Kathleen learns that the possible deal between Sam and Javier includes a sale, not a merger as she thought, meaning that production will move to Mexico and will cost most of Sam's employees  their jobs. In response, she shows Sam how much his employees need their job, which puts Sam in even a more difficult position. The same evening, the bonding continues over present wrapping and they are about to kiss but are interrupted by Zoey waking up from a nightmare. On Christmas morning, Javier signs the contract, though Sam is not willing to, claiming he doesn't do business on Christmas. Instead, he kisses Kathleen under the mistletoe, which upsets Zoey. To worsen the matter, Jerry shows up, confusing Javier. Sam explains the entire situation, and Javier responds understandably, even offering to honor the contract. Again, Sam refuses to sign it, choosing instead to save the factory employees' jobs. Jerry, meanwhile, prepares to leave, assuring Zoey that she is better off with Sam and Kathleen. Nevertheless, she is devastated and reacts by climbing up a tree to see her father leave. Sam and Kathleen follow her, and the branch Zoey is on breaks. She is hanging from a branch and is afraid she can't hang on much longer. Sam tells her that he loves her and assures her that he will catch her, which he does. At the end it is shown that Zoey accepted Sam as her new father."] ["Holly  and Ben  arrive to her mother's new work place. They meet Nick  and Ben starts to believe Nick is Santa Claus. Throughout the film, Ben tries to set Holly and Nick up together so he could get his wish of bringing back his dead father. Holly and Nick are sent secret admirer letters from Ben. They both meet each other and figure out they were set up. Holly figures Ben was behind it and lectures him on how some people were not meant to be together. Ben and Nick play hockey and Ben's dog Oscar is hit by a post truck in the process. His dog is in the vet and Holly blames Nick for this incident. Many scenes later, they make up and kiss. Nick turns out to be Santa in the end with Holly and Ben watching in awe. Nick flies into the sky in a sleigh guided by reindeer. The veterinarian and Oscar arrive to the house to give the news that Oscar is fine. Holly and the veterinarian become engaged in the end."] ["A hobo played by Barnard Hughes decides it's time to go home. Drifting from place to place, Hughes finds himself in his hometown of Salt Lake City at Christmas time. Here he hopes to close old wounds and be reunited with his unforgiving son played by Gerald McRaney, and get to know the grandchildren he has never met. McRaney, still resenting the fact that Hughes ran out on his family 25 years earlier, gives his father only one day with his grandkids; after that, he's expected to leave and never come back. All the while Hughes' friends warn him that his son and the past are memories that are best left alone, and should leave, but he has to find out for himself."] ["In this adaptation of the Christmas story narrated by Charles Dickens himself  with the occasional commentary of Rizzo the Rat, it is Christmas Eve in 19th century London. The merriment is not shared by Ebenezer Scrooge , a surly money-lender who is more interested in profit than celebration. So cold to the season of giving is he that his book-keeping staff, including loyal employee Bob Cratchit , has to plead with him just to have the day off work during Christmas by pointing out that Scrooge would have no customers on the holiday and that it would waste coal to sit alone in the office. Scrooge's nephew, Fred , arrives to invite his uncle to Christmas dinner and two gentlemen (Bunsen and [[Beaker  also come to Scrooge's offices, collecting money in the spirit of the season to provide a Christmas dinner for the poor. Scrooge rebuffs his nephew and complains that it is not worth looking after the poor, as their deaths will decrease the surplus population. Fred is shocked at his uncle's uncharitable and cold nature, but repeats his invitation, makes his own donation, and departs. Later that evening, Scrooge finds himself face to face with the still mean-spirited spirits of his former business partners, Jacob and Robert Marley  who have been condemned to shackles in the afterlife as payment for the horrible deeds they committed in life. Nonetheless, they warn him that he will share the same fate, only worse, if he does not change his ways, and foretell the arrival of three spirits throughout the night. Scrooge is first visited by the Ghost of Christmas Past , a childlike specter who takes Scrooge on a journey back through time to his youth. He recalls his early school days, during which he focused on his studies; meeting of a young woman named Belle , with whom he would later fall in love; and the end of their relationship, despite Scrooge's protests that he would marry her as soon as he feels he has enough money to provide for them, which Belle knows, given Scrooge's birthing obsession with money, he will most likely never have. Scrooge then meets the Ghost of Christmas Present, a large, festive spirit with a booming voice who lives only for the here and now. He gives Scrooge a glimpse into the holiday celebration of others, including Bob Cratchit, and his family who, although poor, are enjoying Christmas together and reveling in the anticipation of the Christmas goose. The Spirit also shows Scrooge's own family, who are not above cracking jokes at Scrooge's expense. Finally, Scrooge meets the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, a silent entity, who reveals the chilling revelation that young Tiny Tim  will not survive the coming year, thanks in no small part to the impoverished existence of the Cratchit family. Furthermore, it is revealed that when Scrooge's own time has passed, others will certainly delight in his absence from the world, with four local pig businessmen attending his funeral only for the free food, and that the laundress, the undertaker and the charwoman Mrs. Dilber steal the very clothes he has slept in and selling it to a spider fence named Old Joe . Upon seeing his headstone in the cemetery, it is the final epiphany that convinces Scrooge to change his ways, and makes him vow to celebrate with his fellow man. He returns to his bedroom on Christmas Day, and Scrooge goes about the town spreading good deeds and charity. He enlists the help of Bean Bunny, at whom he threw a wreath earlier in the film, and the two travel around the town gathering items for a Christmas feast and giving gifts to characters who had previously been wronged by Scrooge. Scrooge tells his assistant, Bob Cratchit, that he is going to raise his salary, and pay for his house mortgage. He also plans a feast for Cratchit's family, and learns to adopt the spirit of Christmas throughout the year, now encouraged by the addition of new friends."] ['The film focuses on the issues of the commercialization of Christmas, materialism, the over-consumption in American culture, globalization, and the business practices of large corporations, as well as their economic and cultural effects on American society, as seen through the prism of activist/performance artist Bill Talen, who goes by the alias of "Reverend Billy", and his troupe of activists, whose street theater performances take the form of a church choir called "The Church of Stop Shopping," that sings anti-shopping and anti-corporate songs. The film follows Billy and his choir as they take a cross-country trip in the month prior to Christmas 2005, and spread their message against what they perceive as the evils of patronizing the retail outlets of several different large corporate chains.'] ['Set in the fictional town of Greenwood Falls, Virginia , the film stars Erik von Detten as Billy Jackson, a selfish teenager forced to relive the same Christmas every day.{{cite journal | first Rindge | authorlink  | year December 2 | title The Post and Courier | volume  | pages  | url  "Oh"> {{cite journal | first McDonough | authorlink  | year December 21 | title Charleston Daily Mail | volume  | pages  | url  "record"> {{cite journal | first Malleck | authorlink  | year December 19 | title The Record | volume  | pages  | url  "im" />{{cite journal | first  | authorlink  | year November 25 | title News & Record | volume  | pages  | url  "record"/>'] ["The plot begins with the portrayal of the Massacre of the Innocents. The remainder of the movie portrays the annunciation  and nativity  of Jesus Christ to explain why King Herod  ordered the murder. Teenage Mary , betrothed to marry Joseph of Judea , is spoken to by God and told that she is to deliver His child and call him Jesus. Mary then goes to stay with her cousin Elizabeth for the harvest, when she witnesses the birth of John the Baptist to Elizabeth , who is past child bearing age, and her husband Zachariah . Mary returns from the visit pregnant, to the shock of Joseph and her parents. Mary is accused of fornication, for which, if she is found guilty, she could be stoned to death in a public execution. At first Joseph does not believe Mary's explanation that she was visited by an angel, and that she has not broken her vow of chastity. He resolves to quietly divorce her, but before he acts on this plan, he is visited by the very same angel. Joseph then believes Mary, and promises to stay by her side. Meanwhile, Caesar Augustus has demanded that every man and his family must return to his place of birth for the census. For Joseph, as a direct descendant of King David, this involves a {{convert}} trip across rocky terrain from Nazareth to Bethlehem, the place of his birth. Such a trip  would likely have taken several weeks. When they reach Bethlehem, Mary goes into labor. Joseph frantically seeks a place for the two to stay, but there is no room in any inn or home . At the last minute, an innkeeper offers his stable for shelter. While Mary's story is being told, a concurrent plot line features the travels of the three Magi, Gaspar, Melchior and Balthasar, who had previously discovered that three planets will align to form a great star. This Star of Bethlehem appears before the Magi, after a visit by the angel, Gabriel. The Magi eventually visit Herod and tell him that a King of the Jews has been born. Herod considers himself to be King of the Jews; thus, he asks them to journey to the East and pay a visit to the newborn Jesus, and report the location back to Herod under the pretense that he, too, would like to worship him. Unbeknown to Mary and Joseph, the Magi show up at the stable in which the family is staying, and present the baby with the well-known gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh. As instructed by the angel, the Magi do not return to Herod, but return to their origin via a different route. King Herod realizes that the wise men have defied him, and in retribution demands the murder of every boy in Bethlehem up to the age of two. Joseph is warned in a dream of the danger and flees with Mary and the child to Egypt."] 