["In a time when and place where women were not usually permitted careers, especially in the medical field, Belinda Tyler  deeply wants to be a doctor and feels that God has called her to be one. She displays her abilities while helping out a local doctor and caring for Mrs. Stafford-Smith ,an elderly woman who recently had a stroke. While Belinda nurses Mrs. Stafford-Smith back to health and helps her regain the use of her right arm, she meets Drew Simpson , the nephew of a deceased neighbor. He has come to town to prepare his uncle's farm for sale. Once that's done, he will return to New York to join his father's law practice; he has no wish to stay in this small, unsophisticated town. But after meeting Belinda, he has second thoughts. She also feels something for him, but her life plan is to become a doctor, then move back home to provide medical care to her family and neighbors. Although most women of the time only married and had children, Belinda wants more. She has a great mind for medicine and also feels called to it by God. She doesn't see how a relationship with Drew would work, especially when Mrs. Stafford-Smith offers to put her through medical school in Boston. She informs Drew of her plan and prepares to leave. But after Belinda's grandfather shares how he recognized his feelings for wife Marty, Drew realizes that he cannot live without Belinda. Meanwhile, Belinda's mother and grandmother counsel her about her future and advise her to pray. Just as Belinda boards the stagecoach, Drew arrives and tells her he loves her and is willing to practice law in Boston while she's in medical school. Once she becomes a doctor, they will move back to this small town together if that is what she wants. He asks her to marry him. Knowing she feels the same way about Drew, Belinda finally admits her feelings and accepts his marriage proposal. She and Drew are married with her family and friends present before they move to Boston together."] ["In 63 BC, Pompey conquers Jerusalem and the city is sacked. The conqueror goes to the Temple to seize the treasure of Solomon and massacres the priests there. He discovers that the treasure is nothing but a collection of scrolls of the Torah. These he holds over a fire until an old priest reaches for them imploringly. Pompey relents and hands them to the old man. Many years later, a series of rebellions break out against the authority of Rome, so the Romans crucify many of the leaders and place Herod the Great on the throne of Judea. At the end of the century, a carpenter named Joseph and his wife Mary, who is about to give birth, arrive in Bethlehem for the census. Not having found accommodation for the night, they take refuge in a stable, where the child, Jesus, is born. The shepherds, who have followed the Magi from the East, gather to worship him. However, Herod, informed of the birth of a child-king, orders the centurion Lucius and his men to go to Bethlehem and kill all the newborn children. Mary and Joseph flee to Egypt with the child. Herod dies, killed by his son Herod Antipas, who then takes power. In Nazareth, Jesus, who is now twelve years old, is working with Joseph when soldiers arrive under the command of Lucius, who realizes that Jesus escaped the massacre of the infants. But he does nothing and only asks that Mary and Joseph register their son's birth. Years pass and Jewish rebels led by Barabbas and Judas Iscariot prepare to attack a caravan carrying the next governor of Judea, Pontius Pilate and his wife Claudia. The ambush fails and Barabbas and Judas flee for their lives. Pilate and Herod Antipas meet on the banks of the River Jordan, where John the Baptist preaches to the crowds. Jesus arrives here, now 30 years of age. He is baptized by John, who recognizes that Jesus is the Messiah. Jesus goes into the desert, where the temptations by Satan occur. After forty days, Jesus travels to Galilee, where he recruits his Apostles. In Jerusalem, Herod arrests John the Baptist, who is visited by Jesus in prison. Judas leaves the rebel Barabbas and joins the Apostles. Jesus begins to preach and gather crowds, among which are Claudia, Pilate's wife, and Lucius. Herod beheads John on a whim of his stepdaughter, Salome. Herod, Pilate and the High Priest Caiaphas are terrorized by the works and miracles of Jesus. Barabbas plots a revolt in Jerusalem, during which time Jesus enters triumphantly into the holy city and goes to the Temple to preach. The rebels storm the Antonia Fortress, but the legions of Pilate become involved and crush the revolt, causing hundreds of casualties. Barabbas is arrested. Jesus meets the disciples on the evening of Thursday, having supper one last time with them and after goes to pray at Gethsemane. In the meantime, Judas wants Jesus to free Judea from the Romans and to force his hand delivers him to the Jewish authorities. Jesus is brought before Caiaphas and then to Pilate. Pilate starts the trial, then sends him to Herod Antipas, who, in turn, sends him back. Pilate is infuriated by Antipas's returning of Jesus and commands his soldiers to scourge him. The people demand the release of Barabbas and Pilate bows to their pressure and sentences Jesus to be crucified. Jesus, wearing a crown of thorns on his head, carries his cross to Golgotha where he is crucified with two thieves, one of them the Penitent thief Dismas. Desperate because he has betrayed Jesus to his death, Judas hangs himself and his body is found by Barabbas. Jesus dies in front of his mother, the apostle John, a few soldiers, and Claudia  and Lucius . His body is taken down from the cross and is carried to a rock tomb. Two days later, Mary Magdalene finds the tomb empty, and encounters the Risen Jesus. The film ends on the shores of Lake Tiberias when Jesus appears to the Apostles and tells them to bring his message to the ends of the world. Only his shadow is visible, forming the shape of a cross where it falls on the stretched-out fishing nets, as the screen fades to black."] ['Marty Claridge  has just moved out to the West with her husband Aaron Claridge , who dies in a riding accident shortly after. Marty, expecting her late husband\'s baby and left with nowhere to go, is in need of a place to stay through the winter. With no other options, she accepts the arrangement offered by widower Clark Davis , who offers to give her a place to stay for the winter and provide her with the fare for the wagon train heading back East in the spring. In exchange, they agree to get married, as he wants her to provide a maternal influence for his young daughter Missie . The two do not live together as husband and wife but keep separate quarters. Initially, it is not an ideal arrangement for any of them, and at first Marty and Missie do not get along. Marty learns more about "Clark\'s God" than she ever dreamed, and as the winter season passes, they all start to feel more like a family, and finally Marty and Clark come to realize they\'re in love.'] ['{{Plot}} In a Norwegian mountain village, children play under the shadow of a sinister mountain of the trolls. In one small cottage a gnome, Bu , is happily decorating his own home  with Christmas decorations, aided by mice and birds. He explains that the Christmas season doesn\'t really start for him until the arrival of the Christmas tree, at which point two girls and their father return to the cottage dragging a tree on a sleigh. When the humans set the tree up in their home below, the uppermost branches are pushed through a hole in the attic to form a miniature tree for the gnome. He quickly decorates the tree, topping it with a minuscule Bible. Bu explains that while his people, like humans, love Christmas, the trolls do not. He explains that trolls live high in the mountains because they fear our world — to them, all that is good is bad, all that is right is wrong and that Christmas is scarier than Halloween. They have no word for "love", and do not believe in God. He adds that he knows all this because the previous year he not only lived among the trolls, but was their crown prince. The film turns to the previous December. Bu narrates how his father, the two-headed King Ulvik , could grow so angry that storms would sweep across Norway. Ulvik is shouting at his wife Queen Sirena  for having given him the insulting news that Bu is failing his lessons at Sinister School. Sirena waives his anger displaying an obvious favoritism for her younger sons the two-headed Borch  and the two-headed Prag . Ulvik accuses the queen of having passed on bad genes to Bu . Sirena rebuffs this by pointing out Bu\'s lack of grotesque features, like his father. It was also mentioned that Bu is the oldest of Borch and Prag but doesn\'t look like he\'s older than them. She claims that his innocent looks and unassuming personality will lead to a revolt if he remains crown prince. Ulvik decides that he will have to teach his son to be a brat, blaming the modern school system for lack of discipline. In Sinister School, Professor Nidaros  teaches his class to cause disorder, inflict pain, and follow the Troll Golden Rule: "Do unto others before they do unto you" . His lesson is interrupted by Ulvik, who arrives to test his sons\' educations. While Prag demonstrates his understanding of humans , and Borch demonstrates a knowledge of troll conduct , the king only cares about Bu\'s learning. The crown prince timidly answers his father\'s questions, taken from the Troll Bible, correctly , but finishes by politely asking to return to his seat. Upon hearing Bu utter the words "thank you", Ulvik begins shouting at his son, accusing him of profanity and disgrace, at which Bu begins to cry. Infuriated with Bu showing tears, Ulvik sends the class fleeing at his rage. Later, the young trolls make good on their lessons, ruining each other\'s fun in the winter weather. Bu sits alone in the palace courtyard, hurt by his father\'s tirade while Ulvik is scolding Professor Nidaros for not making Bu bad enough. A dim-witted troll named Ribo (voiced by [[Michael Bell  tells Borch and Prag that they should eat their eldest brother, making Prag the new crown prince. A devious bull-headed troll named Stav  suggests that the princes do not have the nerve to deal with Bu, to which they protest that the king would kill them if they hurt the troll prince. Based on a rumor that the humans are currently involved in something strange , the four trolls devise a plan to trick Bu into venturing to "People-land", in the hopes that he will get killed by humans while investigating. They tell Bu that the humans may be planning an invasion of the Troll Kingdom, and that as prince it is his duty to investigate. While Bu is at first hesitant , he is inspired by the thought that uncovering the humans\' plot will make his father proud. Summoning his courage, Bu decides to lead the four trolls to People-land in spite of his timidity, facing the trollish fears of humans and those who are different . Their first obstacle down the mountain is the Troll Bridge, which is made of rotting ropes held together by frost. Though the trolls hope Bu will fall , he makes it safely across and the five continue down the mountain, encountering two rabbits and a squirrel . Finally they arrive in a small Norwegian mountain village. Venturing to the nearest cottage, Bu witnesses a woman baking and eating gingerbread men. Mistaking them for flattened, cooked trolls, Bu flees the scene in horror, telling his companions to run for their lives. Though the trolls believe Bu, they tie him to the top of a tree near a ledge of the mountain on their way back to the kingdom. Bu pleads with his brothers to rescue him, but they mock him for using the word "please" and leave him to the mercy of the humans. Two young girls, Kristi  and Sonja  come with their father  to find a Christmas tree. Choosing the tree to which Bu is bound, they chop it down and haul it onto their sleigh, singing a carol . While decorating the tree at home, the two sisters discover Bu, whom they take for a gnome based on his friendly appearance. Avoiding their questions, Bu demands to know more about them, confused by the good nature of their song versus his knowledge of humans. As the girls explain caroling and Christmas, Bu is confused by the word "Christ". After Kristi mentions the Bible, Bu is curious to see what humans use . Sonja reads Luke 2:10–11, prompting Bu to ask what "savior" means. After learning that Christ is sent to "love the whole world" , Bu asks if "the whole world" includes him. Kristi and Sonja, taking him for a gnome, don\'t hesitate to say yes. When he questions God\'s love for trolls, the girls affirm that, as evil as they may be, God must love them . As he listens, to Bu\'s shock his heart begins to beat for the first time in his life. Sonja finds a miniature Bible used as an ornament and gives it to the prince. As Bu begins to read, the house tremors and winds howl outside. Horrified, he runs to the window and realizes the king\'s messenger, Malfred , has been sent by his father to retrieve him. Bu frantically tries to help Kristi and Sonja escape, but realizing they have no place to go but their home, he leaves them to find Malfred before the messenger finds them. As he runs into the mountains, Bu realizes he finally understands love. Manifested as a ruinous, fiery-eyed monster of the wind, Malfred freezes the awaiting Bu and carries him to a cell in the palace prison. As Bu wanders confused in his cell, he hallucinates of Kristi and Sonja before realizing they are gone. Remembering them brings to mind his Bible, however, which Bu begins to read, discovering the true Golden Rule. He falls asleep reading Luke, but is roused by the reawakening of his heartbeat. As he finally accepts that Sonja and Kristi must be right, two giant troll guards remove him from his cell and take him to a public trial. As the crowd accuses him of sedition and mocks his appearance, Ulvik explains that Bu has been brought before the Council of Elders  to determine whether he is fit to remain crown prince. Borch and Prag have testified against Bu, claiming he attempted to push them off the Troll Bridge. They add that he tied them to trees and bragged of spying for the humans, which horrifies the crowd and Bu\'s parents. Finally Borch concludes that the humans plan to cook and eat the trolls, at which Queen Sirena accuses Bu of trying to kill her "babies". Ulvik protests that there is no evidence against his son, but Krill (voiced by [[Michael Bell  the prosecuting attorney charges Bu with heresy while Stav points out that Bu is at least guilty of desertion. Agreeing that if Bu has committed heresy than he is guilty, Ulvik encourages his son to prove his knowledge of "Trollship", at which Sirena accuses her husband of favoritism. The king proceeds to ask his son the same questions he had asked him previously in Sinister School. Bu, however, recites the biblical Golden Rule, his belief in Jesus, and that he has a heart full of love. As he speaks, he fails to notice his nose shrink, his tail disappear, and his ears lose their points. Not understanding what Bu is saying, but recognizing its contradiction to the Troll Bible, the court accuses him of blasphemy. Irate, the king not only strips Bu of his princeship, but disowns him and leaves him to the mercy of the crowd. Bu escapes amid the confusion and heads down the mountain in a snow storm. Discovering that the former prince has escaped, Sirena fears that he will lead the humans to the Troll Kingdom and begs Ulvik to retrieve him. The king, however, depressed by the loss of his favorite son, assures his wife that Bu has never been a traitor and will not cause them any trouble. He tells Sirena to let him go as "it\'s all over." Having eavesdropped on their parents\' conversation, Borch and Prag find Stav and Ribo and head out armed into the night to kill Bu. Lost in the wilderness, Bu laments that he has no home since he is neither a troll nor a human ; he finds shelter by a tree and falls asleep. Meanwhile, the murderous trolls are chased back up the mountain by a fox, the Troll Bridge crumbling behind them and trapping them in the Troll Kingdom. As they flee, they are watched warily by a gnome named Bjørn  and his wife . Discovering Bu at the base of their treehouse, Bjørn ventures down to see if he is another troll, but proclaims that he must be a traveling gnome. As Bu protests, he catches his reflection in a slab of ice and sees that he is no longer trollish. Bjørn asks Bu to stay in the valley to help out the other gnomes with their work. After Bu learns that he is in the village where Kristi and Sonja live, Bjørn takes him to their cottage. Back in the present, Bu readies himself for bed. He explains that while his story may sound like a fairy tale, the story of Jesus is not. He falls asleep as the Star of Bethlehem shines outside.'] ['Jennifer Peters  attempts to save her brother Roy, who has been abducted by a serial killer. The murderer is known as the Riddle Killer, or R.K., because of how he ties in riddles with his murders. Jennifer has recently written a book about the nature of serial killers, to which R.K. has taken offence. Jennifer follows R.K.\'s clues and finds Roy, but fails to save him as the car in which he is trapped explodes. Kevin Parson  is a seminary theology student. Kevin has recently completed the third draft of his thesis about the nature of good and evil. One day, he receives a phone call from R.K., demanding that he confess some unspecified sin, or his car will explode. He also tells Kevin a riddle: "What falls but never breaks? What breaks but never falls?"  Puzzled at what sin he means and the riddle, Kevin quickly escapes from the car before the explosion. He informs the police, among them Jennifer, but leaves out the part about the sin the killer demanded he confess, believing that the sin is what he did some time ago. Back at his home, he meets up with his friend since childhood, Samantha Sheer ([[Laura Jordan . They decide to try to figure out the mystery of the Riddle Killer, who continues to target him, and who appears to be somehow able to monitor Kevin in his own home. Kevin receives a threat against his childhood dog, and goes to the house of his Aunt Balinda , who abused him when he was a child. He fails to save his dog from a bomb. Kevin and Sam also find that his home has been broken into, and the papers of his thesis scattered around. They find a clue left by R.K. that a bus would be destroyed, and luckily manage to get everyone off in time. Sam and Kevin theorize who might have a grudge against him. Kevin remembers a boy from when they were children who tried to kill him. In self-defense, Kevin had locked him in a warehouse and left him to die. They conclude that he escaped, and is now R.K. Kevin confesses leaving him in the warehouse on television and apologizes, hoping to satisfy him and that he would now be left alone. However, R.K. insists that it is not sufficient and does not relent. Jennifer tries to research who the boy might have been, but she finds nothing. She also visits Kevin\'s Aunt Balinda, and finds that she has been keeping her husband and son Bobby in the dark about the entire world outside their home, and had done so to Kevin as well. R.K. leaves a bomb in another warehouse and lures Kevin and Sam in to try to stop it. He locks Sam in a room while her back is turned, and Kevin gets her out, but they do not have time to stop the bomb. Jennifer and the police arrive and investigate. Sam leaves, and Kevin insists on not cooperating with Jennifer, as the killer insisted on no police involvement, under threat of killing more people. Jennifer declares her resignation, saying that as she is no longer officially involved, she no longer counts. However, Kevin ignores her. Kevin finds another threat, this time to his Aunt Balinda. He rushes to try to save her. He finds Balinda tied up, and the Riddle Killer introduces himself as Slater .In the book, Slater\'s identity is given at the beginning. Sam finds a note by R.K. and is startled to see he has the same handwriting as Kevin. In a phone conversation, Jennifer and Sam talk about it, and how there was only one pair of footprints in the warehouse, and how Sam had never actually seen R.K. They realize that all the riddles were about opposites, like nightfall and daybreak, and R.K. might actually be essentially Kevin\'s "evil half." There is another threat, Kevin is told some clues that help him to know that a library building will be exploded as well, so Kevin and Samantha try to stop this incident from happening. Kevin almost died this time. After finding where Kevin went, Sam rushes to Balinda\'s house, and finds that the Riddle Killer, Slater, is real after all when she looks under the door and sees two pairs of shoes. Slater explains that he will have Kevin kill Balinda, then leave him to take the blame, as everyone will believe Kevin is the Riddle Killer. Jennifer arrives to find Kevin pointing a gun at himself. As it turns out, Slater and Sam are both figments of Kevin\'s imagination. Kevin had been traumatized by the treatment by Balinda, had imagined his friend Samantha and the boy with whom he had fought, and had subconsciously imitated the real Riddle Killer. Jennifer convinces Kevin of this, and his visions of Slater and Sam vanish.In the book, Sam herself convinces Kevin to open his eyes, and to see the creator. Kevin is devastated that his best friend is gone, but the professor assures him that Samantha will always be with him; she is him. Kevin had said that the real Riddle Killer was right in front of their eyes, and Jennifer discovers while examining his wall of clippings that the hot dog vendor who had supposedly been given a book by the killer to give to her is at the front of the crowd in a photo, holding a camera. When captured, he confesses that he hates copycats and had meant to kill Kevin for copying him. Kevin is sent to an institution, and Jennifer visits him there.'] ['{{Plot}} The elderly and pious Christian sisters Martine  and Philippa  live in a small village on the remote western coast of Jutland in 19th-century Denmark. Their father was a pastor who founded his own Christian sect. With their father now dead, and the sect drawing no new converts, the aging sisters preside over their dwindling congregation of white-haired believers. The story flashes back 49 years, showing the sisters in their youth. The beautiful sisters have many suitors, but their father rejects them all, and indeed derides marriage. Each daughter is courted by an impassioned suitor visiting Jutland &ndash; Martine by a charming young Swedish cavalry officer, Lorens Löwenhielm, sent to stay with his aunt in Jutland for the summer to correct bad behavior. Philippa is pursued by a star baritone, Achille Papin, from the Paris opera, on hiatus to the silence of the coast. The young officer Lorens, upon meeting Martine, envisions "a higher and purer life without creditor\'s letters or parental lectures and with a gentle angel at his side." He attends the congregation\'s meetings, but feels unnoticed by Martine. Finally, he walks away feeling unworthy of Martine, having spent his life as a dissolute gambler. When the French baritone attempts to take Philippa to Paris and gets carried away and kisses her during a rehearsal of a duet from Don Giovanni, Philippa decides to discontinue the lessons and turns down his offer of stardom and wealth. Thirty five years later, Babette Hersant  appears at their door. She carries only a letter from Philippa\'s former suitor, the singer Achille Papin, explaining that she is a refugee from counter-revolutionary bloodshed in Paris, and recommending her as a housekeeper. The sisters take Babette in, and as their cook for the next 14 years, she serves as a modest but benign figure who gradually eases their lives and the lives of many in the remote village. Her only link to her former life is a lottery ticket that a friend in Paris renews for her every year. One day, she wins the lottery of 10,000 francs. Instead of using the money to return to Paris and her lost lifestyle, she decides to spend it preparing a delicious dinner for the sisters and their small congregation on the occasion of the founding pastor\'s hundredth birthday. More than just a feast, the meal is an outpouring of Babette\'s appreciation, an act of self-sacrifice; Babette tells no one that she is spending her entire winnings on the meal. The sisters accept both Babette\'s meal and her offer to pay for the creation of a "real French dinner". Babette returns to Paris to arrange for supplies to be sent to Jutland. The ingredients are plentiful, sumptuous and exotic, and their arrival causes much discussion amongst the village. As the various never-before-seen ingredients arrive, and preparations commence, the sisters begin to worry that the meal will become a great sin of sensual luxury, if not some form of devilry. In a hasty conference, the sisters and the congregation agree to eat the meal, but to forego speaking of any pleasure in it, and to make no mention of the food during the entire dinner. The final part of the film is the preparation and the serving of Babette\'s banquet, lavishly deployed in the unadorned austerity of the sisters\' rustic home. The film, previously showing mainly winterly whites and grays, gradually picks up more and more colors, focusing on the various and delectable dishes. Martine\'s former suitor, Lorens, now a famous general married to a member of the Queen\'s court, reappears as one of the guests with his aunt, the local lady of the manor and a member of the old pastor\'s congregation. He is unaware of the other guests\' austere plans, and as a man of the world and former attache in Paris, he is the only person at the table qualified to comment on the meal. He regales the guests with abundant information about the extraordinary food and drink, comparing it to a meal he enjoyed years earlier at the famous "Café Anglais" in Paris. Although the other celebrants refuse to comment on the earthly pleasures of their meal, Babette\'s gifts breaks down their distrust and superstitions, elevating them physically and spiritually. Old wrongs are forgotten, ancient loves are rekindled, and a mystical redemption of the human spirit settles over the table. Babette\'s menu begins with an amontillado and features "Potage à la Tortue" ; "Blinis Demidoff au Caviar" ; "Caille en Sarcophage avec Sauce Perigourdine" ; a salad featuring Belgian chicory and walnuts in a vinaigrette; and "Les Fromages" featuring blue cheese, papaya, figs, grapes, pineapple, and pomegranate. The grand finale dessert is "Savarin au Rhum avec des Figues et Fruits Glacées" . Numerous rare wines, including an 1845 Clos de Vougeot, along with an 1860 Veuve Clicquot champagne and spirits, complete the menu. Babette\'s purchase of the finest china, crystal and linen with which to set the table ensures that the luxurious food and drink is served in a style worthy of Babette, who is none other than the famous former Chef of the Café Anglais. Babette kept her past a secret from the sisters for years, not revealing it until after the meal. The sisters assume that Babette will now return to Paris, and when she tells them that all of her money is gone and that she is not going anywhere, the sisters are aghast. Babette then tells them that dinner for 12 at the Café Anglais has a price of 10,000 francs. Martine tearfully says, "Now you will be poor the rest of your life", to which Babette replies, "An artist is never poor."'] ['The story tells the life histories about Saint Peter and Paul of Tarsus after the crucifixion of Jesus, and their individual fates in the old Rome in the time of the persecution of Christians.'] ['In present-day Antioch, former minister Travis Jordan still lives, after losing his faith in God three years before when his beloved wife was murdered and the criminals never found. Suddenly, miracles happen in the little town: the new veterinarian\'s son survives a van accident without a single scratch; Travis\' dog Max revives after being buried, twice; a paraplegic walks; a scarred teenager and her police officer father  heal, outside and inside. In all the events, either a group of three men wearing black were seen nearby, or only their tall, blond  leader, who seems to want everyone to know, "he is coming". Very soon after this a scruffy, gentle-mannered newcomer arrives; Brandon Nichols implies through his healing work and preaching that he\'s Jesus Christ or a better version of a messiah. The local population worships Brandon, while Travis and Morgan feel that something is wrong and conduct an investigation, disclosing that evil has possessed the town dwellers.'] ['Judas is worried about Jesus\' popularity — he is being hailed as a God, but Judas feels he is just a man, and fears the consequences of their growing movement . The other disciples badger Jesus for information about his plans for the future, but Jesus will not give them any. Judas\' arrival and subsequent declaration that Jesus should not associate with Mary dampens the mood. Angrily, Jesus tells Judas that he should leave Mary alone, because his slate is not clean. He then accuses all the apostles of not caring about him . Caiaphas is worried that the people will crown Jesus King, which will upset the Romans. Annas tries to calm him, but he finally sees Caiaphas\' point, and suggests that he convene the council and explain his fears to them. Caiaphas agrees . Judas later says that the money spent on ointment should have been given to the poor. Jesus rebukes him again, telling him that the poor will be there always, but Jesus will not . Meanwhile, the council of the Priests discuss their fears about Jesus. Caiaphas tells them that there is only one solution: like John the Baptist, Jesus must be executed for the sake of the nation . Jesus and his followers joyfully arrive in Jerusalem, but Caiaphas orders Jesus to disband the crowd for fear of a riot. Jesus refuses and speaks to the crowd . Later, the apostle Simon Zealotes, and a crowd of followers, voice their admiration for Jesus . Jesus appreciates this, but becomes worried when Simon suggests directing the crowd towards an uprising against their Roman occupiers. Jesus sadly dismisses this suggestion, saying that they do not understand his true purpose . Pilate, the Roman governor of Judea, reveals that he has dreamed about a Galilean man  and that he will be blamed for this man\'s death . Jesus and his followers arrive at the temple, which has been taken over by money changers and prostitutes. To Judas\' horror and as the priests watch in the background, a furious Jesus destroys the stalls and forces them to leave. Jesus wanders alone outside the city, but is confronted by a crowd of lepers, all wanting to be healed. Jesus tries to heal as many of them as possible, but is overwhelmed by the sheer numbers and eventually gives up, screaming at them to leave him alone . Mary comforts Jesus and Jesus goes to sleep. Mary loves Jesus, but is worried because he is so unlike any other man she has met . Judas goes to the Priests and expresses his concerns, but he is worried about the consequences of betraying Jesus . The Priests take advantage of his doubts, and offer him money if he will lead them to Jesus. Judas initially refuses, but Caiaphas wins him over by reminding him that he could use the money to help the poor . At the Last Supper, Jesus reveals that he knows Peter will deny him and Judas will betray him. A bitter argument between Jesus and Judas ensues, in which Judas asks what if he ruined Jesus\' ambition and stayed there without helping him to reach the Glory. Judas leaves . As the apostles fall asleep, Jesus goes to Gethsemane to pray about his imminent death ("Gethsemane . Jesus waits for Judas, who arrives and betrays him with a kiss, accompanied by guards. The disciples offer to fight the guards, but Jesus will not allow it. Jesus is taken to the High Priest\'s House, found guilty of blasphemy, and sent to Pilate . Peter, meanwhile, fearfully denies Jesus three times after being accused of being one of Jesus\' followers . Jesus is taken to Pilate\'s house, where the governor, unaware that Jesus is the man from his dream, mocks him. Since he does not deal with Jews, Pilate sends him to Herod . The flamboyant King Herod  is excited to finally meet Jesus, for he has heard the hype. He tries to persuade Jesus to perform various miracles. When Jesus refuses to answer, Herod orders the guards to remove him ("Herod\'s Song . The apostles and Mary Magdalene remember how things began, and wish they hadn\'t gotten so out of hand . Jesus is flung into a cell, where he is seen by Judas, who runs to tell the priests that he regrets his part in the arrest. He hurls his money to the ground and curses at the priests before running into the desert. Filled with regret for betraying Jesus, he blames God for his woes for giving him the role of the traitor and hangs himself . Jesus is taken back to Pilate, who questions him. Pilate realizes that, although he thinks Jesus is mad, he has committed no crime. Pilate\'s bemused indifference turns to a frenzy of confusion and anger, both at the crowd\'s irrational bloodthirstiness and Jesus\' inexplicable resignation. Pilate realizes he has no option but to kill Jesus, or the masses will grow violent ("Trial Before Pilate . After Pilate washes his hands of Jesus\' fate, Jesus\' appearance transforms, the heavens open, and a white-jumpsuit clad Judas descends on a silver cross. Judas laments that if Jesus had returned as the Messiah today, he would have been more popular and his message easier to spread. Judas also wonders what Jesus thinks of other religions\' prophets. He ultimately wants to know if Jesus thinks he is who they say he is ("[[Superstar . Judas\' questions go unanswered, and Jesus is sent to die , with ominous, atonal music, with Jesus saying some of his final words before dying.'] ['François Soubirous , a former miller now unemployed, is forced to take odd jobs and live at the city jail with his wife , his two sons, and his two daughters. One morning he goes to find work, and is told to take contaminated trash from the hospital and dump it in the cave at Lourdes. At the Catholic school  which she and her sisters attend, fourteen-year old Bernadette Soubirous  is shamed in front of the class by Sister Vauzous, the teacher , for not having learned her catechism well. Her sister Marie  explains that Bernadette was out sick with asthma. Abbé Dominique Peyramale  enters and awards the students holy cards, but is told by Sister Vauzous that Bernadette does not deserve one, because she has not studied, and that it would not be fair to the other students. Peyramale encourages Bernadette to study harder. Later that afternoon, on an errand with her sister Marie and school friend Jeanne ([[Mary Anderson  to collect firewood outside the town of Lourdes, Bernadette is left behind when her companions warn her not to wade through the cold river by the Massabielle caves for fear of taking ill. About to cross anyway, Bernadette is distracted by a strange breeze and a change in the light. Investigating the cave, she finds a beautiful lady  standing in brilliant light, holding a pearl rosary. She tells her sister and friend, who promise not to tell anyone else, but of course they do, and the story soon spreads all over town. Many, including Bernadette\'s Aunt Bernarde , are convinced of her sincerity and stand up for her against her disbelieving parents, but Bernadette faces civil and church authorities alone. Repeatedly questioned, she stands solidly behind her outlandish story and continues to return to the cave as the lady has asked. She faces ridicule as the lady tells her to drink and wash at a spring that doesn\'t exist, but digs a hole in the ground and uses the wet sand and mud. The water begins to flow later and exhibits miraculous healing properties. The lady finally identifies herself as "the Immaculate Conception". Civil authorities try to have Bernadette declared insane, while Abbé Peyramale, the fatherly cleric who once doubted her and now becomes her staunchest ally, asks for a formal investigation to find out if Bernadette is a fraud, insane, or genuine. The grotto is closed and the Bishop of Tarbes  declares that unless the Emperor orders the grotto to be opened, there will be no investigation by the church. He says this will be a test for Bernadette\'s lady. Shortly thereafter, the Emperor\'s infant son falls ill and, under instructions from the Empress , the child\'s nanny obtains a bottle of the water. Arrested for violating the closure order, she appears in court, identifies herself as the Empress\' employee, and pays the fines of the other persons who attempted to enter the grotto, so that they will not have to serve time in jail. The magistrate permits her to go and to take the bottle of water with her. The Emperor\'s son drinks the water and recovers. The Empress believes that his recovery is miraculous, but the Emperor is not sure. The Empress upbraids him for doubting God, and at her insistence, the Emperor gives the order to reopen the grotto. The Bishop of Tarbes then directs the commission to convene. The investigation takes many years, and Bernadette is questioned again and again, but the commission eventually determines that Bernadette experienced visions and was visited by the Virgin Mary, the Mother of God. Bernadette prefers to go on with an ordinary life, work, and possible marriage, but Peyramale does not think it is appropriate to turn a saint loose in the world, and persuades her to become a nun at the motherhouse of the Sisters of Charity in Nevers, the Saint Gildard Convent. She is subjected to normal although rigorous spiritual training and hard work, but also emotional abuse from a cold and sinister Sister Vauzous, her former teacher at school, and who is mistress of novices here. Sister Vauzous is skeptically jealous of all the attention Bernadette has been receiving as a result of the visions. She reveals this to Bernadette, saying she is angry that God would choose Bernadette instead of her when she has spent her life in suffering in service of God. She says Bernadette has not suffered enough and wants a "sign" proving Bernadette really was chosen by Heaven. Bernadette is diagnosed with tuberculosis of the bone, which causes intense pain, yet she has never complained or so much as mentioned it. The jealous sister, realizing her wrongness and Bernadette\'s saintliness, begs for forgiveness in the chapel, and vows to serve Bernadette for the rest of her life. Knowing she is dying, Bernadette sends for Abbé Peyramale  and tells him of her feelings of unworthiness and her concern that she will never see the lady again. But the lady appears in the room, smiling and holding out her arms. Only Bernadette can see her, however, and with a cry of "I love you!. "I love you! Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for me", she reaches out to the apparition, and falls back dead. Peyramale utters the final words of the film, "You are now in Heaven and on earth. Your life begins, O Bernadette".'] ['In Ancient Egypt, 1285 BC, Yocheved , a Hebrew slave, and her children, Miriam and Aaron, watch as Hebrew baby boys are taken and ruthlessly killed by Egyptian soldiers, as ordered by Pharaoh Seti I , who fears an increase in Hebrew men could lead to an uprising. To save her own newborn son, Yocheved places him in a basket and sets it afloat on the Nile, praying that God will deliver him to a safe fate. Miriam follows the basket and witnesses her baby brother being taken in by the Egyptian Queen Tuya , who names him Moses. 20 years later in 1265 BC Moses  and his foster brother, Rameses , are lectured by their father after they destroy a temple during one of their youthful misadventures. Rameses is berated for their misdeeds though Moses tries to take the blame; Moses later remarks that Rameses wants the approval of his father more than anything, but lacks the opportunity. Seeking to give him this opportunity, Seti names Rameses Prince Regent and gives him authority over all of Egypt\'s temples. In thanks, Rameses appoints Moses as Royal Chief Architect. As a tribute to Rameses, the high priests Hotep  and Huy  offer him Tzipporah , a young Midian woman they kidnapped, as a concubine. After she nearly bites him, Rameses gives her to Moses, who ultimately helps her escape captivity. While following her out of the city, Moses is reunited with Miriam  and Aaron . Miriam tells Moses the truth about his past, despite Aaron\'s attempts to protect her. Moses denies it at first, but a nightmare and conversations with his adoptive parents cause him to realize the truth. Moses asks Seti about the murder of the Hebrew babies; through his reply, Moses realizes that Seti considers the Hebrews inferior to him. The next day, Moses accidentally kills an Egyptian guard while trying to stop him from whipping a Hebrew slave. Ashamed and confused, Moses decides to exile himself, despite Rameses\' pleas that he stay. Moses crosses many miles of desert, and eventually reaches the land of the Midianites, Tzipporah\'s people, who worship the Hebrew god. After Moses saves Tzipporah\'s sisters from bandits, he is welcomed warmly into the tribe by their father Jethro , the High Priest of Midian. After assimilating in this new culture, Moses becomes a shepherd and gradually earns Tzipporah\'s respect and love, culminating in their marriage. One day, while chasing a stray lamb, Moses discovers a burning bush through which God speaks to him. God  instructs Moses to free the Hebrew slaves and take them to the promised land, and bestows Moses\' shepherding staff with his power. Moses returns to Egypt with Tzipporah, entering the palace in the midst of a large celebration. He is happily greeted by Rameses, now Pharaoh and the father of a young prince. Moses tells Rameses to let the Hebrews go, demonstrating the power of God by changing his shepherding staff into an egyptian cobra. Hotep and Huy boastfully "repeat" this transformation by using illusions to turn two staffs into two snakes. However, Moses\' snake eats both of theirs. Rather than being persuaded, Rameses is hardened and orders the slaves\' work to be doubled. Moses and Tzipporah go to live with Miriam, who forgives Moses for his former disbelief, and convinces Aaron and the other Hebrews to trust him. Later, Moses confronts Rameses passing in his boat on the Nile. Rameses orders his guards to bring Moses to him, but they draw back when Moses turns the river water into blood with his staff; the first Plague of Egypt. Similarly to the earlier competition, Hotep and Huy use trickery and dye to make a bowl of water appear to be blood as well. Convinced of the might of the Egyptian gods and his own divinity, Rameses, again, refuses to free the Hebrews. As the days pass, God causes eight more of the Plagues of Egypt occur through Moses\' staff. The plagues ravage Egypt, its monuments, and people. Moses feels tortured to inflict such horrors on the innocent, and is heartbroken to see his former home in ruins. Despite all the pain and destruction caused by the plagues, Rameses refuses to relent, and in anger, when Moses confronts him again, vows to finish the work his father started against the Hebrews, unwittingly providing the stipulations of the final plague. Moses, with nothing left to say to Rameses, resigns himself to preparing the Hebrews for the tenth and final plague. He instructs them to paint lamb\'s blood above their doors for the coming night of Passover. That night, the final plague, the angel of death, goes through the country, killing all the firstborn children of Egypt, including Rameses\' own son, while sparing those of the Hebrews, since they had marked their doorframes with lamb\'s blood, allowing the Passover to identify them. The next day, Moses visits Rameses one last time, who finally gives him the permission to free the Hebrews and take them out of Egypt. Moses weeps at the sight of his dead nephew and for all his brother\'s pain. The following morning, the Hebrews leave Egypt, led by Moses, Miriam, Aaron, and Tzipporah. They are weary at first, but soon begin to heal and find hope and happiness. They eventually find their way to the Red Sea, but as they are resting, they discover that Rameses has changed his mind and is closely pursuing them with his army. With only a few minutes separating the Hebrews from the Egyptians, Moses uses his staff to part the sea, while a pillar of fire blocks the army\'s way. The Hebrews cross on the open sea bottom; when the pillar of fire disappears and the army gives chase, the water closes over the Egyptian soldiers, and the Hebrews are safe. However, Rameses is spared, and he is hurled back to the shore by the collapsing waves, screaming Moses\' name in anguish. Saddened by what he and Rameses have lost forever, Moses bids his brother goodbye one last time and leads the Hebrew people to Mount Sinai, where he receives the Ten Commandments from God.'] ['To the pealing of church bells, Luther begins to ascend into his pulpit to preach, but he is hindered by stomach cramps. It is 1525 at the time of the Peasants\' Revolt. He looks out facing the camera and sees a wounded knight wheeling in a hand cart that holds the body of a fallen comrade. The knight sardonically regales Luther with some of his accomplishments but then accuses him of abandoning those who got his reformation for him. Luther denies this, and the knight dips his right hand into his comrade\'s blood and wipes it across Luther\'s white surplice, telling him he now looks like a butcher. Luther stares silently. The film will return to this scene at this very point after the presentation of all the events of the story that precede it . The scene shifts to the Augustinian cloister in Erfurt in 1506, when Luther becomes a full-fledged monk of the Order of Eremites of St. Augustine at the completion of his novitiate. Following the vesting of the new monk the young knight takes on the role of narrator and commentator for the rest of the film, explaining that Luther had become a monk to protect his soul from demonic attack and that he sought to outdo his brothers in the "counsels of perfection" in order to suppress internal murmurings of doubt. Luther is shown serving his brothers in the refectory, cleaning the cloister\'s latrines, washing the dishes, shivering in cold as he tries to sleep in his cell, and pacing back and forth in prayer. An important line of Luther\'s at this point is, "I am afraid of the darkness and the hole in it ... and there\'s no bottom to it!" He is so overwhelmed by his own sinfulness that he all but bursts open when he is making his confession. In a daily office he leaves the stalls where his brother monks are chanting a psalm, and he collapses in a fit before the altar. The knight reports that he suffered in that way for months but that he was able to cope with his doubts by "dropping them" from out of his head and into his bowels, i.e., becoming constipated. Luther is then shown in his cell just before his first mass. His friend Brother Weinand comes in to tell him that his father has come to attend. In the course of vesting Luther, Weinand has him confess the Apostles\' Creed, repeating twice the article, "the forgiveness of sins" to bring home to Luther that he is expected to believe that his sins are forgiven if he confesses this creed. This is the first time in the film that Luther is confronted. In this confrontation Weinand ends by telling Luther, "God isn\'t angry with you. It is you that are angry with him." When Weinand leaves, Luther imagines he sees Jesus Christ as a fearful judge seated on a rainbow with a sword poised to punish him. This image takes him into the saying of his first mass, which he does poorly by seeming to forget the words of the liturgy. He then faces his father at the reception in the refectory. When father and son are left alone, Hans Luther scolds his son for failing to keep the commandment to honor father and mother when he left the study of law to enter the convent. He also tells him that he believes that Luther is murdering himself in the convent. This is the second confrontation. Luther defends himself by affirming that he did see a vision in the thunderstorm that moved him to make a promise to St. Anne to become a monk. He also shares how he felt closest to his father. The knight begins the next segment with the statement: "So the praising ended, and the blasphemy began." Johann Tetzel is portrayed preaching indulgences with great pomp and circumstance. He makes the bold claim that his indulgences would even provide forgiveness for one who offered violence to the Virgin Mary. In the next scene Luther comes upon his mentor Vicar General Johann von Staupitz as he dozes under a pear tree. Staupitz confronts Luther for a third time with the accusation that he resents authority and makes it look ridiculous by his meticulous observance of his monastic rule. Staupitz urges Luther to articulate his position among his peers in Latin rather than in the vernacular German that would encourage the peasants and young knights to revolt. Luther then is shown preaching a sermon on the eve of All Saints\' Day, 1517, in which he graphically tells how he discovered the gospel of justification by faith alone while sitting on the latrine. He declares that someone has to "bell the cat," and with that he goes out to post his Ninety-five Theses. Luther is then confronted for the fourth time by Tetzel and Thomas Cardinal Cajetan de Vio at Augsburg in the fall of 1518. Cajetan warns Luther that if he does not retract his "errors and sermons" that the unity of Christendom would be sundered. Luther refuses, and Cajetan concludes, "That man hates himself, and if he goes to the stake, Tetzel, you can inscribe it: \'he could only love others.\'" The next scene shows Luther burning the bull Exsurge Domine in defiance of the pope. He then falls to the ground in a fit for a second time in the film. In a prayer he reminds God that the cause he is fighting is God\'s not his. He wonders if God is dead, concluding that God cannot die but only hide himself. The famous session of the Diet of Worms is portrayed when Luther appears for the second time. The inquisitor is portrayed as Johann Eck. Luther is now confronted for the fifth time by Eck, who interrupts his "Here I Stand" speech with the warning that the common man is so greedy as to be incited to revolt if he does not recant. Luther refuses, and the momentousness of that action is emphasized in the film. The young knight exults in the moment: if Luther wanted to he could have led a successful revolt against established authority. The knight breaks off his ardor by disgustedly stating that Luther issued a plea for the extermination of the rebels, his Against the Murderous, Thieving Hordes of Peasants. Luther is portrayed as standing before the emperor and the princes declaiming a portion of his notorious tract. The emperor and the princes walk past Luther with their swords drawn to put down the peasants. Luther is then shown wandering through a devastated marketplace where peasants had been slaughtered. He is brought once again to where he had been confronted by the young knight, who wipes blood across his surplice: Luther is confronted for the fifth time. Luther defends himself with the assertion: "God is the butcher. Address your abuse to him." Luther then tells the story of the Sacrifice of Isaac by Abraham, concluding that God gives life when nothing seems imminent but death. Luther is confronted for the seventh and final time by old Staupitz who has come to visit Martin and his wife Katie. Luther admits that the peasants had just cause but that as a mob they were against Christ. Staupitz is relieved to hear that Luther was not sure when he took his stand at Worms. Luther prays, "Help my unbelief." Katie comes in with their infant son Hans, who cannot get to sleep. Luther repeats his superstition that passing air in the devil\'s face wards him off: going from being anal retentive to being anal expulsive shows one has overcome one\'s doubts and fears. In the final scene Luther takes the baby into his pulpit and assures him that "the dark isn\'t quite as thick as all that," that they should hope that Christ will be true to his word, "A little while and you\'ll not see me, and then again a little and you shall see me" .'] ["Missie Davis  is a hard-working woman who is devoted to both her teaching profession and agricultural labor. She almost fell deeply in love with Grant Thomas , a railroad heir who begins to court her. However, Willie Nathan LaHaye , an odd stranger with a troubled past, appears. Willie helps Missie's father after he has an almost fatal accident. Positioned in a dilemma between two distinct men, Missie learns what is truly important."] ['In 391 AD, Alexandria, is part of the Roman Empire, and Greek philosopher Hypatia , is a teacher at the Platonic school, where future leaders are educated. Hypatia is the daughter of Theon , the director of the Musaeum of Alexandria. Hypatia, her father\'s slave, Davus , and two of her pupils, Orestes  and Synesius , are immersed in the changing political and social landscape. She rejects Orestes\'s love, because she prefers to devote herself to science. Davus assists Hypatia in her classes and is interested in science, and is also secretly in love with her. Meanwhile, social unrest begins challenging the Roman rule of the city as pagans and Christians come into conflict. When the Christians start defiling the statues of the pagan gods, the pagans, including Orestes and Hypatia\'s father, ambush the Christians to squash their rising influence. However, in the ensuing battle, the pagans unexpectedly find themselves outnumbered by a large Christian mob. Hypatia\'s father is gravely injured and Hypatia and the pagans take refuge in the Library of the Serapeum. The Christian siege of the library ends when an envoy of the Roman Emperor declares that the pagans are pardoned, however the Christians shall be allowed to enter the library and do with it what they please. Hypatia and the pagans flee, trying to save the most important scrolls, before the Christians overtake the library and destroy its contents. Davus, chooses to join the Christian forces. He later returns with a gladius and starts sexually assaulting her, but quickly offers his sword to her. However, she removes his slave collar and tells him he is free. Several years later, Orestes, now converted to Christianity, is prefect of Alexandria. Hypatia continues to investigate the motions of the Sun, the Moon, the five known "wanderers" and the stars. Some Christians ridicule the thinking that the Earth is a sphere, by arguing that people far from the top would fall off the Earth. When they ask Davus his opinion he avoids conflict by saying that only God knows these things. Hypatia also investigates the heliocentric model of the solar system proposed by Aristarchus of Samos; by having an object dropped from the mast of a moving ship she demonstrates to Orestes that a possible motion of the Earth would not affect the motion, relative to Earth, of a falling object on Earth. However, due to religious objections against heliocentrism, the Christians have now forbidden Hypatia to teach at the school. The Christians and the Jews come into conflict, committing violent acts against each other. The leader of the Christians, Cyril , views Hypatia as having too much influence over Orestes and stages a public ceremony intended to force Orestes to subjugate her. Hypatia\'s former pupil, Synesius, now the Bishop of Cyrene, comes to her rescue as a religious authority counterweight, but says he cannot help her unless she accepts Christianity; she refuses. Hypatia makes a personal discovery, theorizing that the Earth orbits around the Sun in an elliptic, not circular, orbit with the Sun at one of the foci. Cyril convinces a mob of Christians that Hypatia is a witch and they vow to kill her. Davus tries to run ahead to warn Hypatia, but she is captured by the mob. They strip Hypatia naked and are about to skin her alive until Davus persuades the mob otherwise, and they decide to stone her instead. When everyone goes outside to collect stones, Davus secretly suffocates her and tells the mob that she fainted. Davus leaves as they begin to stone her.'] ["Patty Jo Myers is a young woman who considers herself a Christian because she occasionally reads her Bible and goes to church regularly. She refuses to believe the warnings of her friends and family that she will go through the Great Tribulation if she does not accept Jesus. One morning, she awakens to find that her husband and millions of others have suddenly disappeared. Gradually, Patty realizes that the Rapture, an event some interpret from the Bible, has happened and she and everyone else left behind are entering into the Great Tribulation, the last days of Earth, dominated by the Antichrist. A government system called UNITE  is set up and those who do not receive the mark identifying them with UNITE will be arrested. Patty desperately tries to avoid the law and the mark but is captured by UNITE. Patty escapes but is cornered by UNITE on a bridge, and falls from the bridge to her death. Patty then awakens, this time for real, and realizes that all she had experienced was only a dream. Her relief is short-lived when the radio announces that millions of people have disappeared. Horrified, Patty frantically searches for her husband only to find him missing too. Traumatized and distraught, Patty realizes that the Rapture has indeed occurred and she's been left behind."] ['We see Mary Magdalene, here portrayed as a wild courtesan, entertain many men around her. Upon learning that Judas is with a carpenter she rides out on her chariot drawn by zebras to get him back. Peter is introduced as the Giant apostle, and we see the future gospel writer Mark as a child who is healed by Jesus. The Virgin Mary is shown as a beautiful and saintly woman who is a mother to all her son\'s followers. Our first sight of Jesus is through the eyesight of a little girl, whom He heals. He is surrounded by a halo. Mary Magdelene arrives afterwards and talks to Judas, who reveals that he is only staying with Jesus in hopes of being made a king after Jesus becomes the king of kings. Jesus casts the Seven Deadly Sins out of Mary Magdalene in a multiple exposure sequence. Jesus is also shown resurrecting Lazarus and healing the little children. Some humor is derived when one girl asks if He can heal broken legs and He says yes, she gives him a legless doll. Jesus smiles and repairs the doll. The crucifixion is foreshadowed when Jesus, having helped a poor family, wanders through the father\'s carpentry shop and, himself a carpenter\'s son, briefly helps carve a piece of wood. When a sheet covering the object is removed, it is revealed to be a cross towering over Jesus. Jesus and His apostles enter Jerusalem, where Judas incites the people and rallies them to proclaim Jesus King of the Jews. Jesus, however, renounces all claims of being an Earthly king. Caiaphas the High Priest is also angry at Judas for having led people to a man whom he sees as a false prophet. Meanwhile Jesus drives away Satan who offers Him an Earthly kingdom, and he protects the woman caught in adultery. The words he draws in the sand are revealed to be the sins the accusers themselves committed. Judas, desperate to save himself from Caiaphas, agrees to turn over Jesus. Noticeably at the Last Supper, when Jesus distributes the bread and wine saying that they are His body and blood, Judas refuses to eat. He puts the cup to his lips but refuses to drink; he tears off a piece of bread but lets it drop to the ground. Towards the end, Mary confronts her son and tells Him to flee the danger that is coming. Jesus replies that it must be done for the salvation of all peoples. They leave the room but the camera focuses on the table where a dove flies on and stays for a moment. Jesus goes to the Garden of Gethsemane where He is soon captured by the Roman soldiers and betrayed by Judas. Judas\' life is saved, but on seeing that Jesus is going to be killed he is horrified. He takes a rope that the Romans had used to bind Jesus\' wrists and runs off. Jesus is beaten and then presented by Pontius Pilate to the crowd. Mary pleads for the life of her son and Mary Magdalene speaks for Him but Caiaphas bribes the crowd to shout against Jesus. Jesus is taken away to be crucified, though He pauses the Via Dolorosa to heal a group of cripples in an alley, regardless of His weakened condition. He is crucified and His enemies throw insults at Him.  When Jesus does die, however, a great earthquake comes up. The tree where Judas had hanged himself with the rope used to bind Jesus\'s wrists is swallowed up amidst gouts of hellfire. The sky turns black, lightning strikes, the wind blows, the people who had mocked Jesus run on terror, and the veil covering the Holy of Holies in the Jerusalem Temple is torn in two. The tumult ends when Mary looks up at heaven and asks God to forgive the world for the death of their son. The chaos ends and the sun shines. Jesus is taken down from the cross and is buried. On the third day, He rises from the dead as promised. To emphasize the importance of the resurrection, this scene from an otherwise black and white film is shot in color. Jesus goes to the Apostles and tells them to spread His message to the world. He tells them "I am with you always" as the scene shifts to a modern city to show that Jesus still watches over His followers. Many of the film\'s intertitles are quotes  from Scripture, often with chapter and verse accompanying.'] ['Jay Austin  is a car salesman who consistently cheats his customers, even to the point of overcharging his own pastor. He teaches his rotund salemen, Bernie Meyers  and Vince Berkeley , to do likewise. Jay occasionally attends church, but only because his wife wants him to go. He also fakes giving a donation to the church, and his relationship with his wife and son deteriorates. One day while flipping television channels, he sees his pastor preaching that "you\'re in the shape you\'re in today because of the choices you\'ve made". Jay becomes personally convicted and becomes a born-again Christian, prompting him to change his business practices. Jay decides to sell cars honestly from that point on. He apologizes to the local community, as well as to his wife and son. He is also informed that his wife is pregnant. However, he is now thousands of dollars in debt and facing the loss of his dealership if he can\'t catch up on his payments to the bank. Jay decides not to worry about his situation and to "let God handle it." After the two rotund salesmen leave over a disagreement about the newly reformed business practices, a young, innocent-looking "newcomer" Kevin Cantrell  comes to Jay to work for six weeks and asks him questions, such as how he sells cars. Jay answers by saying, "Just sell the car to them by its real price and God will decide". Sales are honest, but the amounts are mediocre at best. Kevin leaves after the six weeks, and, not longer after, Jay sees himself on television. Kevin was a carefully concealed undercover agent investigating which car dealers cheat. The next day, Jay comes to the lot and sees many people there to buy his cars. He calls his wife to help sell the cars, and they sell all the cars on the lot that day. The total of the sales above the cost of the cars is enough to cover what the banker demanded plus enough to repay all the old customers the amounts Jay had overcharged them. Days after that, he gets a live television interview from reporter Hillary Vale of WALB-TV. On camera, Jay sees his now former employee Bernie saying that Jay Austin is a cheater. Since Jay had just finished visiting his old customers to return the amounts he had overcharged them, the customers, presumably all seeing the news, waste no time to visit the lot to tell Hillary that there is more to the story. At home his wife and son watch him on television when his wife starts to feel contractions. Jay exits the interview and rushes home to send his wife to the hospital. She gives birth to a girl named Faith, to stand as a living reminder of Jay\'s newfound faith in God. At the end of the film, Jay drives away with his son in his 1958 Triumph TR3 with a newly installed flywheel .'] ['{{Expand section}} The film Amen. examines the links between the Vatican and Nazi Germany. The central character is Kurt Gerstein , a Waffen-SS officer employed in the SS Hygiene Institute, designing programs for the purification of water and the destruction of vermin. He is shocked to learn that the process he has developed to eradicate typhus, by using a hydrogen cyanide mixture called Zyklon B, is now being used for killing Jews in extermination camps. Gerstein attempts to notify Pope Pius XII  about the gassings, but is appalled by the lack of response he gets from the Catholic hierarchy. The only person moved is Riccardo Fontana , a young Jesuit priest. While the character of Kurt Gerstein is historical, the character of the young priest is fictional, and the plot is fictional.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ['Go Down Death takes place in an African American community where the criminal boss Big Jim Bottoms  runs a successful juke joint. The arrival of a new preacher  to the town results in many of Big Jim’s customers leaving the juke joint in favor of attending church. Big Jim arranges for the preacher to be photographed in compromising situations with three attractive women. Aunt Caroline, Big Jim’s adoptive mother, becomes aware of the scheme and tries to prevent Big Jim from carrying out his blackmail scheme. There is a physical struggle between Aunt Caroline and Big Jim, resulting in Aunt Caroline collapsing after being struck. Aunt Caroline dies from her injuries, but Big Jim escapes arrest. But following Aunt Caroline’s funeral, Big Jim’s conscience haunts him with visions of eternal damnation in Hell. His body is later discovered in a canyon and the photographs of the preacher are nowhere to be found.<ref nameavg&sql=1:93340 AllMovie Guide overview]'] ['The Egyptian Pharaoh has ordered the death of all firstborn Hebrew males, but a Hebrew woman  sets her infant son adrift on the Nile in order to save him. The infant is rescued from the Nile by an Egyptian princess  who decides to adopt the boy even though her servant  recognizes that the child is Hebrew and protests. As a young man, Moses becomes a successful general, claiming victory in a war with the Nubians of Ethiopia and then entering Egypt into an alliance with them. Moses loves Nefretiri, who is the "throne princess" and must marry the next Pharaoh. An incident occurs when an elderly woman, who is greasing the ground for the pillar of stone to move easier, is almost crushed to death when her scarf gets caught under the slap of stone, prompting Moses to scold Baka. Moses frees the elderly woman from her dangerous chore. Little did Moses know that the elderly woman was his natural mother Yoshebel. While working on the building of a treasure city for Seti\'s Jubilee, Moses meets the stonecutter Joshua, who tells him of the Hebrew God. Moses institutes numerous reforms concerning the treatment of the slaves on the project, and eventually Rameses charges Moses with planning an insurrection, pointing out that the slaves are calling Moses the "Deliverer" of prophecy. Moses defends himself against the charges, arguing that he is simply making his workers more productive by making them stronger and happier and proves his point with the impressive progress he is making. During this time, Rameses has been charged by his father with finding out whether there really is a Hebrew fitting the description of the Deliverer.  Nefretiri learns from the servant Memnet that Moses is the son of Hebrew slaves. Nefretiri kills Memnet and reveals the story to Moses, who goes to Bithiah to learn the truth. Bithiah evades his questions, but Moses follows her to the home of Yoshebel and thus learns the truth. Moses spends time working amongst the slaves to learn more of their lives. During this time the master builder Baka steals Liliah, who is engaged to the stonecutter Joshua. Joshua rescues Liliah but is captured himself; Moses frees Joshua but strangles Baka. Moses confesses to Joshua that he too is Hebrew; the confession is witnessed by the ambitious Hebrew overseer Dathan. Dathan uses the information to bargain with Rameses for Baka\'s house, a post as Governor of Goshen, and the ownership of the slave Liliah. Based on Dathan\'s information, Moses is arrested and brought before Seti. Moses tells Seti that he is not the Deliverer, but would free the slaves if he could. Bithiah tells her brother Seti the truth about Moses, and Seti orders his name stricken from all records and monuments. Moses is banished to the desert, but not before, he receives the word that Yoshebel had died before she delivered the piece of a Levite cloth, and Rameses is declared the next Pharaoh.  Moses makes his way across the desert, nearly dying of hunger and thirst before he comes to a well in the land of Midian. At the well, he defends seven sisters from Amalekites who try to push them away from the water. Moses finds a home in Midian with the girls\' father Jethro, a Bedouin sheik, who reveals that he is a follower of "He who has no name," whom Moses recognizes as the God of Abraham. Moses impresses Jethro and the other sheiks with his wise and just trading, and marries Jethro\'s eldest daughter . While herding sheep in the desert Moses finds Joshua, who has escaped from the copper mines that he was sent to after the death of Baka. Moses sees the Burning Bush on the summit of Mount Sinai and hears the voice of God . God charges Moses to return to Egypt and free His chosen people. In Egypt, Seti dies and Rameses succeeds him as Pharaoh. At Pharaoh\'s court, Moses comes before Rameses to win the slaves\' freedom, turning his staff into a snake to show Rameses the power of God. Rameses decrees that the Hebrews be given no straw to make their bricks, but to make the same tally as before on pain of death. As the Hebrews prepare to stone Moses in anger, Nefretiri\'s retinue rescues him; however when she attempts to resume their relationship he spurns her, reminding her that not only is he on a mission he is also married. As Moses continues to challenge Pharaoh\'s hold over his people, Egypt is beset by divine plagues. Moses warns him that the next plague to fall upon Egypt will be summoned by Pharaoh himself. Enraged at the plagues and Moses\' continuous demands, as well as his generals and advisers telling him to give in, Rameses orders all first-born Hebrews to die. Nefretiri warns Sephora to escape with her son  on a passing caravan to Midian, and Moses tells the Queen that it is her own son who will die. In an eerily quiet scene, the Angel of Death creeps into Egyptian streets in a glowing green cloud, killing all the firstborn of Egypt, including the adult son of Pharaoh\'s top general, and Pharaoh\'s own child. The Hebrews who have marked their doorposts and lintels with lamb\'s blood are eating a hasty meal and preparing to depart. Broken and despondent, Pharaoh orders Moses to take his people, and cattle, and go. The Hebrews begin their exodus from Egypt. Nefretiri goads Pharaoh into a rage so that he arms himself and pursues the former slaves to the shore of the Red Sea. Held back by a pillar of fire, the Egyptian forces watch as Moses parts the waters. As the Hebrews race over the seabed, the pillar of fire dies down and the army rides in hot pursuit. The Hebrews make it to the far shore as the waters close on the Egyptian army, drowning every man and horse. Rameses looks on in despair. All he can do is return to Nefretiri, confessing to her, "His god is God." The former slaves camp at the foot of Sinai and wait as Moses again ascends the mountain. During his absence, the Hebrews lose faith and, urged on by the evil Dathan, build a golden calf as an idol to bear before them back to Egypt, hoping to win Rameses\' forgiveness. They force Aaron to help fashion the gold plating. The people indulge their most wanton desires in an orgy of sinfulness.  High atop the mountain, Moses witnesses God\'s creation of the stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments. When he finally climbs down, Moses beholds his people\'s iniquity and hurls the tablets at the idol in a rage. The idol explodes, and Dathan and his followers are killed. After God forces them to endure forty years\' exile in the desert wandering lost, to kill off the rebellious generation, the Hebrews are about to arrive in the land of Canaan. An elderly Moses, who, however, is not allowed to enter the promised land, because he disobeyed the lord at the waters of strife, not shown in the film, then appoints Joshua to succeed him as leader, says a final good bye to Sephora, and goes forth to his destiny.'] ["Three Narnian years after the events of Prince Caspian, Lucy and Edmund Pevensie are staying with their irritating cousin Eustace Scrubb. A magical painting of a ship on the ocean transports Lucy, Edmund and Eustace into an ocean in Narnia. They are rescued by the Dawn Treader. Caspian invites them on a voyage to rescue the seven Lords of Narnia whom his uncle Miraz banished. In the Lone Islands, where people are sold as slaves, Caspian and Edmund are captured and imprisoned while Lucy and Eustace are sold as slaves. Caspian meets one of the lost lords, who reveals that the slaves are not sold, but sacrificed to a mysterious green mist. The crew of the Dawn Treader then rescue the four. The lord, who becomes the new governor, gives Caspian a sword originally given by Aslan. At another island, Lucy is abducted by invisible Dufflepuds who force her to enter the manor of the magician Coriakin to find a visibility spell. Coriakin encourages the crew to defeat the mist by laying the lords' seven swords at Aslan's Table, but warns them that they are all about to be tested. Lucy recites a beauty incantation she found, and enters a dream in which she has transformed into Susan, and neither Lucy nor Narnia exist. Aslan chides Lucy for her self-doubt, explaining that her siblings only know of Narnia because of her. Another sword is recovered from a magical pool that turns anything that touches it  into gold. Meanwhile, Eustace discovers and steals treasure from a dragon hoard. While Edmund and Caspian look for Eustace, they discover the remains of another of the lords and recover his sword. A dragon approaches and is driven away from the Dawn Treader. The dragon is Eustace, transformed by the enchanted treasure after succumbing to its temptations. Reepicheep befriends Eustace, and Eustace is touched by the mouse's kindness. He has a change of heart and becomes useful to the crew. The crew arrive at Aslan's Table to find three lost lords sleeping. As they place the swords on the table they realize one is still missing. A star descends from the sky and transforms into Lilliandil, a beautiful woman who guides them to the Dark Island, lair of the mist, where they discover the last surviving Lord. Edmund's fear manifests itself as a monstrous sea serpent that attacks the ship. Eustace fights the serpent but is wounded by the last sword and flies away. He encounters Aslan, who transforms him back into a boy and sends him to Ramandu's island with the last sword. The mist tries to distract Edmund by appearing as Jadis, the White Witch. Eustace overcomes the mist and puts the sword on the table, awakening the three sleeping lords and destroying the mist and Dark Island; Edmund slays the sea serpent and they liberate the sacrificed slaves. Eustace rejoins Lucy, Edmund, Caspian and Reepicheep, and they sail to a mysterious shore before a massive wave. Aslan appears and tells them that his country lies beyond, although if they go there they may never return. Caspian refuses, knowing that he has more duties to do as king, but Reepicheep is determined to enter, and Aslan blesses him before he paddles beyond the wave. Aslan opens a portal to send Lucy, Edmund and Eustace home, but informs Lucy and Edmund they have grown up and can never return to Narnia. Aslan encourages them to know him in their world by another name, and tells a reformed Eustace that he may return. The three enter the portal and are returned to the bedroom. Eustace hears his mother announcing a visitor, Jill Pole."] ["On Christmas Eve, Armand , a terrorist who has a hidden nuclear device in Washington D.C., forces the president of the United States government  to round up seven geniuses with IQs over 200. The group consists of a casino owner , a biochemist , a pro-baseball player , a seminary student , an economics professor, a painter , and a pizza delivery guy . The government is to place them in a bomb shelter and explain to the group that they are to solve the world's problems in one night; if they fail to gather a thousand point till the morning, the terrorist will detonate the hidden nuclear device planted in the basement of the 'genius lair'."] ["The structure of the musical is, in large part, retained: a series of parables from the gospel of Matthew, interspersed with musical numbers. Many of the scenes take advantage of well-known sites around New York City. John the Baptist gathers a diverse band of youthful disciples to follow and learn from the teachings of Jesus. These disciples then proceed to form a roving acting troupe that enacts Jesus's parables through the streets of New York. They often make references to vaudeville shtick. :)"] ['The movie opens with a recitation of Romans 8:18: I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us. It has been five years since Sarah\'s  soulmate Christopher  mysteriously disappeared, riding off in a limousine without explanation. The two had become engaged at the age of twelve, planning to marry when both were eighteen. Sarah has kept to that commitment, believing that Chris will return. She is a devotee of Joan of Arc and has begun to experience her own \'heavenly\' visions and voices. Recently, these visions have grown in intensity. Their content mostly consists of premonitions of trouble or disaster. Sarah\'s mother is a paranoid schizophrenic who berates Sarah constantly; she lives instead with her grandmother, an inveterate television-watcher who takes no interest in her. She prays alone in an abandoned chapel in a nearby forest, and confides in a Catholic priest, perhaps with an intent to convert to that faith, although this is never explicitly stated. She unwisely reveals her paranormal experiences to classmates, which in combination with her refusal to keep company with boys has made her something of a high school outcast. She does have at least one close girl friend, and is to play Titania in the school production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. High school reporter Dave , a relative newcomer to the school, is intrigued by Sarah and determined to understand her fascination with the "virgin maid" - Joan of Arc. As Sarah\'s trust in Dave grows, she leads him to her chapel where she reveals the nature of her spiritual encounters. on the pretext of writing a feature about her for the school paper, Dave questions her thoroughly and investigates her background, discussing details of her life with classmates. Meanwhile, rebellious Alec  desires Sarah for himself, viewing her virginity as a prize conquest. He is also a member of the trenchcoat mafia, a satanic figure who plants bombs around the school. His goals seem to be to have sex with Sarah and kill everyone else. Alec apparently becomes possessed by a demon and attempts to attack Sarah and murder Dave, but the pair are saved by a gigantic bull which appears out of nowhere and is possibly of heavenly origin. At the same time, Dave reveals his own secret; he is Chris. He has been lying to Sarah, leading her down the path for months, because he wanted ironclad proof that she had kept her commitment to him. Also, he wants her to love him as he is now, not as the image of the twelve-year-old she remembers. No explanation is given for his sudden disappearance, but it is hinted that he comes from an extremely wealthy family. The film ends with Dave/Chris and Sarah completing their vows and living as husband and wife.'] ['{{Cleanup}} Missie LaHaye bids a reluctant goodbye at the grave of her late husband Willie, who died two years previously in the line of duty as the sheriff of Tettsford Junction. Even after giving up her job as the town schoolteacher, Missie has found running the ranch on her own overwhelming, so she has resigned herself to letting her son Jeff and his new bride take control of it jointly with her brothers Aaron and Arnie. Missie and her ten-year-old son Mattie travel back to her hometown to live near the farm of her parents, Clark and Marty Davis. She goes back to teaching school. At her first Sunday service, Missie and Mattie learn from the attractive—and single— Pastor Joe that an “Orphan Train” with homeless children in need of good homes will soon arrive from the Children’s Aid Society of New York. Outside the church, Clark introduces Missie to sharp-tongued biddy Mrs. Pettis, who disdains the orphans as "ragamuffins." At the same time, Missie catches the eye of a passing horseman: bachelor Sheriff Zach Tyler, another target of Mrs. Pettis’ vitriol. Claiming that Zach is not a godly man, Mrs. Pettis passes her judgment on him, implying he has a shameful past on the wrong side of the law. On her way to work, Missie passes the church just as the orphan distribution is underway. Although she is firmly determined not to grant Mattie’s request for a new sibling, she goes in—just in time to witness 14-year-old Belinda behaving belligerently toward the Pettises as they choose eight-year-old Jacob—looking on him as a farm worker rather than a son. Realizing that the lone orphan Belinda will be sent back to the foundling home in New York, Missie volunteers to adopt her. Unbeknownst to all, Belinda is Jacob’s sister. She kept this secret to prevent potential parents from breaking up siblings because they see her as "too old" to adopt. With Jacob secured in a home nearby, Belinda can figure out a way for them to flee; she believes that their father had given them up for adoption with the full intention of reuniting with them in the near future. She is so sure of this that she resists family life within the loving embrace of Missie, the Davises, Zach, and the community; she sneaks out of Missie’s home nightly to reassure Jacob that soon they will leave together. She becomes more determined after learning that the Pettises beat and starve him. Missie tells her mother Marty that she feels as if a voice inside told her to adopt Belinda, but she still can’t explain why. Perhaps, says Marty, “God knew that Belinda needed you. And maybe, for some reason you don’t understand yet, you need her.” Joe attempts to court Missie, but she resists, explaining she could never love anyone the way she loved her late husband. Missie then struggles to convince herself that although she is not in love with the sheriff, at least he would make a good marriage partner. While Missie discusses Belinda’s disturbing nocturnal disappearances with Zach, who has warmed her heart with his kindness toward the young girl, he states he has no faith in God if a child can suffer like Belinda. Later, Missie tells her mother she couldn’t love a man who didn’t share her faith. Zach and Missie discover Jacob’s plight, but are anguished that they can’t rescue him unless he exposes the Pettises, which he won’t out of fear of reprisal. While Missie and Zach appreciate their mutual desire to help the boy, they clash over how to save him. An angry Belinda berates them for their inability to help Jacob, claiming her father will soon come to their aid. Exasperated by Belinda’s rejection, Missie visits Marty, who reminds her that Missie once had trouble accepting Marty as her stepmother. Sagely, she tells Missie that “loving a child has nothing to do with giving birth” and “being a family is a choice, not necessarily something that just happens because you’re related by blood." Belinda shows Missie a note written by her father. Belinda can’t read, but is sure the note explains how he’ll come back for her and Jacob. Missie then reads her the note, and Belinda learns that her father had actually left them at the orphanage for good. Later, Zach visits Missie at the school to explain his lack of faith: his fiancée was an innocent victim of murderous bank robbers. Missie then relates the story of her husband’s death, but adds that she still can’t be with a person who doesn’t share her faith. After Missie again fails to rescue Jacob, Belinda runs away with him into the stormy night. Everyone joins a desperate search for them. Amid the lightning-laden thunderstorm, Zach prays. He then hears a voice over the din and follows it to the abandoned mine where the children have sought shelter. Zach tells Missie it was God’s miracle that guided him in the wilderness, but as she later admits to her father, she doesn’t know how to “let go” of her late husband. Clark tells her love doesn’t die when a person passes away; it stays in a person\'s heart forever as she moves on to a new life with a new chance for happiness. Missie takes that chance by marrying Zach. They adopt Jacob as well and begin their lives as a family of five.'] ["Sharon, a young Los Angeles woman, engages in a swinging, libidinous lifestyle with Vic, her male partner. She comes into contact with a sect that advises her that a true Rapture is imminent. In time, she comes to accept this belief herself and becomes a born-again Christian. She begins a new, pious lifestyle, eventually marrying and having a daughter, Mary. When her husband Randy is killed in a senseless murder, however, she begins to question the benevolence of God. She believes she must wait with Mary in the desert for the coming of the Rapture. A police officer named Foster is concerned for their well-being, but Sharon is persistent that the end is near. She eventually loses patience. At her daughter's urging, Sharon decides to hasten their ascendance to heaven. She kills Mary with a gunshot. However, she is unable to take her own life afterwards, afraid she'll be condemned as a suicide. She confesses to what she had done to Foster and is arrested and placed in the local jail. Until this point, the film appears to be a story about a born-again cultist whose beliefs eventually lead to murder, but, in a twist ending, the Rapture does indeed arrive. While Sharon is sitting in her cell early the next morning, awaiting trial, a loud trumpet blows that is heard all over the world, signaling the start of the Rapture. Later on, Sharon and Foster, after driving out into the desert, are both raptured to a purgatory-like landscape. Foster, who had been an atheist his whole life, accepts God into his heart and is allowed entrance to Heaven, but Sharon still refuses to renounce her anger at God for His cruelty. From above, Mary begs her to accept God back into her heart so she can join her and Randy in Heaven, but Sharon declines, preferring to remain alone in the purgatory-like landscape for eternity."] ["Dustin , Albert  and Mark  are 12-year-old friends looking forward to Summer fun in 1970. Dustin likes a girl named Tanya , and so he wants to ask her on a date, but he is nervous because he has never asked anyone out before. Dustin's main obstacle is the town bully, Nick , who also likes Tanya. When Dustin mows the lawn of 75-year-old Jonathan Sperry , a man he has seen at church, the two become friends. Mr. Sperry begins a Bible study with Dustin and his friends, and encourages them to be kind to Nick. Sperry also pays Dustin to mow the lawn of a stubborn, elderly neighbor, Mr. Barnes , although Dustin is told not to let Mr. Barnes know the benefactor of this kindness. Throughout the summer, many other boys in the neighborhood get involved in the Bible study, including Nick, who is remorseful and turns from his bullying ways after a couple of encounters with Mr. Sperry. Meanwhile, Dustin finally gets the courage to tell Tanya how much he likes her, but instead of asking her to be his girlfriend, he suggests she start reading the Bible. Then one day, Dustin rides his bicycle by Mr. Sperry’s house and discovers a crowd has gathered there and Mr. Sperry had died. After the funeral, Mr. Barnes visits Dustin to thank him for mowing his lawn, and to tell him he figured out Mr. Sperry was his motivation. Mr. Barnes tearfully calls Mr. Sperry a great example of a Christian man. After this visit, Dustin’s mother reveals the secret background between Mr. Sperry and Mr. Barnes. Mr. Sperry’s wife had died four years earlier in an auto accident caused by an inebriated Mr. Barnes. Inspired by Mr. Sperry’s kindness after such heartbreak, Dustin decides to continue the Bible study with the neighborhood boys, repeating one of Mr. Sperry’s first lessons with Dustin and his two friends."] ["Unlike the play Joan of Lorraine, which is a drama that shows how the story of Joan affects a group of actors who are performing it, the film is a straightforward recounting of the life of the French heroine. It begins with an obviously painted shot of the inside of a basilica with a shaft of light, possibly descending from heaven, shining down from the ceiling, and a solemn off-screen voice pronouncing the canonization of the Maid of Orleans. Then, the opening page of what appears to be a church manuscript recounting Joan's life in Latin is shown on the screen, while some uncredited voiceover narration by actor Shepperd Strudwick sets up the tale. The actual story of Joan then begins, from the time she becomes convinced that she has been divinely called to save France to her being burnt at the stake at the hands of the English and the Burgundians."] ["As the Nazis invade Holland in 1940, Corrie and her family allow Jews to hide in a part of their home that is specially remodeled by members of the Dutch resistance. However, the Nazis eventually discover that Corrie and her family are hiding Jews, and on February 29, 1944, the family and their friends are arrested after their betrayal by a Dutch collaborator. The hidden Jews are never found. Corrie's father, Casper, dies before he reaches the concentration camp, and Corrie worries that she will never see her home again. The Nazis send Corrie and her sister, Betsie, to the Ravensbrück concentration camp in Germany for hiding Jews in their home. At the concentration camp, Betsie encourages Corrie to remain hopeful that God will rescue them from the brutalities they experience. With little food and constant work, the women suffer constantly, and Corrie's sister Betsie , dies. Ultimately, Corrie  leaves the camp through what is discovered years later to have been a clerical error, as everyone in her group of prisoners was marked for gassing the following month . Her life after this ordeal was dedicated to showing that the love of Jesus is greater than the deepest pit into which humankind finds itself."] ["The film is divided into three acts, each act containing the three character's monologues. Each character is played by Jason Hildebrand.<ref nameThe Prodigal Trilogy |publisherhttp://www.visionforum.com/booksandmedia/productdetail.aspx?productid159|accessdate Act I  Act II  Act III  Act III gives us the father's perspective on the whole situation. He speaks of how, deeply saddened by his younger son's actions, he did the only thing a parent could do in a situation like this — he prayed, and continued loving. When his son finally came home, he joyfully accepted him back into the family with his complete heart. The only thing that saddens him still is that his older son, though doing all the right things outwardly, is more lost than the younger son ever was, because of his heart-attitude."] ['In a small Texas town, a man, while driving home on a back highway at night, claims to have encountered a UFO. Two reporters from a national magazine are sent to investigate the incident because their editor wants to publish a story on the controversial subject of UFOs. Brad  thinks UFOs are a hoax, Keith  senses that something is out there. Each man tries to prove the other wrong.'] ['Bible professor Russell Carlisle  confronts and lectures a boy who has stolen marbles from his neighbors, calling his action unjust. The year is 1890 and Carlisle has written a new manuscript entitled The Changing Times, which promotes good morals without discussing Christ. The book is on track to receive a unanimous endorsement from the board of the Grace Bible Seminary. That is, until colleague Dr. Norris Anderson  objects. Without unanimous endorsement, his book might not do so well. Carlisle and another professor seek a unanimity rule change, but the dean insists that Carlisle discuss the disagreement with Anderson privately. Dr. Anderson fears that Carlisle\'s book could harm coming generations, arguing that teaching good moral values without mentioning Christ is wrong. Using a secret time machine, Anderson sends Carlisle over 100 years into the future, offering him a glimpse of where his beliefs will lead. Arriving in the early 21st century, Carlisle is shocked to find that half of all marriages end in divorce , teenagers talk openly about deceiving their parents, movies contain blasphemous language and people who go to church are so bored by the sermons that they need extra activities. He tries to convince a laundromat worker, Eddie Martinez , to go to church and read the Bible. Two churchgoing men grow suspicious of Carlisle, who acts as if he\'s seeing everything for the first time. They confront him as he is about to be transported back to the past. As the sky grows thunderous, Carlisle seems delirious as he talks about how the second coming of Christ is drawing near. Carlisle vanishes. The men look at where he vanished and one of the men says with dread, "I think we just missed the Rapture." Carlisle rematerializes in 1890 and excitedly tells Anderson he will revise his book. He gives the thieving boy his own set of marbles and explains that it is Jesus Christ who demands honesty. Anderson tries to learn when the world will come to an end, by trying to sending a Bible to the future. The machine won\'t operate with a target date of 2100, so he tries with progressively earlier decades 2090, 2080 and 2070, which fail. As the film ends, he makes at least two more failed attempts, aiming earlier and earlier, suggesting that either humanity cannot know when the End comes, or that the End will come before the mid-21st century.'] ['{{Plot}} As a child, Catherine is talking to her mother about marriage. She wants to marry her dad  and her mom says, "You can\'t marry daddy, I\'m married to him." The film then reveals what transpires 25 years later. Catherine is married to a young man, Caleb Holt , a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who lives by the motto "Never leave your partner behind". His relationship, however, with Catherine  is suffering and she wants a divorce. It seems as if they have different priorities in their lives, which has led to the breakdown of the marriage. Caleb and Catherine each fault the other for the disintegration of their relationship. Catherine characterizes Caleb as addicted to internet pornography and as selfish for saving money for a boat when she believes the money would be better spent on medical supplies for her ailing mother. Caleb says that he feels respected by everyone except his own wife. He also feels that Catherine does not value him.  When Caleb tells his father, John, about the impending divorce, John challenges Caleb to commit to a 40-day test that he calls the "Love Dare", and Caleb agrees. John is evasive about what the \'dares\' consist of and Caleb is apprehensive. Catherine doubts Caleb\'s sincerity in his attempts to win her back. She is suspicious of Caleb\'s motives because she considers his efforts to be a ruse in order to obtain a larger sum of money in a divorce settlement. She feels that Caleb\'s acts are half-hearted. For example, when he buys her flowers, he opts for the least expensive option. Catherine is not impressed with this. Caleb does, however, refrain from insulting Catherine to her face. Caleb is frustrated because Catherine is still cold towards him. With encouragement from John, Caleb continues to follow his father\'s plan. Caleb\'s close friend Michael  also has faith in Caleb. Michael encourages Caleb to become a born-again Christian. Michael illustrates marriage through salt and pepper shakers. He talks about how you always see salt and pepper together, even though they are completely different. He glues the shakers together with super glue. Caleb tries to pull them apart, but Michael warns that if he does, the contents will make a huge mess. At the hospital where she works, Catherine, begins flirting with Dr. Gavin Keller , who does not know that she is married, since she is no longer wearing her wedding ring. Catherine informs Dr. Keller of her mother\'s medical situation. At the same time, Caleb injures his arm when rescuing a girl from a house fire and is brought to Catherine\'s hospital, where a nurse inadvertently says in front of Dr. Keller that Caleb is Catherine\'s husband. As he continues his 40-day challenge, Caleb  begins doing more household chores and running more errands for Catherine, and leaves her roses. He even smashes his computer to pieces with a baseball bat in order to remove the temptation of viewing Internet pornography. Regardless, Catherine, who is led by some colleagues to think that Caleb did all these things with an ulterior motive in mind, is still intent on divorce. When she later finds out that the equipment needed for her mother\'s medical care has been paid for in full, she arranges a lunch date with Dr. Keller, thinking that he was the benefactor. Caleb discovers Dr. Keller\'s relationship with Catherine and immediately informs him that he will not let him have Catherine without a fight. Dr. Keller, who is shown bringing out his wedding ring that no longer fits , starts distancing himself from Catherine. Caleb later finds Catherine at home sick, and decides to take care of her. At this point she asks Caleb why he has changed his behavior, and he mentions the Love Dare. Caleb then fully apologizes to Catherine for his past selfishness. Catherine knows about the Love Dare because of the book, but says that she needs some time to think about their future. Days later, Catherine learns that of the $24,300 cost of her mother\'s medical equipment, Dr. Keller gave only $300 and Caleb gave $24,000, exhausting his boat savings. At this point she becomes convinced that Caleb\'s desire to change was sincere. Ashamed at her inability to think that Caleb\'s change in behavior was genuine, Catherine immediately looks for and finds her wedding ring as if it was the most precious and valuable possession she owned, dresses herself up nicely and puts on make-up, and rushes to her husband\'s fire station. There, she embraces her husband with all the respect and admiration he craved before. Caleb\'s parents are relieved to know that their son\'s marriage has been saved and Caleb expresses his thanks to his dad for the Love Dare. At that point, Caleb\'s dad explains that his mother was the one who did the Love Dare on him instead of the other way around. Immediately after hearing this, Caleb rushes home and apologizes to his mother for criticizing her all those years. The couple then renews their wedding vows in an outdoor ceremony, this time as a covenant with God. The last shot shows a wedding cake with salt and pepper shakers where the "bride and groom" statues would usually be. One has a white veil and one has a black jacket and top hat, symbolic of the marriage vows Michael stated earlier.'] ['Jean Valjean , a man arrested for stealing bread nineteen years previously, is released on parole. Since no one else is willing to allow a convict to stay the night, Valjean is kindly welcomed by Bishop Myriel to spend the night in his home. Valjean explains to Myriel that he is going to become a new man the following day. However, that night, Valjean steals Myriel\'s silverware and flees. Valjean is later arrested and brought back to Myriel, but Myriel tells the police that Valjean did not steal his silverware, but that he, in fact, actually gave it to him and also gives him his expensive candlesticks. Myriel then reminds Valjean of his promise that he was to become a new man that day. Nine years later, Valjean is now a wealthy industrialist and a mayor. He eventually befriends Fantine , a single mother-turned-prostitute, after he rescues her when she was nearly arrested by the police officer Javert , who previously served as a guard at the prison Valjean was held in. Javert starts to become suspicious that the Mayor and Valjean are the same person. Later, Valjean receives word that another man ([[John McGlynn  is mistaken as being him and is about to be rearrested. Valjean arrives at court where the man is being tried and reveals his identity that he is the real Valjean. Valjean then returns home and finds Fantine deathly ill. Before she dies, Valjean promises Fantine that he will raise her very young daughter, Cosette. Javert arrives at Valjean\'s home to arrest him, but Valjean escapes and flees the community. Valjean eventually finds and rescues Cosette at the Thénardiers, corrupt innkeepers who were supposed to care for her, but were actually abusing and enslaving her. Both Valjean and Cosette finally make it to Paris where they start a new life together. Ten years later, Cosette , now a teenager, falls in love with a revolutionist, Marius . Meanwhile Javert is now undercover as an insurrectionist trying to undermine the organization to which Marius belongs. In an attempt to finally arrest Valjean, Javert is captured by Marius and is brought to the barricades as a prisoner to be executed. Valjean journeys to the barricades himself when he learns how much Cosette and Marius love each other, intending to convince Marius to return to Cosette. When the soldiers shoot and kill Gavroche , a young boy allied with the revolutionists, Valjean uses his influence with Marius to have Javert turned over to him, so that he himself can execute him. Valjean takes Javert to a back alley, but instead of killing him, sets him free. Marius gets shot and Valjean takes him down a sewer. Javert catches them, but agrees to spare Marius. Valjean takes Marius back to his home, also saying goodbye to Cosette. When Valjean returns to Javert, Javert tells him that he is now unable to reconcile Valjean\'s criminal past with his current lawful existence and the goodness that Valjean has shown. Stating, "It\'s a pity the rules don\'t allow me to be merciful," Javert finally sets Valjean free, shackles himself, adding "I\'ve tried to live my life without breaking a single rule," and throws himself into the Seine. Valjean walks down the empty street, finally a free man, with a smile on his face.'] ["Small-town preacher's kid Angie King leaves the church and her Augusta, GA home to pursue a dream of singing stardom. Luckett plays Angie, the daughter of a stern but loving bishop, whose attraction to the hunky star  of a traveling gospel show takes her on the road…and into romance, heartbreak and the realization that happiness may lie in the home she left behind."] ["Father Jonathan Keene comes to a small fishing village a week before Christmas to shut down a dying parish. But when he encounters the lives of the people who populate this village, Keene undergoes a transformation of the heart, which culminates with a revelation of Keene's secret past at the town's legendary Mrs. Worthington's Christmas Party."] ['The film takes place in the United States in what is presumably the present day. A large, colossal meteorite is heading towards the Earth, and threatens to wipe out the human race in a manner similar to the extinction of the dinosaurs. Whilst the Earth begins a series of efforts to divert and later destroy the meteorite, two parents - Jason  and Ashley  - search for their missing child, who is in Los Angeles, whilst attempting to overcome various catastrophes somehow triggered by the arrival of the meteorite. As the film moves on, both Jason and Ashley soon realise that it is not advanced technology that is required to find their child or divert the meteorite, but faith in religion. The daughter is eventually reunited with her father, just at the time the meteorite is about to hit. They tell each other that they will see each other soon, and the film ends with the meteorite colliding with the earth, destroying all life.'] ['Katie, a teenage girl from Malibu, California, finds herself in the throes of growing up, facing her parents, her boyfriends, her sexuality and a privileged life. Half a world away in rural China, Lin, who shares a birthday with Katie, faces a much different reality. Because of facial deformity, she lives a life of fear and shame. Her father, Daniel, has devoted his life to her, with hopes and dreams that her circumstances will change one day. The opportunity comes with the discovery of the worldwide "Doctor\'s Gift" program. Katie signs up for a trip to China. Once there, she is deeply touched by the work, which prompts her to take off on her own to find Lin. A "smile" is brought to Lin\'s face, Katie finds her soul and their extraordinary connection becomes a life-changing experience for both girls. This movie is based on the work of the charity organization Operation Smile.'] ['Signs of the apocalypse are appearing, along with a mysterious wanderer. Father Lucci  is the Vatican official investigating them. He dismisses the occurrences as natural, but Abby Quinn  believes that they are real. In the film, Jürgen Prochnow portrays Jesus\' return to Earth in the year 1988 to judge humanity. In Jewish mysticism the Chamber of Guf  Hebrew for "body", also called the Otzar , is the Hall of Souls, located in the Seventh Heaven {{cn}}. Every human soul is held to emanate from the Guf. A possible  reading of the Talmud, Yevamot 62a, is that the Messiah will not come until the Guf is emptied of all its souls. The final judgment is averted by an act of faith that prevents the final sign of the apocalypse from occurring. In the film, through a flashback, Prochnow also portrays the original Jesus on the eve of his crucifixion. Father Lucci is revealed to be Cartaphilus, a Roman Centurion and Pilate\'s porter who struck Jesus before his death and was sentenced to wander the Earth until Christ returned to judge mankind. The Lucci-Cartaphilus character is a combination of the Longinus and the Wandering Jew legends. In the movie, Abby- who is soon to give birth- discovers that she is actually the reborn woman some identify as Seraphia, the woman who offered Christ water during the Crucifixion but was turned away by Cartaphilus. She learns that the prophecies lead up to the birth of her child, who may not survive because there will be no more souls left for the newborns unless someone offers their own. The last sign was the killing of an innocent soul, a mentally retarded man named Jimmy, framed for a murder and condenmed to be executed through electric chair, Abby, even that she begans to have her child, runs to the place where the execution will be made, but after a skirmish with Father Lucci, David and the guards of the place some shots are done, Abby tries to cover the man to avoid being killed and took a bullet but she is unable to save the man from dying. Father Lucci, who screamed in pain to shoot Abby, Jimmy and the guards, was arrested, and later killed in the end. Then the end of the world begins and she began birth labour. In an ambulance she releases a baby that is death, giving the seventh sign to be completed, but when she remembered again the flashback "Would you give your life for him?" she decides to offer her soul for the baby and dies in the process while the baby revives, stopping the end of the world. At the end, David and a Jewish boy called Avi reflects over the situation and David asks Avi to document everything he saw.'] ['In flashback, a young boy in his room overhears his father and pregnant mother fighting; his father shouts that he\'s leaving the family, and "hates that kid." 25 years later, at a bar, a man flirts with a girl, who abruptly says, "Drop dead." In a diner booth, three factory workers banter with the cook and waitress. Outside, a man offers cards to passersby, preaching, "God loves you." In the booth, Larry reluctantly describes an incident earlier at the factory: he was pursuing an office girl who, when she saw him coming, went the other way. Co-workers tried to persuade him to leave her alone. One, Riley, tried to tell him of the girl\'s religion, but Larry called him a "fake", and himself a "heathen." The boss summons Larry to his office to tell him of the complaint the girl filed, and orders him to leave her alone; Larry ends up calling him a fake as well. In the diner, the friends marvel at Larry\'s boldness. Outside, the preacher meets a man who acknowledges everything he says. The man enters the diner to sit at the counter. Larry pesters him for a conversation and, finding out that he is a Christian, taunts the man by calling him "Jesus" and questioning why other Christians are fakes. After Larry verbally accosts him several times, and messes with his food, the man tells him, "God loves you." Larry denies this increasingly aggressively, finally yelling in the man\'s face about his broken home, his lack of a wife or girlfriend, and his long history of prison time, grabs the passive man by the collar and demands to know how God loves him. The cook breaks it up, and the man leaves. Larry gets up to follow the man, and tries to pay the bill, but the cook reveals that "Jesus" paid it.'] ['Mac Sledge , a washed up, alcoholic country singer, awakens at a run-down Texas roadside motel and gas station after a night of heavy drinking. He meets the owner, a young widow named Rosa Lee , and offers to work in exchange for a room. Rosa Lee, whose husband was killed in the Vietnam War, is raising her young son, Sonny ([[Allan Hubbard , on her own. She agrees to let Mac stay under the condition that he does not drink while working. The two begin to develop feelings for one another, mostly during quiet evenings sitting alone and sharing bits of their life stories. Mac resolves to give up alcohol and start his life anew. After some time passes, he and Rosa Lee wed. They start attending a Baptist church on a regular basis. One day, a newspaper reporter visits the hotel and asks Mac whether he has stopped recording music and chosen an anonymous life. When Mac refuses to answer, the reporter explains he is writing a story about Mac and has interviewed his ex-wife, Dixie Scott , a country music star who is performing nearby. After the story is printed, the neighborhood learns of Mac\'s past, and members of a local country–western band visit him to show their respect. Although he greets them politely, Mac remains reluctant to open up about his past. Later, he secretly attends Dixie\'s concert. She passionately sings several songs that Mac wrote years earlier, and he leaves in the middle of the performance. Backstage, he talks to Dixie\'s manager, his old friend Harry . Mac gives him a copy of a new song he has written and asks him to show it to Dixie. Mac tries to talk to Dixie, but she becomes angry upon seeing him and warns him to stay away from their 18-year-old daughter, Sue Anne . Mac returns home to a jealous Rosa Lee and assures her he no longer has feelings for Dixie, who he describes as "poison" to him. Later, Harry visits Mac to tell him, seemingly at Dixie\'s urging, that the country music business has changed and his new song is no good. Hurt and angry, Mac drives away and nearly crashes the car. He buys a bottle of whiskey but, upon returning home to a worried Rosa Lee and Sonny, he tells them he poured it out. He admits he tried several times to leave Rosa Lee, but found he could not. Some time later, Mac and Sonny are baptized together in Rosa Lee\'s church. Eventually, Sue Anne visits Mac, their first encounter since she was a baby. Mac asks whether she got any of his letters, and she says her mother kept them from her. Sue Anne also reports that Dixie tried to keep her from visiting Mac and that she plans to elope with her boyfriend despite her mother\'s objections. Mac admits he used to hit Dixie and that she divorced him after he tried to kill her in a drunken rage. Sue Anne asks whether Mac remembers a song about a dove he sang to her when she was a baby. He claims he does not, but after she leaves he sings to himself the hymn "On the Wings of a Dove." {{Quote box}}}} Boys at school bully Sonny about his dead father, and he and Mac grow closer. The members of the local country band ask Mac permission to perform one of his songs, and he agrees. Mac begins performing with them and they make plans to record together. His newfound happiness is interrupted when he learns Sue Anne has been killed in a car accident. Mac attends his daughter\'s funeral at Dixie\'s lavish home in Nashville and comforts her when she breaks down. Back home, Mac keeps quiet about his emotional pain, although he wonders aloud to Rosa Lee why his once sorry existence has been given meaning and, on the other hand, his daughter died. Throughout his mourning, Mac continues his new life with Rosa Lee and Sonny. In the final scene, Sonny finds a football Mac has left him as a gift. Mac watches the hotel from a field across the road and sings "On the Wings of a Dove" to himself. Sonny thanks him for the football and the two play catch together in the field.'] ['The plot follows the events surrounding Vladimir from childhood and into adulthood. In the beginning of the film, being under the influence of the high priest Krivzha, the Prince is a young, impulsive and cruel pagan. Fighting for supreme power, Vladimir wins a battle that kills his brother. Regretting what he has done, Vladimir does not suspect a conspiracy between the priest and the Pechenegs. Vladimir is concerned about gathering the Slavic tribes into one united state. Solving this major task, he faces obstacles, which Vladimir overcomes in the end, defeating Krivzha and winning the battle against Kurya, a Pecheneg chief.'] ['Ethan Jenkins  is a pastor who enjoys working with his well-to-do congregation. At the request of his father, Ethan takes an assignment at Second Chance Church, where he meets Jake Sanders . Jake is a pastor who lives in a completely different world from that of Ethan, and spends much of his time dealing with poverty, drugs, and crime. The two different lifestyles of these pastors cause an inevitable conflict as these two men try to bridge the divide.'] [' The film takes place mostly in a surrealistic fantasy around the time of the execution of Joan of Arc. Joan of Arc, played by Ingrid Bergman, is being burned alive for heresy. In a kind of dream state, she departs from her body and begins to look back upon her life. She begins this journey in a depressed and demoralized state. However, a priest appears to help guide her. First, he shows her those that accused her in the guise of animal characters, in order to show her their true nature. Then, he shows her the good that she has performed for people. In the end, she is proud of what she has done and is ready to face the flames.'] ['Joseph, a Canaanite Hebrew, is an Egyptian slave to Potiphar, chief of Pharoah\'s palace guard. When Joseph is placed under the charge of Ednan, Potiphar\'s overseer, Ednan torments Joseph for his refusal to show deference for the Egyptian god Amun. But Joseph eventually earns Ednan\'s respect when he reveals that he knows how to read, and Ednan starts relying more and more on Joseph. Joseph is eventually put in charge of Potiphar\'s home, but his wife begins to desire Joseph and repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, tries to seduce him. She ultimately becomes so angry at Joseph that she falsely accuses him of raping her and demands his execution. But Potiphar, knowing Joseph\'s trustworthiness--and his wife\'s infidelity--has his doubts. Potiphar speaks to Joseph alone and demands that Joseph give him some reason to trust him. Joseph gives Potiphar his life\'s story from his youth: Joseph is a son of Jacob  and the first of two sons to his mother Rachel, who later died giving birth to his younger full-brother Benjamin. Joseph also had a half-sister, Dinah, ten half-brothers. Six of these half-brothers came through his step-mother, , Leah, Rachel\'s older sister. Jacob and his extended family make a pilgrimage to a fertile plane near the Hivite town of Shechem, where they are visited by the city\'s king, Hamor, along with his counsel and his son. While Jacob and Hamor make arrangements to pay taxes for the land, Hamor\'s son, also named Shechem, notices Dinah and takes a liking to her. As they leave, Hamor invites Jacob and his family to come to a wedding celebration, and asks that Dinah accompany them. After Hamor leaves, Simeon, one of Joseph\'s half-brothers, disliking the way Shechem looked at Dinah, suggests they resist Hamor by force, but Jacob rebukes Simeon\'s irascibility. The night of the wedding celebration, Shechem catches Dinah and rapes her. The next day Hamor and Shechem come to talk to Jacob about making amends by having Shechem marry Dinah. Jacob replies that Dinah can only marry a man who is of her faith. After consideration Hamor agrees that all the Shechemite men will convert to Jacob\'s faith--and enter into the covenant via circumcision. While Jacob is satisfied, Simeon seeks revenge against Shechem. While the Shechemites are recovering from their circumcisions, the brothers and other members of the tribe attack the fortified village, setting many of their buildings ablaze and kiling many Shechemites including Shechem. Jacob is furious with his sons\' ruthless actions and announces that now that they have become a stench to the people of the land, they must leave the area. During this ordeal of moving again, at Beth-El, Rachel gives birth to Benjamin, but dies soon afterward in exhaustion from the journey and the childbirth. Nine years later, Reuben, Joseph\'s oldest half-brother, desires Bilhah, one of Jacob\'s women. Zilpah, one of Leah\'s handmaids, sees the couple together and tells Jacob, who angrily declares to Reuben that authority over the tribe will fall to Joseph instead. This adds even more fuel to Reuben\'s  jealous anger toward Joseph. For reasons such as these, Joseph has seen the destruction infidelity can bring, and would never do such a thing, he tells Potiphar. Nevertheless, the story continues that while the brothers are out at work in the fields, they decide to kill and eat one of their own lambs, an act expressly forbidden by Jacob. The brothers only taunt Joseph mercilessly after he reminds them of Jacob\'s rule. They later try to tell Jacob that the lamb was killed by a wild animal; Jacob, a lifelong shepherd, is not fooled and he berates his sons for disobeying him. The brothers blame Joseph for Jacob\'s anger and make reference to betrayal and spying in regard to Joseph. Jacob is so pleased with Joseph that he gives him a beautiful coat, which increases the jealousy among the brothers. Further exacerbating their hatred of Joseph is his frequent interpretations of his dreams that one day his brothers and his father will fall prostrate before him. Spurred on by Simeon, the brothers discuss killing Joseph, but Reuben says he will not have the blood of his brother on his hands. Instead, the brothers throw Joseph into a dry well pit. They then sell Joseph into slavery to a group of Ishmalite traders. Back at the encampment, the sons then show Jacob the coat  and tell him that Joseph has been killed by a wild animal. Jacob is overcome with grief. After listening to Joseph\'s life story, Potiphar asks him to tell him exactly what happened with his wife. Joseph tells Potiphar of his wife\'s attempts at seduction and his refusal to accede to her demands. Potiphar then calls in the household. He announces that Joseph will go to Pharaoh\'s prison; Potiphar\'s wife complains that he has humiliated her, but he merely responds that one humiliation deserves another. Seven years later Joseph, now in charge of many of the prisoners, has earned a reputation as a talented interpreter of dreams. He makes two interpretations of the dreams of the Royal cupbearer and the Royal baker, both imprisoned on suspicion of theft. He says the cupbearer\'s dream means that he will soon be forgiven and returned to his post, whereas the baker\'s dream means that Pharaoh will have him executed. Both of these interpretations later happen just as Joseph said they would. In Canaan, Judah, another of Joseph\'s half-brothers, had left Jacob\'s encampment because of Jacob\'s unabated grief over Joseph. During his self-imposed exile Judah has sex with a prostitute . Not having enough money, Judah gives the woman his staff and seal as assurance that he will pay her the following day, but when Judah returns the woman, the staff and his seal are all gone. When Judah later returns to Jacob\'s camp he seeks advice on how to deal with his daughter-in-law, Tamar; Tamar married Judah\'s firstborn son who died before they could have children; his second son suffered the same fate, and Judah is afraid to let her marry his third son for fear that he too will die. But Tamar, twice widowed and not remarried, is now pregnant and refuses to reveal the father\'s identity. Jacob reminds Judah of the Canaanite custom which decrees Tamar must be put to death, so when Judah goes to see Tamar she returns Judah\'s staff and seal; Judah shockingly realizes that Tamar was masquerading as the prostitute Judah had sex with, making Judah himself the father of her child. With this revelation, Judah spares Tamar\'s life. Back in Egypt, Pharaoh himself has two disturbing dreams: His first dream involved seven fat cows being swallowed by seven sickly cows, the second dream is a similar one involving seven full ears of corn consumed by seven withered ears. After unsuccessfully asking his vizier and his staff what the dreams mean, the cupbearer and Potiphar communicate to Pharaoh that Joseph can interpret his dreams, so Pharoah summons Joseph from prison. Joseph\'s interpretation is that the seven fat cows and the seven full ears of corn mean that there will be seven years of great plenty; the seven sickly cows and the seven thin ears of corn signify that after the seven year abundance will follow seven years of extreme drought, which could take many lives. At first Pharoah, calling Joseph\'s interpretations "madness", has him thrown back in prison, but that night Pharoah is again plagued by the same dreams. Realizing the dreams are too important to ignore, Pharoah again summons Joseph from prison and asks his advice about what can be done to avoid the deaths. Joseph suggests that Pharoah appoint a steward to have all the farmers give one-fifth of their crop to Pharaoh for storage for the coming famine. After some consideration, Pharaoh decides that no one, including his own advisors, has the ability to carry out Joseph\'s plan except for Joseph himself, so Pharoah appoints Joseph governor over all of Egypt, second only to Pharoah himself. He then gives Joseph a new name: Zaphenath-Paneah , and also gives Joseph a wife, Asenath, confidant to Pharaoh\'s wife and daughter of the high priest of On. Potiphar, who now serves Joseph, gives Ednan into Joseph\'s charge as his assistant. The seven years of plenty have ended. Joseph and Asenath now have two children, Manasseh and Ephraim. With the onslaught of famine, times are difficult at best, especially in Canaan. Someone in Jacob\'s camp tells of the abundance of grain in Egypt, so Jacob sends all of his sons  to Egypt. On their arrival, Joseph recognizes his brothers  and, because he notices they haven\'t changed in the years since they sold him into slavery, accuses them of spying and has them thrown into prison. Three days later Joseph gives them a chance to prove their innocence, by bringing Benjamin with them when they come back to Egypt. To ensure their return, Joseph sends Simeon back to prison. Initially, Jacob is firmly against the idea- Benjamin is Jacob\'s last link to the late Rachel, whom Jacob loved more than Leah. But when their food runs out, Jacob is forced to admit there\'s no other choice, so he reluctantly allows Benjamin to go to Egypt with his half-brothers. On their way back home the second time, Joseph\'s palace guards arrest Benjamin for theft  and they all return to Egypt. Joseph, still not recognized by his brothers, declares that Benjamin will stay in Egypt but the rest can leave. Simeon and most of the others overpower the guards by grabbing their spears, swearing that they would rather die than leave Benjamin behind . Joseph confronts them about their actions; that they are now willing to put their lives on the line for another brother, but not for the first one . Joseph then tearfully reveals his true identity to all of them. Benjamin immediately embraces Joseph, but the others, overwhelmed by shock and shame, drop their spears. Joseph tells his brothers to go home and bring Jacob and the entire settlement back to Egypt where Joseph can guarantee that they will be well provided for during the time of the drought. Jacob and his tribe arrive in Egypt where he is emotionally reunited with Joseph and meets his children for the first time.'] ['Francesco, the spoiled son of Pietro Bernardone, a wealthy textile merchant, returns home from fighting in the war between Assisi and Perugia. Struck by a feverish illness that has forced him to leave the war, Francesco lies on his bed tormented by visions of his past when he was a boisterous, arrogant youth. During a long recovery process, he slowly finds God in the midst of all, in poverty, chastity and obedience, experiencing a recovery not only of his body but of his soul. Healthy again, Francesco returns to his normal life as a rich young man. However, to the consternation of his parents, he begins to spend lots of time surrounded by nature, flowers, trees, animals and poetry as he becomes more and more reluctant to resume his prior life style. Pietro\'s obsession with gold now fills Francesco with revulsion, creating an open confrontation between Francesco and Pietro. Francesco rebuffs offers to take over the family business and throws the textiles out of the window. Pietro, frustrated, beats Francesco and humiliates him in front of the city\'s Bishop and population. Francesco renounces all his worldly possessions and his "noble" family name Bernardone and leaves Assisi naked and free from his past to live an ascetic and simple life as a man of God and nature. Francesco goes toward the ruins of the chapel of San Damiano, where he hears God\'s voice asking him to restore it. Much to the dismay of his family, friends and the local bishop, Francesco gradually gains a following amongst the poor and the suffering. His friend Bernardo happily joins him after returning from a Crusade that left him in sorrow and emptiness. Two other friends, Silvestro and Giocondo, admiring Francesco\'s new life style as a beggar, help to rebuild the chapel of San Damiano. Clare, a beautiful young woman also from a wealthy family, serves and cares for lepers of the community. She joins the brothers in their life of poverty. Meanwhile in Assisi, the high classes of nobility, including the Bishop, protest against Francesco and his group, worried about them "corrupting" the whole of Assisi\'s youth and they command Francesco\'s friend Paolo to hinder and stop the so-called "minor brothers". One day the chapel is set on fire by the establishment, and one of the parishioners is dead. Because of conflicts between the high corrupted levels of the Church and Francesco\'s group, Francesco decides to walk to the Vatican in Rome to ask Pope Innocent III for advice. Once in Rome, Francesco becomes stunned by the enormous wealth, power, lust and emptiness that surrounds the throne of St. Peter. When brought to face the Pope, Francesco breaks from reciting Paolo\'s carefully prepared script and calmly protests against such pomp and worldliness, reciting the scriptures  to prove that Christ\'s words are totally opposite to Rome\'s wealth. Due to his protest, Francesco and his friends are jailed, and, finally accepting his admiration toward Francesco, Paolo decides to join them, revealing to Francesco how ashamed he is to be dressed in fine and luxurious clothes in front of a humble and kind man dressed as a beggar. Apparently convinced by the sincerity of Paolo\'s conversion, the Pope orders Francesco and his friends to be brought back. To everyone\'s astonishment, the Pope kisses Francesco\'s feet and blesses him and his companions, wishing for them a long world-wide society of men and women willing to serve God in just that way. Some of the final lines from Rome  place the sincerity of the Pope\'s display in question, if the words speak for the Pope: "Don\'t be alarmed, his holiness knows what he is doing. This is the man who will speak to the poor, and bring them back to us." The film finishes with the sight of Francesco slowly walking alone into the distance in the countryside.'] ['The setting is a small town named Cupang, a community set in an arid landscape. The townsfolk believed that the drought they were having was a curse placed on the upon the town for driving away a leper years before. During a solar eclipse, Elsa , a local young woman, allegedly saw an apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary atop a barren hill, the same place where her adoptive mother Aling Salíng  found her as a baby. Right after, she started faith healing local residents assisted by her friends, Chayong  and Sepa , who eventually became part of her "Seven Apostles",Lee, Ricardo. "Si Tatang at mga HImala ng Ating Panahon - Himala", p. 54-93. Bagong Likha Publications, Inc. .'] ['The film begins with Sarah Cain , a successful columnist at the fictional Portland Times in Portland, Oregon. Her daily column has been rejected by her boss Bill  who claims that she once wrote about her life and is now writing cheesy columns. She is furious and heads to a restaurant where she meets with her boyfriend Bryan . Sarah\'s phone rings: It is Lyddie, Sarah\'s niece. Sarah\'s older sister, Ivy, has just died of heart failure. Sarah hurries to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for the funeral. Her sister was a member of an Amish community, and Sarah had never forgiven Ivy for leaving her alone in an orphanage. As the sole surviving relative, the court appoints Sarah as the legal guardian for the five children. 16-year-old Lyddie  and other members of the Amish community protest because they do not want an outsider to raise the children. Lyddie and another Amish member, Miriam , convince Sarah to stay the night. While there, knowing that her deadline is coming up for her column, Sarah writes about her day\'s events and sends them to Bill as a last resort. The next day at the hearing, Sarah receives a surprising e-mail about her piece: The readers loved it and want more. Sarah takes the children back to Portland. Lyddie stays at home and does the daily chores. Despite being labeled as a freak at school Caleb  makes it on the wrestling team; after a bad first day Anna Mae  gains attention after borrowing Sarah\'s clothing to fit in. Josiah  hates it there. Only Hannah  is accepted on her first day in kindergarten class. Bill likes the attention that the articles about the Amish children have produced, but Sarah rejects further offers of having the column being about them. Meanwhile, Madison , Sarah\'s rival at the same paper, gets wind of where the children attend school and a news team shows up during one of Caleb\'s wrestling matches. Later that night Sarah admits to the kids that the situation has spun out of control. As Sarah is leaving the community, the children rush to catch up with her. Sarah stops and Lyddie hands her a letter that Ivy had written which contains her last wishes. It is only then that the truth is revealed: Ivy wanted Sarah to have the kids as an apology for breaking her heart, saying that they would be "blessings to [her] as they were to me". Sarah immediately changes her mind and finally decides to stay at the community with her nieces and nephews. The ending shows Sarah writing a book titled My Redemption. Bryan comes over to visit before a business meeting and brings her a piece of her favorite cheesecake as the scene fades.'] ["When financial woes threaten their church's future, a group of teens, led by one talented performer, enters a song and dance competition in hopes of winning a heavenly cash prize.<ref nameSunday School Musical - Netflix |url2361637#height1499 |publisher April 2011 }}"] ['{{plot}} The movie begins in Jerusalem, where a rabbi named Rostenburg is typing a code from the Bible onto his laptop computer. He is shot and killed by an assassin wearing a rabbi\'s outfit, who then takes the computer disk containing the code. Following this, two mysterious men take a page out of Rostenburg\'s sweater and keep it. The scene shifts to the back stage of a talk show, hosted by Cassandra Barashe , where Dr. Gillian Lane , an author and speaker, is getting ready to go onto the stage. On the show he explains that Old Testament is a passage to our past, present, and future. After the show, he returns home and visits his ex-wife and daughter on the latter\'s birthday. Stone Alexander ([[Michael York  is then shown speaking at a peace ceremony in Rome on how he has fed the hungry in Africa with water and food wafers. Dr. Lane attends as well and the two "enjoy some fine champagne and to support a worthy cause." It is revealed to the audience that the man who killed the rabbi in the beginning is Stone\'s apprentice, Dominic . Dr. Lane meets with Cassandra, and the two form an alliance. Lane and Stone maks a worldwide tour of goodwill such as one related to the establishment of the Palestinian state. Stone also makes a seven-year peace treaty with the Palestinians and the Israelis before moving on to other regions of the globe. In the meantime, Lane\'s family is shown not being able to see him because of his busy schedule. After three-and-a-half years, Lane discovers that Stone had been using the computer code that was shown in the beginning of the movie. This code is based on what is called the 3-D study of the Bible, where prophetic messages are revealed. Stone and his bodyguard find Lane, and Stone asks him to be his prophet. Dominic in an anger at being left pulls out his gun and tried to kill Lane, but instead shoots Stone. Dominic lies stating that Lane shot Stone, which leads to a worldwide manhunt. People around the world hold funerals for Stone. Lane, meanwhile, is about to take off in an airplane when he remembers what Rostenburg said about the Torah containing the genetic code of the universe. Satan enters Stone\'s body so he can continue the plans. Later in the movie, Stone obtains the final code via tempting Cassandra. Stone proclaims himself king and God at a coronation. This angers the two prophets, who denounce Stone. When he demands that they "show us all a sign" one responds "It is a wicked and perverse generation who asks for a sign. But like Christ, your only sign will be this: destroy these temples of His holy prophets and the Lord will rebuild them in three days!" To that, Stone says "It will be my pleasure!" They are then killed by Dominic while Stone says to keep them on display to show what will happen if anyone who defies him, invoking a general protest from both Muslims and Jews. Alexander manages to leave via helicopter, vowing to make an example of Jerusalem. Meanwhile, the last code is shown to be a fake . Stone then leads armies against Jerusalem as it is the first to withdraw from the global alliance. The two prophets are resurrected. Lane appears with the code. Stone lies that he\'ll call off the attack if Lane will enter the final code. Lane does so. Stone is about to commence the destruction of Jerusalem, "On my mark, three, two, and—" when a bright light appears from heaven, sending Satan back to where he came from, leaving Stone dead again. The film closes as we see what the final code said from the start of the movie: Dawn of New Millennium.'] ["  Facing the Giants is the story of Grant Taylor, a high school football coach with a mediocre record. After several poor seasons, the Shiloh Eagles are considering replacing him as head coach. This is not the only problem Taylor is facing; his car is breaking down, the players' fathers are trying to get him fired, and he discovers that he is the reason that his wife Brooke cannot become pregnant. He creates a new coaching philosophy and decides to praise God, no matter what the result. At the same time he guides and urges each one of his players to give the maximum effort, and motivates them to believe they can win under God's guidance. From that point on, he loses only one game but eventually goes on to win the state championship. His prayers for children are also answered when he and his wife have two children of their own."] ['Set in 1964 at a Catholic church in the Bronx, New York, the film opens with the progressive-minded Father Flynn  giving a sermon on the nature of doubt, noting that, like faith, it can be a unifying force. The next evening, Sister Aloysius , the strict and conservative principal of the attached school, discusses the sermon with her fellow nuns, the Sisters of Charity of New York. She asks if anyone has observed unusual behavior that would inspire Father Flynn to preach about doubt, and instructs them to keep their eyes open should any such behavior occur in the future. Sister James ([[Amy Adams , a young and naïve teacher, observes the closeness between Father Flynn and Donald Miller, the school\'s only black student and an altar boy. One day during class, Sister James receives a call asking for Donald Miller to meet Father Flynn in the rectory. When he returns, Donald is distraught and Sister James notices the smell of alcohol on his breath. Later, while her students are learning a dance in the gymnasium, she sees Father Flynn placing a white shirt in Donald\'s locker. Sister James reports her observations to Sister Aloysius. Under the pretext of discussing the school\'s upcoming Christmas pageant, Sisters Aloysius and  James voice their suspicions that Father Flynn\'s relationship with Donald may be inappropriate. Several times Father Flynn asks them to leave the matter alone as a private issue between the boy and himself, but Sister Aloysius persists. Finally, he is pressured into admitting that Donald had been caught drinking altar wine, and he had promised Donald not to tell anyone about the incident. Having now been forced to break that promise and reveal the truth, he will need to dismiss Donald as an altar boy, which he had been trying to avoid. Before leaving, Father Flynn tells Sister Aloysius he is displeased with her handling of the situation. His next sermon regards gossip and how it is easily spread. Initially, Sister James is relieved and convinced of Father Flynn\'s innocence, but Sister Aloysius\'s belief that he has behaved inappropriately with Donald is unshakable. Sister James later asks Father Flynn about the shirt she saw him leaving in Donald\'s locker, having not revealed this detail to Sister Aloysius. They discuss his relationship with the boy. Father Flynn offers a reasonable explanation for the situation and Sister James\'s doubts are assuaged. Sister Aloysius meets with Donald Miller\'s mother regarding her suspicions. Mrs. Miller  shocks Sister Aloysius with her disinterest in the alleged misconduct on Father Flynn\'s part. As far as she is concerned Donald need only last to the end of the school year, as graduation from a prestigious church school would increase his chances of going to a decent high school. It is hinted that Donald is homosexual and revealed that his father is abusive, with the implication that one causes the other. Mrs. Miller begs that Sister Aloysius drop the matter, feeling that Father Flynn is a source of inspiration to Donald and a shield from the abuse he receives at home. She becomes angry when Sister Aloysius refuses to compromise and threatens to throw Donald out of the school. Mrs. Miller believes that Donald would be punished for a thing he was not the cause of. Despite having no evidence and no support from anyone, Sister Aloysius again confronts Father Flynn and demands that he tell her the truth; otherwise, she will go to the Bishop. Father Flynn is adamant that there is no illicit relationship, but Sister Aloysius has learned that he has a history of problems, having moved between three different parishes in the last five years. She tells him that she has contacted a nun from one of his prior churches , who corroborated her suspicions. Father Flynn is furious that she has contacted a nun rather than the church\'s pastor, which is proper church protocol. Sister Aloysius tells him he doesn\'t deserve to wear the collar, and asks for his resignation. Unable to stand up to her determination to ruin his reputation, he succumbs to her demands. Following his final sermon, Father Flynn steps down from the pulpit and shakes hands with the members of the congregation. Some time later, Sisters Aloysius and James are sitting together in the church garden. Sister Aloysius tells Sister James that although Father Flynn resigned, the bishop has appointed him to pastor at a larger church and its parochial school, in essence promoting him to a more prestigious position. She then admits she lied about speaking to a nun at Father Flynn\'s former church, and thus drove him out with no more than her suspicions; her justification is that if Father Flynn truly were innocent, he would not have given in. Repeating a line from earlier in the film, Sister Aloysius says that "in the pursuit of wrongdoing, one steps away from God." Sister Aloysius concludes that one also pays a price in pursuing wrongdoing. She breaks down in tears and says to Sister James: "I have doubts...I have such doubts." And with no actual proof that Father Flynn is or is not innocent, the audience is left with its own doubt.'] ['{{cquote2}} The Heart of Texas is the story of Grover Norwood and Ulice Parker. When tragedy pierces the heart of a small community on the quiet Texas plains, its townspeople witness what can happen when grace and forgiveness triumph over angiush and outrage. Against the traffic of our crowded lives, a story of such forgiveness can seem more of a work of fiction...yet every moment of this story is true.http://www.heartoftexasthemovie.com/index.html'] ['Set in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, Buchan leaves his farm in Zambia in the midst of political unrest and racially charged land reclaims and travels south with his family to start a better life. With nothing more than a caravan on a patch of land, and help from his foreman, Simeon Bhengu, the Buchan family struggles to settle in a new country. Faced with ever mounting challenges, hardships and personal turmoil, Buchan quickly spirals down into a life consumed by anger, fear and destruction. Finally, his wife convinces him to attend a local church, where the testimonies of other farmers influence his decision to give his life to Jesus Christ. His outlook takes a complete turnaround, and supernatural occurrences begin to happen when Angus prays in faith. He begins giving his testimony in different towns, and eventually gathers thousands of people in Kings Park Stadium for a time of unified prayer for the nation and for the land. Traditionally a maize and cattle farmer, Buchan decides to plant potatoes. Scientists had warned the farmers not to plant that season unless they had irrigation. Because of the unprecedented drought, planting potatoes would be a massive risk. Believing he is led by the Lord, he plants potatoes in the dry dust. When harvest time comes, there is a crop of giant potatoes.'] ['It is 1917, and Portugal is feeling the aftereffects of a storm of Masonic antireligious sentiment and the violent overthrow of the government by socialist forces in its 5 October 1910 revolution. Churches in Lisbon are boarded up. Many priests, monks and friars are shown being fingerprinted, photographed and registered as  criminals before being jailed. The rural town of Fatima is small enough to have escaped much of this persecution; their church remains open, and most of the people are reasonably devout. Watching their flocks and playing in a field outside town on May 15 , Lucia dos Santos  and her cousins Jacinta Marto  and Francisco Marto  decide to pray their version of the Rosary by yelling out, "Hail Mary!" but not finishing the prayer. In the midst of this activity they hear a clap of thunder and see a flash of lightning. Thinking it is about to rain, the children gather their sheep and head for home. Another flash of lightning causes them to run straight into an unusual "cloud of light" surrounding a little tree on which a lady stands. Speaking slowly and gently, the lady asks them to return on the 13th of each month and to offer their sufferings to God for the salvation of sinners. She entreats them to say the Rosary for world peace. Later, they encounter their agnostic friend Hugo  who tells them it is best not to reveal the vision to anyone else, but of course on returning home, Jacinta immediately divulges her sightings. Jacinta and Francisco\'s parents believe the story, but Lucia\'s mother reacts with disgust and subjects her daughter to emotional and physical abuse. She forbids Lucia to return to the Cova, but Lucia does so anyway on the next month\'s appearance , and is told then that her cousins will die and go to heaven "soon", while she will live a long life in holy service. The parish priest suggests the visions might be from Satan. The local authorities close the Fatima church until the priest can convince the parishioners that no visions have or will happen. The next month, on July 13, the lady appears again, predicting "another and worse war"  will happen if the world doesn\'t stop sinning. She also predicts evil will come from Russia if that country is unconverted. Kidnapped by provincial administrator Arturo Santos, , the children are threatened with death if they don\'t change their story. Trying to frighten them, he has first Jacinta, then Francisco dragged into another room. Jacinta\'s terrified screams convince Lucia that her cousins are dead, but she refuses to deny what she\'s seen. Warning her that she\'s about to experience "the full treatment", Santos reunites her with her cousins, who are very much alive, then throws them all in jail. There they find Hugo, who stands by them as they convince all the prisoners to join in the Rosary. Unable to find any prosecutable evidence, Arturo  frees the children, who find that the entire population of Fatima has been standing outside waiting for them. On October 13, when the lady promised "a sign that will make them believe," about forty thousand people arrive, waiting through a torrential downpour. At precisely noon the clouds part and the sun shines brightly upon all the people—then the sun shifts through a rainbow of colors and appears to drop toward the ground, in what many have described as the Miracle of the Sun. Many people panic, some pray or watch calmly, and a few disabled people are healed. As the sun returns to normal we see Hugo standing in the middle of the kneeling crowd, his hat still on. Removing it, he says "Only the fool sayeth there is no God." A short epilogue shows the huge basilica where the tree once stood. At the end of the movie, it is  and they are in a big, new basilica . Inside, Lucia is a nun praying before the tomb where her cousins are buried, with the converted Hugo at her side.'] ['Millions tells the story of 7-year-old Damian, a devout Catholic school boy, whose family moves to the suburbs of Widnes after the death of his mother. Soon after the move, Damian\'s "hermitage" in a cardboard box by the train tracks is disturbed by a bag of money flung from a passing train. Damian immediately shows the money to his brother, Anthony, and the two begin thinking of what to do with it. Anthony wants the money all to himself. Damian, kind-hearted and religious, had recently overheard three Latter-day Saint missionaries lecture other members of the community on building foundations of rock rather than foundations of sand, an old Christian principle which dictates that self-worth should be based on the teachings of Christ rather than any other object of worship such as Money/Mammon or Power. The lecture inspires Damian, who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries\' letter box, having heard about their modest lifestyle and deciding that they too must be poor. Throughout the story, Damian commits small acts of kindness like buying birds from pet stores and setting them free and taking beggars to Pizza Hut, while Anthony bribes other kids at school into being his transportation and bodyguards, and looks into investing the money in real estate. The story takes place in the weeks leading up to The Bank of England\'s  change from the pound  to the euro - an event publicised as \'€ Day\'. An assembly is held at Damian\'s school to inform the children about the change, as well as to educate the children about helping the poor. Realizing that the money, which is in pounds, will be no good after a few days, Damian decides that the best thing to do would be to give it away before the conversion. He drops £1,000 into the donation can at the assembly. The woman collecting the money, Dorothy, is forced to report Damian; when questioned by the principal, Anthony lies that he and Damian stole the money from the Mormons. Damian and Anthony are grounded that night. When their father collects them from school he chats with Dorothy, and there is an obvious attraction between them. After the donation, Anthony\'s friend informs them that a train carrying notes which were to be destroyed after the conversion had been robbed. One bag was stolen in a diversion, while the robber remained on the train disguised as one of the emergency staff, and the money had been dispersed by throwing it off of the train at various locations throughout the country to be collected by the robbers. The boys logically conclude that their money was stolen, and Damian, who thought the money was from God, feels terrible. Around this time, a mysterious man comes snooping around the train tracks and asks Damian if he has any money. Damian thinks that the man is a beggar and tells him he has \'loads of money\'. However, Anthony realizes he is one of the robbers, and gives the man a jar full of coins to cover Damian\'s tracks. The robber eventually finds out where Damian lives and ransacks his house. Damian had informed his father about the money just before they came home to their destroyed house. The robbery is then explained. The robbers boarded the train. They then escaped the police by dressing as football fans and joining a crowd of similarly dressed fans leaving a game. However, one man remained on the train. He began to throw the money off, to be collected later. The robber who came sneaking around hid in Damian\'s room after ransacking it, much in the way the train robbery was carried out. Damian\'s father, who had resolved to give the money back, decided that if the robbers were going to steal his family\'s Christmas, then he would steal the robbers\' money. The family, as well as Dorothy, go on a massive shopping spree on Christmas Eve. That night, after they are asleep, their house is bombarded by beggars and charities begging for contributions, and seeing the confusion that results, Damian runs off to the train tracks to burn the money, deciding that it was doing more harm than good. While he is burning the money, he is visited by his dead mother, who tells him not to worry about her. In the final scene, the audience sees Damian\'s dream of the family flying a rocket ship to Africa and helping develop water wells, while Damian narrates over the scene that each family member but him had hidden a little bit of the money beforehand. Damian convinced them to spend this money on the wells he is dreaming about. Earlier in the movie this was shown to be the most crucial and cheapest way to drastically improve the quality of life for many African communities.'] ['Jacob defrauds his twin Brother Esau  and flees. In Haran he gets to know his cousin Rachel , and falls in love with her. Years of hard work later he marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau.'] ['The story centers on a young woman named Percy  who served prison time. Upon her release, she arrives in a small town in Maine with hopes of beginning a new life. She works as a waitress in the Spitfire Grill, owned by Hannah , whose gruff exterior conceals a kind heart and precious little tolerance for the grill\'s regular customers, who cast their suspicions on Percy\'s mysterious past. No one is more suspicious than Nahum, Hannah\'s nephew, although his wife, Shelby, has a kinder curiosity. When Hannah becomes bedridden due to a nasty fall, Percy and Shelby pitch in to save the Grill and win the approval of Hannah, who learns that she does need friends. Joe, an attractive young man in town, becomes smitten with Percy, and brings to town a scientist who thinks that the town\'s trees might cure cancer and arthritis. As the plot unfolds, Hannah holds a $100-per-entry essay contest to find a new owner for the grill. This creates a positive change in the town, but the plans are disrupted by Nahum\'s suspicions and the revelation that a local hermit is really Hannah\'s shell-shocked Vietnam veteran son. Percy sacrifices her own life to save Hannah\'s son and prompts a number of characters in the town to consider their own conduct more deeply. Overall, the film deals with powerful themes of redemption, hatred, compassion, independence, the economic problems of small towns, the plight of Vietnam War veterans and to some extent female empowerment. A "trick" of the film is that while it may be expected that the redemption will primarily be of Percy, in fact other characters and relationships, and indeed the town itself, are powerfully redeemed through the actions of Percy.'] ['In Israel during the Roman Empire, Jesus Christ of Nazareth travels around the country with his disciples preaching to the people about God and salvation of their souls. He claims to be the son of God and the prophesized messiah. He is arrested by the Romans and crucified. He rises from the dead after three days.'] ['Sonny  is a charismatic Pentecostal preacher with a wandering eye. His wife Jessie  has begun a relationship with a youth minister named Horace. She refuses Sonny\'s desire to be reconciled, although she assures him that she will not interfere with his right to see his children. She has also conspired to use their church\'s bylaws to have him removed from power. Sonny asks God what to do, but receives no answer. Much of the congregation sides with Jessie in this dispute. Sonny, however, refuses to start a new church, insisting that the one which forced him out was "his" church. At his child\'s Little League game, Sonny, in an emotional fit, attacks Horace with a bat and puts him into a coma. He later dies. A fleeing Sonny ditches his car in a river and gets rid of all identifying information. After destroying all evidence of his past, Sonny rebaptizes himself and anoints himself as "The Apostle E. F." He leaves Texas and ends up in the bayous of Louisiana, where he convinces a retired minister named Blackwell  to help him start a new church. He also begins a dating relationship with a local radio station\'s employee . With Sonny\'s energy and charisma, the church soon has a faithful and racially integrated flock. Sonny even succeeds in converting a racist construction worker  who shows up at a church picnic intent on destruction. While at work in a fast-food restaurant, he sees his new girlfriend out in public with her husband and children, apparently reconciled. Sonny walks out, vowing never to return there. Jessie hears a radio broadcast of the Apostle E. F. and calls the police on Sonny and they show up in the middle of an evening service but allow him to finish it while they wait outside. In the poignant finale, Sonny delivers an impassioned sermon before telling his flock that he has to go. In the final scene, Sonny, now part of a chain gang, preaches to the inmates as they work along the side of a highway.'] ['During World War II, the sailor Anatoly and his captain, Tikhon, are captured by the Nazis when they board their barge and tugboat which is carrying a shipment of coal. The Nazi officer leading the raid offers Anatoly the choice to shoot Tikhon and stay alive which Anatoly reluctantly takes, and Tikhon falls overboard. The Nazis blow up the ship but Anatoly is found by Russian Orthodox monks on the shore the next morning. He survives and becomes a stoker at the monastery but is perpetually overcome with guilt. Thirty years pass. Anatoly now has the gifts of prophecy and healing. But the other monks do not really understand him. People come to see Anatoly for cures and guidance, but even now, he remains in a perpetual state of repentance. He often gets in a boat and goes to an uninhabited island where he prays for mercy and forgiveness. A prominent admiral arrives to see Anatoly with his daughter. The daughter is possessed by a demon but Anatoly exorcises it. The admiral turns out to be Tikhon. It is revealed that Anatoly only wounded him during the war. Tikhon forgives Anatoly. Anatoly announces his death by Wednesday; the monks provide a coffin. Dressed in a white garment such as Jesus wore, he lies in the coffin, wearing a crucifix. Monks, one carrying a large cross representing the risen Christ, are seen rowing the coffin away from the island. <gallery> Image:Russia rabocheostrovsk ostrovs scenery belltower.jpg|Bell tower Image:Russia Rabocheostrovsk Ostrovs scenery barge.jpg|Barge </gallery>'] ['Caleb Hogan  wants to transfer to Patrick Henry College  to compete on the Moot Court team. His mother, Judith , who is a Constitutional lawyer, opposes his decision because Patrick Henry College teaches from a socially conservative perspective. Since Caleb insists that the PHC Moot Court team will provide him with the best training for working in her law firm, Judith agrees to pay for education on the condition that he wins the Moot Court National Championship. The Moot Court topic is soon announced as a parental notification case, weighing the daughters right to have an abortion against her parents right to know about it. Caleb believes that the team will be most successful by arguing for a small exception to the apparent "right to abortion" by showing substantial parental interests, not because he himself supports abortion but because he insists that attempting to overturn Roe v. Wade will provoke a negative emotional response from the liberal judges. His partner, Rachel , however, argues that they should make the case to overturn it and completely deny the right to an abortion. Meanwhile, Judith is offered a case to argue in the Supreme Court on behalf of an abortion clinic who violated a state\'s parental notification laws. Against the wishes of her husband, Don , and her son, Caleb, Judith takes the case and asks Rachel to work as an intern at her law firm to help her prepare. As the Moot Court championship tournament draws near, Caleb is faced with a growing rift forming between his parents, an escalating argument with his debate partner and the future of his education and his family at stake.'] ['The film follows a young American boy named Roy Wallace  who spends his summer in a tiny fishing village on the coast of western Ireland. After a short while, unexplainable events and deeds begin to occur and rumors of ghosts sweep the village. All these things are pointing to something mysterious that is going on in a nearby cave. Roy sets out to disprove the rumor and decides to explore the cave with his new, teenage local friends Oscar  and Abbey . Roy faces his fears and discovers the secret of the cave.'] ['A Greek artisan is commissioned to cast the cup of Christ in silver and sculpt around its rim the faces of the disciples and Jesus himself. He travels to Jerusalem and eventually to Rome to complete the task. Meanwhile, a nefarious interloper is trying to convince the crowds that he is the new Messiah by using nothing more than cheap parlor tricks.'] ['The action takes place in Ancient Rome, Judaea, Capri, and Galilee in a time period stretching from 32 A.D. to 38 A.D.The beginning date is given as the "18th year of Tiberius, and the ending date is a year after the historical year of the accession of Caligula as Roman emperor. Diana tells Caligula that she had not heard from Marcellus for almost a year when Marcellus was in Cana of Galilee. At that time Marcellus was told by Paulus that Caligula was then the emperor. Marcellus Gallio , son of an important Roman senator  and himself a military tribune begins the film in a prologue that introduces the viewer to the might and scope of the Roman empire. He is notorious as a ladies’ man, but he is captivated by the reappearance of a childhood sweetheart Diana , ward of the Emperor Tiberius  and Empress Julia , in Caligula\'s pavilion. As Caligula is the grandnephew and heir to Tiberius, Diana is unofficially promised in marriage to him as Empress Julia thinks Diana would be good for him. When Caligula comes to the marketplace with military fanfare to take part in the slave auction, Marcellus makes the mistake of bidding against him for a defiant Greek slave Demetrius  - and winning. Caligula feels he had been made a fool of in front of Diana, while Marcellus feels that he had wronged Demetrius by stopping him earlier when he had escaped from his slaveholders. Angrily Caligula leaves with Diana and the rest of his military escort and issues orders for Marcellus to receive a military transfer to Jerusalem in Palestine. Marcellus has Demetrius released, and he orders him to go on his own to the Gallio home. At the Gallio home, Cornelia and Lucia, Marcellus\'s mother and sister, are informed by Diana about the situation at the marketplace. Lucia remarks that Marcellus is still in love with Diana. Marcellus is surprised to find Demetrius waiting for him when he gets home. Unofficially Marcellus had freed Demetrius, but Demetrius feels honor bound to compensate Marcellus by being his servant. Demetrius accompanies Marcellus to Palestine, but before the galley sails, Diana comes to see Marcellus, pledging her love for him and her intention to intercede on his behalf with Tiberius. Marcellus declares his love for Diana and asks her to make the emperor promise not to give her in marriage to Caligula. Marcellus rides into Jerusalem with the centurion Paulus  on the same day as Jesus\' triumphal entry on Palm Sunday. Jesus confronts Demetrius as he rides into Jerusalem, silently calling him with his eyes to be his follower. When Demetrius later finds out what the Romans have in store for Jesus, he tries to warn him about the intentions of the Romans to arrest him. However, Jesus has already been arrested, as Demetrius finds out from a chance meeting with Judas. Jesus is arrested and condemned by Pontius Pilate , the procurator, who sends for Marcellus to take charge of the detail of Roman soldiers assigned to crucify him. As Pilate finishes washing his hands, he tells Marcellus that he is being recalled to Italy by the emperor and tells Marcellus of the duty he must perform before he leaves. As Marcellus leaves, Pilate pines about the past night and asks for water so that he can wash his hands again. Marcellus and the other soldiers cast lots for Jesus\' robe, and Marcellus wins. On the way back into Jerusalem, Marcellus compels Demetrius to throw the robe over him as the two of them are caught in the rain. It is then that Marcellus begins to feel remorse for the crucifixion of Jesus. When the robe is on him he has a painful seizure, and he orders Demetrius to take it off him. When Demetrius does so he has had enough: he curses Marcellus and the Roman Empire and runs away. Marcellus now behaves like a madman haunted by nightmares of the crucifixion. What sets him off is any reference to being "out there" on Calvary. He cries out fitfully, "Were you out there?!" He does this in the presence of Tiberius himself when he reports to him on Capri. Tiberius is portrayed as a benevolent elder statesman, who wants to help Marcellus, so, at the prompting of his soothsayer Dodinius  and Marcellus\'s own enthusiasm, he gives him an imperial commission to find and destroy the robe while gathering a list of names of Jesus\' followers. At Diana\'s request, Tiberius leaves her free to marry Marcellus even though Tiberius believes him to be mad. After leaving Capri, Marcellus is next seen sometime later with a Syrian guide Abidor  outside the village of Cana. He is posing as a cloth merchant going about buying up homespun cloth. To further his investigation Marcellus pays exorbitant prices for any kind of cloth, even rags. Justus, a weaver in Cana , reprimands his fellow Christians for accepting such unfair prices as being contrary to the teachings of Jesus and his fellow Christians give back the excess amounts voluntarily. Seeing Justus as a lead in his investigations Marcellus seeks to ingratiate himself with Justus by giving his young grandson Jonathan , whose club foot had been healed by Jesus, one of his pack donkeys. Marcellus also wanders in on a public performance by the paralytic Miriam as she sings a song of Jesus\' resurrection. When Marcellus returns to his camp he is confronted by a greedy Abidor, who wants to turn in Justus and the others to Pilate, who has ordered the arrest of Jesus\' followers. Abidor, who is obsessed with making money, threatens to tell the people of Cana that Marcellus crucified Jesus, which drives Marcellus to beat Abidor and send him away violently. The next day Marcellus is furious with Jonathan for giving his donkey to his physically challenged friend David, because he did not yet understand the teachings of Jesus. Miriam, who is sitting nearby kindly confronts Marcellus, and urges him to see Peter , who has come to Cana with a Greek companion. Marcellus guesses that this is Demetrius and goes off to Shalum\'s Inn to confront him. Marcellus finds Demetrius alone, and demands that he get the robe and destroy it. Demetrius gives the robe to Marcellus, who refuses to touch it, and Demetrius tells him that if he wants it destroyed, he will have to destroy it himself. Marcellus picks the robe up with his sword, and as he becomes frozen with fear, the robe slides down the sword onto him. He is terrified, but this time, as the robe touches him, he finds that the pain he has been carrying since the robe first touched him vanishes and that he is no longer afraid. He feels the true power of the robe and of the one who wore it. In that moment, Marcellus believes in Jesus Christ, is relieved from the madness of his guilt, and becomes a Christian. The two men go outside and Justus calls the villagers together and begins to introduce Peter. Justus tells the gathered crowd that, on the night of Jesus\' arrest, only Peter stood by Jesus. Peter tries to correct Justus but Justus tells Peter that his turn to speak will come and continues. Suddenly, Justus is pierced by an arrow and falls. The assembly turns to see Paulus and a large detachment of Roman soldiers, with the gloating Abidor lurking among them. Several other villagers are killed before Marcellus intervenes, ordering them to stop. Paulus informs him that his orders are no longer valid; Tiberias is dead and Caligula is emperor. Marcellus informs Paulus that an imperial commission is valid even after a Roman emperor dies. Paulus tells Marcellus to make him obey via a sword duel. Marcellus asks Paulus if he will keeps his word to withdraw the troops if Marcellus wins the duel. Paulus says that if Marcellus wins, the troops are his because Paulus will be dead. Marcellus accepts the challenge to a duel. After a prolonged struggle Marcellus prevails. Rather than killing Paulus, as is expected of him, Marcellus hurls his sword into a tree. He challenges Paulus to give the order to his soldiers to withdraw. Paulus, recognizing the mercy extended to him by Marcellus, salutes Marcellus and orders the soldiers to leave. Peter invites Marcellus to join him and Demetrius as missionaries. Marcellus hesitates, and when Peter tells him that he denied Jesus three times on the night he was arrested, Marcellus confesses his role in Jesus\' death. Peter points out to him that Jesus forgave him from the cross in the dramatic words showcased before, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do" . Marcellus then pledges his life to Jesus and agrees to go with them. Their missionary journey takes them through Antioch, Ephesus, Corinth, and then to Rome, but they must proceed "undercover" with their base in the catacombs because the Emperor Caligula has proscribed them. In Rome, Caligula summons Diana from her retreat at the Gallio home to tell her that Marcellus has become a traitor to Rome by being a Christian. He takes her to the guard room where a captured Demetrius is being tortured. Diana runs out of the palace to Marcipor , the Gallio family slave, who is a secret Christian. Diana guesses that Marcipor is a Christian and has seen Marcellus, and she gets him to take her to Marcellus. Marcellus and Diana are reunited, and Marcellus tells her the story of the robe and his own conversion but Diana only thinks the story of Jesus, justice, and love is a nice story but that the world doesn\'t work that way. Diana gives Marcellus information on where Demetrius is in the imperial palace, and Marcellus and his fellow Christians manage to rescue him. They are almost too late as Demetrius is near death, but Peter comes to the Gallio home where Demetrius has been taken and heals him. Caligula scolds his Roman soldiers for letting the prisoner get away and issues orders to bring Marcellus to him alive to stand trial by the end of the day or they will all be sent to the galleys. A physician friend of Senator Gallio, Marius , is called in to help Demetrius, but is unable to heal him. Marius states that science has limits. Marcellus prays to God and Peter then knocks on the door and ask to be alone with Demetrius. Peter lays his hand on Demetrius and heals him. Marius, a proud man, is resentful of Peter\'s ability to heal Demetrius and leaves with the purpose of betraying Marcellus to Caligula. Marcellus tells his father, Senator Gallio, that he wants to return and tell his father more about Christianity; however, his father says this will be the last time they see each other because he feels his son has betrayed Rome by becoming a Christian and, therefore, he no longer has a son. Marcellus promises Diana that he will send for her tomorrow and kisses Diana as he leaves. Marcellus flees with Demetrius but, when they are pursued by soldiers, Marcellus gives himself up so that Demetrius can escape. He is captured and put on trial. Diana visit Marcellus in prison on the night before his trial and requests he not defy Caligula. Marcellus tells Diana of Miriam, the crippled girl who found herself fortunate to be lame; of the poor, young boy Jonathan, to whom Marcellus gave the fine donkey and he then selflessly gave it away to another boy without a second thought; and how other Christians do not deny Christ to save their skin. Diana wants to believe but does not feel she can if Marcellus dies. If he dies now, Diana tells him, that she feels his death would be for nothing and that she needs Marcellus. Caligula makes Diana sit next to him for Marcellus\' trial. He then tells the crowd of Senators and Roman nobles that there is a secret party of seditionists called "Christians" and how their actions are comparable to the traitor Spartacus. He then tells them that one of their own, Marcellus, has joined these "conspirators" and thus is being tried by all of them for treason. Marcellus informs the crowd that it is true that he is a Christian; however, he denies the charge that Christians are plotting against the state. When Caligula says that Christians believe Jesus is a king, Marcellus tells everyone that Jesus is a king but that His Kingdom is not of this world and Jesus seeks to reign in the hearts and mind in the name of justice and charity. Caligula asks about the robe that Marcellus is holding and Marcellus tries to show Caligula his opportunity to accept Christ. Marcellus tries to hand the robe to Caligula but Caligula refuses to touch it as he considers it to be "bewitched". He orders one of his soldiers to take the robe and destroy it, but Diana asks to keep it instead. Marcellus informs Caligula that, if Rome turns to the ways of justice and charity, then Rome will be saved; however, if Rome stayed on its present course, then it would be destroyed. To the crowd, this sounds treasonous and Caligula condemns Marcellus to death by the wish of the members of the audience based on what they\'ve heard. Caligula, in an effort to show mercy to Marcellus, tells him to renew his allegiance to Rome and renounce his faith in Jesus Christ. Marcellus kneels to Caligula to renew his pledge to Rome, a pledge he states that he has never broken, but then stands and states that he cannot renounce his belief in Jesus. Marcellus tells Caligula that Jesus is his King and Caligula\'s King and that Jesus is the Son of God. Diana then accepts Christ, and seeks to join Marcellus, the man she considers to be her husband, in His Kingdom. When Caligula tells Diana that there are no charges against her, she provides a reason for her to be charged with the same crime as Marcellus by telling the audience how evil an emperor Caligula is. Caligula screams out as she states her condemnation of his rules and then condemns Diana to die alongside Marcellus. As Diana and Marcellus are marched out of the emperor\'s court, Diana hands the robe to Marcipor. Diana and Marcellus pause to smile at each other as they peacefully walk out of the courtroom to meet their earthly fate. A chorus of "Hallelujah" plays and clouds are in the background behind Diana and Marcellus as the film ends.'] ['The story revolves around Marcelino, an orphan abandoned as a baby on the steps of a monastery in nineteenth-century Spain. The monks raise the child, and Marcelino grows into a rowdy young boy. He has been warned by the monks not to visit the monastery attic, where a supposed bogeyman lives, but he ventures upstairs anyway, sees the bogeyman and tears off back down the stairs. At a festival, Marcelino causes havoc when he accidentally lets some animals loose, and the new local mayor, a blacksmith whom the monks would not let adopt Marcelino because of his coarse behavior, uses the incident as an excuse to try to shut down the monastery. Given the silent treatment by the monks, Marcelino gathers up the courage to once again enter the attic, where he sees not a bogeyman, but a beautiful statue of Christ on the Cross. Remarking that the statue looks hungry, Marcelino steals some bread and wine and offers it to the statue, which comes to life, descends from the Cross, and eats and drinks what the boy has brought him. The statue becomes Marcelino\'s best friend and confidant, and begins to give him religious instruction. For his part, Marcelino realizes that the statue is Christ. The monks know something is strange when they notice bread and wine disappearing, and arrange to spy on Marcelino. One day, the statue notices that Marcelino is pensive and brooding instead of happy, and tells him that he would like to reward his kindness. Marcelino answers: "I want only to see my mother, and to see Yours after that". The statue cradles Marcelino in its arms, tells Marcelino to sleep - and Marcelino dies happy. The monks witness the miracle through a crack in the attic door, and burst in just in time to see the dead Marcelino bathed in a heavenly glow. The statue returns to its place on the Cross, and Marcelino is buried underneath the chapel and venerated by all who visit the now flourishing monastery-turned-shrine. The main story is told in flashback by a monk , who, visiting a dying girl, tells her the story of Marcelino for inspiration. The film ends with the monk entering the now completely remodeled chapel in the monastery during Mass, and saying to the crucifix once kept in the attic: "We have been speaking about you, O Lord", and then, to Marcelino\'s grave, which is situated nearby, "And about you, too, Marcelino". The film remains one of the most famous and successful Spanish films ever made in history, and one of the first Spanish films to become successful in the U.S. as well.'] ['The film opens somewhere in the late 17th century with two pirate ships fighting. The prince, Alexander of Monterria, is captured by Robert the Terrible, his ruthless uncle. The other pirates search the ship for the princess, Eloise, but miss her hiding spot and leave. When Eloise and her butler Willory  emerge, she sends a device that her father made, a "Helpseeker," to find heroes to save Alexander. It evades the pirates on the ship and jumps into the sea. The film jumps to the present where George , Sedgewick , and Elliot  are working at a pirate-themed dinner theater. Sedgewick, who is very lazy, has invented a remote-controlled toy truck with a claw arm  to help him do things he doesn\'t feel like doing - though when his girlfriend Ellen asks him to get her some barbecue sauce, it is out of range of his toy and he refuses to make the effort himself. Elliot has a list of things he\'s afraid of, and when his girlfriend Bernadette  asks him to get the barbecue sauce, he says the back room is dark and therefore "on his list." George, who lacks self-respect, does what everyone tells him; his children, George Jr and Lucy, idolize the star of the show, Sir Frederick. Elliot, Sedgewick, and George want to be seen as heroes by their loved ones, but since they\'re only cabin boys, they think that their dream is unattainable. After the show, while they are cleaning up, an old blind man appears out of nowhere, prophesying that an adventure awaits for them and that "the stage is set for the heroes at hand." Elliot thinks this means that if they all audition, they\'ll be cast in the show. After their disastrous audition , they are fired and thrown into the alley, where they find the Helpseeker and are teleported to the 17th century. Meeting Eloise and Willory, they set off to Jolly Joe\'s, a known pirate hang-out, where they learn it was Robert who kidnapped the prince in the hopes of exacting revenge on the king, Robert\'s brother. They also learn that the clues to find Robert\'s fortress are hidden in a cave past the Rocks of Malabar. They do find the clues there, but Sedgewick happens across what appears to be a pool of cheese curls, his favorite snack, and decides to stay on the island and relax instead of pursuing Robert. When George and Elliot return to the beach, they discover that Robert\'s men have taken their boat and captured Eloise and Willory. They head out to follow the clues: go east to the isle of walking rocks, and through the clapping pass. Back in the cave, the cheese curls turn out to be alive - and vicious. Sedgewick is attacked and, in his desperation to escape being eaten by his own favorite food, discovers he can do anything without giving up. When George and Elliot get to the isle, the rocks, which are really large rock-monsters , start to surround them, but then Sedgewick arrives, having now swum across the ocean followed by the cheese curls. The rocks find the curls amusing and start to interact with them. The pass opens and one of the rock-monsters helps them get through it. Within the hidden bay, they quickly find Robert\'s fortress, which is apparently unguarded, but a giant serpent attacks their ship. George and Sedgewick are terrified, but Elliot, overcoming his fear, realizes the guardian is actually just a mechanical device; when it "eats him," he is able to shut the machine down from inside and save his friends. They rescue the prince and princess, with the help of Sedgewick\'s "labor-saving device," only to be stopped by Robert. Finding his self-respect at last, George uses a chandelier to knock Robert down. They escape through the fortress\'s cistern, with Robert in hot pursuit. Back in the bay, Robert\'s ship opens fire on the heroes, but the king shows up just in time, and Robert goes down with his ship. The king gives them medals for their good work, reminding them that heroes aren\'t necessarily strong or handsome or dashing, but in fact anyone who does what he or she knows is right no how matter hard the situation. The Helpseeker returns them to the restaurant, just in time for the Friday night show, but Robert has stowed away on their trip back and attacks Sir Frederick, mistaking him for George. A final showdown with Robert sends him back to his own time. The audience cheers wildly, including their loved ones, and George\'s children respect him at last. Offered a second chance to be in the show, they refuse, saying that life has plenty of adventure of its own... as the Helpseeker blinks once again.'] ['The center of the drama is the young unmarried but pregnant Carmen Castro  who during the first few minutes of the film informs her cousin Stella . Stella scoffs and recommends abortion. The father of the child, Jerry, also recommends abortion. Her over religious landlady Juling , who is busy juggling her religious aims and her legal quarrel with the poor families illegally living in her land, however strongly suggests that she keeps the baby as killing it would be a sin against God. Carmen sees signs that would seemingly suggest an answer to her difficult decision. Her poor neighbors struggle for money to feed their children. She sees a physically malformed child vending goods outside the church. She loses her job at a financing company due to the struggling economy during that time. Carmen eventually decides to have an abortion in a deeply moving scene with close up shots of the cold steel utensils used by the doctor to undertake it. The cold steel of the abortion tools and the close up shots in turn attempt to emphasise the coldness of killing an unborn child.'] ["The film follows Father Charles “Chuck” O’Malley , an incoming priest whose unconventional style transforms the parish life of St. Dominic’s church in New York City. We meet O’Malley on his first day at the new parish. O'Malley gets into a series of mishaps on his way to the church, and his informal appearance and attitude make a very poor impression with the elder pastor, Father Fitzgibbon . The highly-traditional Fitzgibbon is further put off by O’Malley’s recreational habits&nbsp;– particularly his golf-playing&nbsp;– and his friendship with the even more casual pastor Timmy O’Dowd. In a discussion between O'Malley and O'Dowd without Fitzgibbon present, it is revealed that O’Malley was sent by the bishop to take charge of the affairs of the parish, but that Fitzgibbon is to remain as pastor. To spare Fitzgibbon’s feelings, the older pastor is kept unaware of this arrangement and believes that O’Malley is simply his assistant. A series of events in the first half of the movie highlight the differences between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon’s styles, as they deal with events like a parishioner being evicted and a young woman coming to the church having run away from home. The most consequential difference of opinion between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon arises in their handling of the youth of the church, many of whom are consistently getting into trouble with the law in a gang led by Tony Scaponi . Fitzgibbon is inclined to look the other way, siding with the boys because of their frequent church attendance. O’Malley instead seeks to make inroads into the boys’ lives, befriending Scaponi and eventually using this connection to convince the boys, against some initial reluctance, to become a church choir. The noise of the practising choir annoys Fitzgibbon, who finally decides to go to the bishop and ask for O’Malley to be transferred away. In the course of the conversation, Fitzgibbon infers the bishop’s intention to put O’Malley in charge of the parish. To avoid an uncomfortable situation, instead of making his initial request, Fitzgibbon asks the bishop to put O’Malley in charge, and then, resigned to his fate of losing control over the church, he informs O’Malley of his new role. Distressed, Fitzgibbon then runs away from the parish, leading to a search. He returns late at night, and as O’Malley puts the older priest to bed, the two begin to bond, discussing Fitzgibbon’s long-put-off desire to go to Ireland and see his mother, whom he hasn’t seen in 45 years, and who is now over 90. O’Malley puts Fitzgibbon to sleep with an Irish lullaby, “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”. We now meet Jenny Linden , an old girlfriend of O'Malley's whom he left in order to join the priesthood, but who has since risen to a highly successful acting and singing career. O'Malley and Jenny discuss their past, and he then watches from the side of the stage as she performs a number for her starring role as Carmen at the Metropolitan Opera. O'Malley next pays a visit to the young woman who was earlier seen running away from home, who is now suspected of living in sin with the son of the church's mortgage-holder. On this visit, O’Malley describes to the young couple his calling in life to “go his way”, which to him means to follow after the joyous side of religion and lead others to do the same. He performs for them the song “Going My Way”, which he wrote on this theme. The elements of the story now begin to come together. Jenny visits O’Malley at the church, sees the boys’ choir, and reads the sheet music of “Going My Way”. She, O'Malley, and Father O’Dowd devise a plan to rent out the Metropolitan, perform “Going My Way” with the choir and a full orchestra, and sell the rights to the song, thereby saving the church from its financial woes. The plan fails, as the music executive brought on to listen to the song does not believe that it will sell. As the executive  is leaving, the choir decides to make the most of its opportunity on the grand stage, and sings another song, “Swinging on a Star”. The executive overhears the song and decides to buy it, providing enough money to pay off the church mortgage. With the church affairs in order, O’Malley and Fitzgibbon begin to bond more closely, and even go out on the golf course together. Just as everything seems to have fallen into place, though, the parish church is damaged in a massive fire. At about the same time, O'Malley prepares to move on to a new assignment from the bishop. He leaves O’Dowd as Fitzgibbon’s new assistant, and puts Tony Scaponi in charge of the choir. On Christmas Eve the people gather in a temporary church, in a service that also serves as O'Malley's farewell. As a going away present to Fitzgibbon, O’Malley flies Fitzgibbon’s mother in from Ireland. As mother and son embrace in front of the church while the choir sings “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”, Father O’Malley quietly slips away."] ["Shortly before the crucifixion of Christ, Pontius Pilate offers to release either Jesus Christ or Barabbas in keeping with the local custom. As the Bible story goes, Barabbas is the one the crowd chooses. Barabbas leaves and returns to his friends; his friends are glad to see him, but Barabbas wants to know where his lover Rachel is. They inform him that Rachel had changed while he was away, and was following the teachings of Christ. Rachel soon returns, but she is not overjoyed to see Barabbas again. During their reunion Christ is crucified. As Christ dies the sky turns dark. Shaken by this, Barabbas goes to witness the crucifixion. Afterwards he goes to witness Christ being sealed in the tomb. On the third morning, Barabbas goes to the tomb to find it open, and Christ gone. Rachel tells him that Christ has risen, but Barabbas dismisses this as illusion, or that his followers had taken his body. He goes to see the Apostle Peter and Christ's other followers demanding to know what happened to the body&nbsp;&ndash; they do not know where he is but do believe he is risen. Rachel begins to teach others in Jerusalem about Christ and an impending, fiery end of the world. Soon, Rachel's teachings lead to her being stoned to death by the same priests who had Jesus crucified. When Barabbas comes across them later while robbing a caravan, he assaults one of them with stones, and while doing this is arrested by Roman troops. Pilate decides not to execute Barabbas, but instead sentences him to a life sentence in the sulfur mines of Sicily. Barabbas is taken to the mines, where a medallion designating him the property of the Emperor is placed around his neck. He manages to survive a hellish existence for the next twenty years in the mines. Eventually he is chained to Sahak, who was sent to the mines in punishment for letting slaves escape. Sahak, which is an Armenian name, was also a Christian and had carved a cross on the back of his medallion. At first, Sahak hates him, but the two men eventually become friends. After some time Sahak becomes too weak to work, and is about to be killed - but the mine is destroyed in an earthquake. Sahak and Barabbas are the only survivors. After they recover from their injuries they are sent to the fields to work. As the only survivors of the disaster, they catch the eye of Julia, the wife of the local prefect. The local prefect is due to leave for Rome to become a Senator. Julia insists that Barabbas and Sahak be brought along to Rome for good luck. Once in Rome, the men are trained to become gladiators by Torvald &nbsp;&ndash; the top gladiator in Rome. Just after one of the gladiatorial events Sahak is overheard speaking about his faith in Christ's sacrificial death, and the renovation of the world by God's fire, and he is executed by Torvald for treason. The next day Torvald and Barabbas battle in the arena, with Barabbas winning. Impressed with Barabbas, the Roman Emperor Nero sets him free. Barabbas recovers the remains of Sahak, and takes his body to the catacombs, where the local Christians are worshiping, for a proper burial. Barabbas is separated from the Christians within the catacombs, and becomes lost while trying to find his way out. When he eventually emerges from the catacombs, Rome is on fire. Upon entering the city, Barabbas is told that the Christians started the fire. Believing that the end of the world has come , Barabbas begins to set aflame more buildings. Barabbas is confronted by Roman soldiers and he tells them that he is a follower of Christ. Barabbas is imprisoned with several other Christians, one of whom is Peter. Peter corrects Barabbas' mistaken intentions of continuing the burning of Rome. Afterwards, the Christians are executed en masse by crucifixion, in the persecutions that followed the fire. Throughout his life Barabbas was reputed as the man who could not die; having finally placed faith in Christ, he dies."] ['Man in the 5th Dimension opens with Rev. Graham delivering this prologue: "You are about to embark on a breathtaking journey through the four-dimensional world of space and time, into the realm of the fifth dimension – the dimension of the spirit.""Business Screen Magazine, A Pictorial Report on Audio and Visual Exhibition Technique at the New York’s World Fair ” The film shows scenes of the universe taken from the Palomar Observatory and then travels across the world to settings of natural and man-made grandeur including the California redwoods, the Acropolis in Athens, Greece, and the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. Throughout the film, Rev. Graham speaks of the spiritual nature of man in the midst of God\'s glory, and the film concludes with Rev. Graham inviting his audience to join him in accepting Jesus Christ as their savior. "Man in the 5th Dimension," In 70mm News / The 70mm Newsletter'] ["The animated version tells the same story as the 1959 film, with some differences. The story begins with Balthazar waiting in the desert for the two other wise men for a journey to Bethlehem. The story of Ben-Hur begins 30 years after the birth of Christ. In contrast to the 1925 and 1959 versions, the face of Jesus is shown and his words are heard in this film. The character of Messala is different from the 1959 film. Appearing lame, he approaches Ben-Hur for forgiveness, and joins Ben-Hur's family and Balthazar to witness the passion of Jesus. Ben-Hur gives water to Jesus on the way to Calvary. As Jesus dies, Ben-Hur and his family, with Balthazar, Messala, and Esther, clasp their hands in prayer. Miracles occur when Jesus heals Ben-Hur's family of leprosy, and enables Messala to walk again. He comes near the cross thanking Jesus for the miracle. At the film's end, Mary Magdalene sees Jesus emerge from the tomb and he ascends into heaven, giving the promise to the apostles to preach the gospel. Ben-Hur, now married to Esther, shares with his children his story and faith in Jesus."] ['The film tells the story of a pacifist Quaker family in southern Indiana during the American Civil War. The father of the family is gradually converted to supporting the war. The protagonist of the story is Jess Birdwell  the patriarch of the Birdwell family whose worldliness is forever coming in conflict with his being a Quaker. Jess\'s wife Eliza  is a deeply religious woman and is steadfast in her refusal to engage in violence of any sort. Jess\'s daughter Mattie  wants to remain a Quaker but has fallen in love with a dashing cavalry officer , a love that is against her mother\'s wishes. Jess\'s youngest child "Little" Jess  is a feisty child whose comical feud with his mother\'s pet goose causes her nothing but heartache. Jess\'s elder son Josh  is a young man torn between his hate for violence and the knowledge that to protect his family he must join the military and fight the invaders. We are introduced to the family via its youngest member, "Little" Jess, who is forever at war with his mother\'s pet goose. The story begins as an easygoing and humorous tale of Quakers trying to maintain their faith as they get ready and then go to Meeting on a Sunday. The mood shifts dramatically when the meeting is interrupted by a Union officer who asks how the Quaker men can stand by when their houses will be looted and their families terrorized by the approaching Confederate army. He questions various young men specifically, doubting their courage and suggesting that they are hiding behind their religion out of fear. When directly confronted with the question of his being afraid to fight, Josh Birdwell responds honestly that it might be the case. His honesty provokes the wrath of Purdy, a Quaker elder who is quick to condemn people who don\'t believe as he does. The film returns to comedy as the Quakers try to maintain their ways, but one is always reminded throughout that the Confederate Army is drawing closer every day. When the Confederates finally arrive, the situation turns deadly serious. Jess is cultivating his fields when he notices an immense cloud of smoke on the horizon, the kind that can only be produced by the burning of a city. Josh soon arrives and tells them the entire neighboring community has been reduced to a land of ash and corpses. Josh believes that he must fight, a conviction that threatens to destroy the family. Eliza tells him that by turning his back to their religion he\'s turning his back on her, but Jess sees things a different way, explaining to her: "A man\'s life ain\'t worth a hill of beans except he lives up to his own conscience." With the story\'s climax at hand, each member of the family is forced in their own way to confront the question of whether or not it is ever right for a Christian to engage in violence.'] ["The Keller family are the owners of a successful garment business based in Los Angeles, California. The story mainly revolves around Jacob Keller's ([[John Saxon  youngest son Joseph ([[Freddy Rodriguez . Because Jacob treats Joseph as if he is his favorite son, Joseph's brothers Ashton, Simon, and Robert plot to eliminate Joseph. They accomplish this by going on a business trip with Joseph, only to have him kidnapped and taken to a sweat shop run by sadistic sweat shop owner Frank Childress . After trying to escape from the sweat shop, Joseph is beaten up by Frank's right-hand man Thompsonn  and put in a small prison-like cell. However, Joseph is given a chance by Frank to work in his office. Joseph's business savvy helps Frank's business, and soon Frank introduces Joseph to his wife Clara . Clara attempts to come on to Joseph, but Joseph rejects her advances. Enraged, Clara false claims that Joseph is coming on to her. Frank manages to overhear Clara's claims, and he has Joseph shipped off to an insane asylum. While in the asylum, Joseph becomes acquainted with other inmates, notably Parker . The two strike up an instant friendship. Eventually, Joseph is released from the asylum and promises to Parker that he will get him out one day. After leaving the asylum, Joseph gets a job at a bank and manages to get a very prestigious position in a short matter of time. Not forgetting his old friend, Joseph manages to get Parker a respectable job in the bank. Around this time, his long-lost family is in need of a bank loan in order to keep their garment business alive. Jacob's three eldest sons go to the bank and attempt to get a loan. Unbeknownst to them, they are to be in the same room with their long-lost brother Joseph. When Joseph asks what their name is, they tell him their name is Keller and he realizes that they are his long-lost family, but he does not reveal this to them. He tells them that the deal will not be considered unless their father Jacob came there in person. A few weeks later, the three Keller boys come back to the bank, this time accompanied by Jacob. However, Joseph still does not reveal who he is. Finally, Joseph comes to the Keller home to finalize the deal during a family dinner. Before the deal can be finalized, Joseph reveals to Jacob that he is his long-lost son Joseph Keller. After a tear-filled reunion, the entire Keller family rejoices in the fact that their family is once again complete."] ["In what would later become the last 48 hours of his life, Jesus of Nazareth , a Black man, leads a group of 12 disciples to the biblical city of Arimathea to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Passover. The city of Arimathea is governed by the elite Jewish Sanhedrin under the administrative jurisdiction of the Roman Empire who persecute and discriminate against the Jewish population. Growing weary of the popular influence displayed by Jesus, a Jew claiming to be a messiah, the Sanhedrin wish to call an emergency meeting to discuss his growing power and clout. From the Sanhedrin, some of the members find it hard to believe a black man although Jewish, could in fact be the messiah. The members attempt to formulate a plan to capture and interrogate Jesus over his alleged blasphemy. Meanwhile, Jesus with the help of his disciple John , discovers a safe dwelling in Arimathea to consume the Passover meal away from the watchful patrol of Roman soldiers who are also attempting to subdue him over his reputation. Accordingly Mary , the mother of Jesus, comes to believe her son is being individually singled out on motivations based on race. In addition to persecuting Jews in general, the Romans also view Jews who are black in skin color as a more troublesome ramification than just ordinary white Jews. After a trek through the wilderness in the province of Judea, Jesus and his followers arrive in Arimathea. During the passover meal at a secret location within a Jewish guest home, Jesus reveals a vision which he experienced from God; depicting one of his disciples will betray him and hand him over to the Romans as a blasphemous criminal against the Empire. After hearing of the so-called miracles which Jesus performed, such as the healing of a blind man, and the restoring of life to a dead person, Caiphas , the leader of the Sanhedrin remains unconvinced of Jesus' prowess. The Sanhedrin believe that Jesus may in fact be a prophet like other Jews in the past, but do not believe he is a messiah. Later, Judas Iscariot , one of Jesus' followers, betrays him for a payment of 30 pieces of silver by revealing his hiding place from the Romans to Caiphas. Against the wishes of his fellow members in not involving the Romans into the matter, Caiphas recruits a group of Roman soldiers led by Horatius , to capture Jesus. Earlier, Jesus along with his disciples left the Jewish guest home to seek refuge in the Garden of Gethsemane within the mountains of Judea. Following his capture with the aid of Judas, Horatius leads Jesus away to a presumed trial before the Romans. Jesus is later condemned to death and crucified."] ['Set 18 months after the events of the second movie, an attack is taking place in Washington DC, explosions, helicopters and machine guns firing. A man runs through a burning White House to the Oval Office. United States President Gerald Fitzhugh  videotapes his confession in the oval office of The White House. Afterwards, he looks out the window as a shadowy figure arrives in the background. The movie then cuts one week earlier. The Tribulation Force, consisting of Rayford Steele, his daughter Chloe Steele, Buck Williams, Bruce Barnes, and Chris Smith, and many other unnamed people, are in the process of stealing Bibles from a Global Community  compound. The GC bursts into the warehouse and shoots Chris Smith wounding while the remaining Trib Force members escape. The guards ask Chris who he works for to which he replies "The Son of Man," they ask him again and Chris\' answer is "God Almighty" at that point the guard executes him. At Washington, D.C., somewhere at a rural lake, the president and his vice-president, John Mallory, are taking some time away from the White House. Mallory informs Fitzhugh of Nicolae\'s plans and how he has found evidence that Nicolae is planning an attack on American soil. Before he shares the information, a car explodes behind them. Troops storm in attempting to kill the President. Another man fires a rocket-propelled grenade and Mallory dies from the ambush attack, but a militia group comes to the aid of the President. Back at the Trib Force underground headquarters, Bruce Barnes performs a double wedding ceremony: Buck to Chloe, and Rayford to Amanda White, the newest member who once knew Rayford\'s first wife before the vanishings. After the ceremony is over, Buck heads over to L.A. and Rayford flies to New Babylon. Nicolae meets with Fitzhugh who expresses his deepest concern over the news of Mallory\'s death, and teams up with Carolyn Miller , who poses as Nicolae\'s top aide at GC headquarters. Together, they find Nicolae\'s secret plan of stealing bibles and lacing them with anthrax before distributing them. The GC block their escape, with Fitzhugh killing one of the guards in the process. Fitzhugh is recruited by Miller\'s ragtag military team to help take out Nicolae, which he participates in. As Fitzhugh enters the GC building and asks to see the president . Fitzhugh enters Nicolae\'s office, but Nicolae was already aware of Fitzhugh\'s assassination attempt and foils it. Fitzhugh tries to shoot Nicolae with three rounds, but isn\'t affected as they go through him and hit a guard instead. Nicolae turns on all of the TVs in his office revealing that World War III has begun, the screens shows footage of cities being destroyed, bombs being dropped  and a wave  destroying an aircraft carrier. Outside in the background of Nicolae\'s office, air raid sirens are blaring, explosions rise into the sky and machine guns and tank blasts are heard. Using supernatural techniques, Nicolae throws Fitzhugh out of a 20-story window, landing on top of a car. Nicolae goes over to the window to see, in disgust, Fitzhugh getting up and walking away. Nicolae then looks to the sky and say, "That\'s not humanly possible, is it?". Everyone is shocked when Fitzhugh returns to the militia base and informs them that the plan failed: Carolyn takes this the hardest. The underground Trib Force HQ is hit as World War III approaches. Bruce and Chloe are infected with the virulent bacteria, but in the end it is Chloe who survives when red wine, used in the communion they just took part of, is revealed to be the antidote. Buck meets Fitzhugh in a destroyed White House, where he helps the president become a Christian. Fitzhugh then confronts Nicolae where he activates a personal transmitter , hoping to obliterate the entire GC headquarters, and himself, with a missile locked onto the transmitter\'s location. The missile hits the GC building and Fitzhugh is killed in the explosion as the building collapses and dust flies from the bottom. Buck Williams then gets a call in the elevator from Chloe as she tells him about the wine and Bruce\'s death. Buck promises to come home from his trip soon as the elevator stops and the door opens to reveal an armed Carolyn. She lowers her weapon and Buck states that "we need to talk," implying that they had met before. Before the credits, what\'s left of the Global Community Building is burning down, police sirens are wailing in the background and explosions are still going on. Nicolae Carpathia walks out from the flames looking very mad, completely unharmed.'] ['In the prologue, the film depicts a panicky man who, for unknown reasons, murders his wife with a shotgun. The main storyline opens with Jack and Stephanie, a bickering young couple, who are lost while driving through the backwoods. We soon learn that they are on their way to meet a marriage counselor. After getting bad directions from a state trooper, the couple get into a car accident when they run over some spiked metal in the road, which Jack dismisses as discarded scrap metal; they find another car which has experienced the same fate, but the occupants are missing. Forced to proceed on foot, Jack and Stephanie find the gothic Wayside Inn, where they try to phone for help. At the inn, they meet the occupants of the other car, the engaged couple Leslie and Randy. Because the phones are inoperative, both couples are forced to spend the night at the inn, which is staffed only by the eccentric proprieter Betty, her creepy son Pete , and the gruff caretaker Stewart. After a tense dinner, in which personalities clash, the group is terrorized by a legendary local figure, the Tin Man. Armed with a shotgun, the Tin Man attempts to get into the Wayside Inn. The staff locks the Tin Man out, and he responds by giving them a message scrawled on the side of a tin can. The message declares that he will kill everyone in the house unless they give him one dead body by sunrise. The staff, blaming their guests for attracting the Tin Man\'s attention, attempts to lock them in the freezing meat locker, threatening to leave them there for weeks. A fight ensues, and the guests realize that there is a supernatural presence in the house when Betty is injured in the struggle and bleeds black fog. The couples escape the meat locker, but are unable to leave the house, which assaults them with terrifying visions involving their worst memories. For Jack and Stephanie, the visions involve their daughter, who died after falling through the ice in a skating accident. For Randy, the visions involve his abusive father. For Leslie, the visions involve an uncle named Pete, who sexually abused her when she was a little girl; these visions are intensified by the similar lusts of Pete who lives at the Wayside Inn. Confused by the visions, the four guests find themselves separated. Jack meets Susan, a young girl who has been held captive by the staff. Susan reminds Jack of his deceased daughter, especially after she claims to have been in contact with her spirit; Susan assures Jack, and later Stephanie, that their daughter is in a good place. Emotionally tormented by the visions, stalked by the homicidal Wayside staff, and under constant threat from the Tin Man, all four guests succumb to the various pressures and start to turn on each other. Shortly after, they discover that the staff worships the Devil, Jack is split into two identical people; both seem to think of themselves as the "real" Jack, yet both bleed black mist when injured, making it impossible for anyone to figure out which is the real Jack and which is the doppelganger. These couples almost escape when they are aided by Officer Lawdale , but they are recaptured when Lawdale turns out to be working with the Wayside staff. Lawdale and the Wayside staff try to force the couples to appease the Tin Man by choosing one of themselves to kill. Past tensions initially lead the viewer to believe that Randy will resolve the situation by killing Jack, but he instead turns the gun on Susan. Jack deflects the gun but Susan is hit. Desperate to appease the Tin Man, Leslie and Randy kill each other. Lawdale reveals that he is the Tin Man, and that he and the Wayside staffers are all manifestations of pure evil. Jack and Stephanie defeat their captors by channeling the energy of pure good that is flowing from Susan\'s dead body. Finally able to escape the inn, Jack and Stephanie trek back to their car, where they discover their unconscious bodies, as well as the dead bodies of Leslie and Randy; they realize that their entire experience at the inn was nothing more than a shared out of body experience. As Jack and Stephanie wake up and are taken away in an ambulance, they are watched over by a resurrected Susan, who observes that their love for each other has been reawakened by the events at the Wayside Inn. As the couple ride off in an ambulance, Jack looks out the window to see Lawdale laughing at him from the front gate of the Wayside, with the caretakers watching out of an upstairs window.'] ['A young Christian, Daniel  is in public high school. He feels as if his religion is placing too many restrictions on him and he wishes to have some freedom from biblical teachings so that he can be more popular and go out with the girl he likes. One night Daniel wishes that he had "never become a believer," and the next day he has a rude awakening. His room is different, his house is dirty, and an angel meets him and explains to him that the "Heavenly Father" answered his prayer and now his life is as if he never became a Christian. He soon finds out that the two bullies at school are now his best friends and at school he enjoys the fact that the girl he really liked now likes him too. But all is not well. He goes on to learn that his younger sister no longer exists because his parents got divorced years ago in his alternative life. He is also shocked when his mom prances off to go on a date with someone other than his father  The angel appears and points out his nice car which Daniel got by betting money on football games last year. Daniel says he has never gambled in his life but the angel points out that his life is different now and it is as if he had never been a believer. Daniel also thinks the whole thing a big prank and he does not believe the angel at all. That night \'Dan\' goes to a party which, as a Christian, he would not have attended because alcohol was served. While there, Daniel learns that Scotty Parks, a kid who he had helped convert to Christianity, had committed suicide weeks ago in this alternate reality because Daniel had not been there to talk with him about the Bible. Daniel also gets into some girl trouble and is framed by one of the girls which sends \'Bull,\' her boyfriend and a school tough-guy, in pursuit of Daniel. Daniel almost gets hit by a car but makes it to a church where he pounds on the doors, but because they are locked, Bull gets him cornered. But, right before \'Danny-Boy\' is pummeled he sees that his shirt has turned back to blue - what it was when he was a Christian, a day before. Bull holds out his hands caringly toward the cringing Daniel and asks him "What\'s wrong?" and said he saw Daniel banging on a church door in the night and stopped to see what was going on. Daniel says that he is OK and Bull soon leaves. The angel appears and asks Daniel if he still wished he was a non-believer. They have a conversation and Daniel sees that he really would rather be a Christian and not get into the mess his life became ever again. The next morning he is pleasantly surprised that his sister still lives and his dad is still home. He goes to school and is happy that even though he may not be popular with the \'in crowd,\' he was still making a bigger difference than he thought among his friends and others in school. After talking to Scotty, Dan turns back toward camera and says excitedly, "Hey Scotty ... Jesus, man!" as the credits roll.'] ['The film, a musical comedy,<ref namehttp://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/finance/2009/April/Teens-Produce-Anti-Tax-Film-Widows-Might-/ |titleApril 15, 2009 |publisherMay 19, 2012}} tells the story of an elderly widow battling the government to save her home from tax foreclosure, and of the families who help her.{{cite web}}'] ['Abram  lives in Haran, a rich city. His wife Sarah  is childless, and their only heir is Eliezer of Damascus. One day he hears the voice of God, who says that he must leave Haran and travel to an unknown land. God promises to make a great nation from him and renames him Abraham . The pattern for the plot is the Genesis chapters 11-25.'] ["Nine months after the death of his adoptive father, Jack Davenport, a Chicago journalist, obtains some of his possessions which lead Jack to discover his past. Jack receives an assignment to do a story in Dallas, Texas. Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater, Texas, his birthplace. One of the possessions left by his adoptive father was a mysterious photograph of Clearwater's oldest churches, taken in 1963. The church has a life-sized, wood carven nativity scene, that was carved by Joe Ottolman during the 1950s. He meets several townspeople along his search, such as Michael Curtis  Jimmy James, Clearwater's sheriff, the judge, and a maintenance worker at the church. Jack is told by the judge that releasing the identity of an adoptee's parents can cause suffering, as he points out that one adopted girl died three years earlier. Jack goes on to research the story of Joe Ottolman, who was in a car accident in 1945 that killed his wife, but his daughter survived. Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving. In 1963, Joe made the same mistake and was in a car accident again. His daughter Carmen Ana Ottolman, gave birth to a boy on December 24, 1963, but Carmen died two days later. Joe set his grandson up for adoption, then he disappeared from the presses and no one knew whether or not he was alive. Naomi, who helped Jack gather information from previous newspapers, tried to get Jack's birth records with the help of her friend, Venessa, who works there, but they are gone. When Jack finds this out, he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him. The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottolman was his mother. On his 40th birthday, Jack is still in shock of hearing this. He sleeps on the bench near the church, in front of the nativity scene. When the maintenance worker discovers him there, he brings him inside the church for some coffee. The maintenance worker then reveals himself to be Joe Ottolman, Jack's grandfather. That night, Jack's wife Megan arrives in Texas, and Jack tells her everything that happened. Megan reveals that they are going to be parents. On Christmas Night, the townspeople of Clearwater gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it. After this, Jack tells his grandfather that he is going to be a great-grandfather."] ['The film shows the life of a fictional Irish Catholic priest, Stephen Fermoyle, played by Tom Tryon, from his ordination in 1917 to his appointment as a cardinal on the eve of World War II. Fermoyle goes through one crisis after another, first in his own family and then as he climbs up the ladder of the church hierarchy back in his Boston parish and later in Rome within the Vatican. The film touches on various social issues such as interfaith marriage, sex outside of marriage, abortion, racial bigotry, the rise of fascism, and war.'] ["Patty is lying awake one night in a church basement, distraught and scared. She is to be executed the next morning for refusing to take the Mark of the Beast. Patty knows what lies ahead if she takes the mark but can still not believe in Christ. When those around her try to comfort her and encourage her to accept the Lord, she lashes out at them, too scared to think straight. They are able to calm her down, however, and learn her story of how she got to the point she is at tonight.... A horrified Patty has just learned that her husband and millions of others have disappeared in the Rapture, an event she has heard of, but never believed in - until now. Patty desperately seeks to find her friends and family members but most have disappeared. Patty and two of her friends, Wenda Johnson and her sister Sandy, hide out at Patty's grandmother's and watch devastating world events unfold. Drought, famine, and earthquakes become the norm and Patty and her two friends barely manage to eke out an existence. The three manage to survive with the help of Patty's friends Jerry and Diane , who sneak them food supplies. Even through all these circumstances, Patty refuses to put faith in God, instead blaming God for all the terrible things that have happened to her. As time goes on, Patty and her friends' livelihood becomes more and more desperate as UNITE, the worldwide government, seeks to destroy those who will not take the mark of the beast. Somehow, they manage to hang on until a supposed friend betrays them to UNITE and they are taken to the church to await their sentencing.... It is now the morning of Patty's execution and she still cannot make up her mind. At one point she almost decides to accept Christ, until she is faced with the guillotine and she learns the surprising identity of her betrayer. This is too much for Patty and she can do nothing more now than scream with fright as her own execution draws near."] ['Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.'] ['It\'s a week after the rapture and the millions of people who vanished into thin air are still missing. Chaos rules the world as panic and grief-stricken survivors continue to search for their lost loved-ones. Suicide rates are skyrocketing, businesses and homes are being looted, and martial law is in effect. A desperate world looks to the leadership and guidance of UN Secretary General Nicolae Carpathia, the only person offering any answers, hope, and plans to restore peace and order. While Carpathia has the world\'s adoration and trust, he is seemingly unaware of a small group of rebels spreading the truth that he is in fact the Antichrist. Buck Williams  is a highly respected television journalist who has seen firsthand Carpathia\'s manipulative and deadly powers. His position allows him special access to a global audience through the media and to Carpathia himself. Airline pilot Rayford Steele ([[Brad Johnson  and his 20-year-old daughter, Chloe , make up the rest of this group. Ray is still struggling to come to grips with the loss of his wife and son, but his recent salvation and friendship with Pastor Barnes have brought him back to the church and closer to his feisty daughter. Ivy Gold, Buck\'s assistant from the first movie, comes into the GNN headquarters and they go to Buck\'s apartment so they can work on the story of the vanishings. As the Tribulation Force struggles to open the eyes of the world to the truth, Global events get even stranger when word leaks out that three men have mysteriously burned to death at one of the holiest sites in Israel: the Western Wall. At the same time, Rabbi Ben Judah, one of the leading religious scholars of his time, plans to make a world-altering announcement based on years of research. Pastor Barnes believes both events are linked to Carpathia, signaling the oncoming terror of The Tribulation. He acts quickly by getting Ray and Buck to embark on a dangerous mission to infiltrate Carpathia\'s organization. They must get to Ben Judah before he makes his announcement. Buck is going to the Wailing Wall to get the witness on tape, but Steve Plank tries to talk him out of it. Bruce wants Rayford to join Carpathia\'s staff as the pilot of the new plane that the US government gave to Nicolae. Rayford initially turns down the mission. Rayford, while grieving about his family, receives a call from Chris . He goes to Chris\' apartment, and saves Chris\' life and soul because Chris wanted to commit suicide. Rayford then accepts Bruce\'s mission, to spy on Nicolae. Chloe is concerned for Buck and Rayford, but Buck starts to care for Chloe. Rayford then heads to Hattie to try and fly the plane. Initially, Hattie is suspicious of Rayford , but Rayford convinces her that he is the right man for the job. Meanwhile, Chloe goes to Bruce and asks about relationships during this time of chaos. She then goes to Buck\'s apartment where she sees Ivy Gold, Buck\'s assistant. Ivy blows Chloe off, thinking that she is just some star-struck fan of Buck\'s. Buck tries to call the Steele\'s house, but Chloe doesn\'t want to chat with him. When Rayford finally picks up the phone, he uses a bit of deception to have Buck meet with Chloe. When Buck leaves his apartment, he is taken to the roof of his building where he has a meeting with Nicolae. Buck is granted access to the Wailing Wall, and he goes to meet with Chloe. Chloe first blows him off, but some deception from Rayford gets them to talk. Buck and Chloe make up and start a relationship. Rayford and Buck then leave for Israel. Meanwhile, Ivy starts to visit Chloe at the church, initially to apologize for her behavior, and then later because she starts to become friends with Chloe and Bruce. Nicolae then ups the security at the Wailing Wall; and, with the help of Steve Plank, they create a "One World" religion. At the airport before leaving for Israel, Buck and Chloe share some time together. Rayford tells Chloe that he will watch over Buck. On the airplane, Rayford attempts to find some solid evidence about Nicolae. He finds some information on a computer pertaining to Rabbi Ben-Judah. While obtaining the evidence, Nicolae comes in and congratulates Rayford on being the pilot. As Rayford hands Nicolae their ETA, he sees a vision that disturbs him. When on the ground in Israel, Rayford shows the email he downloaded from Nicolae\'s computer to Buck. They realize that the conversation about Ben-Judah was about the speech he was going to give. Steve and Nicolae changed the speech because Ben-Judah was going to announce Jesus as the Son of God. Instead, because of the new changes, Ben-Judah is going to announce Nicolae as the Messiah. Buck goes to meet Rabbi Tsion Ben-Judah. He asks the Rabbi to come and discredit the witnesses, and prove that Nicolae is the messiah. He agrees. Nicolae puts added security on the wall, and Rayford and Buck pray to God to help the get message out. They go to the Wailing Wall to meet the two witnesses. Rayford distracts the guards  and Buck and Ben-Judah slip through to confront the two men. Ben-Judah chats with the two men and learn about Jesus. They are attacked by UN guards and the two witnesses breathe fire at their attackers and they die. During the broadcast, Nicolae cuts the feed right in the middle of the Ben-Judah/Two Witnesses confrontation. Buck then learns that the broadcast got cut and Ben-Judah ran off. Ivy comes to the church to give Chloe some food, and witnesses Chloe ministering to a severely burned fireman who then passes away. Ivy hugs Chloe, and states that the fireman was at peace. Chloe remarks that he found God. Nicolae comes to the Temple Mount and speaks to the masses. Rabbi Ben-Judah then comes to the Temple Mount and starts giving his speech. Nicolae, along with his advisors, watch the broadcast. Rayford, in the cockpit, asks the copilot to take over. He then goes out and pulls the fuse to stop Nicolae from ruining the broadcast. Rabbi Ben-Judah then gives the speech about Jesus being the messiah, and how he needs to be forgiven. Nicolae then orders the broadcast to be cut. In Chicago; Ivy, Chloe and Bruce are watching, with Ivy crying. When the broadcast is cut, Ivy is stunned but Chloe leads her to Jesus with Bruce praying with them. In Israel, Ben-Judah\'s announcement leaves the crowd mixed. Buck asks Ben-Judah if he will be ok, Ben-Judah states that Buck helped millions learn the truth. Back in the cockpit of the airplane, Rayford hangs up pictures of his wife and son. He is finally at peace about their disappearing. Carpathia, filled with rage, tells God that it is his time to rule the Earth. Back in Chicago at the New Hope church, Bruce is leading worship. Ivy, Chris, Rayford and Chloe are singing a hymn  when Buck enters. Buck hugs everyone as they continue to sing.'] [" 1,300&nbsp;years after the Pevensie siblings left Narnia, a Telmarine prince, Caspian, is awakened by his mentor Doctor Cornelius, informing him that his aunt, Prunaprismia, has given birth to a son and Caspian's life is endangered. Cornelius gives him Queen Susan's ancient magical horn, instructing him to blow it only at his greatest need. Knowing that his uncle, Miraz, would kill him to steal the kingship, Caspian flees. Pursued into the woods, Caspian hits a branch and falls off his horse. He is rescued by two Narnian dwarfs, Trumpkin and Nikabrik, and a talking badger named Trufflehunter. While Trumpkin acts as a decoy, Nikabrik saves Caspian. Confused, Caspian blows the horn to summon help. In England, one year has passed since the Pevensie children returned from Narnia. On their route to their boarding school, the London Underground station they are in collapses, and the Pevensies are transported to Narnia. They discover the ruins of Cair Paravel and realize it was attacked. In the Telmarine castle, the lords of the council learn that Prince Caspian is gone. Lord Sopespian blames Miraz, but Miraz blames the Narnians and tells the lords to fight them to get Caspian back, though Miraz actually intends to kill Caspian. The Pevensies save Trumpkin from being drowned by two Telmarines; he quickly realizes that the four children are the Kings and Queens of Old and they continue on together. On the way, Lucy glimpses Aslan and tries to convince the others that she has seen him, but only Edmund believes her. Nikabrik and Trufflehunter lead Caspian to the Dancing Lawn, where the old Narnians have assembled. Caspian convinces them to help him win his throne so he can return their land. Caspian and the Narnians steal weapons from the Telmarines. They also encounter the Pevensies and Trumpkin; they all journey to Aslan's How, a huge barrow built over the Stone Table. Peter decides they will preemptively attack Miraz's castle. Lucy suggests waiting for Aslan to return, but Peter thinks they have waited long enough. The Narnians raid Miraz’s castle, but Peter calls a retreat when they are overwhelmed by Telmarine soldiers. Peter, Susan, Edmund, Caspian, and half of the Narnians manage to escape, but the rest are slaughtered. When they return to Aslan's How, Peter and Caspian argue about the attack on the castle. Back at the castle, Miraz is crowned King of Narnia. Nikabrik, with the aid of a hag and a werewolf, tells Caspian that they can help him claim his throne and guarantee Miraz's death. The hag uses black sorcery to summon Jadis, the White Witch. From inside a wall of ice, the White Witch tries to convince Caspian to free her with a drop of blood. Peter, Edmund, Lucy and Trumpkin arrive. Edmund kills the werewolf and Trumpkin stabs Nikabrik just as he is about to kill Lucy. Peter kills the hag and then, seeing Caspian being manipulated by the White Witch, knocks him down and faces the White Witch. She tries to convince Peter to release her. Before he can do anything, Edmund shatters the ice, destroying the White Witch. As Miraz and his army arrive at Aslan's How, Caspian suggests Peter and Miraz duel one-on-one under the condition of surrender, to buy Lucy and Susan time to find Aslan. Miraz agrees to the duel, not wanting to look like a coward in front of his men. The girls are spotted by Telmarine soldiers, so Susan sends Lucy off alone, remaining behind to face the soldiers. A soldier on a horse runs into her, knocking her down. She is rescued by Caspian and they return to the battle. After a fierce fight, Peter defeats Miraz, but gives his sword to Caspian to finish him off. Caspian spares Miraz's life but says that he will give Narnia back to its people. Sopespian suddenly kills Miraz with one of Susan's arrows and accuses the Narnians of shooting Miraz, leading to a battle between the Telmarines and the Narnians, with the Telmarines gradually winning. Lucy finds Aslan in the woods and he awakens the trees. The battle turns as the trees attack the Telmarines. Lord Sopespian orders retreat to a bridge, where they are confronted by Lucy and Aslan. Aslan summons the river god, who destroys the bridge, killing Sopespian. The battle is won with the surviving Telmarine soldiers surrendering. Before the Pevensies depart Narnia, Peter and Susan are told by Aslan that they have gained everything they could from their experiences in Narnia and will never return. Caspian invites the Telmarines to remain in Narnia if they will coexist peacefully with the Narnians; but if they wish, they can return to the human world, from whence they originally hailed. Some agree to do so, and Aslan creates a portal for them and the four Pevensies. Susan kisses Caspian, knowing they will never meet again. The Pevensies return to England, leaving Caspian as King of Narnia."] ["The One Lamb is the story of Jackson Price  who is diagnosed with cancer, and determined to atone for the sins of his past. He once had everything going his way, but in a moment of weakness he lost everything. He was abandoned by his wife, learns he is dying of cancer, and may not live long. But he's determined to fight, and with a little help from a pastor named Earl , he tries to achieve redemption for his past failures while hoping and praying for a happy, healthy future."] ["Despite its epic scale, the Moses story only takes up about the first third of the film. After that, the story changes to a modern setting involving living by the lessons of the commandments. Two brothers make opposite decisions, one, John, to follow his mother's teaching of the ten commandments and become a poor carpenter, and the other, Danny, to break every one of them and rise to the top. The film shows his unchecked immorality to be momentarily gainful, but ultimately disastrous. A thoughtful contrast is made between the carpenter brother and his mother. The mother reads the story of Moses and emphasizes strict obedience and fear of God. The carpenter, however, reads from the New Testament story of Jesus' healing of lepers. His emphasis is on a loving and forgiving God. The film also shows the mother's strict lawful morality to be flawed in comparison to her son's version. Danny becomes a corrupt contractor who builds a church with shoddy concrete, pocketing the money saved and becoming very rich. One day, his mother comes to visit him at his work site, but the walls are becoming unstable due to the shaking of heavy trucks on nearby roads. One of the walls collapses on top of the mother, killing her. In her dying breath, she tells Danny that it is her fault for teaching him to fear God, when she should have taught him love. This sends Danny on a downward spiral as he attempts to right his wrongs and clear his conscience, but he only gets into more trouble. To make money, he steals pearls from his mistress, and when she fights back, he kills her. He attempts to flee to Mexico on a motorboat, but rough weather sends him off course and he crashes into a rocky island, where he is presumably killed. Throughout the film, the visual motif of the tablets of the commandments appears in the sets, with a particular commandment appearing on them when it is relevant to the story."] ['The film begins with a clip from the previous film, showing its central characters Marcellus and Diana going to be martyred for their Christian beliefs on the order of the Emperor Caligula. Before being executed, Diana hands the robe to Marcellus\' servant Marcipor, telling him that it is "for the Big Fisherman," meaning Peter, who was a fisherman before being called as an apostle. Peter hands the robe to Demetrius while at the funeral of Marcellus and Diana before leaving on a journey to live in \'the north\'. Caligula becomes interested in the robe, thinking that it is has magic powers and will bring him the \'eternal life\' that Jesus had spoken of. He accosts his uncle Claudius, wanting to know what had happened to it. Demetrius, looking out for his Lucia and the robe and refusing to reveal its location, is arrested for assaulting a Roman soldier, and sentenced to the arena. Meanwhile, Lucia disguises herself to gain entrance to the gladiator school to see Demetrius. However, the two are forcibly separated on orders of Messalina, Claudius\' wife. Lucia is then assaulted by Dardanius and the other gladiators, forcibly kissing her and trying to carry her to private chambers. Demetrius in desperation prays for God to save her, and suddenly it appears that Dardanius has broken Lucia\'s neck. All present are shocked at Lucia\'s apparent death, especially Demetrius, and he loses all his faith in the god of Jesus Christ. Previously, he had refused to avoided killing anyone in the Emperor\'s games, because of his religion, but all that now changes. His next time in the arena, not only does he fight, but he ferociously kills all the gladiators that took part in the attack on Lucia. The Roman spectators, including the Emperor, are thrilled. Demetrius is freed, and allowed to join the Praetorian Guard. Caligula asks if Demetrius renounces Christ; he does, and once Demetrius does this, Caligula frees him and inducts him into the guard with the rank of Tribune. As a Tribune, Demetrius rejects the teachings of Christ , beginning an affair with Messalina. When Peter comes to visit them, he turns him away too. The affair continues for several months, and eventually Caligula finds out about it. Demetrius takes the robe to the Emperor, who takes the robe down below to a prisoner. He has the prisoner killed, and tries to resurrect him. Furious that he cannot, Caligula accuses Demetrius of having brought him a fake, and that both the robe and Christ are frauds. Demetrius is taken back to the arena. When the Emperor tries to have Demetrius executed, the Praetorian Guard  finally turns against Caligula and kills first Macro, the prefect of the Praetorian Guard, then Caligula. Claudius is installed as Emperor by the Praetorian Guard almost immediately after Caligula is killed. Demetrius is taken to a small house, where he is surprised to find Lucia\'s body, lying on a bed. He finds out that she never had died, after all, but that when he prayed for God to save her, her sudden coma had accomplished her rescue. Now, months later, she is still unconscious. Demetrius realizes he has made a mistake, prays to the Christian God after placing the robe on Lucia\'s body, and she wakes up. Soon after his installation, Claudius says that he is neither a god, nor would he likely become one anytime soon. Claudius says that he maintained the appearance of being weak to survive Caligula\'s rule, and that he would now take on the role of Emperor to the best of his ability. He gives Demetrius his final orders as a Tribune, to go to Peter and the other Christians, and tell them that as long as they do not act against the Empire that they have nothing to fear from Claudius. Messalina re-vows her constancy to her husband. Demetrius and Glycon  take the robe to Peter, and they leave the Imperial palace together.'] ["Missie's  surprise discovery - her pregnancy - sets her on a new course that's at once thrilling and terrifying. After all the planning and dreaming, she and her husband, Willie , have headed west in a covered wagon, leaving behind the prairie home of Missie's parents. Later on they meet Jeff Huff and his older brother Sonny. They later make new friends and spend Christmas together. Now, caught between the excitement of the new adventure and the pain of not knowing when she'll see her family again, Missie copes with the challenges and cherishes the rewards of her new homestead. Missie and Willie LaHaye travel west to Tettsford Junction. Missie is afraid to tell Willie of her pregnancy. When they arrive on their new homestead, it is nothing like what Missie pictured. She meets an Indian woman who becomes her friend, and while praying with her friends she and her friends are tied to the fence and held at gun point by thieves and Missie is forced to show one of the thieves where she put their money but Jeff finds out that Sonny has been a thief all along. Sonny is shot and later dies. That night Missie goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy named Matthew ."] ["The story is set in 411 AD, one year after the legions of Rome withdrew from the Isle of Britannia. Pendragon is the story of young Artos who is raised to believe that God has a purpose for his life. After a tragic event resulting in the burning of his village, the death of his father, and the disappearance of his little sister Adria, he is taken into slavery by the Saxons, where Artos begins to question his God. He soon manages to escape from the Saxons and is nursed back to health by a Roman outcast named Ambrosius. When he fully recovers, Artos travels to a Celtic fortress hidden in the Welsh mountains where he becomes a great warrior. Advancing through the military ranks, Artos begins to understand that his father's vision was not based on the strength of man, but on the plan of God. Further events force Artos to decide between following God's plan unto certain death or abandoning God to save himself."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Cardinal Wolsey summoning Sir Thomas More to his palace at Hampton Court. Desiring his support in obtaining a divorce from the Pope so that Henry VIII of England can marry Anne Boleyn, Wolsey chastises More for being the only member of the Privy Council to argue against him. When More states that the Pope will never grant a divorce, he is scandalised by Wolsey\'s suggestion that they apply "pressure" in order to force the issue. More refuses to support continued efforts to secure an annulment for Henry VIII from the Pope as legal and religious options having been exhausted, provide no grounds for the Pope to issue an annulment. Returning by a River Thames ferry to his home at Chelsea, More finds Richard Rich, a young acquaintance from Cambridge waiting by the dock for his return. An ambitious young man, who is drawn to the allure of power, Rich pleads with More for a position at Court, but More, citing the various corruptions there, advises him to become a teacher instead. Entering the house, More finds his daughter Meg with a young Lutheran named William Roper, who announces his desire to marry her. More, a devout Catholic, announces that his answer is "no" as long as Roper remains a heretic. Shortly afterwards, Wolsey dies, banished from Court in disgrace, having failed to coerce a divorce from the Pope. King Henry appoints More as Lord Chancellor of England. Soon after, the King makes an "impromptu" visit by barge at More\'s home in Chelsea to inquire about his divorce. Sir Thomas, not wishing to admit that his conscience forbids him to dissolve what he considers a valid marriage, remains unmoved as the King alternates thinly-veiled threats with promises of unbounded Royal favour. When More finally refers to Catherine as "the Queen," the King explodes into a raging tantrum. Storming off in a huff, King Henry returns to his barge and orders the oarsmen to cast off. His courtiers are left to run through the mud and into the river to catch up as the King laughs hysterically at their predicament. At the embankment, Rich is approached by Thomas Cromwell, a member of Henry\'s court and political adversary of More. Cromwell subtly inquires whether Rich has information that could damage More\'s reputation, in exchange for a position at Court. Roper, learning of More\'s quarrel with the King, reveals that his religious opinions have altered considerably. He declares that by attacking the Catholic Church, the King has become "the Devil\'s minister." An alarmed More admonishes him to be more guarded as Rich arrives, pleading again for a position at Court. When More again refuses, Rich denounces More\'s steward as a spy for Cromwell. Now, More and his family, including wife Alice learn the ugly truth: Rich is being manipulated by Cromwell to spy on him. As a humiliated Rich leaves, More\'s family pleads with him to have Rich arrested. More refuses, stating that Rich, while dangerous, has broken no law. Still seeking a position at Court, Rich enlists Cromwell\'s patronage and joins him in attempting to bring down More. Henry, tired of awaiting for an annulment from the Vatican, redefines the Catholic Church in England by declaring himself "Supreme Head of the Church in England." He demands that both the bishops and Parliament renounce all allegiance to the Holy See. More quietly resigns his post as Chancellor rather than accept the new order. As he does so, his close friend, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, attempts to draw his opinions out as part of a friendly chat with no witnesses present. More, however, knows that the time for speaking openly of such matters is over. The King will not be appeased. It is suggested that More attend his wedding to Anne Boleyn. More declines and is summoned again to Hampton Court, now occupied by Cromwell. More is interrogated on his opinions but refuses to answer, citing it as his right under English Law. Cromwell angrily declares that the King now views him as a traitor. More returns home and is met by his daughter. Meg informs him that a new oath about the marriage is being circulated and that all must take it on pain of high treason. Initially, More says he would be willing to take the oath, provided it does not conflict with his principles. One issue for More is that the King cannot declare himself to be the head of the Catholic Church as the head of the Catholic Church is the Pope. However, an expert in the law, More knows that if he does not state why he is opposed to taking the oath, he cannot be considered a traitor to the King; More refuses to take the oath and is imprisoned in the Tower of London regardless. In spite of the bullying tactics of Cromwell, the subtle manipulation of Archbishop Thomas Cranmer and the pleadings of both Norfolk and his family, More remains steadfast in his refusal to take the oath. When he is finally brought to trial, he remains silent until after being convicted of treason on the perjured testimony of Richard Rich. He is then informed that Rich had been appointed as Attorney General for Wales as a reward. Now having nothing left to lose, More angrily denounces the illegal nature of the King\'s actions, citing the Biblical basis for the authority of the Papacy over Christendom. He further declares that the immunity of the Church from State interference is guaranteed both in Magna Carta and in the King\'s own Coronation Oath. As the spectators scream in protest, More is condemned to death. A narrator intones the epilogue. :Thomas More\'s head was stuck on Traitor\'s Gate for a month. Then his daughter, Margaret, removed it and kept it \'til her death. Cromwell was beheaded for high treason five years after More. The Archbishop was burned at the stake. The Duke of Norfolk should have been executed for high treason but the King died of syphilis the night before. Richard Rich became Chancellor of England and died in his bed.'] ['Narrator John Wiggin begins the film with a scholarly overview of the place and time of the life of Martin Luther. He points out that power is divided between the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire and the Roman Catholic Church. To set the stage for the presentation of Luther\'s conflict with the church of his day he states, "the church had largely forgotten the mercies of God; and, instead, it emphasized God\'s implacable judgments." Since he will soon be entering the Augustinian cloister Martin Luther holds a "going away" party at a local public house with his fellow law students. Conspicuous among his guests is George Spalatin, who provides an inquiring interest into Luther\'s motivation to leave the study of law. Luther\'s entrance into monastic life is then portrayed. He does not find the spiritual peace he sought even though he follows a strict regimen of ascetic piety to the point of flagellating himself half to death. He is shown in sheer terror at the celebration of his first mass as a newly ordained priest. After he struggles through his first mass he confesses to his mentor, Vicar General Johann von Staupitz that he cannot love God. Subsequently, the dour-faced prior proposes expelling Luther from the order because of his restless mind, but Staupitz believes that rigorous theological study and a pilgrimage embassy to Rome will help the troubled young monk. After he had returned from Rome, just after completing a prayer office, Luther expresses his opinion to his fellow monks that the common people could more easily find God to be merciful if they had the Holy Scriptures in their vernacular language. He is then confronted and scolded by his stern prior. Then while studying in the Erfurt university library Luther is met by George Spalatin, who had also left the study of the law for a vocation in the church: in his case to serve Frederick III, Elector of Saxony. Spalatin renews his interest in Luther\'s quest, "Have you found what you were looking for?" Luther responds, "Not yet." Spalatin then recommends Luther to the Elector as a preacher at the castle church and professor of biblical studies at the newly founded University of Wittenberg. Luther is then shown baptizing an infant in the castle church. At Wittenberg Luther receives his degree of Doctor of Theology when he promises to be a faithful teacher in the church; however, he has difficulty in accepting the practice even there in Wittenberg of collecting and showcasing relics. The film presents Luther as having undergone his "reformatory discovery" through his study of the Epistle to the Romans for his lectures on this biblical book. He tells his mentor Staupitz that one only need have faith in Jesus Christ for salvation. Staupitz leaves unpersuaded, but Luther writes the word "sola"  in the margin of his Latin Bible to show his firm persuasion in the doctrine of justification by faith alone. A few years go by. It is now 1517, and in Rome Pope Leo X arranges with Archbishop Albert to promulgate in Germany a special jubilee indulgence. Johann Tetzel is the main preacher of this indulgence, and his pitch is presented in public with the beating of drums. That same evening Martin Luther comes across one of his parishioners in a drunken stupor with the conviction that he does not need to go to confession anymore because he has bought one of Tetzel\'s indulgences. Luther then preaches against what he believes to be the abuse of indulgences with the appeal, "Beloved, you cannot buy God\'s mercy." He then also posts his The Ninety-Five Theses on the door of the castle church, which does not seem to arouse any attention until his theses are copied down, translated, and printed for all of Germany to read, hear, and comment about. Tetzel finds that his sales of indulgences have fallen off, which moves Archbishop Albert of Mainz to send a copy of Luther\'s theses to the pope. In 1519 Andreas Karlstadt tells Luther and newly installed professor Philipp Melanchthon of his being invited to Leipzig to debate what he calls "our theses." To Karlstadt\'s disappointment Luther invites himself and Melanchthon along. When they arrive in Lepzig, they see that there is a movement afoot to link Luther with Jan Hus in order to brand him as a heretic. Luther debates Johann Eck, who shouts, "Heresy, Dr. Luther, Heresy!" with Luther responding, "So be it! It is still the truth!" After the debate at which he was present Staupitz releases Luther from his vows as an Augustinian monk when Luther refuses to stop promoting his doctrine. The pope is furious with Luther\'s publications of 1520 , so he issues his bull Exsurge Domine threatening Luther with excommunication. It too is disseminated in as public a manner as Luther\'s Ninety-five Theses, but Luther responds by burning it on the deadline demanded for his retraction. Cardinal Aleander goes to Elector Frederick to demand that he hand Luther over to the pope. It is there that the film has him meet Desiderius Erasmus, who seems to trivialize the matter. The Elector says that Luther will appear at the upcoming Diet of Worms. At Worms Luther is surprised by the procedure instigated by Aleander of simply asking him if he acknowledges his printed writings and whether he is willing to retract any of his assertions in those writings. Luther asks for time and is given until the next day. Then he gives his answer that he will not recant, ending with, "Here I stand. I can do no other. God help me. Amen." Emperor Charles V angrily promulgates his Edict of Worms outlawing Luther and giving him twenty-one days to return to Wittenberg. Elector Frederick, spurned by the emperor, has Luther quietly abducted to his stronghold of the Wartburg near Eisenach where for almost a year Luther stays in hiding. It is here that he translates the New Testament into German. He has a retainer of the Elector read a portion of John 6 to show that "a German lark can sing as sweetly as any Greek or Latin nightingale." Luther\'s exile is brought to a close with Karlstadt\'s revolutionary uprising in Wittenberg and the Electorate of Saxony, which causes churches to be desecrated. Luther preaches his "how dare you"  sermons to restore order to his troubled congregation. In the course of the film Luther is shown marrying a former nun Katharina von Bora to the delight of his father, who is shown attending the wedding. Luther and Kathie\'s family room is the scene of Luther holding instructions from his catechism. He is dismayed that he cannot join his fellow reformers in Augsburg as they appear before the diet there in 1530. There the Augsburg Confession is courageously presented to the emperor followed in the film by the pealing of bells, and Luther offering a prayer of thanksgiving to God for his faithfulness to his generation. The film ends with the people of his congregation, young and old, rich and poor alike, singing to him his hymn A Mighty Fortress Is Our God in its isometric tune.'] ['The film is set in the end-times, when the earth has been taken over, and the mark of the Beast - an implant in the right hand or forehead - is being imposed upon the global population . Those who take the mark become part of \'The Community\'; those who refuse to bear the mark are imprisoned and, after three weeks, beheaded. Two non-Christian renegades  steal a car for a friend who has also refused to bear the mark. They find out when they arrive at his place that he has chosen to mark it, and "feels so much happier". The renegade two are caught by police, and taken to prison. Tom Newman , a smuggler, is also captured by a police unit, led by his ex-wife, who has taken the mark. He is tortured until he agrees to infiltrate a Christian group in prison in order to kill Elijah Cohen, a Christian leader who remains at large. Tom and the other two renegades meet in prison, and try to escape.'] ['When his rich grandad, Howard "Red" Stevens  died, Jason  thought he was going to inherit a piece of the old man\'s multi-billion dollar estate, but it came with a condition. In order to get his share of the willed inheritance, Jason must complete 12 separate assignments within a year. Each assignment is centered around a "gift". Gifts of money, friends and learning are among the dozen that Jason must perform before he is eligible for the mysterious "Ultimate Gift" his grandfather\'s will has for him. Throughout his trials and tribulations, the family attorney, Mr. Hamilton , and his secretary Miss Hastings  attempt to guide Jason along the path his grandfather wishes him to travel. However, the problem they have is that Jason has lived leisurely using his grandfather\'s money as an under-achiever who has never had to genuinely work, and who believes through a young adulthood of loneliness that money is the only pathway to making life decent. For instance, to carry out the first task he has to fly to Texas, and naturally assumes he has a first-class seat, and is annoyed when he discovers he has a coach class seat, complaining to the steward "Don\'t you know who I am?" On his return after completing the first task in Texas, everything he values is suddenly taken away from him - luxury apartment, his restored muscle car  and money - and he is left homeless. His trendy girlfriend, Caitlin , ditches him when his credit card is rejected at a fancy restaurant and she is mortified when he asks her if she could pay the bill. After his mother tells her son she cannot give him help as part of the agreement, Jason miserably finds himself being ejected from private property he wishes to rest on, and wanders the city for the first time truly alone. It is while sleeping in a park that he encounters a woman, Alexia , and her extrovert daughter Emily  - a side story that was not in the novel. Jason befriends the two but then tells them that he needs them to come along to the attorney\'s office and confirm themselves as his "good friends" in order to pass the "gift of friends" assignment. Alexia and Emily still believe that Jason is very self-centred person, and not anyone they want to have as a friend. However, it is then that Jason discovers by accident that Emily is suffering from leukemia, and sees this family as a chance to develop a strong bond with someone. Indeed, the emergence of his "true" self is the key theme of the film. From that point onwards he tries as best he can to help Emily to have a great life while it lasts. Emily also engineers and encourages a romance between Jason and her mother. Also, as Jason works through the twelve gifts in twelve months, he comes to see his grandfather as more than a dead billionaire who he believes disliked him. After Jason has completed his twelve tasks, he is given a sum of $100,000,000 to do with whatever he pleases and all of his property is returned to him. His former girlfriend, knowing that he has regained his wealth, makes an attempt to win him back merely with the offer of sex, but he disgustedly walks out on her. With his inheritance, Jason chooses to build a hospital, called Emily\'s Home , for patients with deadly diseases and their families, which also includes a church . But then before the building begins Emily dies. Alexia and Jason pray for her at the chapel. After the groundbreaking for Emily\'s Home, he is brought back to the law firm for one more meeting. He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final "gift" of $2,000,000,000, rewarding Jason not only for his completing the tasks, but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones. That night, Jason is seen sitting on a bench in the park, when Alexia joins him. He thanks her for her help that she and her daughter gave him. They then kiss and a butterfly, representing Emily, is shown flying around them.'] ["The Last Sin Eater is a story that takes place in 1850s Appalachia in a settlement community of Welsh Americans. Ten-year-old Cadi's grief over the death of her beloved grandmother, the only person who seemed to love her unconditionally, is compounded by a previous family tragedy for which she believes her family blames her. During her grandmother's funeral rites, Cadi sees the face of the village sin-eater, a person who absolves the deceased, at death, of their sins in this tiny Smoky Mountain community. About the same time, a preacher comes to the isolated valley and camps outside the village. Through dialogue with the holy man, the young girl slowly realizes that the sin eater is false and learns of Jesus and Christianity. Cadi's baptism leads to a reconciliation with her family. But Cadi's new found faith leads to tragedy and confrontation as the close-knit community must finally face the horrific secret on which their village was founded."] ["Mostly the same as the original biblical story, but with notable differences such as, once again, the expanded role of Delilah , the introduction of the garrison commander  who is friends with Samson , more focus upon Samson's relationship with his first wife, a different handling of the 30 garments bet, and, perhaps the most crucial alteration is to the climax. In the original story, maintained in the 1949 film and the 1996 TV remake, is that Samson only regains his strength after his hair has grown long again, thus allowing him to tear down the Philistine temple. Here, however, Samson is taken to the Philistine temple just after his hair has been cut short, and he prays to God to restore his immense strength despite his short hair, and God complies, allowing Samson enough strength to tear down the stone pillars, thus destroying the temple. Unlike the 1949 and 1996 adaptations, Delilah survives to mourn Samson alongside his followers."] ['Martha and Jed Richards live in Oregon in 1862. They and their two daughters moved there to make a new life, but the daughters died of cholera along the way. This has left Martha an emotional wreck, and she is unable to move on with her life. That is until an orphan named Danny comes to live with them. Jed immediately accepts Danny as his son, but Martha is still too upset to be able to love him. As time passes, however, she finds herself more and more able to accept him as part of the family.'] ['This is the 136-minute chronicle of a Scottish priest , who is assigned a mission in China, the story spanning sixty years from 1878 to 1938.'] ['{{plot|datenote>Stone is shown as having accepted a lesser position with the European Union in 1976. This is an anachronism, as the European Union was not established until 17 years later .  and uses his seat of power to dissolve the United Nations and create a one world government called the World Union. To consolidate his power, Stone pressures the President of the United States Richard Benson  to join his global community.In the movie’s dialogue, the United States is sometimes equated with "the North American Zone"; however, a stylized world map appears to show all of North America as a single zone, and Mexico is portrayed in the film as a country distinct from the United States. Stone summons Benson to meet with him in Rome. Prior to departing for Italy, President Benson orders the U.S. Navy\'s Sixth Fleet to take up position off of the coast of Italy in the event of an emergency. Accompanying the president on his flight to Italy is David Alexander , who is now the Vice President of the United States and his military aide, U.S. Marine Colonel Rick Howard. During an informal meeting on Air Force One, David and Col. Howard warn the president to keep his distance from Stone. This is due to a CIA report, which indicates that over 200 people who had opposed Stone in the past had died under questionable circumstances. Unfortunately, Benson fails to grasp just how ruthless Stone really is; Stone kills him with a heart attack. David then becomes the President. Much to Stone\'s disappointment, his brother also refuses to join his New World Order. David\'s Secretary of State Breckenridge; however, wants the United States to join the global community aligned with Stone. After failing to convince David to fall in to line with the World Union, he publicizes a doctored video of David murdering his father. In reality, it was Stone who did it. Breckenridge orders the FBI to arrest the president. After a heated exchange of gunfire, the president escapes by helicopter to Norfolk Naval Base where the U.S. Navy brass provides him with transport to the Sixth Fleet on an amphibious assault ship. After arriving, David orders a raid on Stone\'s castle headquarters in Rome using U.S. Army Rangers and AH-64 Apache helicopter gunships; however, he discovers that Stone is no longer there. He is already in Israel. Following the raid, Colonel Howard receives word that Breckenridge is sending U.S. troops to Israel to join Stone\'s military coalition, which is on the plains of Megiddo planning a strike on Jerusalem. Following the special operations raid in Rome, David and Colonel Howard move quietly to join with U.S. forces already in Israel. Unknown to Stone, the Mexicans, Chinese, and Americans are really there to destroy Stone and his army. David attempts to kill Stone himself but is soon captured. Later, Stone\'s triumphant air is shattered as Chinese tanks open fire upon his European troops from one side and the U.S. and the Mexicans on the other. Shortly afterwards, Stone\'s troops are hit by air strikes as well. Taken completely by surprise, Stone\'s forces are quickly overrun. Stone instructs all his forces to fight to the death from the headquarters. After overrunning Stone\'s armored and artillery positions the Mexican tanks charge headlong targeting the enemy headquarters. Stone and his officers are swallowed in a huge fireball as tank shells rain in. David barely manages to break free and jump away before the headquarters explodes behind him. But he is stunned as Stone walks out of the ashes and morphs into a massive demon with ram\'s horns and huge leathery wings. After seriously wounding David he summons up his dark brethren as reinforcements and revives his dead army. In a full display of his supernatural powers, he even darkens the sun, plunging the whole battlefield into darkness. The reinforcements soon outnumber and overrun the Mexican, Chinese, and American forces. In triumph Stone, now as Satan, celebrates as he cries out loudly that he is lord. At this boast, a bright white light lances down into ruins of the headquarters and begins dropping meteors of light upon the battlefield. Every enemy soldier is killed, while all of the allied survivors remained untouched and freed from their bonds. The fallen priest is dismayed at Satan\'s defeat and tries to run from the battlefield. A globe of light chases him and quickly impales him with swords of pure light. Satan himself is last, as he is driven to his knees and forced to admit that "Jesus" is Lord. After that the light pulverizes the ground beneath him, dropping him into a deep pit of lava, the Lake of fire. There he finds he is chained. As David lies on the ground still looking up, the light becomes brighter until everything fades away. The movie ends with a scene of paradise and a declaration that God has established his home with man forever.'] ['The action takes place in ancient Rome from AD 64–68, a period after Emperor Claudius\' illustrious and powerful reign, during which the new corrupt and destructive Emperor Nero ascends to power and eventually threatens to destroy Rome\'s previous peaceful order.The main subject is the conflict between Christianity and the corruption of the Roman Empire, especially in the last period of the Julio-Claudian line. The characters and events depicted are a mixture of actual historical figures and situations and fictionalized ones. The film tells the story of a Roman military commander, Marcus Vinicius ([[Robert Taylor , who is also the legate of the XIV Gemina, returning from the wars, who falls in love with a devout Christian, Lygia , and slowly becomes intrigued by her religion. Their love story is told against the broader historical background of early Christianity and its persecution by Nero . Though she grew up Roman as the adopted daughter of a retired general, Aulus Plautius , Lygia is technically a hostage of Rome. Marcus persuades Nero to give her to him for services rendered. Lygia resents this, but still falls in love with Marcus. Meanwhile, Nero\'s atrocities become increasingly more outrageous and his acts more insane. When he burns Rome and blames the Christians, Marcus goes off to save Lygia and her family. Nero captures them and all the Christians, and condemns them to be killed in the arena. However, Marcus\' uncle, Petronius , Nero\'s most trusted advisor, warns that the Christians will be made martyrs and, tired of Nero\'s insanity and suspecting that he might become a victim of his antics too, commits suicide by slitting his wrists, sending Nero a farewell letter in which he finally communicates his derisive opinions he had never been able to tell the emperor in fear of his own life. Marcus is arrested for trying to save Lygia. In prison, Peter , who has also been arrested after returning to Rome upon a sign of the Lord, marries the couple; eventually, he is crucified upside-down as an ironic twist at the whim of Nero\'s guard. Poppaea , Nero\'s wife, who lusts after Marcus, devises a diabolical revenge for his rejection of her. Lygia is tied to a wooden stake in the arena. A wild bull is also placed there, and Lygia\'s bodyguard giant, Ursus  must try to kill it with his bare hands, otherwise Lygia will be gored to death. Marcus is tied to the spectator\'s box and forced to watch, much to the horror of his officers, who also attend the spectacle. When all seems hopeless, Ursus is able to break the bull\'s neck. Hugely impressed by Ursus\' courage, the crowd exhorts Nero to spare them, which the emperor is not willing to do. However, Nero\'s four other retainers Seneca ([[Nicholas Hannen , architect Phaon , Lucan , and Terpnos  vouch for the mob\'s demands by putting their thumbs up as well. Marcus then breaks free of his bonds, leaps into the arena, frees Lygia with the help of his loyal troops from his legion, and announces that General Galba is at that moment marching on Rome, intent on replacing Nero. The crowd, now firmly believing that Nero, and not the Christians, is responsible for the burning of Rome, revolts. Nero flees to his palace, where he strangles Poppaea to death, blaming her for attempting to scapegoat the Christians. Then Acte , a palace slave who was once in unrequited love with Nero, appears and offers to aid him in ending his own life before the mob storms the palace. The cowardly Nero cannot bring himself to do it, so Acte drives the dagger into his chest, weeping over his demise. Marcus, Lygia and Ursus are now free and leave Rome. By the roadside, Peter\'s crook, which he had left behind when he returned to Rome, has miraculously sprouted flowers. The radiant light intones, "I am the way, the truth, and the life."'] ['This is a Christian film about two free solo climbers, who meet each other during a rescue get a chance to realize a climb of a lifetime, but with an unexpected change: they have to work together. It is a special team, with totally different people, who have different life goals, different views, but use the same climbing technique. It is action filled, but also heart touching film about egoism, responsibility and forgiveness. Derrick  is a very selfish person who wants to do the big climbing solo, and Michael  who is a Christian person with a good heart.'] ['"Road trip!" Four childhood friends, Will, Brian, Corey, and Matt, have been saying that since they were kids their dream is to surf, skate, and snowboard across California. After graduating from junior college, it is now their time and nothing can stop them &mdash; except money &mdash; so they decide to put their education to work. Through their jobs of life-guarding kiddie pools and working at Turkish restaurants they manage to save $847.53, more than enough to cross California in their Joyota, a reconstructed jeep with a rebuilt Toyota engine. Never having so much freedom in their lives, they decide to go to Mexico where they surf the fierce and unpredictable waves of Larosarita. Unexpectedly, Corey receives a phone call and is told of the death of his grandfather, "Grandpa G." His stepdad Frank tells him that his grandpa left him a bunch of money and his car, so Corey has to travel up to Yakima, Washington to get it. The friends, all being very close to Grandpa G., decide they will all go, counting on the fact that once they get there, they\'ll have more than enough money to get back. While "taking care of some unfinished business", the group runs into Matt\'s beautiful cousin Jessie, who needs a ride up to Seattle because her car has broken down. Brian is immediately infatuated with her. But, not wanting to make things easy for him, Jessie avoids Brian, making him all the more determined to get to her. Corey then makes a bet with Brian that by the end of the trip, he will not be able to get Jessie to do one thing he wants her to do. As the trip continues, through a series of paintball fights and late night phone calls, Jessie and Brian get closer and closer. Having been hurt in the past, Jessie has a hard time trusting Brian and his intentions toward her. She knew all along about the bet, but because of her convictions and some harsh words on Brian\'s part, she decides she has to leave, however much it would hurt. Cold, wet, and heartbroken, the boys cross the Washington border and arrive at the home of Grandma G, only to have yet another disappointment. Corey\'s stepdad turns out to be a nightmare, as the only inheritance Corey was left with was a junked-out car. With no way of getting home, the only option they have is to sell the car and hope they get enough money for the trip home. While looking through a paper and eating some of Grandpa G\'s snake meat, Matt comes across five tickets to Alaska for $500. With the help of Grandma G, they sell the car left by Grandpa G online for $1,500. Only one thing can make this a good ending: having Jessie back. Brian knows he messed up with Jessie and is truly sorry for what he\'s done. In a last attempt to get her back, Brian and the guys head to the University of Washington where she is giving a freshman orientation. Brian apologizes for what he did, telling Jessie that he\'s never known anyone like her &mdash; she woke him up. He asks her to come with them, but she tearfully says that she can\'t just get up and go. Matt gives her her plane ticket before the four friends leave. With hope, Brian waits at the airport for Jessie, but she does not come. As he sits in his seat, his phone starts ringing; it is Jessie, who is sitting in the back of the plane.'] ["{{Plot}} In 1456, Charles VII, experiences dreams in which he is visited by Joan of Arc, the former commander of his army, burned at the stake as a heretic twenty-five years earlier. In the dream he tells Joan that her case was retried and her sentence annulled. He recalls how she entered his life as a simple, seventeen-year-old peasant girl; how she heard the voices of Saints Catherine and Margaret telling her that she would lead the French army against the English at the siege of Orléans and be responsible for having the Dauphin crowned king at Rheims cathedral. When Joan arrives at the Dauphin's palace at Chinon she discovers that he is a childish weakling with no interest in fighting. After being tested by the members of the court, who conclude that she is mad, Joan imbues the Dauphin with her belief and fervor and he gives her command of the army. Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander, hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor. The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices. In a moment of panic and worn down by the constant pressures applied by the Inquisitior, Joan signs a document of recantation in which she confesses that she pretended to hear revelations from God and the saints in the belief that this will result in her freedom to return to her life as a peasant girl. When she learns that the sentence of the Inquisition is her perpetual, solitary imprisonment, Joan destroys the document, refusing to face a life away from nature, the life that opened her spirit to hear God and the saints. She now believes that God wants her to come to him through the ordeal of being burned at the stake. After Joan is excommunicated, the English, weary of the Church's endless and delaying rituals decide that Joan can be executed long before the Vatican learns about it, and so orders his soldiers to drag Joan to the square to be burned. The Inquisitor chooses to look the other way and let the English burn her. Those who witness Joan's death are stricken with remorse. The King's dream continues as he and Joan are visited by other significant figures from her life. Growing weary of all the spirit visitors, Charles tells Joan he has dreamed of her long enough and returns to his bed and his troubled sleep."] ["An actor at the pinnacle of his Hollywood career finds himself buckling to temptation after he accepts the lead in a classic tale of good versus evil. Michael Steele  has just been nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards. In the wake of that announcement, Michael is cast in what may be the role of a lifetime. He's set to play the lead in an incredible story of monumental conflict, but will all of the swirling gossip around Michael cause him to stumble on the path of righteousness? His marriage is in jeopardy and his career is on the line. This man who has always tried to do the right thing must find the courage and conviction needed to set his life straight."] ['Buck narrates saying, "How do you describe both a beginning and an end? We should have known better, but we didn\'t. What does it matter what we think we know? In the end there\'s no denying the truth." A young television journalist for a news network called GNN, Buck Williams, reports from Israel about a new technology with which food will grow almost anywhere, he is interviewing Israeli scientist Chaim Rosenzweig. He calls this a miracle of Chaim\'s making. Suddenly, Arab Mikoyan MiG-29 fighter jets fly over, attempting to attack Israel with a vicious air raid. The sun disappears even though it is still in the mid-day. A missile hits near Buck and Chaim as they retreat to a military bunker. The jets start exploding and crashing down even though Israel forces didn\'t fire a single shot and a commander states they how Israel, "can\'t get those planes up". Buck runs outside with the news camera and records the drama as some GNN executives and reporters watch back in Chicago. The jets explode and crash to the ground and the entire force is destroyed. The story shifts to Pilot Rayford Steele, who has been called in for an emergency flight from New York to London, thus forcing him to abandon his son, Raymie\'s, birthday party. Despite his wife\'s and his daughter\'s protests, he sets out on the flight and leaves his family behind. Rayford\'s daughter, Chloe Steele, is leaving for her college exams. Buck, having decided to go to London for an investigation of the attack, boards Rayford\'s plane. On the flight a flight attendant, Hattie Durham, walks into the cockpit and asks who wants coffee and reveals she\'s taking a job at the UN and this is her last flight. Rayford ends up kissing Hattie outside the cockpit. Later during the flight some passengers awaken to realize that several of their fellow passengers are missing. Panic sets in as Rayford and his crew try to contain this situation. Buck helps Hattie try to keep the passengers calm. Upon returning to the flight cockpit, they discover that people  are mysteriously disappearing worldwide and even planes are down from missing flight crews, and crashes everywhere. He is forced to turn the plane back and land in Chicago. Shortly after landing, Buck locates Rayford and asks him to fly him to NYC. Rayford refuses, saying that he has to be with his family, but tells Buck that he knows of a pilot. He asks Buck to go with him and they drive to his suburban home. Meanwhile, Chloe is driving home from her college exams when she encounters a large traffic accident. She goes to check on a crashed semi, whose driver vanished. People are reporting abandoned cars and children missing from their seats. While Chloe is inspecting the carnage, her car is stolen by a hurt man and she is stranded on the wrecked highway. She eventually starts walking down the highway. Rayford discovers that his wife and son are missing. He and Buck are forced to stay in the house because of a military-enforced curfew. Rayford starts crying, he starts to get upset that he smashes a mirror with his wife\'s Bible, which later he starts to read. Chloe returns home and reunites with her father. Soon Chloe goes downstairs and discovers Buck sleeping on the couch. After conversing about her missing family, Chloe drives Buck to the Airport and goes to look for her younger brother. Buck takes a plane to New York with pilot Ken Ritz. Rayford, trying to find Chloe, finally finds her in an elementary school and scolds her for running away. He apologizes and suggests they search the church because that\'s is where they were most happy. Chloe refuses to go to church, saying that her mother was happiest when Ray was home. After Chloe returns home, Rayford goes to New Hope Village Church  and finds Pastor Bruce Barnes. Bruce knew about God, but didn\'t follow Jesus and was part of the people who were left behind. After raging at God, he begs for forgiveness and asks God for a second chance to help people. Rayford enters the church and kneels next to Bruce. Rayford tells Bruce that God already has used him. They then watch a videotape left by another Reverend Billings dealing with the Rapture, in which all the believers are taken to heaven, while the rest are left behind to endure the tribulation, a horrible 7 year period of time. When Buck gets to New York City, he finds that his friend Dirk Burton has been killed. While he is there, he takes a computer disc and is almost shot by a sniper. Buck decodes the computer disc and finds that someone is trying to bankrupt the UN in order to control the world\'s food supply. Rayford confronts Hattie, telling her that their "affair" was wrong, and that he wants her forgiveness. She leaves in a huff, but Rayford tells Chloe about God and she says she believes. Meanwhile, Buck flies back to Chicago to meet with Alan Thompkins . After the meeting, a car bomb kills Alan, and Buck narrowly escapes. He goes to Rayford\'s house, because they are the only ones Buck knows in Chicago. Taking the wounded Buck to New Hope Church , Rayford and Bruce show Buck the tape that Reverend Billings made. Buck, however, does not fully believe the claims, and he goes to the UN to warn Chaim about the impending mistake. Rayford and Chloe attempt to stop him, because he doesn\'t have God on his side. Buck ignores the Steele\'s advice and goes to the UN anyway. After his departure, Rayford and Chloe pray for him. At the UN, Buck warns Chaim and Nicolae. He sees the plans for the new Israeli temple, and realizes that everything Rayford, Chloe and Bruce told him was true. Before the meeting Buck finally accepts God and asks Him to show him The Way. When God complies, he realizes that UN Secretary-General Nicolae Carpathia is the Antichrist when he reveals his plan for world domination. His plans for rebuilding the temple of Israel are a logical first step to this end. He shoots Jonathan Stonagal and Joshua Todd-Cothran, who behind the plot to bankrupt the UN. Then, Nicolae brainwashes the new "kings and queens"  into thinking that Stonagal rushed a guard, took his gun and then shot Cothran and himself. Everyone, even the press, believes him except Buck. Buck later asks Chaim what he saw and Chaim says he saw the ruse. Hattie states it\'s terrible because Nicolae was such good friends with them. Buck then heads back out of the UN and returns to the church, knocks on the door, and Chloe hugs and lets him in and Rayford and Bruce smile and shake his hand. Narrating, Buck says the "seven years of peace" declared by Nicolae will be the seven worst years mankind has ever seen, and that faith is all we need.'] ['The film is set in the 1750s and involves Spanish Jesuit priest Father Gabriel  who enters the South American jungle to build a mission and convert a Guaraní community to Christianity. The Guaraní community above the perilous Iguazu Falls has tied a priest to a cross and sent him down the falls to his death. Father Gabriel travels to the falls and plays his oboe. The Guaraní warriors, captivated by the music, allow him to live. Mercenary and slaver Rodrigo Mendoza  makes his living kidnapping natives and selling them to nearby plantations, including the plantation of the Spanish Governor Cabeza . Mendoza subsequently finds his fiancee  and his younger brother Felipe  in bed together. He kills Felipe in a duel. Acquitted of the killing by Cabeza, Mendoza spirals into depression. Father Gabriel visits and challenges Mendoza to undertake a suitable penance. Mendoza accompanies the Jesuits on their return journey, pulling a heavy bundle containing his armour and sword. Father Gabriel\'s mission is depicted as a place of sanctuary and education for the Guaraní. Moved by the Guaraní\'s acceptance, Mendoza wishes to help at the mission and Father Gabriel gives him a Bible. Mendoza takes vows and becomes a Jesuit under Father Gabriel and his colleague Father Fielding . The Jesuit missions were safe, because they were protected under Spanish law. The Treaty of Madrid reapportions the land in South America. The land on which the Jesuit missions were located was then transferred to the Portuguese, and the Portuguese law allowed slavery. The Portuguese colonials seek to enslave the natives, and as the independent Jesuit missions might impede this, Papal emissary Cardinal Altamirano , a former Jesuit priest himself, is sent from the Vatican to survey the missions and decide which, if any, should be allowed to remain. Under pressure from both Cabeza and Portuguese Governor, Don Hontar , Cardinal Altamirano is forced to choose the lesser of two evils. If he rules in favour of the colonists, the indigenous peoples will become enslaved; if he rules in favour of the missions, the entire Jesuit Order may be condemned by the Portuguese and the European Catholic Church could fracture. Altamirano visits the missions and is amazed at their industry and success. At Father Gabriel\'s mission of San Carlos he tries to explain the reasons behind closing the mission and instructs the Guaraní that they must leave. The Guaraní question his authority, and Father Gabriel and Mendoza state their intention to defend the Mission should the plantation owners and colonists attack. They are, however, divided on how to do this, and they debate how to respond to the impending military attack. Father Gabriel believes that violence is a direct crime against God. Mendoza, however, decides to break his vows in order to militarily defend the Mission. Against Father Gabriel\'s wishes, he teaches the natives the art of war and once more takes up his sword. When a joint Portuguese and Spanish{{discuss}} force attack, the mission is initially defended by Mendoza, Fielding and the Guaraní. They are no match for the military force and Mendoza is shot and fatally wounded. Fielding sacrifices himself by killing the Portuguese commander before he himself is killed. When soldiers enter the mission village, they are slowed by the singing of Father Gabriel and the Guaraní women and children who march in the procession. The soldiers are reluctant to fire at a church service. In spite of this, the Spanish{{discuss}} commander orders the attack and Father Gabriel, the rest of the priests and most of the Guaraní, including women and children, are gunned down. Only a handful escape into the jungle. In a final exchange between Cardinal Altamirano and Don Hontar, Hontar laments that what happened was unfortunate but inevitable because "we must work in the world; the world is thus." Altamirano replies, "No, thus have we made the world. Thus have I made it." Days later, a canoe of young children return to the scene of the Mission massacre and salvage a few belongings. They set off up the river, going deeper into the jungle. A final title declares that Jesuits and others continue to fight for the rights of indigenous people. The text of John 1:5 is displayed: "The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it."'] ['During the Battle of Britain, in the suburb of Finchley near London, Great Britain, the Pevensie children, Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy, are endangered by an attack of numerous German Heinkel He 111 bombers. When running to the shelter, Edmund runs back to the house to get a photograph of his father for which Peter scolds him. The next morning, they are evacuated to the country home of Professor Digory Kirke, who is not accustomed to having children in his house, as Ms. Macready, the strict housekeeper, explains. While the Pevensies are getting used to the house and playing hide-and-seek out of boredom, Lucy discovers a wardrobe and enters a wintry fantasy world called Narnia to her surprise. Lucy shortly encounters and befriends the faun, Mr. Tumnus, who explains about the land she has just entered and invites her back to his home to which she accepts. There, he puts Lucy to sleep by playing a Narnian Lullaby on his flute. However, when she wakes up, Lucy finds Tumnus grieving, and he explains that Jadis, the White Witch, has cursed Narnia, and it has been winter for one hundred years. If a human is ever encountered, they were to be brought to her. Tumnus takes a huge liking to Lucy and cannot bring himself to kidnap her, so he sends her home. When she returns, hardly any time has passed in the normal world, and her siblings do not believe her story since that when they look in the wardrobe, it has a normal wooden back. Peter then scolds Edmund when he jokes about believing Lucy, to which Edmund responds by yelling at Peter and storms out of the room, believing that Peter is trying to be a father figure . One night, Edmund follows Lucy into the wardrobe, presumably to tease her about the country he thinks she has made up. However, he enters Narnia as well, and shortly after searching for Lucy, he meets the White Witch who claims to be "The Queen of Narnia" and her dwarf Ginarrbrik. She offers him Turkish Delight as well as the prospect of becoming king and having power over his siblings if he brings them to her house. After she departs, Edmund and Lucy meet again and return; Lucy tells Peter and Susan about the experience, but Edmund lies about it. The Professor talks with Peter and Susan; he does not understand why they do not believe Lucy\'s story and gives them three possible logical explanations of Lucy\'s behaviour — madness, dishonesty and sincerity — the others know she is neither mad nor dishonest, so she must be telling the truth. However, they are still not convinced. While running away from Ms. Macready after accidentally breaking a window while playing cricket, the four siblings retreat to the wardrobe and enter Narnia. There, they apologize to Lucy. They discover Mr. Tumnus has been taken by the Witch\'s secret police, and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver, who tell them about Aslan. According to the beavers, Aslan is on the move to take control of Narnia from the Witch. The four must help Aslan and his supporters; it has been prophesied that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones, the White Witch\'s reign would end. Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch, where Mr. Beaver explains the witch\'s motive and that the siblings now must resort to reaching Aslan to save him. When he arrives at her castle, she is angry that he did not deliver his siblings. The Witch sends wolves to hunt down the children and the beavers, who barely escape with the help of a fox. Edmund is chained in the Witch\'s dungeon where he meets Tumnus. The Witch demands that Edmund reveal where his siblings are because her police could not find them; Edmund then tells her about Aslan and the witch demands to know where Aslan is. Edmund hesitates when Tumnus claims that Edmund does not know anything and Edmund tells the Witch that he heard no further information regarding Aslan. Seeing that Tumnus is hindering the information, the Witch tells Mr. Tumnus that Edmund betrayed him , then turns Tumnus to stone. While Peter, Lucy, Susan and the beavers travel to the Stone Table, they see what they believe to be the White Witch chasing after them, so they hide. It is really Father Christmas, a sign that the Witch\'s reign is ending. Father Christmas gives Lucy a healing cordial and a dagger to defend herself with. Susan, a bow and arrows and a magical horn that will summon help when blown, and Peter a sword and shield. Pursued by wolves led by Maugrim, the group crosses a thawing river, leaving the Witch unable to reach them. The Witch\'s wolves who then appear had captured the fox that helped the Pevensies escape. The Witch then demands that the fox reveals the Pevensies destination. After the fox refuses to comply, the Witch is about to turn him to stone when Edmund reveals that the Pevensies are heading to the Stone Table and that Aslan is already assembling his army. The Witch however still turns the fox to stone and slaps Edmund in the face for hiding information from her. Arriving at Aslan\'s camp, the group encounters Aslan, who is revealed as a huge and noble lion. Aslan promises to help Edmund in any way he can. Later, two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are frolicking by the river. When Peter intervenes, Maugrim attacks him, and Peter kills him with his sword. After some of Aslan\'s troops follow the other wolf to the witch\'s camp and rescue Edmund, Peter is knighted by Aslan. After Edmund and his siblings reunite, The White Witch journeys to Aslan\'s camp and asserts her claim to the traitor Edmund, but Aslan secretly offers to sacrifice himself instead. That night, as Lucy and Susan covertly watch, Aslan is killed by the White Witch at the Stone Table with a crowd of creatures watching. In the morning he is resurrected because "there is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know". Aslan takes Susan and Lucy to the Witch\'s castle, where he frees the prisoners that the White Witch turned to stone, forming reinforcements for Aslan\'s army. Edmund persuades Peter to lead Aslan\'s army to fight the White Witch\'s forces. Though Aslan\'s army begins to have a winning streak, the White Witch\'s huge army is much larger than Aslan\'s , so it soon begins to lose. To stop the Witch from attacking and killing Peter, Edmund attacks the White Witch and destroys her wand, but is gravely wounded by the Witch in return. Peter, angered at what the Witch did, fights her. As the Witch fights Peter, Aslan arrives with reinforcements and kills her. After Edmund is revived by Lucy\'s cordial, the Pevensies become Kings and Queens, staying in Narnia until they are adults. Fifteen years later, while chasing a white stag through the forest, they come to the same forest clearing where there is a lamppost that Lucy saw on her first trip to Narnia. Lucy begins to remember, and with Edmund, Susan and Peter following, fights through the trees, where they begin to tumble through the coats and finally out of the wardrobe and return to England, becoming children again. The Professor enters the room and asks what they were doing. Peter replies, "You wouldn\'t believe us if we told you, sir." The Professor tosses him the ball that broke the window and replies, "Try me." Lucy later attempts to return to Narnia via the wardrobe, but the Professor tells her he has been trying for many years, and they will probably return to Narnia when they least expect to return.'] ["Clark goes out West to visit his daughter and son-in-law. During his visit, Kathy, the infant daughter of Willie and Missie, dies. A ruthless land baron and mayor, Doros, hires Willie as town sheriff, since grief-stricken Missie has quit her job as schoolteacher and the LaHayes need the money. Doros uses Willie as sheriff to try to evict ranchers that have fallen behind on payments. Missie helps one family by selling most of her most prized possessions, including the gold locket her mother gave her. During this time, Doros' daughter, Colette, begins to like Willie and Missie's adopted son, Jeff. Collette is an eastern-schooled girl who is home from school on break. Jeff is a well-read young man who must take over for Willie on the ranch. Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff with his chores. Jeff also visits her at Doros' ranch. Doros secretly discovers this, but does not let on. As Collette prepares to leave for school, she and Jeff share a kiss. Her father lays a trap for Jeff using the unwitting Colette. Upon her departure, Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands that Willie arrest his own son. Doros swears that Jeff stole the horse, but Willie produces Colette, whom Doros thought left for school on the stagecoach. In the end, Clark realizes that his daughter Missie is in great hands with her husband, Willie and returns home."] ['The story is from the Biblical Book of Judith. During the siege of the Jewish city of Bethulia by the Assyrians, a widow named Judith  has a plan to stop the war as her people suffer starvation and are ready to surrender. The widow disguises herself as a harem girl and goes to the enemy camp, where she beguiles a general of King Nebuchadnezzar, whose army is besieging the city. Judith seduces Holofernes , then while he is drunk cuts off his head with a sabre. She returns to her city, a heroine.'] ['The movie is set in Susa. King Xerxes holds a great feast for all the people to attend. Hadassah  longs to go to Jerusalem to see the Holy Land and prepares to leave with the caravan along with her friend, Jesse Ben-Joseph. They stop by the King’s feast before marching to war to avenge his father’s death. Hadassah and Jesse witness the King summoning Queen Vashti. Queen Vashti was opposed to the war, desiring King Xerxes to enhance his kingdom instead. She holds her own feast in protest to the war. When the king summons her to his own feast, she refuses to come stating, “I am queen, and I will not lower my dignity… or shame my crown by wearing it before your drunk, and thinly veiled war council.” Because of this, King Xerxes is advised to banish her and select a more worthy queen. All beautiful virgin women in the stronghold of Susa are brought in so Xerxes could leave behind a queen to keep the kingdom unified. Under the command of her foster-father, “Uncle Mordecai” , Hadassah does not reveal her nationality or family and changes her name to “Esther” . She is taken in with the rest of the selected women and given cosmetics, perfumes, and treatments under the care of Hegai, the king’s royal eunuch. Through her quick wit, intelligence, and integrity, she becomes Hegai’s favorite contestant. On their night with the king, the contestants are allowed to bring whatever they wished with them from the harem. They went in the evening and returned in the morning to a second harem to another royal eunuch who was custodian to the concubines. They would not be able to return to the king unless she pleased him and he summoned her by name. During their preparation, Hegai discovers Esther could read and listens to her reading to the other contestants. He admires her bravery, and stamina. Late into the night, he brings her to King Xerxes to read to him. She starts reading from the assigned scroll and then begins telling the love story of Jacob and Rachel . He is amused and intrigued and dismisses her, saying she would read to him again. From this interaction, Esther falls in love with the King. When it is Esther’s turn for her ‘one night with the king’, she only wears what Hegai advises. She wins the kings favor by revealing her heart to him. He chooses her and crowns her queen. Simultaneously, Haman is promoted to the highest-ranking official. He has all the king’s servants at the royal gate to kneel before him. Mordecai refuses, declaring he will only kneel before God and the king. He announces himself before Haman to be a son of Abraham, a Jew. Because of this, Haman, filled with vengeance and hatred, seeks to destroy Mordecai and all his people. Esther discovers the plot and breaks protocol by going before the king unsummoned, risking her life to plead for her people. The king lowers his scepter to her and spares her life out of his love for her. She invites the king and Haman to a banquet and there reveals her nationality and the Haman’s plot to kill the Jews. The king, overwhelmed by her revelation, leaves the banquet. Haman then assaults Esther. The king saves her and, in his fury, commands Haman be hung on the gallows he erected to hang Mordecai for revenge. After Haman is taken away, the king goes to Esther\'s side. Esther asks, "What made you come back?" And the king responds with, "I saw the stars." Then King Xerxes kisses Esther, with the camera pulling away from the small temple. The ending shows Mordecai being made the Prince of Persia and him making a decree in his name, with flashbacks of when Esther was made Queen and the crowd of Jews cheering in the streets. In the last scenes the camera shows the small temple and Mordecai saying, "Thus dictated, I order this decree sent out under the great seal of Mordecai, Prince of Persia, a Jew."'] ['In a small rural village with an African American population, a church group is holding a riverside baptismal service, and one of the faithful being immersed is the recently-married Martha . However, Martha’s husband Ras ([[Spencer Williams  is absent from the service – he claims he was hunting, but he actually poached a neighbor’s boar. At home, Ras accidentally shoots Martha when his rifle drops on the floor and discharges. The church congregation gathers at Martha’s bedside to pray for her recovery, and during this period an angel  arrives to take Martha’s spirit from her body. She is brought to the Crossroads between Heaven and Hell, and initially she is tempted by the slick Judas Green , who is an agent for Satan . Judas takes Martha to a nightclub, where the floor show includes an acrobat and a jazz singer. Judas arranges to have Martha employed by the roadhouse owner Rufus Brown, but the angel returns and advises Martha to flee. As she is escaping, a nightclub patron mistakenly believes Martha is a pickpocket who robbed him. A chase ensues and Martha races back to the Crossroads, where Satan  is waiting for her arrival. The angel appears to protect Martha from the mob, who are driven away. The sign at the Crossroad is transformed into the vision of Jesus Christ being crucified, and Christ’s blood drips down on Martha’s face. She awakens to discover she is home and her health is restored. Martha is reunited with her husband, who has now embraced religion. The angel who took Martha on her journey returns to bless the marriage.“The Bootleg Files: The Blood of Jesus,” Film Threat, September 1, 2006'] ['{{plot}} Bob the Tomato is driving Dad Asparagus and some of the Veggie children to see the popular singer "Twippo" in concert. Meanwhile, Laura Carrot is taunting the other children because she won a backstage pass. Dad Asparagus accidentally hits Bob with the steering wheel. The vehicle\'s front tires are shot out flat by a porcupine and it goes careening down a hill and hits a stump just short of a river as Laura loses her backstage pass. They take refuge in a nearby fancy, French, seafood restaurant. Bob blames Dad Asparagus for crashing the car, and Junior blames Laura. Junior, sitting at a table alone is met by the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything. The Pirates say he was tough on his friend and encourage him to show some compassion. To illustrate, they begin to tell all the Veggies a story. Jonah  is a Prophet. One day, God asks him to leave Israel and deliver a message to Nineveh, a rough and dangerous city in Assyria. Jonah panics and tries to flee from the Lord. He goes to his travel agent, Angus , who tells him that the farthest he can get from Nineveh is Tarshish. When he spies the Pirates\' ship docked in the harbor, he asks them to take him to Tarshish. They resist, but Jonah convinces them by paying them. On the way to Tarshish, a guilt-stricken Jonah goes below deck to rest. There, he meets Khalil the Caterpillar, a traveling Persian rug salesman, who rants about how great Jonah is. Jonah finds the ship beset by a great storm. Captain Pa Grape concludes that the storm has been sent because God is angry at someone on the ship. They all play Go Fish to determine who it is. Jonah loses the game, admitting he is running from God, and is forced to walk the plank. Luckily, First Mate Lunt has an outboard motor, which they can use to return to Joppa. Unfortunately, Khalil accidentally destroys it. With Jonah off the ship, the skies clear immediately. The Pirates attempt to reel him back in, but a whale swallows Jonah. The whale also swallows the lifebelt attached to Jonah. The Pirates fire the cannon at the whale but are forced to use a bowling ball as ammo. The whale surfaces and swallows the ball with Khalil inside. Inside the belly of the whale, Jonah is visited by a host of God\'s messengers. They explain through a rousing number that if Jonah repents then God will grant him a second chance too. He and Khalil are spit up onto the shore. After being denied entrance to the city, the Pirates Who Don\'t Do Anything appear, who have gained notoriety from the people of Ninevah for winning the sweepstakes. They sneak Jonah into the city disguised as winners of the sweepstakes, thought they are all promptly arrested for the theft of Cheese Twists. After sentenced to death by "the Fish Slap of No Return", they are granted an audience with King Twistomer . When King Twistomer hears that Jonah has survived in the belly of a whale, he listens to his message. Jonah delivers the message given to him by God. He tells them they should repent and amend their ways, or Nineveh will be destroyed. King Twistomer and the Ninevites quickly repent. Jonah waits from a distance. Khalil is disappointed in Jonah, and tries to explain to him that God is compassionate and merciful. But Jonah, feeling pathetic and self-important, can\'t accept that. The story ends with Khalil and Jonah\'s camel Reginald leaving Jonah on a cliff overlooking the city. Back in the present day, the Veggies understand the point of the story. Bob forgives Dad Asparagus and Junior gives his Twippo ticket to Laura. Twippo  appears in the restaurant unexpectedly and the film ends with a grand musical number. Prior to the credits, a tow truck driver, who looks and sounds remarkably like Khalil, walks into the restaurant. This makes him somewhat recognizable to Twippo.'] ["The plot begins with the portrayal of the Massacre of the Innocents. The remainder of the movie portrays the annunciation  and nativity  of Jesus Christ to explain why King Herod  ordered the murder. Teenage Mary , betrothed to marry Joseph of Judea , is spoken to by God and told that she is to deliver His child and call him Jesus. Mary then goes to stay with her cousin Elizabeth for the harvest, when she witnesses the birth of John the Baptist to Elizabeth , who is past child bearing age, and her husband Zachariah . Mary returns from the visit pregnant, to the shock of Joseph and her parents. Mary is accused of fornication, for which, if she is found guilty, she could be stoned to death in a public execution. At first Joseph does not believe Mary's explanation that she was visited by an angel, and that she has not broken her vow of chastity. He resolves to quietly divorce her, but before he acts on this plan, he is visited by the very same angel. Joseph then believes Mary, and promises to stay by her side. Meanwhile, Caesar Augustus has demanded that every man and his family must return to his place of birth for the census. For Joseph, as a direct descendant of King David, this involves a {{convert}} trip across rocky terrain from Nazareth to Bethlehem, the place of his birth. Such a trip  would likely have taken several weeks. When they reach Bethlehem, Mary goes into labor. Joseph frantically seeks a place for the two to stay, but there is no room in any inn or home . At the last minute, an innkeeper offers his stable for shelter. While Mary's story is being told, a concurrent plot line features the travels of the three Magi, Gaspar, Melchior and Balthasar, who had previously discovered that three planets will align to form a great star. This Star of Bethlehem appears before the Magi, after a visit by the angel, Gabriel. The Magi eventually visit Herod and tell him that a King of the Jews has been born. Herod considers himself to be King of the Jews; thus, he asks them to journey to the East and pay a visit to the newborn Jesus, and report the location back to Herod under the pretense that he, too, would like to worship him. Unbeknown to Mary and Joseph, the Magi show up at the stable in which the family is staying, and present the baby with the well-known gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh. As instructed by the angel, the Magi do not return to Herod, but return to their origin via a different route. King Herod realizes that the wise men have defied him, and in retribution demands the murder of every boy in Bethlehem up to the age of two. Joseph is warned in a dream of the danger and flees with Mary and the child to Egypt."] ['The film begins during a thunderstorm in 1505 as Luther is returning to his home. For fear of losing his life in the storm, Luther commits his life to God and becomes a monk. In the next scene it is 1507 and Luther is a monk in Erfurt. During his time at the monastery, he is constantly troubled by viewing God as a God of hate and vengeance. Martin is encouraged by Johann von Staupitz, an older monk who is his supervisor and mentor. Staupitz tells Luther to look to Christ instead of himself. Later Luther delivers a letter for Staupitz to Rome where he becomes troubled by the wicked lifestyles of those in the city. He also views the skull believed to be that of John the Baptist and purchases an indulgence. It is during this time that Luther begins to question the veracity of indulgences. Returning to Germany, Luther begins to teach his congregation that God is not a God of hate, but a God of love. Luther begins to emphasize the love of God instead of his judgment. John Tetzel then comes close to Luther\'s town where he scares the people into buying indulgences.  In his church, Luther denounces the indulgences, calling them "just a piece of paper." He then posts 95 theses on the door of the church, calling for an open debate regarding the indulgences. For this act, Luther is called to Augsburg where he is questioned by the church officials. After his excommunication, Pope Leo X orders Luther to be delivered to Rome, but Frederick the Wise of Saxony protects him. Frederick and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor decide that Luther will be tried at Worms. After his trial at Worms, Luther is forced into hiding with Frederick the Wise, while his former professor, Andreas Karlstadt, encourages the peasants to revolt against the oppressive nobles. Luther, shocked by the revolts, encourages the princes to put down the rebellion. Meanwhile, Luther translates the Bible into German. After Luther marries Katharina von Bora, Charles V summons the electors of the Holy Roman Empire to Augsburg so he can force them to outlaw Protestantism and the German Bible. The nobles refuse and Charles is forced to allow the nobles to read their confession of faith. The film ends with the following words:  What happened at Augsburg pushed open the door of religious freedom. Martin Luther lived for another 16 years, preaching and teaching the Word. He and Katharina von Bora enjoyed a happy marriage and six children. Luther\'s influence extended into economics, politics, education and music, and his translation of the Bible became a foundation stone of the German language. Today over 540 million people worship in churches inspired by his Reformation.'] 