["In 1941 Lt. Commander Jeffords, an American serving with the Royal Navy is assigned to Valletta, Malta to command a flotilla of Motor Torpedo Boats for a top secret mission. Jeffords is granted permission to take his friend Chief Petty Officer Yacov, a Palestinian with him. Through scrounging spare parts from sunken craft, the battered flotilla is able to piece together three seaworthy craft. Jeffords' mission is to destroy a former Italian submarine base in Augusta, Sicily that now contains the German's Fritz X glide bombs that have been taking a heavy toll of British shipping. As the bombs are stored in former submarine pens tunnelled inside a mountain, an aerial attack is unfeasibile. It is up to Jeffords to determine how he will accomplish his mission. Off duty Jeffords meets a woman bathing in the nude who turns out to be the wife of his commanding officer. Jeffords turns down her offer of having an affair. Jefford first decides to make a reconnaissance of his target by being taken into the base by the Sicilian Resistance. Jefford's mission is successful, but at the cost of the lives of his Resistance escort. Jefford schemes to capture a German E-Boat in a manner similar to Commander Ian Fleming's Operation Ruthless. By sending a false radio message that General Alexander's airplane has gone missing in a certain area, Jefford and crew pose as survivors of the crash then capture the boat attempting to pick them up. Jefford uses the captured craft as a Trojan Horse to penetrate the harbour, having the other boats in the flotilla follow his captured craft in once the Germans have lifted their boom gate. Jefford and two others don Scuba sets to swim into the tunnels and plant explosive charges. The Allied invasion of Sicily took place in July 1943."] ['The film begins with a tough Greek Lieutenant  announcing that the United States Marine Corps is seeking volunteers for a hazardous mission and special unit. Sergeant "Transport" Anderof  meets the commander of the unit, Lieutenant Colonel Thorwald  who he has served with in the China Marines. Thorwald explains that he left the Corps to serve with the Chinese guerrillas fighting the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War to learn their methods and has decided to form a unit using the qualities of Gung Ho or "work together". Amongst the volunteers for the unit are a hillbilly  who responds to the Marine Gunner\'s  question whether he can kill someone with the fact that he already has; specifically a romantic rival. Alan Curtis is an ordained Minister keeping his vocation a secret. Robert Mitchum is "Pig Iron"; a boxer from a background of poverty and hard work. Harold Landon is a young and small street kid who is initially rejected by Naish but wins him over as both worked as dishwashers on ships bound to the United States from Piraeus. Noah Beery Jr and David Bruce are rivals for United States Navy Nurse Corps Lt. Grace McDonald. Volunteers with brief screen time include a Filipino wishing to revenge his sister raped and killed in Manila who teaches the Raiders knife fighting, a veteran of the Spanish Civil War who sees the war as a continuation of the fight against Fascism, and a Marine who honestly admits "I just don\'t like Japs". The film moves rapidly in a documentary style with stock footage of training narrated by Chet Huntley. The survivors of the training are sent to Hawaii for further jungle warfare training where they witness the damage of the attack on Pearl Harbor. In Hawaii they hear a radio bulletin of the announcement of the Battle of Guadalcanal. The Marines are ordered to board two submarines, the {{USS}} and the {{USS}} destined for a commando raid on a Japanese held island. After a claustrophobic voyage, the Raiders invade the island from rubber boats. The Marine landing is met by fire from snipers hiding in palm trees. The Marines dispose of them, attack the Japanese headquarters, wipe out the Japanese garrison, destroy installations with explosives, then board the submarines for their return home.'] ['Beginning with a premonition of his death, the film follows a young everyman Brian Stirner through his call up to the East Yorkshire Regiment, his training, his meeting a young girl Julie Neesam, his journey to France, and his death on Sword Beach. Director Cooper also includes footage of the London Blitz and bombing of Europe to emphasise the events leading up to the invasion and the comparatively short distance between England and France.'] ["Private Manning is a soldier who, in order to survive, does just enough to stay out of trouble, but not enough to actually make a difference. Through the sheer bloodiness of the Hurtgen battles, Manning is left as the sole survivor of his platoon and is subsequently promoted to sergeant. He tries to get out of it, saying he is unqualified for the position, but his company commander, Captain Roy Pritchett, thinks otherwise. Manning then tries to back out of responsibility by asking to be filed on a Section 8 , but is refused. Manning now finds himself in charge of a squad of replacements, a prospect he is less than thrilled with. He meets with his new men, and during the evening, leads them into position on the line. The next morning, on patrol with his squad, Manning puts Private Warren Sanderson on point. Sanderson goes forward too quickly, getting lost and then narrowly avoids contact with the enemy. After some time, Manning decides that they must leave without Sanderson. At that moment, Sanderson returns. After the incident, Manning is scorned by his peers and berated by his platoon leader, First Lieutenant Terrence Lukas. His company makes a push toward the town of Schmidt, to take and hold a bridge. However, they move into an enemy minefield and are shelled by 88s. They retreat and Pritchett comes to Manning with a mission that he requires volunteers for. Manning wishes him luck, so Pritchett offers Manning a Section 8 if he volunteers for the mission. During the mission, one of his men, Private Sam Baxter, decides to run away, prompting the rest of the men to do the same. He shoots Baxter, hitting the flamethrower he is carrying on his back, which causes it to explode and burns the soldier to death. Although the rest of his men are horrified by this, they stop running and assault the position where the two 88s are located, led by a crazed Sanderson, armed with another flamethrower. Meanwhile, his company secures the bridge, suffering horrendous casualties, and after the 88s are put out of action, get shelled by German tanks. In the assault, Lukas is overcome with stress, and then, Sergeant Patrick Talbot, gives him a handful of dog tags from the dead soldiers in their platoon. When the battalion's commander, Lieutenant Colonel George Rickman, asks about the status of his platoon, Lukas snaps and assaults him. Manning confronts Rickman as Lukas is carried away, picking up the mass of dog tags Lukas dropped, and pressing them against Rickman's chest. Through Manning's insubordination, Rickman recognizes him and orders him to his command post. Manning is subsequently promoted to second lieutenant and given a platoon. After an altercation with Talbot and Manning's friend, Corporal Toby Chamberlain, who is the platoon's medic, in which they confront him for shooting his own man, Manning tells them of a plan to destroy the German tanks the night before the assault. Chamberlain states they have no proof that Manning will not just shoot them, as he did Baxter, then Private Sanderson — who survived the raid on the 88mm cannons — defends Manning's conduct by acknowledging the fact that everybody would have run instead of fighting. Manning also silences them by telling them that their company is making another push in the morning, which will be more dangerous. If they don't attack the tanks, he knows that the entire battalion is in jeopardy. He leads the three men  in a pre-dawn raid on the German tanks. Manning clears the minefield and cuts the wire, enabling the group to continue on. The operation costs the lives of all but Manning and Sanderson — while Manning gets wounded. The film concludes with a wounded Manning being carried back to the American lines by the now battle-hardened Sanderson; a mirror image of his carrying back a wounded comrade at the opening of the film; Manning appears to die. The film closes with a little note that the Battle of the Hurtgen Forest was overshadowed by the Battle of the Bulge quite soon after."] ['U.S. Navy Lieutenant Harry Brubaker  is a naval reservist called back to active duty from his civilian job as an attorney to fly jets in the Korean War. Returning from a mission with battle damage, he is forced to ditch into the sea but is rescued by a helicopter crewed by Chief Mike Forney  and Aircrewman Nestor Gamidge . Forney is often in trouble for brawling and sporting a non-regulation green top hat and scarf as encouragement to pilots in the water. Back aboard his ship, the aircraft carrier USS Savo Island, Brubaker is called to the quarters of Admiral Tarrant , who has taken an interest in Brubaker because he reminds Tarrant of his son, a Navy pilot killed in World War II. Brubaker takes advantage of being "the admiral’s boy" to complain about the unfairness of his recall when America is not actually "at war" and most Americans have no involvement. The Savo Island returns to port in Japan, where Brubaker is given a three-day shore leave in Tokyo with his wife Nancy  and their children. The reunion is interrupted when Gamidge comes to Brubaker asking his help in bailing Forney out of the guardhouse after a brawl. She expresses her bewilderment to Tarrant, who explains that Fortney saved her husband from freezing to death and warns her that when they return to Korea, Brubaker will have to attack the dangerous bridges at Toko-ri. He advises her to face the reality that Harry might be killed, which neither his wife nor daughter-in-law did and were crushed by despair. Late that night Nancy asks Brubaker about the bridges. Back off Korea, Brubaker flies as wingman for Commander Lee  on a dangerous reconnaissance to photograph the bridges. Lee briefs his pilots on the coming mission using the film he took and Brubaker loses his nerve. However he cannot bring himself to quit the mission or write a final letter to Nancy. Forney crosses the Savos captain once too often and is exiled to a helicopter scow. As he is leaving the ship, he notices Brubaker\'s distress, and relates a "cure" for bad nerves that has worked for him. Brubaker follows his advice and finds renewed strength within himself. In the attack, the anti-aircraft fire is intense but the jets destroy the bridges without a loss. Lee then leads them to attack a secondary target, where Brubaker’s jet is hit. Leaking fuel and descending, he tries to return to the ship but crash-lands. Forney and Gamidge attempt to pick him up, but enemy troops shoot down the helicopter. Gamidge is killed and Forney takes cover in a muddy ditch with Brubaker. They try to hold off the enemy until they can be rescued, but both are soon killed. Tarrant, angered by the news that Brubaker is dead, demands an explanation from Lee of why he attacked the second target. Lee retorts that Brubaker was his "boy" too, and that despite the losses, the mission was a success. Tarrant, realizing that Lee is correct, rhetorically asks, "Where do we get such men?"'] ["The film begins with the then recent US Army Ranger raid at Cabanatuan prisoner-of-war camp. The film then flashes back to 1942. As American forces under General MacArthur are forced to pull out of Bataan, Colonel Joseph Madden  of the U.S. Army, stays behind to organize guerrilla fighters against the occupying Japanese forces in the Philippines. Madden teams up with Filipino resistance fighters to liberate POW's from Cabanatuan. One of his officers, Captain Andrés Bonifácio , carries a heavy burden. Not only does he have to live up to being the grandson of Andrés Bonifacio a national hero, but his former fiancée Dalisay Delgado  is apparently collaborating with the Japanese, broadcasting propaganda over the radio."] ['{{Plot}} A French unit is on patrol in Vietnam in 1954, during the final year of the First Indochina War. The unit is suddenly ambushed by North Vietnamese Army forces, who kill the officers and the unit is overrun. Nguyen Huu An orders the execution of all surviving French soldiers, to discourage further French involvement in Vietnam. Eleven years later, the United States had entered the Vietnam War. U.S. Lieutenant Colonel Hal Moore is depicted as dedicated and deeply committed to training troops under his command. He is disquieted when his unit is re-flagged as the 7th Cavalry prior to deployment to Vietnam to being a battalion. Moore is also dismayed because President Lyndon B. Johnson has decreed that the war will be fought "on the cheap", without declaring it a national emergency. As a result, Moore believes he will be deprived of his oldest, best-trained soldiers  just prior to shipping out for Vietnam. After arriving in Vietnam, he learns that an American base has been attacked and is ordered to take his 400 men after the enemy and eliminate the Vietnamese attackers, despite the fact that intelligence has no idea of the number of enemy troops. He leads a newly-created air cavalry unit into the Ia Drang Valley. After landing in the "Valley of Death", the soldiers learn that the location they were sent to is actually the base camp for a veteran North Vietnamese Army division of more than 4,000 men. Upon arrival in the area with a platoon of soldiers, 2nd Lt. Henry Herrick spots a scout, runs after him, and orders reluctant soldiers to follow. The Vietnamese scout lures them into an ambush, resulting in several men of the platoon being killed, including Lt. Herrick and his subordinates. The surviving platoon members are surrounded with no chance of retreat. Sgt. Savage assumes command and calls in artillery and uses the cover of night to keep the Vietnamese from over-running their small defensive position. Meanwhile, with helicopters constantly dropping off the Cavalry units, Lt. Col. Moore manages to secure weak points before the Vietnamese can take advantage of such. On the second day, despite being trapped and desperately outnumbered, the main U.S. force manages to hold off the Vietnamese with artillery, mortars, and helicopter lifts of supplies and reinforcements. Eventually, enemy Vietnamese commander Nguyen Huu An orders a large scale attack to completely overrun the American position. At the point of breaking and being completely overrun by the enemy and with no option left, Moore orders his radioman to call in "Broken Arrow" . The aircraft attack with bombs, napalm and machine guns, massacring many NVA\'s and Viet Cong but an accident occurs dangerously close to Moore\'s men, killing some of Moore\'s soldiers but successfully repelling the second Vietnamese attack. After the Vietnamese forces are repelled, the surviving men of the stranded platoon, led by Sgt. Savage, are eventually rescued. Moore\'s troops regroup, secure the area, and stop at the base of a hill, where Moore surmises the Vietnamese division headquarters is holed up in tunnels. At the same time the Vietnamese commander plans a final assault on the Americans and sends out most of his troops to carry out the attack. The Vietnamese have set up strong defense emplacements near the hidden entrance of the underground passage to the command post spoken of by the scout. Hal and his men charge right at them, into a seemingly impending massacre, but before the Vietnamese can fire, Major Bruce "Snakeshit" Crandall and other helicopter gunships attack the Vietnamese, destroying the bulk of the enemy force. Nguyen Huu An, the Vietnamese Commander, is alerted that the Americans have broken through their lines and there are no soldiers between the Americans and their command post. Since the Commander had deployed his reserve forces to a final offensive and the base camp has no troops to call upon for defense, the Vietnamese commander quickly orders the headquarters evacuated. Moore, having achieved his objective, returns to the L.Z.  to be picked up. True to his speech to his soldiers before deploying, only after all of his men  are removed from the battlefield does he step on to a helicopter and fly out of the valley. While the Vietnamese are collecting their dead, Nguyen Huu An, holding a small damaged American flag, tells one of his officers: "Such a tragedy. They will think this was their victory. So this will become an American war. And the end will be the same  except for the numbers who will die before we get there." At the end of the film, it is revealed that the landing zone immediately reverted to North Vietnamese hands after the American troops were airlifted out. Hal Moore continued the battle in a different landing zone, and after nearly a year he returned home safely. His superiors congratulated him for killing over 1,800 North Vietnamese Army and Viet Cong soldiers. The film ends with an older Moore visiting the Vietnam war memorial and a showing of the names of soldiers who fell at Ia Drang.'] ['In 1940, the testimony of Chief Petty Officer Mike Mallory  at a United States Navy board of inquiry regarding a fatal gun turret accident helps end the career of Lieutenant Tom Sands . The situation is complicated by the fact that Sands and Mallory\'s sister Myra  are in love. Afterward, Sands resigns his commission and breaks up with Myra, telling her there is no future for them. When the United States enters World War II, however, Sands joins as an enlisted man. By chance, he is assigned to Mallory, to their mutual displeasure. They and the rest of Mallory\'s men are disappointed to be assigned to man the guns of the freighter Sybil Gray. When Myra comes to see her brother off , she encounters Sands, whom she had not seen since the inquiry. On board, Coxswain G. Berringer ([[Max Baer  recognizes Sands, making him a pariah among the navy sailors. On the voyage to England, they are attacked by a German U-boat on the surface. They exchange fire, before the submarine is driven off by escorting warships. As Bayless is seriously injured, doctor Lieutenant Commander Murray and Myra are brought aboard. They remain on the ship to avoid delaying the convoy further. A near encounter with a German pocket battleship in the fog causes Sands to reveal that he still loves Myra. Later, two German airplanes strafe and bomb the Sybil Gray. When Myra is knocked out by falling debris, Sands abandons his machine gun to carry her to safety. While he is gone, Berringer, the other sailor manning the gun, is fatally wounded. The two aircraft are shot down, but the sailors now believe that Sands is a coward. When "Babe" Duttson\'s  radio intercepts a German message, "Dutch" Croner  is able to interpret it. He informs Mallory that a German U-boat supply ship is nearby. Mallory persuades the freighter\'s captain to change course and capture the vessel. Unbeknownst to the Americans, the German captain has one of the torpedoes rigged to explode, but a suspicious Sands foils that scheme. Then, with a ready supply of detonators, he suggests to Mallory that they load unsuspecting U-boats with booby-trapped torpedoes. As the only qualified navigator, Sands refuses to sail to Belfast, so Mallory has no choice but to agree. The plan goes without a hitch the first three times, blowing up enemy submarines, but an officer on the fourth recognizes Dutch as a famous anti-Nazi violinist. The two ships fire at each other, and another U-boat joins the battle. The Americans sink both submarines, but the hold of the supply ship is set on fire. When Mallory goes to deal with it during the fighting, he is overcome by the fumes. Sands rescues him. For his actions, Sands is reinstated as an officer.'] ['August 2, 1990, at dawn in Kuwait, a long succession of tanks and trucks drive toward and over the TV screen as opening credits roll, with contemporary radio news report playing. Guy Hunter, Jr., Steven Shaefer, Steve Tate, Beverly Clark, Phoebe Jeter, Jonathan Alston, Ben Pennington, Mary Rhoads, Devon Jones and Lawrence Slade are introduced to the viewer, mostly in the context of family and friends back home, while Iraq invades Kuwait, Kuwaitis resist the invasion, Saddam Hussein takes foreign nationals in Iraq prisoner as human shields, the United States progressively increases its forces in and around Saudi Arabia, Army Reserve units become activated for Desert Shield, the United Nations sets a deadline for Iraq to withdraw from Kuwait, and finally, Saddam Hussein ignores that deadline up to the first commercial break. The activations mean that Ben Pennington does not get to tell his father and brother, who are off in the woods, goodbye, Phoebe Jeter does not get to see her ill grandmother for one last time, Daniel Maldonado misses the birth of his daughter, and one bride, Linda Buckholz, has to show her wedding to the guests on video. The viewer is treated to displays of American and coalition military deployment as contemporary radio news reports inform the viewer that the United Nations coalition has started to attack Iraq and occupied Kuwait as a prelude to liberating Kuwait. As Ben Pennington is deployed aboard an Air Force rescue helicopter, a hidden cameraman interviews him, and Ben replies that they are deliberately attracting Iraqi radar so AH-64 Apache helicopters can target the radars with anti-radiation missiles to clear a corridor for the bombers and simultaneously providing rescue cover in case a pilot is shot down and needs to be rescued by Ben and the crew on board. The viewer gets to hear more news reports about infrared and night vision technology and laser-guided missiles fired from planes including the F-117 Nighthawk while a Nighthawk is displayed and gun camera footage shows various targets being destroyed in a sterile, precise fashion. Another news report mentions the role played by the Navy battleships Wisconsin and Missouri while they are shown firing their {{convert|16|in|mm|0|sing8AX3Nw9Ivos&feature=related 4:11 to 5:05, "I\'ve met Iraqi pilots, and they\'re good..." but attributed their weaknesses to Iraqi command and control, when, once it and the radars were defeated, made the Iraqis easier to shoot down. Back home in Pennsylvania, Beverly Clark is dismayed to be activated and deployed, and shares her doubts about coming home alive with her mother. Several starving and frightened Iraqi soldiers, waving white flags and approaching the border, surrender to Crumes\' and Ford\'s Marine squad, and cringe when the Marines fire a warning shot. The prisoners are given food and medical attention as required under the Geneva Convention. In contrast, Iraq\'s treatment of coalition prisoners such as British TornadoDiscovery Channel Video, On The Inside, episode, Inside the Kill Box, narrated by Michael Ironside, released January 15, 2001. Written by Kurt Sayenga, Web reference http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0309715/ pilot John Peters is shown as Iraq depicted to the news media, and new prisoner Guy Hunter is tortured under interrogation and also shown to the news media while his daughter and wife back home watch in anguish. The F-14 Devon Jones is flying is hit by a surface-to-air missile despite attempts to evade it, and both are forced to eject before the jet is engulfed in flame. Devon Jones lands in Iraq before dawn and activates his emergency transmitter. Soon Ben Pennington is out looking for him. But the Iraqis are also homing in on the rescue signal. Devon notices a truck, and then notices the Air Force helicopter. The helicopter notices the vehicle, and Devon indicates it might be a military vehicle. At least one AH-64 Apache is covering the rescue, and fires Hellfire missiles on the truck. Ben expertly disembarks from the helicopter, rifle drawn, and quickly finds Devon, does a "fireman\'s carry" for him, runs to the MH-53J helicopter, hands over his rifle, hands over Devon, and quickly secures Devon for liftoff while gunners watch for the enemy. Not a second after Devon is secured when the helicopter lifts off, "inbound" with "survivor on board". Devon demands to know about his backseater, Larry. Ben replies that they will know when they return to base. Indeed, Larry was captured. Crumes and Ford are enjoying some bottled water when the Battle of Khafji begins and a unit needs a Corpsman. Crumes is able to save one soldier\'s life, but reflects to Ford on the terror of war and asks if Vietnam was as bad. Ford replies that the all-volunteer U.S. military in Iraq is better trained than the U.S. military in Vietnam, but adds that the Marines will still go in first, this time like the last. After another news report and video of Scuds falling on Israel, which although attacked, must remain neutral for the sake of maintaining the international coalition including Egypt and Syria, the Patriot anti-missile system is introduced. Phoebe Jeter\'s battery saves Gary Buckholz\'s base. Meanwhile, Beverly Clark and Mary Rhoads are at a processing center for incoming U.S. soldiers, in Dhahran, which will later be hit by a Scud. Meanwhile, Private Steven Shaefer has volunteered for Desert Storm duty, and quickly upon arriving in Kuwait meets Specialist Jonathan Alston. When an explosion is heard in the distance, Alston knows that Shaefer is inexperienced in combat, and questions him about his training. Sure enough, Steven has not been prepped on chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear warfare or even on land mines, merely his basic training. When Jonathan demands to know how the Army messed up sending him into danger, Steven drops his bombshell. Alston is impressed and says they will win medals like Alston\'s uncles did in the Second World War. The ground war starts. Marine Captain Michael Shupp  instructs Ford and Crumes\' unit to fight professionally to keep one another safe, but to reserve compassion for Saddam\'s draftees deliberately sacrificed by Saddam to keep his Republican Guard in reserveDiscovery Channel Video, On The Inside, episode, Inside the Kill Box, narrated by Michael Ironside, released January 15, 2001. Written by Kurt Sayenga, Web reference http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0309715/, and promises them that they will all make it through and go home. Precision weapons save their unit when the enemy is "danger close". Shupp orders his men only to fire in self-defense after the enemy surrenders. Indeed, another news reporter voices over video of long lines of Iraqi prisoners of war who had been forced to fight with death squads and land mines to prevent desertion. Guy Hunter, Jr., gets tortured again after a coalition strike that scares him, and probably did more than scare his captors. Threatened with execution and blindfolded, Hunter shows no fear, and says "just do it." Meanwhile, Beverly Clark is winning at trivia, but pauses long enough to get a soda and chat with her best friend Mary Rhoads. Beverly tells Mary she has come to peace about being deployed in a danger zone, and Mary invites Beverly to join her for fresh air, though Beverly declines. Suddenly there is a Scud alarm. Mary starts putting on chemical warfare gear, and Beverly instructs others to do the same. However, the Patriot is not successful in annihilating the Scud, and Mary watches in horror as Beverly and her comrades are hit by the incoming warhead. Another news reporter voice-over with video of the aftermath. It is not long before the Clarks in Pennsylvania are summoned to Army Reserve headquarters, where a tactful notification of families is under way, but taking too long for the Clark parents. Beverly\'s mother found out what her husband, weeping in the senior officer\'s office, already heard from him, and despite her initial denial, she understands the truth. Alston and Shaefer get their medals when they volunteer to kill an Iraqi suicide squad ready to detonate an ammunition dump in the way of U.S. forces in Objective Utah, western Kuwait, and overcome various dangers including land mines and trip wires. Shaefer distracts the squad with his M-16 while Alston, above the trench, tosses in a hand grenade. The Basra-Kuwait "Highway of Death" is depicted next with more videos and voice-overs, indicating that the intent is not to destroy, but to disable the Iraqi retreat. Nevertheless, in contrast to the funeral of Beverly Clark in Pennsylvania, a significant amount of death exists on the Highway for a U.S. Army chaplain, announced by the newscaster as a rabbi, to provide appropriate Muslim rights for. By now, Hunter has been reunited with other American POWs, including Larry Slade: when one hugs Hunter, it is evident the Iraqis broke his ribs. When the Iraqis come back, they come back with cheap perfume. Hunter challenges the captors, and enraged, one threatens to shoot him, but Hunter is not going to give them the satisfaction of showing fear this time either. He replies, "God bless America." The U.S. troops return home to widespread jubilation, including one Linda Buckholz in her wedding gown. The celebration contrasts with Phoebe Jeter at the grave site of her grandmother. Finally, President George Herbert Walker Bush gives an address celebrating the defeat of aggression and the restoration of Kuwait to its people.'] ['Holden is cast as Commander White, who during an enemy attack orders that his submarine dive to avoid destructionhttp://www.allmovie.com/work/submarine-command-112134 and therefore loses the captain of the boat on the last day of World War II. The bulk of the movie follows his career in the Navy after the war as his doubt and guilt wears on his marriage. Then just as he is about to resign from the Navy to escape the ghosts of his past the Korean War happens along and the movie concludes as an action thriller.MOVIE REVIEW Submarine Command'] ['The epic film begins with black and white historical stock footage and maps as a narrator gives the audience the "big picture" by explaining the world situation of the time. The narration continues with the Burma campaign, crediting the British Army and Imperial Forces involved to avoid giving offence like Objective, Burma! but does not mention the contributions of the Chinese X Force. The narrator continues to explain the presence and mission of the Marauders with a map showing their line of march in three columns spearheaded by a military intelligence and reconnaissance  platoon, led by Lt. Stockton or "Stock" . The black and white film segues into Technicolor as we see the platoon moving through the jungle. Hiding from a Japanese plane, Brigadier General Frank Merrill ([[Jeff Chandler  says that keeping his 3,000 G.I. jungle fighters hidden from the enemy for 200 miles is "driving me nuts". They have been discovered and the main column is soon under artillery fire. Lt Stock\'s platoon take out the artillery battery with platoon sniper "Bullseye" ([[Peter Brown  shooting the commander and the platoon destroying the emplacement with covering fire and the use of grenades. Stock reports to the fatherly pipe smoking Merrill. Their interpersonal relationship is like father and son; however both Merrill and Stock\'s platoon sergeant Kolowicz  think that Stock is too close to his men. Meanwhile, platoon scout Taggy , a Filipino Japanese speaking veteran of Bataan and Guadalcanal taps into enemy telephone wires to hear that the Japanese have discovered the American presence but do not know the size or mission of the unit. Merrill orders his men to drop their backpacks and hurry to their objective before the enemy reinforces it. The unit thinks they have volunteered for only "one dangerous and hazardous mission....somewhere"; the capture of a town called Walawbum that the platoon leads the attack on. After the successful battle, the mood is one of anticipation of going home, with light hearted moments of meeting a British Army unit of the Queen\'s Own Royal West Kent Regiment who ask whether the "Five thousand three hundred and seventh Composite Unit...PROVISIONAL!" is a Quartermaster unit. The troops celebrate their victory by having a mule race and are preparing to leave Burma to return home when General Joseph Stilwell  arrives to brief Merrill that his men have to seize another objective, Shaduzup. They then must capture the strategic airstrip at Myitkyina before the monsoon arrives, a trek of over 500 miles through jungle, swamps, and mountains. Merrill summons Stock and explains that his men have to do just one more mission  and watches from his window as he sees Stock\'s excited platoon gather in front of him then shamble off dejected when they hear the news leaving Stock alone. The unit continues their march through jungle and hellish swamps. In addition to tropical diseases they suffer from disorientation such as arguing whether its day or night in the dark jungle and being unable to remember what day it is with one Marauder winning the argument by saying HE knows what day it is as it\'s his birthday. Merrill radios for a needed airdrop of food but when he realises it will draw the Japanese, he orders his command back into the swamps. One of Stock\'s platoon, "Chowhound"  disobeys and runs out to the clearing covered in white parachutes and canisters where he\'s shot by the enemy and covered with a wind blown parachute shroud. The Marauders attack Shaduzup that is a railyard with massive maze-like concrete blocks that the Americans and Japanese fight at close contact in. An aerial shot following the pyrrhic victory shows the massive losses on both sides. As the Marauders sit exhausted and in shock, locals creep out to bring the jungle fighters food. When tough bearded platoon sergeant Kolowicz looks up to see an elderly woman feeding him like a child he breaks down into tears. Lt Stock meets and helps a wounded girl  by carrying her to the regimental aid post. Brigadier Merrill inspects the condition of his men that is summed up by a scene when a G.I. on an operating table screams \'Did Lemchek make it?\' and then dies. Merrill asks his medical officer "Doc"  "DID Lemchek make it?" "HE\'S Lemchek", is the reply. Merrill explains to Stock that they have to go on to Myitkyina. Stock replies that he and his men can\'t go on. Merrill tells him he can and just has to take one more step. Stock reminds Merrill his men are veterans of South Pacific campaigns and were promised to return home after volunteering for the one mission. Merrill tells Stock that he is a leader \'and sometimes leaders have to hurt people\'. Stock walks off dejected. The brigade continues their mission up steep mountains. The platoon mule handler "Muley"  has his beloved mule Eleanor collapse from the weight of her load. Sgt Kolowicz sadly but firmly tells "Muley" he will have to shoot Eleanor as she is holding up the column on the mountain track. The emotionally distraught "Muley" straps Eleanor\'s load on his back and trudges up the mountain range, passing an exhausted Kolowicz on the ground and glaring at him. As the mountains are crossed at last, "Muley" dies. In a meeting with his battalion commanders they feel drops of rain and realise they must hurry more. In one of the film\'s best lines that came from the book, Lieutenant Colonel Bannister  says, "when I go home and have a family, one day I\'ll line up all my children and tell them what Burma was really like. And if they don\'t cry, I\'ll beat the hell out of them". As night falls the survivors are hit by a massive artillery barrage and flares that light up the landscape making the men take cover in a river bed. Taggy the scout infiltrates the enemy\'s lines to return saying that a banzai charge is due at dawn. Japanese attempts at infiltration during the night are repulsed, but the men are unable to sleep. The dawn attack is fought off by the exhausted jungle fighters with weapons, bayonets, and unarmed combatives. After the attack Merrill orders his men up. They sit like sheep and stare. Merrill shouts that all his men have to do is take "just one more step, to put one foot in front of the other and take one more step". He suddenly collapses from a heart attack. The men led by Stock slowly rise up and trudge onwards towards Myitkyina as an incredulous "Doc" cradles Merrill in his arms. Fuller\'s original version ended with Merrill waking up on Myitkyina airstrip to the sound of airplanes landing with "Doc" gravely telling him that the men took the airstrip but at a great price.<ref nameFuller |firstA Third Face: My Tale of Writing, Fighting, and Filmmaking |yearNew York |publisher0-375-40165-2 }}http://www.marauder.org/comic32.htm Sperling, Warner Bros., and the U.S. Army felt that ending was too downbeat and replaced it with Duggan\'s narration over a montage sequence of battle scenes, then non Cinemascope stock footage of the 101st Airborne Division on parade that severely clashes with both the tone and the look of the rest of the film.'] ['The oil tanker mastered by Capt. Steve Jarvis  is sunk in the north Atlantic Ocean by a German U-boat. He and the first officer, his friend Joe Rossi , make it to a lifeboat along with other crewmen. When the U-boat crew starts filming their plight they respond with rude gestures and are rammed. The men swim to a raft and are rescued after 11 days adrift. During their brief liberty, Steve spends time with his wife Sarah , while Joe meets and marries singer Pearl O\'Neill . The film cuts to the union hall where merchant seamen--including the survivors of Jervis\' last ship--spend their time waiting to be assigned to a new ship. Over a round of poker, Pulaski  jokes about getting a shore job. When pressed by other seaman, Pulaski reveals his fear of dying at sea. The others shame him into signing along with them for another ship. Another sailor, "Boats" O\'Hara , is tracked down by his wife. whom he\'s apparently not seen since being rescued. She angrily serves him with a summons. O\'Hara, knowing he\'s headed back to sea, gleefully tears the summons up, saying "them \'Liberty Ships\' are well named". Then it is back to sea on a new Liberty ship, the SS Seawitch, on a convoy carrying vital war supplies to the Soviet port of Murmansk. Convoy 211 is attacked by a wolfpack, a group of German U-boats that hunt for convoys. There are losses on both sides, but the convoy commander is forced to order his ships to disperse. One persistent U-boat chases after the Seawitch, but loses contact in the night. A pair of Heinkel He 59 seaplanes find the freighter and attack. Both are shot down, but the second crashes into the bow. Steve is shot in the leg during the battle; Joe has to take command. The U-boat sights the ship again and hits her with a torpedo. Joe orders the men to set fires and make smoke so that it appears as if the ship is sinking. When the submarine surfaces to finish her off, Joe rams and sinks it. The Seawitch then limps into Murmansk to a warm Russian welcome.'] ['God Is My Co-Pilot was based on the best-selling autobiography by fighter pilot Col. Robert Lee Scott Jr. , who fought in the Pacific during World War II. At 34, Scott was considered too old to fly in combat, but he volunteered for a secret bombing raid from the Philippines against the Japanese capital of Tokyo. When the mission is cancelled after he arrives in India, Scott flies transport aircraft over The Hump into China. Scott persuades Claire Chennault , the leader of the Flying Tigers to let him fly with the airmen such as "Tex" Hill  who have been fighting the Japanese as a mercenary air force. Scott gets his chance to fight, ultimately engaging in combat with the deadly fictional Japanese pilot known as "Tokyo Joe" .'] ['In post-war Berlin, British Major Haven  recruits members of a returning German demolitions unit, Hans Globke , Peter Tillig , Wolfgang Sulke , Franz Loeffler , Karl Wirtz  and Eric Koertner , to defuse unexploded Allied bombs scattered throughout the city. Delighted by the well-paying position, Karl bets Eric that he will outlive him. Although initially taken aback by the wager, the other men soon agree that half of their salaries will go to the survivors of the dangerous mission in three months\' time. The British provide the men new uniforms and equipment, and assign Frau Bauer  as their liaison. Karl volunteers to lead the unit, but the men vote for the reluctant Eric instead. Later, Karl and Eric move into an Allied-approved boarding house run by pretty young widow Margot Hoefler , a French woman whose German husband died during the war. Several weeks go by in which the men successfully and safely defuse numerous bombs; then the men are stunned when young Globke is killed while defusing a British 1000-pound bomb. Suspecting that the bomb has double fuses, Eric asks Haven to request information from British armaments on its design. At the boardinghouse, Karl continually flirts with Margot, to Eric\'s annoyance. One evening when Margot loudly protests Karl\'s drunken advances, Eric bursts into Margot\'s room to help her and Karl retreats, ridiculing Eric for his motives. Deducing that Eric disapproves of her behavior, Margot explains that her uneasy situation as a traitor to the French and an outsider to the Germans has left her jaded and willing to take happiness wherever she can find it. When Eric remains critical, Margot accuses him of denying his own desires. A few days later, Frau Bauer receives a report that Tillig has been trapped under a live bomb by the partial collapse of a ruined building. With the other men away on assignments, Eric and Karl race to the site, and despite Tillig\'s protests, inspect the bomb. After Eric defuses the bomb safely, a doctor arrives and upon examining Tillig declares there is no chance for his survival. Refusing to accept the pronouncement, Eric hurries outside to request equipment to lift the bomb, but as Karl expresses his doubts, the building collapses on Tillig and the doctor. Distraught, Eric returns to the boardinghouse where he seeks solace from Margot. The next day, Eric takes Margot to another ruined section of the city and reveals that before the war he was an architect. Eric struggles to conceal his growing feelings for Margot, admitting that he is confused about becoming romantically involved while his life is in danger daily. Back at headquarters, Haven tells Eric that because of the post-war chaos, they have been unable to gather information on the thousand-pound bombs. When Haven discloses that he knows of Eric\'s former profession, Karl, unaware that his colleague was an esteemed architect, expresses surprise. Eric tells Haven that he was forced into demolitions when he fell into disfavor for making anti-Nazi political statements. Karl and the other men were all pressed into demolitions as punishment for some indiscretion and all vowed to do everything they could to survive the war. Mocking Eric\'s growing anxiety, Karl urges him to quit the unit and give up the wager, but Eric refuses. A month before the wager\'s deadline, Sulke is killed while defusing a bomb. Eric, Loeffler and the men agree to adhere to the terms of the wager but discuss giving the salaries to Sulke\'s widow and child. When Eric presents the proposal to Karl, he scoffs at the suggestion, explaining that his motto has always been to look after himself. The next day Loeffler is called to defuse a bomb found in a canal. Later, Eric learns that Loeffler has drowned in the attempt. That afternoon when Margot urges Eric to give up the bet and quit the unit, Eric explains he must know whether he can triumph over Karl\'s greed and selfishness. A few days later, Karl is assigned to defuse a thousand-pound bomb and Eric joins him at the site to make an inspection. The men discuss a strategy to avoid the potential second fuse, then Eric departs, but worriedly hovers nearby. After removing the top of the bomb, Karl gently handles the cap then abruptly calls for help, claiming the detonator pin has slipped. Eric rushes in and provides a pencil, which he offers to hold in place of the pin while Karl retrieves his tools from the landing. Moments later, Eric is stunned when the rope Karl used earlier to remove the top pulls tautly across his hand, forcing him to release the pencil. The bomb does not explode, however, and Eric realizes that Karl has tried to kill him. Eric punches Karl in the face. Once Karl gets back on his feet, he says, "Guess it\'s still my bomb." Eric replies, "Still your bomb." Eric then gets his coat and walks away. Karl resumes defusing the bomb. Once Eric is a safe distance away, the bomb explodes, killing Karl. The film closes after saluting the efforts of the ordnance removal teams, which have allowed Berlin to rebuild.'] ["Moving Picture World offered this plot summary:Moving Picture World, April 20, 1918, reprinted in James R. Mock and Cedric Larson, Words that Won the War: The Story of the Committee on Public Information, 1917-1919 , 151-2 :Macas, a mighty man, is a blacksmith in Louvain, while in the palace in Berlin lives the Kaiser. A captain of the guard, chided for the appearance of his men, in anger knocks the Kaiser down and then commits suicide. The Kaiser soon after starts the world war. Louvain is invaded; the blacksmith, though wounded, saves his daughter from a German soldier. Later, the Lusitania is sunk. The commander of the submarine is decorated and then goes mad. In an interview with Ambassador Girard the Kaiser says he will stand no nonsense from America after the war. Then follow further incidents and happenings leading up to the declaration of war by the United States, and Gerard secures his passports. Scenes of America's military and naval preparations are shown; then the scene shifts to the close of the war. The principal allied generals are gathered in the palace in Berlin, the Kaiser is a captive and is turned over to the King of Belgium, who appoints the blacksmith as his jailer."] ['The film opens on December 6, 1941,Excerpts from the Gettysburg Address precede the film\'s action scenes. In the aftermath, the beleaguered crew is taxed to the limit, as they are sent on with little rest first to Wake Island, then to Clark Field in the Philippines, with both locations under Japanese attack.  They take along fighter pilot Lt. Thomas "Tex" Rader ([[James Brown  and a small dog from the Marines on Wake named Tripoli. When they arrive in the Philippines, White receives the news that his son was killed on the first day trying to lead his squadron into the air. Quincannon has to give Robbie his son\'s effects. Soon after, Quincannon volunteers for a one-aircraft mission against a Japanese invasion fleet, but the Mary-Ann is attacked by enemy fighters and forced to abort. After the wounded Quincannon orders his men to bail out of the stricken bomber, he blacks out. Winocki checks up on him and manages to guide the bomber in for a belly landing. Having told the dying Quincannon Mary-Ann is ready to fly, the crew work feverishly through the night repairing the bomber, as the Japanese close in. Private Chester volunteers to fly as a gunner in a two-seat fighter aircraft. When the pilot is killed, Chester bails out of the fighter and is killed in his parachute by a Japanese fighter pilot. Winocki and White shoot down the Japanese aircraft. After the Japanese pilot emerges from his burning aircraft, an angry Winocki kills the pilot for murdering the defenseless Chester. The crew manages to finish repairs on the "Mary Ann" with the help of U.S. Marines and U.S. Army soldiers and the ship takes off just before the airfield is overrun. As the Mary-Ann heads for the safety of Australia, with Tex as a reluctant bomber pilot and a wounded Williams as co-pilot, they spot a powerful Japanese fleet below. The crew radios the information to all nearby airbases and aircraft carriers, then lead the attack when reinforcements arrive. {{#tag:ref|Although using wartime combat footage sparingly, the eventual missions portrayed in the Coral Sea sequences mirror real-life events.{{Citation needed}} As a mission against Tokyo is announced and the aircraft take off, President Roosevelt is heard giving a patriotic speech.'] ["In February 1942, the United States Army Air Forces plan to retaliate for the Pearl Harbor attack by bombing Tokyo and four other Japanese cities. Lt.Col. James Doolittle , the leader of the mission, assembles a volunteer force of aircrews who begin their top-secret training by learning to take their B-25 Mitchell medium bombers off in the short distance of 500 feet or less to simulate taking off from the deck of an aircraft carrier. After depicting the squadron's month of hazardous training at Eglin Field, Florida and Naval Air Station Alameda, the story goes on to describe the raid's aftermath. While en route to Japan, the Hornet{{'}}s task force is discovered by Japanese picket boats, and the bombers are forced to take off 12 hours early at the extreme limit of their range. After their successful attack on Japan, all but one of the B-25s run out of fuel before reaching their recovery airfields in China. As a result, their crews are forced to either bail out over China or crash-land along the coast . Lawson's B-25 unexpectedly crashes in the surf while trying to land on a beach in darkness and heavy rain. He and his crew survive, but then face tremendous hardships and danger while being escorted to American lines by friendly Chinese. Lawson suffered serious injuries when the aircraft crashed, requiring the mission's flight surgeon to amputate one of his legs. The story ends with Lawson being reunited with his wife Ellen in a Washington, DC, hospital."] ['During World War II, well-connected, Harvard-educated Lieutenant Gregg Masterman  enjoys his cushy posting as junior aide to Rear Admiral Stephen "Old Ironpants" Thomas , playing tennis and arranging social events. During a chance encounter, he gives bad advice to up-from-the-ranks Lieutenant Commander Martin J. Roberts  out of spite. As a result, Thomas gives Roberts command of an obsolete, World War I-vintage destroyer, the Warren. To his dismay however, Masterman finds himself assigned by Thomas as Roberts\' new executive officer. When Masterman learns that Henry Johnson , the ship\'s civilian caretaker, was a member of the Warrens original crew, he helps him reenlist and serve aboard his beloved ship. Despite his awkward beginning, Masterman begins to turn into an effective officer under Roberts\' tutelage, though Roberts has to constantly remind him that he cannot put the welfare of one person over that of the mission. On their way to rendezvous with a convoy commanded by Thomas, they are attacked by a Japanese airplane. Then, Johnson sustains a serious head injury during a storm, leaving him delirious and believing he is back in World War I. Finally, they rescue two pregnant women and 20 babies, survivors of a torpedoed ship. For comic relief, the crewmen  have to deal with their unusual passengers. One woman gives birth just before they sight the convoy. An aircraft hit cripples Thomas\'s flagship, damaging the steering mechanism. Thus, when a Japanese battleship sights the convoy, it is all up to the Warren. Roberts informs Masterman of his plan of attack. He intends to set up a smoke screen, hide behind it, and then emerge to launch a torpedo salvo. When the captain is injured, Masterman assumes command. During the battle, Johnson takes over the helm when a crewman is knocked out. It takes two attempts, but the Warren sinks the enemy.'] [' Jack Powell and David Armstrong are rivals in the same small American town, both vying for the attentions of pretty Sylvia Lewis. Jack fails to realize that "the girl next door", Mary Preston, is desperately in love with him. The two young men both enlist to become combat pilots in the Air Service. When they leave for training camp, Jack mistakenly believes Sylvia prefers him. She actually prefers David and lets him know about her feelings, but is too kindhearted to turn down Jack\'s affection. Jack and David are billeted together. Their tent mate is Cadet White, but their acquaintance is all too brief; White is killed in an air crash the same day. Undaunted, the two men endure a rigorous training period, where they go from being enemies to best friends. Upon graduating, they are shipped off to France to fight the Germans. Mary joins the war effort by becoming an ambulance driver. She later learns of Jack\'s reputation as an ace and encounters him while on leave in Paris. She finds him, but he is too drunk to recognize her. She puts him to bed, but when two Military Police barge in while she is innocently changing from a borrowed dress back into her uniform in the same room, she is forced to resign and return to America. The climax of the story comes with the epic Battle of Saint-Mihiel. David is shot down and presumed dead. However, he survives the crash landing, steals a German biplane, and heads for the Allied lines. By a tragic stroke of bad luck, he is spotted and shot down by Jack, who is bent on avenging his friend. When Jack lands to pick up a souvenir, he becomes distraught when he learns what he has done, but before David dies, he forgives his comrade. With the end of the war, Jack returns home to a hero\'s welcome. When he returns David\'s effects to his grieving parents, David\'s mother blames the war, not Jack, for her son\'s death. Then, Jack is reunited with Mary and realizes he loves her.'] ['Brian MacLean , Johnny Dutton , "Tiny" Murphy , "Blimp" Lebec  and "Scrounger" Harris  are bush pilots competing for business in rugged Northern Ontario, Canada in 1939, as the Second World War is beginning. While Dutton flies by the book, MacLean is a seat-of-the-pants kind of pilot, mirroring the differences in their personalities. When Dutton saves MacLean\'s life by transporting a doctor under dangerous flying conditions, MacLean is grateful. He steals and marries Dutton\'s badly-behaved girlfriend Emily Foster  in order to save him from a life of misery. Dutton, however, does not see MacLean\'s actions as an act of kindness, and abruptly ends their friendship. Depressed, Dutton gives his savings to charity and enlists in the Royal Canadian Air Force.     Later, after hearing Winston Churchill\'s "We shall fight on the beaches" speech on the radio, MacLean and the other bush pilots attempt to enlist in the air force, only to find that they are too old for combat. They agree to train as flight instructors for the Commonwealth Air Training Plan. Their superior officer is none other than Dutton. MacLean\'s brash and fiercely independent nature clashes with the military way of doing things and he inevitably washes out. For revenge, he and Tiny buzz the airfield in their bush planes when renowned Canadian First World War ace Air Marshal William "Billy" Bishop  attends his group\'s graduation ceremony. Unfortunately, Tiny suffers a blackout  during a strenuous maneuver, crashes and dies. When two transport aircraft crash, killing all 44 ferry pilots aboard, there is a desperate need for pilots to transport Lockheed Hudson bombers to Britain. MacLean and other civilians volunteer to fly the unarmed bombers from Newfoundland. He finds himself in a flight commanded by Dutton when they are attacked by a Messerschmitt Bf 109. "Blimp" Lebec is shot down. With his navigator Scrounger dead and no other way to fight back, MacLean uses his superb flying skills to crash his unwieldy bomber into the nimble fighter, sacrificing himself to save the remainder of the flight.'] ['The movie revolves around a battle between an American Buckley-class destroyer escort, the USS Haynes , and a German U-boat that is attempting to rendezvous with a German merchant raider in the South Atlantic Ocean. Captain Murrell , a former officer in the merchant marine and now an active duty Lieutenant Commander in the Naval Reserve, has recently taken command of the Haynes, even though he is still weak from having survived the sinking of his previous ship. Before the U-boat is first detected, a loud mouthed sailor, dumping garbage, questions the new captain\'s fitness and ability, calling him a \'feather merchant.\'http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Feather%20Merchant However, as the battle begins, Murrell shows himself to be a match for wily U-boat Kapitän von Stolberg  in a prolonged, deadly battle of wits that tests both men and their crews. Each man grows to respect his opponent. In the end, von Stolberg succeeds in torpedoing the destroyer. However, Murrell has one last trick up his sleeve. Ordering his men to abandon ship, he tells them to first set fires on the deck to make the ship look more damaged than it actually is. This, he hopes will cause the U-boat\'s captain to surface and sink the destroyer with the U-boat\'s deck gun instead of using another valuable torpedo. His ploy works, and when von Stolberg surfaces to finish off the Haynes, Murrell orders his gunners to disable the submarine and destroy its deck gun. Ordering the skeleton crew manning the engine room to set the engines at full speed and abandon ship, he then turns the sinking Haynes towards the U-boat. Von Stolberg orders his crew to set the sub\'s detonators and abandon ship. The Haynes rams the U-boat almost cutting it in two, ensuring that the submarine would not escape. Murrell, the last man aboard his ship, is about to abandon ship when he notices the German captain  on the conning tower of the U-boat with the submarine\'s wounded executive officer . Respectfully, Von Stolberg salutes Murrell, who returns the salute. Murrell then tosses a rope to the submarine and pulls each man on board, he then says they should abandon ship, leaving the dying "Heini" Schwaffer , but von Stolberg refuses to leave his dying friend. At that point members of both crews scramble on board, helping the three men into a lifeboat. They manage to clear the tangled wrecks just before the sub explodes. The film ends as the German survivors, now on another American destroyer, consign Schwaffer\'s body to the deep, as the American crew watches respectfully.'] ['On the morning of June 6, 1944, the beginning of the Normandy invasion, American soldiers prepare to land on Omaha Beach. They struggle against dug-in German infantry, machine gun nests, and artillery fire, which cut down many of the men. Captain John H. Miller, the company commander of Charlie Company, 2nd Ranger Battalion, survives the initial landing and assembles a group of soldiers to penetrate the German defenses, leading to a breakout from the beach. In the United States Department of War in Washington, D.C., General George Marshall is informed that three of four brothers in the Ryan family have all died within days of each other and that their mother will receive all three telegrams on the same day. He learns that the fourth son, Private First Class James Francis Ryan of Baker Company, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division is missing in action somewhere in Normandy. After reading to his staff Abraham Lincoln\'s letter to Mrs. Bixby, Marshall orders that Ryan be found and sent home immediately. In France, three days after D-Day, Miller receives orders to find Ryan. He assembles six men from his company , plus one detailed from the 29th Infantry Division , a clerk who speaks fluent French and German, to accomplish the task. With no information about Ryan\'s whereabouts, Miller and his men move out to Neuville. On the outskirts of Neuville they meet a platoon from the 101st. After entering the town under heavy rain, Caparzo is wounded by a sniper in the chest, and slowly bleeds to death, since nobody can go out into the open without getting hit. Jackson is able to kill the sniper after Caparzo dies. They locate a Private James Frederick Ryan from Minnesota, but soon realize that he\'s not their man. They find a member of Charlie Company, 506th, who informs them that his drop zone was at Vierville and that Baker and Charlie companies had the same rally point. Once they reach it, Miller locates a friend of Ryan\'s, who reveals that Ryan is defending a strategically important bridge over the Merderet River in the town of Ramelle. On the way to Ramelle, Miller decides to take the opportunity to neutralize a small German machine gun position close to an abandoned radar station, despite the misgivings of his men. Wade, their medic, is fatally wounded in the ensuing skirmish. The last surviving German, known only as "Steamboat Willie", incurs the wrath of all the squad members except Upham, who protests to Miller about letting the squad shoot the German soldier. The German pleads for his life and Miller decides to let him walk away, blindfolded, and surrender himself to the next Allied patrol. Viewing Miller\'s decision as letting the enemy go free, and no longer confident in Miller\'s leadership, Reiben declares his intention to desert the squad and the mission, prompting a confrontation with Horvath. The argument heats up, until Miller defuses the situation by revealing his pre-war occupation as an English teacher, a question upon which the squad had set up a betting pool. Reiben then reluctantly decides to stay. The squad finally arrives on the outskirts of Ramelle, where they come upon three paratroopers ambushing a German half-track. Among the paratroopers is Ryan. After entering Ramelle, Ryan is told of his brothers\' deaths, and their mission to bring him home, and that two lives had been lost in the quest to find him. He is distressed at the loss of his brothers, but does not feel it is fair to go home, asking Miller to tell his mother "when you found me I was here, I was with the only brothers I have left," looking at the small band whose duty it was to defend a bridge and destroy an approaching German mechanized unit. Miller decides to take command and defend the bridge with what little manpower and resources are available. The Germans arrive in force with more than 50 men supported by armor. In spite of inflicting heavy German casualties and destroying two tanks with sticky bombs , most of the Americans—including Jackson, Mellish, and Horvath—are killed. While attempting to blow the bridge, Miller is shot and mortally wounded. Just before a Tiger reaches the bridge, an American P-51 Mustang flies over and destroys it, followed by more Mustangs and advancing American infantry and M4 Sherman tanks who rout the remaining Germans. Upham, who was cut off from the Americans and hid in a ditch next to the advancing Germans, comes out of hiding as the Germans flee and orders them to drop their weapons. The Germans comply but Upham summarily executes "Steamboat Willie" when the latter recognizes him. Ryan, Reiben, and Upham are the only surviving Americans of the battle. Ryan is with Miller as he dies and says his last words, "James... earn this. Earn it." In the present day, Ryan, now an elderly veteran, and his family visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial at Colleville-sur-mer; Normandy, France. Ryan stands at Miller\'s grave. He asks his wife to confirm that he has led a good life and that he is a "good man" and thus worthy of the sacrifice of Miller and the others. He then salutes Miller\'s grave.'] ['In Somalia, famine and civil war have gripped the country, resulting in over 300,000 civilian deaths and a huge United Nations peacekeeping operation. With the bulk of the peacekeepers withdrawn, the Somali militia have declared war on the remaining UN personnel. In response, U.S. Army Rangers, Delta Force personnel, and 160th SOAR aviators are deployed to Somalia to capture Mohammed Farrah Aidid, self-proclaimed president of the country. Outside Mogadishu, Rangers and Delta Force operators capture Osman Ali Atto, a warlord selling arms to the militia of Aidid. Shortly thereafter, a mission is planned to capture Omar Salad Elmi and Abdi Hassan Awale Qeybdiid, two of Aidid\'s top advisers. The U.S. forces include experienced men as well as new recruits, including Private First Class Todd Blackburn and a desk clerk going on his first mission. When his Lieutenant is removed from duty as the result of a seizure, Staff Sergeant Matthew Eversmann is placed in command of Ranger Chalk Four, his first command. The operation is launched and Delta Force operators successfully capture Aidid\'s advisers inside the target building, but the Rangers and helicopters escorting the ground-extraction convoy take heavy fire, while Sgt. Eversmann\'s Chalk Four is dropped a block away by mistake. When Blackburn is severely injured after falling from one of the Black Hawk helicopters, three Humvees led by Sergeant  Jeff Struecker are detached from the convoy to return Blackburn to the UN-held Mogadishu Airport. Sgt. Dominick Pilla is shot and killed just as Struecker\'s column gets underway, and shortly thereafter Black Hawk Super-Six One, piloted by CWO Clifton "Elvis" Wolcott, is shot down by a rocket-propelled grenade  and crashes deep within the city. Both pilots are killed, the two crew chiefs are wounded, and one Delta sniper on board escapes in another helo that makes it back to base. The ground forces are rerouted to converge on the crash site, but the Somali militia throw up roadblocks, causing LTC Danny McKnight\'s Humvee column to lose its way, while sustaining heavy casualties. Meanwhile, two Ranger Chalks, including Eversmann\'s unit, reach Super-Six One\'s crash site, setting up a defensive perimeter to await evacuation with the two wounded men and the fallen pilots. In the interim, Super-Six Four, piloted by CWO Michael Durant is also shot down by an RPG, crashing several blocks away. With Cpt. Mike Steele\'s Rangers pinned down and sustaining heavy casualties, no ground forces can reach Super Six Four\'s crash site, nor reinforce the Rangers defending Super Six One. Two Delta snipers, SFC Randy Shughart and MSG Gary Gordon are inserted by helicopter to Super Six Four\'s crash site, where they find Durant still alive. The crash site is eventually overrun, Gordon and Shughart are killed, and Durant is captured and taken to Aidid. McKnight\'s column gives up the attempt to reach Six-One\'s crash site, and returns to base with their prisoners and the casualties. The men prepare to go back to extract the pinned down Rangers and the fallen pilots and MG Garrison orders the 10th Mountain Division, including Malaysian and Pakistani forces, to mobilize as a relief column. As night falls the Somali militia launch a sustained assault on the trapped Americans at Super Six One\'s crash site. The militia is held off throughout the night by strafing runs and rocket attacks from AH-6J Little Bird helicopter gunships of the Nightstalkers, until the 10th Mountain Division\'s relief column is able to reach the site. The wounded and casualties are evacuated in the vehicles, but a handful of remaining Rangers and Delta Force operators are forced to run from the crash site back to the stadium, in the UN Safe Zone. The closing credits detail the results of the raid: 19 American soldiers were killed, with over 1,000 Somalis dead. Durant was released after 11 days of captivity. Delta snipers Gordon and Shughart were the first soldiers to be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War. On August 2, 1996, Aidid was killed in a battle with a rival clan. General Garrison retired the following day.'] ['The film begins in black and white at the end of World War I. A Private , using his trench knife, kills a German soldier who was approaching with his arms raised and muttering in German. In the background stands a wooden crucifix, the wood infested with termites. When he returns to his company\'s headquarters, the private is told that the war ended "about four hours ago." The 1st Division patch is shown in color. The film then transitions to a Sergeant  as he leads his squad of infantrymen through North Africa, Sicily, and then on to Omaha Beach at the start of the Battle of Normandy. The squad crosses the same field where the sergeant killed the surrendering German decades before, where a memorial now stands. The following short conversation takes place: :Johnson: Would you look at how fast they put the names of all our guys who got killed? :The Sergeant: That\'s a World War One memorial. :Johnson: But the names are the same. :The Sergeant: They always are. The squad then treks though Europe, ending up at the liberation of Falkenau concentration camp in Czechoslovakia. At the end of the film, the sergeant is in a forest, at night, having just buried a young boy he had befriended after liberating a concentration camp. A German soldier approaches, attempting to surrender, and the sergeant stabs him. His squad then arrives and informs him that the war ended "about four hours ago." This time, as the squad walks away, one of his men notices that the German is still alive; the sergeant and his men work frantically to save his life as they return to their encampment.'] ['{{plot}} The film begins with a summary of how the Allies are struggling to stop U-boats from sinking their freighters. The scene transfers to U-571, which torpedoes and sinks a freighter. The crew is happy with the kill, but seconds later the sonar man reports having detected high speed screws approaching. The Captain sights a destroyer, and orders the U-571 to dive. The destroyer drops depth charges, snapping a fuel line, which catches fire and kills the entire engineering crew. Because of sustained damage, U-571 is forced to resurface. The Captain learns that the batteries are almost depleted, both diesel engines are inoperable, and the engineering crew is dead. An Enigma-encoded SOS is sent to Berlin for aid. Meanwhile, the crew of the United States Navy submarine S-33 are celebrating ENS Larson\'s wedding and 48 hours leave. During the party, LT Andrew Tyler enters looking solemn, having been denied his first command. After complaining to LCDR Dahlgren, he is rebuffed and upset to learn that Dahlgren withheld his recommendation and voted against his receiving the promotion. Military Police suddenly arrive, announcing a secret mission that ends shore leave. The men arrive to find their boat, the S-33, modified to resemble a German U-boat. The crewman must wear German uniforms. Hirsch, a naval Intelligence officer who is fluent in German, orders Tyler to locate Radioman Wentz, who is fluent in German due to his immigrant parents. At the same time, a Marine named Coonan arrives in a convoy loaded with high explosives. After the S-33 sails, Hirsch explains that the Allies intercepted the disabled U-571{{\'}}s SOS. They will masquerade as the resupply ship for U-571, board it, capture the Enigma coding device and scuttle  the U-571. Tyler is skeptical but goes along. Wentz asks Tyler to keep his German heritage a secret. The S-33 leaves Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Back on U-571, attempted repairs fail and the Captain is alerted that survivors from the merchant ship he sank have been spotted in a lifeboat, asking for asylum. He orders his men to shoot them, as their orders are to spare no survivors. His men reluctantly comply. During a storm, the S-33 comes across U-571 and sends the boarding party over, led by Coonan. Hirsch temporarily freezes and Wentz is forced to speak German in front of his friends in order for the group to retain their cover until their rafts are tied up. At first, the Germans openly welcome the S-33, but when a midshipman looks through his binoculars, he immediately identifies the weapons as American. He alerts the rest of the Germans, and they exchange fire with the S-33 crewmen. The Americans are able to take the boat by force, capture the Enigma and begin rounding up the prisoners, including the Captain. As the prisoners are transferred between ships and the scuttling charges are laid, Dahlgren, standing on the upper deck of the S-33, notices the sound of a detonation. He turns around in horror, to see a streak coming towards the S-33 underwater. The ship is torpedoed and sunk by the real German resupply sub. C.O. Dahlgren, wounded in the water, orders his men on the captured U-boat to submerge and save themselves.  Coonan, Larson and many others are lost, forcing Tyler to take command and dive the captured U-boat. There is a desperate scramble to disarm the charges they placed. With only Hirsch and Wentz able to read German, they struggle with interpreting the controls and then fire a salvo of torpedoes, destroying the enemy U-Boat, draining the last of the sub\'s batteries and spending all but the last torpedo, loaded in the malfunctioning aft torpedo tube. Surfacing, Tyler and his men search for survivors and find two: Eddie the cook from the S-33 and a German sailor claiming to be an electrician, but who is actually the Captain of U-571. After repairing one of the diesel engines, thus restoring power and propulsion, Tyler decides to take the disabled submarine to England. Some of the men disagree with Tyler\'s decision and Tyler replies with, "I don\'t know", to their questions. Chief Klough privately rebukes Tyler, saying, "A Captain always knows what to do, whether he does or not." He also rebukes Mazzola in front of others for openly disagreeing with Tyler. They spot an aircraft, and Mazzola - against Tyler\'s orders - tries to convince Rabbit to fire on the plane with the deck gun, which appears to be coming in for an attack, but is only scouting for a German destroyer named the Anschluss. Tyler punches Mazzola for ignoring the Chain of Command and his stupidity. The captured German Captain breaks free, attacks Tank and kills Mazzola before being subdued. Unaware that the U-571 has been commandeered by Americans, the Anschluss sends over a small contingent to meet and greet their German comrades. Right before boarders arrive, Tyler has Rabbit fire a shot from the deck gun right into the ship\'s radio tower, preventing the destroyer from reporting that the Enigma code has been compromised, and dives underneath her. The destroyer begins to drop depth charges to try to sink U-571. Tyler plans to trick the destroyer into stopping by ejecting debris and Mazzola\'s corpse out of an empty torpedo tube, faking their own destruction. The younger men balk at using their crewman\'s body this way, but Tyler states that Mazzola is saving their lives. U-571 will then surface and hit the ship with their last torpedo. The German destroyer continues dropping depth charges. U-571, hiding at great depth below 200 meters, is damaged by the high water pressure. In preventing the submarine from sinking, control of the main ballast tanks are lost and the ship ascends uncontrollably. Tyler orders Trigger to submerse himself in the bilge underwater to repressurize the torpedo tubes. During the ascent, the German prisoner tries to warn the destroyer in Morse Code that they\'re not dead yet. Wentz translates the message in German, "I am U-571. Destroy me!" Enraged, Hirsch grabs a large wrench and kills the prisoner. Trigger manages to close the air valve for the tubes, but a second leak and valve are unexpectedly revealed, both behind a wall of pipes; Trigger\'s arm can\'t reach, and his air hose is too short. When Tank reports this, Tyler rushes to the engine room himself. Tyler tells him that they need him to do this and orders him to get the job done. U-571 surfaces without a torpedo to fire. The destroyer fires on the ship, which runs using its diesel engine, but takes heavy damage from the destroyer\'s deck guns and starts to flood. Trigger leaves behind the air hose and closes the second valve, but the damage causes pipes to collapse, trapping his leg, and he drowns. The second the pressure is available, Tyler orders Tank to fire the final torpedo. The German ship is destroyed; in front of everyone, Chief Klough tells Tyler that if he ever needs a Chief, he would gladly go to sea with him anytime. Tank reports Trigger\'s death while carrying out his order, but U-571 has taken severe damage and will not stay afloat for long. The crew abandons ship with the Enigma in tow, and watches it sink while mourning their lost crewmates and for the German sub, which ironically, saved their lives. Floating aboard an inflatable lifeboat, they are eventually spotted by a US Navy sea-plane.'] ["Squad leader Sgt. Larkin  and his men are getting ready to take a well-deserved rest after being on the front line for several weeks. During an interlude at a church and later at a tavern, the senior non-commissioned officer, Technical Sergeant Pike , happens upon John Reese , a former sergeant who is now a private. Reese is the quintessential troubled loner, managing to alienate himself from almost everyone in the squad right from the beginning. The company commander, Capt. Loomis , is worried because Reese goes crazy when there is no fighting, but Pike comments that he is a good soldier in combat. Sgt. Pike informs the men that they will shortly be going back on the line. After much complaining, the men get ready to move out. The remaining members of 2nd Squad include con-man/thief Corby , the mechanic-who-can-fix-anything Corporal Henshaw , the easy-going, somewhat-naive kid, Cumberly , Polish refugee Homer Janeczek ([[Nick Adams  and family man Kolinsky . The morning after they arrive at their appointed post and dig in, the men realize they are spread so thin that any reconnaissance by the Germans will quickly reveal how weak the American defenses are. One stroke of good luck is the sudden and mistaken arrival of an Army company clerk, Private First Class James Driscoll . Larkin quickly puts Driscoll’s jeep to use by having Henshaw rig it to backfire and sound like a tank. Driscoll himself is put to use improvising misleading radio messages for a hidden microphone left by the Germans in an abandoned pillbox . A German raid results in Cumberly's death, but Reese manages to kill three Germans in close combat. So wound up by the combat that he can barely stand still, Reese recommends hitting the German pillbox on the other side of a field filled with mines and barbed wire to make the enemy think the Americans are at normal strength. Larkin decides to go find some help and see if he can get permission from Pike for the attack, but is killed in an artillery barrage. Reese decides to proceed without orders and persuades the others to go along. The attack fails, with Henshaw fatally burned by his exploding flamethrower tanks and Kolinsky dying screaming from shrapnel through the back and abdomen. Reinforcements do arrive soon thereafter, along with Sgt. Pike and Capt. Loomis, who berates Reese and decides not to court-martial the insubordinate private only so he can be at the front of the American assault at dawn. The pillbox fires on the advancing Americans. Reese throws a satchel charge into the pillbox. When it is tossed out by the defenders, he grabs it and, by now gravely wounded, carries it in, blowing up the fortification and himself."] ["In the Straits of Sembaleng, five men are dispatched by submarine in kayaks to rescue survivors of a shot-down plane on a nearby island which is occupied by the Imperial Japanese Army. Led by Paul Kelly , an inexperienced commando officer, the team secretly lands on the island and hides their kayaks. As they venture in land, Ted 'Kingo' King is hit by fire from an unseen machine gun post, the team quickly eliminates the Japanese defenders and return to their wounded comrade. King has been hit on the leg, the bullet smashing his kneecap. Since King can't walk and if he was left to the Japanese he would tortured then executed, Kelly authorises fellow Australian Dan Costello to kill King humanely. The four remaining men return to their search, coming across a rice farmer they learn of the area in which the plane crashed. But as they near their destination they come across a Japanese squad at a local house, after the Japanese leave they enter the house and meet the local resistance leader Lin, his grown up daughter Chien Hua and her younger brothers and sisters. With a guide to lead them to the plane, they head off to the plane but are attacked by Japanese soldiers at a Buddhist Temple. Separated from the rest interpreter Jan Veitch ends up returning to Lin's house only for him to be hidden by Chien Hua from the returning Japanese. After the deaths of their soldiers the Japanese officers Watanabe and Imanaka torture Chien for telling them the location of her father, but Chien Hua refuses. Only for Lin's son Shaw Hu tell the Japanese that Lin, the Z men and the planes survivors are heading for the islands capital . All the Japanese leave except for two soldiers guarding Chien Hua which Veitch kills with help of Shaw Hu. Meanwhile within sight of the plane Kelly watches as locals blow up the wreckage. Lin is evasive and after quizzing the inhabitants of a village between the plane and them, the team head on to the plane. Kelly manages to get Lin to tell them that the two survivors are being taken to his home, so they turn around and head back. In the capital Veitch is led to the survivors. One of them is a defecting Japanese government official Imoguchi, and he is believed to hold a secret that could end the war faster. Only Kelly knows he must be rescued at any cost or killed. As the pieces of the puzzle begin to fall together, Kelly must persuade his own men that Imoguchi is worth rescuing and the local resistance that it is worth fighting against their Japanese enemies."] ['{{Plot}} As the Norfolk Naval Shipyard  fell to Confederate forces, and the Union forces withdrew, Leslie Harmon  extinguished a powder trail to destroy a dry dock. Although of military necessity, the act would have caused significant collateral damage to neighboring civilians. Harmon is awaiting a court martial when he is brought to Commodore Joseph Smith  and his son Lt. Joseph B. Smith, Jr. . As the Union Navy is concerned as to reports of a Confederate ironclad, CSS Virginia, being built from the remains of the burned USS Merrimack, father and son Smith offer Harmon a pardon if he will conduct espionage on the project: indeed, Gosport regards Harmon a hero for his actions. He will be assisted by a socialite from a wealthy family, Betty Stuart , who detests slavery. After a moment of apprehension, Harmon accepts. Harmon gets to attend a test where the iron that makes up the hull is fired on. During the test the armor proves to be unable to withstand the cannon rounds. With the help of a slave, Cletus , he learns that the test firing is deliberate disinformation, manufactured for suspected Union sympathizers. He discovers plates in the barn from a previous secret test have almost no damage. Betty is able to provide more information on the Virginia from her social networks in the Confederate navy. Betty, in league with Cletus\' wife Opal , sends information north regularly. However, after Betty urges Harmon to return North with the information, she falls in love with Catesby Jones  whom she later learns is to serve on the Virginia. Her love for Catesby compromises her love for the Union, and she tries to stop Harmon at the beach, threatening to alert the pickets on the beach. Harmon notes that he is responsible for having saved the dry dock and must stop the Virginia, and notes that having him shot would merely put him in the same spot he was in in the brig. He rows off for Union-occupied Fort Monroe across Hampton Roads: Betty does not compromise him after all. Betty and Opal have words over her anguish: Opal would rather see Cletus dead than be a slave, Opal disagrees that one man\'s life is more important than the war, and responds to Betty\'s concession of misunderstanding that Betty would understand if she was black. Betty confesses her role to Catesby before the Virginia sails off to break the Union blockade at Hampton Roads. Betty is promptly arrested by Lt. Guilford  on suspicion of espionage. The Virginia first approaches the USS Congress as Lt. Smith rallies his men on board to "do their duty"; Captain Franklin Buchanan  of the Virginia rallies his men, similarly. Congress fires a full broadside into Virginia to no effect. Buchanan wants to take the U.S.S. Cumberland first because it is a more dangerous warship with rifled cannon, sinks it, and returns to the Congress. Lt. Austin Pendergrast  has become a praying man. He becomes acting captain when Smith is killed rallying his men during the firefight. Prendergrast orders the ship surrendered, however, Brigadier General Joseph K. Mansfield\'s shore batteries prevent the Virginia from boarding the Congress, and wound Captain Buchanan when he goes on deck and returns fire with a carbine. Buchanan orders Catesby to set the Congress ablaze, which he does. Opal joins Betty a short time later and they discover that the evidence found on Opal was not sufficient proof of Betty\'s guilt, and also that Catesby Jones did not report Betty to authorities. However, Opal reminds Betty of the predicament she is in, and shows her a gallows being built outside the window. Betty watches Lt. Guilford honor the courage of a Union spy, Spencer Brown , who is immediately hanged. That night, Guilford asks Betty not to die for a lost cause, as Lt. Smith had done, according to survivors from the Congress. Father Smith only needed to know that the Congress surrendered: his son would not have surrendered. Betty asks if she has to die for a lost cause, would he honor her, too? No, he says. The USS Monitor sails in between the burning Congress and the Virginia to protect the USS Minnesota, which has run aground and is defenseless until high tide returns the next day. Only the low tide has prevented Virginia from finishing off the Minnesota. Captain Van Brunt Civil War Navy Dispatches offered instructions and Leslie Harmon to Captain John Worden  of the Monitor. Worden makes Harmon, familiar with Hampton Roads and the CSS Virginia, midshipman on the spot. The morning of battle, Catesby Jones introduces his crew to the Monitor between them and the Minnesota. Worden does his best to engage Virginia as far from the Minnesota as he can. Virginia\'s first shot demonstrates that Monitor\'s armor will hold. Virginia "steers worse than Noah\'s Ark", Lt. Simms  informs Catesby that Virginia is leaking at the bow, Harmon tells Worden it would take Virginia 30 minutes to turn, and later adds that Virginia would be grounded in shallow water. It is. Engineer Ramsey  is ordered to tie the safety valve closed, and the desperate attempt gets them free. Monitor\'s two gun revolving turret shake metal loose from Virginia but that is all. Finally, Virginia tries to ram Monitor but misses. Worden tries the same, trying to knock out Virginia\'s rudder, but is temporarily blinded by a shell blast through the eye holes. Monitor has also missed. Monitor temporarily withdraws until Worden tells Lt. Samuel Green  to protect the Minnesota. But Virginia can no longer get near the Minnesota for a good shot, nor attempt a long shot with any accuracy. Risking splitting open the bow and short of steam pressure for the pumps, Catesby withdraws as Monitor returns to the Minnesota. Both sides claimed victory, but the Monitor denied Confederate access to the ocean. John Ericsson  has an argument with Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles  over the use of insufficient powder in Monitor\'s guns to sink the Virginia: Welles responds it was a calculated decision to save the lives of the crew. President Lincoln  settles the row by saying Ericsson has made naval history and, moreover, offers to pay Ericsson\'s bill. Lt. Guilford, glad not to hang a "pretty girl", releases Betty and Opal. Catesby had reported that Betty had communicated misinformation to the Union that made the Monitor fire the guns with reduced powder. She meets Catesby, and Catesby respects Betty\'s conscience, but notes that a relationship is impossible because she had to risk the life of Catesby and his men. He advises her to go North, and says goodbye. A voiceover indicates that the Virginia was scuttled later that year after Union troops took Norfolk, and that the Monitor sank off Cape Hatteras later that year as well.'] ['In May 1943, the crew of the Memphis Belle, a B-17 of the US Army Air Force stationed in England, are grounded while their aircraft is being repaired and they wait for the return of their comrades from a daylight bombing mission over Europe. The airbase is under the command of Colonel Craig Harriman , a no-nonsense, practically stoic leader tasked in keeping the pressure on Nazi targets. All of the aircraft arrive back at the airfield, however the last bomber starts to suffer engine and landing gear trouble moments before landing. It belly lands and skids along the airfield for several hundred yards and explodes, killing all aboard. Visiting the airbase is Army publicist Lt. Colonel Bruce Derringer . Derringer is sent to interview and publicize the Belle crew in preparation of completing their twenty-five missions requirement to complete their tour of duty. Since they will be the first to accomplish this feat in the whole air force, the base holds a dance celebration in their honor. The ten-man crew of the Memphis Belle is: *Captain Dennis Dearborn , Pilot. A humorless and socially inept perfectionist, Dennis worked for his family\'s furniture business before enlisting. He named the aircraft after his girlfriend and keeps a black-and-white snapshot of her in the cockpit. He is openly teased by his crew for his unwavering professional attitude during preflight checks, and inflight briefings which the crew have reviewed dozens of times. Regardless, he proves to be a competent and capable leader. *1st Lt. Luke Sinclair , Co-Pilot. The carefree former lifeguard believes himself to be undervalued by Dennis and desires to get his hands on a gun at least once - which he does, with terrible consequences - but proves himself at a critical moment during the mission. *Lt. Phil Lowenthal , Navigator. Phil is nervous before their final mission and, convinced that he is doomed to die, drinks too much at the party and distributes his possessions to the rest of the crew. *Lt. Val Kozlowski , Bombardier and Medic. While everyone believes the confident, self-assured Val to be a doctor, it is later revealed that he attended only two weeks of medical school before enlisting. *Sgt. Danny "Danny Boy" Daly , Radio Operator. An earnest Irish-American, Danny was editor of the school paper, a valedictorian, and joined up right after graduating college. He is often seen taking pictures of his crewmates with a small camera which he frequently takes on missions, and writes poetry in a notebook. When his crewmates pick on a group of rookie airmen, frightening one of them to the point of vomiting, he shows compassion by reassuring the airman, also a fellow radio operator, he\'ll survive. *Sgt. Virgil "Virgin" Hoogesteger , Top Turret Gunner and Flight Engineer. Virge worked for his family\'s restaurant and plans to open a chain of identical restaurants after the war despite his crew-mate\'s warnings that such an unheard of enterprise could never succeed. He is constantly teased for not having lost his virginity, hence his nickname. However, he manages to spend the evening with a young Englishwoman he met at the party. *Sgt. Richard "Rascal" Moore , Ball Turret Gunner. The diminutive, often crude Rascal considers himself a ladies\' man  and delights in teasing his crew mates, especially Virgil and his virginity. He becomes increasingly nervous of the ball turret\'s tendency to jam during combat. *Sgt. Eugene "Genie" McVey , Right Waist Gunner. A religious and superstitious Irish-American, Genie carries a St. Anthony\'s medal on missions for good luck, and has a tendency to lose it. His fellow waist gunner, Jack, often teases him for his superstitious nature, calling him "Genie the Weenie". *Sgt. Jack Bocci , Left Waist Gunner. A hot-tempered Chicago hoodlum, Jack appears to look out only for himself but proves surprisingly kind to his fellow waist gunner Genie. He\'s always eager for a fight, and will often sweet talk to his gun whom he affectionately calls "Mona". *Sgt. Clay Busby , Tail Gunner. After his father lost the family farm in a poker game, the laconic Clay earned money playing the piano in a New Orleans cathouse. A talented singer, he performs "Danny Boy"  at the party before their final mission. A gambler himself, Clay is frequently asked by his crewmates what the odds are if they survive the mission that day, odds which he seldom predicts favorably. The morning after the party, the officers of the squadron are informed that their target for the day is the city of Bremen, Germany. Almost immediately, the experienced officers in the squadron begin to worry. Earlier, it was established that the target was previously attacked a month earlier, and a quarter of the squadron was lost. After a delay due to poor weather over the target, the Memphis Belle and her squadron are airborne. After assembling their formation and collecting their escort of North American P-51 Mustang fighters, the aircraft fly toward their target only to face constant harassment by defending German Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters. Eventually the escorting fighters, low on fuel, turn away and the bombers continue alone. Back at the base, Harriman and Derringer have harsh words after the latter starts decorating the mess hall for a celebration upon the Belles return. Derringer accuses Harriman of being cold-hearted and concerned only with advancing his military career. In response, Harriman brings Derringer into his office and angrily dumps a pile of letters on the desk - replies received from families of lost airmen that he himself had written to. The anguished voices of those families are heard over actual black-and-white footage, taken by both sides of the air combat over Europe. Meanwhile, the bombers have suffered significant losses on their mission. The German interceptors focus their attacks on the aircraft leading the formation. The first lead plane, Windy City loses its engines and explodes right in front of the Belle. The bomber manages to fly through the debris unscathed, but frightens a few of the crew, especially Phil who becomes more terrified when he sees blood on the nose window. Afterwards, they rather callously discuss how the Windy City crew died so quickly, and reminisce about a few of her crew members whose faces they know, but names they can\'t remember. Their memories are soon filled with grief as they silently contemplate the dangerous nature of their duties. More attacks ensue, and the replacement lead plane, the C Cup, is forced to return to base when its nose is crippled by a Bf 109. The crew of the Belle watch in horror when they see a body fall out of the stricken aircraft without a parachute. Now it is the Belles turn to take over as lead aircraft of the formation. Finding the target  obscured by a smokescreen, Dennis aborts the bomb run and orders the formation to circle again in spite of heavy anti-aircraft fire and the extreme possibility of suffering more casualties to the squadron. Meanwhile, Luke has been itching to do something other than sit in the co-pilot\'s seat and watch the battle around him. Before they took off he secured an agreement with Clay to fire the tail gunners gun when things got hot. His motives are in the hopes the women back home would find him more desirable if he had actually killed a Nazi. When the moment arrives, Luke get\'s his wish and shoots down a Messerschmitt. But, his moment of triumph turns to tragedy when his defeated target crashes into the Mother & Country, the same flight of airmen the Belle crew had teased the night before, slicing the bomber in half. In horror and desperation, Danny tries to raise the stricken aircraft on the radio. The only response heard are their screams of horror, while Luke, struck with immense guilt, watches them plunge to their deaths. On the second run, Val spots the assembly plant through a gap in the smokescreen and the bombers successfully hit their target but, once clear of the anti-aircraft fire, they are again engaged by fighters. Rascal\'s ball turret jams more than once during the mission, and each time it happens he calls for help from Virgil. The turret is eventually destroyed, but Rascal is spared thanks to his safety strap, and Virgil. The attacks continue, blasting a hole in the fuselage, tearing off a large chunk of the tail, and setting the number four engine on fire. Danny is injured in the attacks, which puts Val in a difficult position when the crew enlists his medical "expertise" to save the injured radioman. Meanwhile, Dennis and Luke skillfully drop the aircraft into a steep dive and put the fire out, despite great risk of losing the aircraft. Back at base, the remaining squadron aircraft return from their mission, much to the dismay of the ground crews, without the Belle. They wait anxiously for the celebrated aircraft and her crew to return. As the pilots prepare the Belle for landing, Dennis orders them to toss their guns and ammo overboard to lighten their weight, while Val and the enlisted crewmen discuss what to do with Danny. Val, being the only officer with medical knowledge, recommends dumping Danny over German occupied territory believing he\'d had have a better chance of survival if found by German soldiers who would take care of him as a prisoner of war, but the remaining crewmen vehemently object doing such an act. Phil interjects and pleads with Val not to throw Danny out, to which he agrees. He cares for Danny all the way back to base. When Dennis orders the landing gear dropped, only one wheel descends due to electrical failure caused by battle damage. With time running out, Virgil and Jack try to lower the immobile wheel manually with a crank. Soon Phil joins them, having gained new confidence after surviving the mission. He takes over the crank and manages to lower the wheel inches from touchdown. The ground crew, and a slightly humbled Lt. Colonel Derringer, race to greet them with jubilant cheers. The crew exits the battered plane, finally by Dennis, who discovers a bottle of champagne that Danny had smuggled on board. He shows it to the crew, acting as though he is going to reprimand them, and then surprises his crew by joyously cracking the bottle and spraying it in celebration. In the final scene they celebrate their victory with Danny on an ambulance. The film closes with a dedication to all airmen, friend or foe, who fought in the skies above Europe during World War II.'] ['The series of assaults  commenced on May 10, 1969, with the hill finally being taken on May 20. The film portrays fighting, combat, courage, camaraderie and dedication to the mission among troops. It also brings up painful questions about the Vietnam War, such as the stigmatizing of replacement troops  and of the seeming caprice of high command in the conflict, specifically the lack of strategic value of the hill and subsequent unnecessary casualties. Other issues include the effect of anti-war sentiment on morale, and racial tensions among troops . One aspect of the war portrayed is how the soldiers in the field felt betrayed by people back in the United States, particularly college students. In one scene a soldier gets a letter from his girlfriend saying she will not keep writing because her college friends told her it was immoral to be involved with a serviceman whom they refer to as "killers". In another scene, Sgt. Worchester ([[Steven Weber  from the South tells his fellow soldiers that when he got home from his first tour of duty in 1968, he faced discrimination for being a veteran. When he got off the plane, hippies threw bags of dog feces at him and other returning soldiers. When he got to his house, his wife was having sex with another man, and had nothing but contempt for him. Everywhere he went, people treated him with hostility and scorn. Incredibly, none of this bothered Worchester until he discovered that his local bartender  had lost his son in the 1965 Battle of Ia Drang Valley and was sent home in "a rubber bag with \'members missing\' labeled on it." To make it worse, college students kept phoning the bartender at his house saying they were glad his son was killed by "the heroic people\'s army", causing the bartender to suffer a mental breakdown and start using heroin. This event caused the angry and alienated Worchester to sign up for another tour in Vietnam.'] ["The American submarine Grayfish, under Lieutenant Commander/Commander Barney Doyle , searches for the Shinaru, one of the Japanese aircraft carriers that led the attack on Pearl Harbor. Doyle receives word that the target has an escort, including a transport ship carrying his wife and child, who were captured in the Philippines. As luck would have it, Grayfish finds the ships. Doyle's second in command, Lieutenant/Lieutenant Commander Archer Sloan  tries to talk his friend out of risking the lives of his family, but Doyle proceeds with the attack. To their horror, their torpedoes sink the transport. The Japanese make no attempt to rescue the survivors, hoping to lure the sub to the surface. Doyle is forced to leave the prisoners to drown. Doyle manages to follow the Shinaru into Tokyo Bay itself and tries again to sink his nemesis, but fails and barely escapes from Japanese destroyers. The Grayfish then returns to Pearl Harbor. There, Vice Admiral Setton  wants to promote Doyle to a desk job, but the anguished man begs for and gets one last chance at the Shinaru. Sloan turns down a command of his own to accompany him. Doyle is assigned a quiet, out-of-the-way patrol area off the Alaskan coast, but fortune is with him. He encounters the Shinaru once more. The sub sustains some damage from a collision and has to launch its attack using sonar alone. After the torpedoes are away, the sub is sent to the bottom by the Shinaru's escort. Fortunately, the crewmen are able to exit and use Momsen lungs to reach the surface, where they are rescued by a sister sub. When they are brought aboard, they are told that they have sunk the Shinaru."] ["In 1942, Vassili Zaitsev , a shepherd from the Ural Mountains who is now a soldier in the Red Army, finds himself on the front lines of the Battle of Stalingrad. Sent on a suicidal charge against the invading Germans, he uses impressive marksmanship skills—taught to him by his grandfather from a young age—to save himself and commissar Danilov . Nikita Khrushchev  arrives in Stalingrad to coordinate the city's defenses and demands ideas to improve morale. Danilov, now a Senior Lieutenant, suggests that the people need figures to idolize, and publishes tales of Vassili's exploits in the army's newspaper that paint him as a national hero and propaganda icon. Vassili is transferred to the sniper division, and he and Danilov become friends. They also both become romantically interested in Tania , a citizen of Stalingrad who has become a Private in the local militia. Danilov has her transferred to an intelligence unit away from the battlefield. With the Soviet snipers taking an increasing toll on the German forces, German Major Erwin König  is deployed to Stalingrad to take out Vassili and thus crush Soviet morale. A renowned marksman and head of the German Army sniper school at Zossen, he lures Vassili into a trap and takes out two of his fellow snipers, but Vassili manages to escape. When the Red Army command learns of König's mission, they dispatch his former student Koulikov  to help Vassili kill him. However, König tricks Koulikov into revealing his position and kills him with a very skillful shot, shaking Vassili's spirits considerably. Khrushchev pressures Danilov to bring the sniper standoff to a conclusion. When Tania requests to be reassigned to the sniper division, Danilov asks Vassili to discourage her. Vassili attempts to do so, but relents when Tania tells him how her Jewish parents were murdered by the Germans. Danilov recruits young local boy Sacha Fillipov , who idolizes Vassili and does small jobs for the Germans in exchange for food, to act as a double agent by passing König false information about Vassili's whereabouts, thus giving Vassili a chance to ambush the Major. Vassili sets a trap for König and manages to wound him, but during a second attempt Vassili falls asleep after many hours and his sniper log is taken by a looting German soldier. The German command takes the log as evidence of Vassili's death and plans to send König home, but the Major does not believe that Vassili is dead. He tells Sacha where he will be next, suspecting that the boy will tell Vassili. Tania and Vassili have meanwhile fallen in love, and the jealous Danilov disparages Vassili in a letter to his superiors. König spots Tania and Vassili waiting for him at his next ambush, confirming his suspicions about Sacha. He kills the boy and hangs his body from a pole to bait Vassili. Vassili vows to kill König and sends Tania and Danilov to evacuate Sacha's mother  from the city, but Tania is wounded by shrapnel en route to the evacuation boats. Thinking her dead, Danilov laments his jealousy for Vassili and his resulting disenchantment with the communist cause. Finding Vassili waiting to ambush König, Danilov intentionally exposes himself in order to reveal the Major's position and is killed. Thinking he has killed Vassili, König goes to inspect the body, but realizes too late that he has fallen into a trap and is in Vassili's sights. He turns to face Vassili, who then kills him. Two months later, after Stalingrad has been liberated and the German forces have surrendered, Vassili finds Tania recovering in a field hospital."] ['The movie opens with German children\'s song Hänschen klein mixed with black and white footage of prewar and war scenes, followed by a segue to color and a German platoon raid on a Russian forward outpost led by Corporal Steiner, the main character. An aristocratic Prussian officer, Captain Stransky , is posted as a new battalion commander in the Kuban bridgehead on the Eastern Front in 1943. Stransky proudly tells the regimental commander, Colonel Brandt , and his adjutant, Captain Kiesel ([[David Warner , that he applied for transfer from occupied France to front line duty in Russia so that he can win the Iron Cross. Veteran, highly-respected Corporal Steiner  leads his Wehrmacht infantry platoon on a reconnaissance patrol, during which his men capture a young Russian boy-soldier . When Stransky meets Steiner for the first time, he orders Steiner to shoot the prisoner in strict observance of a standing order. When Steiner refuses, Stransky prepares to shoot the boy himself, but at the last moment, Private Reisenauer  saves the boy by volunteering to do it. Later, Stransky informs Steiner that he has been promoted to Senior Sergeant, and is puzzled by Steiner\'s nonchalant response. Stransky also discovers that his adjutant, Lieutenant Triebig , is a closet homosexual when Stransky surreptitiously sees Triebig stroking the cheek of an enlisted orderly, Josef Keppler. While waiting for an anticipated attack, Steiner releases the young Russian only to see the boy killed by advancing Soviet troops. As Stransky cowers in his bunker, Lieutenant Meyer , the respected leader of Steiner\'s platoon, is killed while leading a successful counterattack. Steiner is wounded in the same battle trying to rescue a German soldier and is sent to a military hospital to recover. There, he is haunted by the faces of the dead men and the boy , and has a romantic liaison with a nurse . After he has recovered, Steiner is offered a home leave but decides instead to return to his men. When he arrives, Steiner is informed that Stransky has claimed that he led the successful counterattack, not Meyer, and has been nominated for the Iron Cross. Stransky named as witnesses Triebig , and Steiner. Stransky tries to persuade Steiner to corroborate his claim by promising to look after him after the war. Brandt questions Steiner in the hope that he will expose Stransky\'s lies, but Steiner only states that he hates all officers, even those as "enlightened" as Brandt and Kiesel, and requests a few days to ponder his answer. When his battalion is ordered to retreat, Stransky does not pass the order to Steiner\'s platoon, abandoning them. Making their way back through now enemy territory, the men stumble across and capture an all-female Russian detachment. While Steiner is busy, Zoll , a despised Nazi Party member, takes one of the women into the barn for his own private pleasure, only to have her bite off his genitals. He kills her. Meanwhile, the young soldier Dietz, left to guard the rest of the women alone, is distracted and killed as well. Disgusted, Steiner locks Zoll up with the vengeful Russian women, taking only their uniforms to use as a disguise. The platoon eventually reaches the German positions, sending a message ahead by radio so they can cross no man\'s land safely. Stransky suggests to Triebig that Steiner and his men could be \'mistaken\' for Russians. Triebig orders his men to shoot down the incoming Germans; only Steiner and two others survive. Triebig denies responsibility, but Steiner kills him and goes looking for Stransky. At this moment, the Soviets launch a major assault. Brandt orders Kiesel to be evacuated, telling him that men like him will be needed to rebuild Germany after the war. Brandt then rallies the fleeing troops for a hopeless counterattack. Steiner confronts Stransky and contemplates shooting him, but instead contemptuously arms him and turns his back. Stung, Stransky accepts Steiner\'s challenge to earn his medal, and they head off to the fighting. The film closes with Stransky trying to figure out how to reload his MP40, while being shot at by an adolescent Russian soldier. When he begs Steiner for help, Steiner begins to laugh. The laughing continues through the credits and pictures of civilian victims from World War II and later conflicts.'] ['War is upon Denmark, and King Valdemar II sends his only son and heir in safety to Eskil, bishop of Ravensburg, who is instructed to educate the prince. As soon as the king leaves the country to go to war, the bishop makes plans about seizing the crown for himself. Accidentally the prince and the kitchen-boy Aske overhear the schemes of Eskil and his conspirators, but are seen and pursued by a one-eyed man, who wants to take revenge on the king for leaving him behind on a battlefield where he lost his eye. The eye was swallowed by an eagle, which he has tamed and now shares his sight with.'] ['In mid-April 1941, during World War II, German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel  and his Afrika Korps have driven the British Army into headlong retreat across North Africa toward Egypt and the vital Suez Canal. Standing in Rommel\'s way is Tobruk, a constant threat to his supply lines. The 9th Australian Division are asked to hold the port for two months, at which time they are to be relieved. The defending Allied general ([[Robert Douglas  chooses English Captain "Tammy" MacRoberts , an experienced field officer, to take command of a company of newly-arrived, green Australian troops. The no-nonsense MacRoberts is disliked by the undisciplined Australians. He is surprised to see in their ranks his former schoolmaster, Tom Bartlett . Barlett, an alcoholic, later explains that after being dismissed from his job in England due to his drinking, he went to Australia and joined the army while intoxicated. MacRoberts offers to transfer him to a safer billet, but Bartlett turns him down. Because of the desperate situation, the inexperienced troops are sent directly into the front line. The men dig foxholes and prepare for Rommel\'s certain attack. The Allied general masses his artillery where he guesses the Germans will strike. His gamble pays off. Under cover of a sandstorm, they attack exactly where the general predicted and head directly at MacRoberts\' men. In the fierce battle, Captain Currie is wounded. Lieutenant Harry Carstairs  abandons his vital post to go to his aid, in vain. After the Germans are beaten back, an infuriated MacRoberts vows to have Carstairs court-martialed for disobeying orders and leaving a dangerous hole in the line, but Bartlett persuades MacRoberts to retract his request. MacRoberts receives a field promotion to major, then a temporary one to lieutenant colonel after the general elevates him to command of his battalion of Australians. The general then decides to erode the besiegers\' confidence by sending out small commando raids every night. MacRoberts\' patrols do their part in exacting a toll on the enemy. One day, the general worries about reports of German heavy artillery being moved up, indicating an attack is imminent. The suspected location of the artillery\'s ammunition dump is too far away to be attacked by the usual nighttime raid, so MacRoberts proposes using trucks abandoned by the Italians to drive there in disguise and blow it up. MacRoberts leads 54 picked men in three trucks. The attack is a success, but Carstairs is killed and MacRoberts is wounded and captured. While he is being attended to, he meets Rommel, who has been shot by a strafing Spitfire. Although he is respectful to the field marshal, MacRoberts defiantly points out that Tobruk is a thorn in his side. Rommel is bemused by his brashness and orders that he be treated well. Later, as the prisoners are being transported, their trucks are attacked by British fighter aircraft. In the confusion, MacRoberts and Sergeant "Blue" Smith  get away. After an exhausting walk through the desert, they reach friendly lines. The Australians have now held on for eight months. In November, the general tells his officers that a relief column led by General Claude Auchinleck is headed for Tobruk. However, they need to take control of a key hill that overlooks the road that Auchinleck must use. The general asks MacRoberts to take his best company and hold the position for three days. On the morning of the ninth day, fearing that the men can take no more, MacRoberts orders a retreat, though Bartlett begs him to ask the men to hang on. To MacRoberts\' surprise, the men refuse to leave. Bartlett overcomes his self-professed cowardice by manning the forward observation post, where survival is measured in hours. Just after the Germans bombard the hill, the Australians hear bagpipes announcing the arrival of Auchinleck\'s troops. After a hard-fought 242 days, the Allies have relieved Tobruk.'] ["Reagan plays Commander Casey Abbott, commander of the fictional submarine USS Starfish, who is ordered to undertake a dangerous mission which sees him attempting to cut off the flow of supplies between China and Japan in the heavily-mined waters off the Asiatic mainland. When a diver, who is Abbott's competitor for the affections of Nurse Lieutenant Helen Blair  back at home, gets into a dangerous situation, Abbott must struggle to keep his personal and professional lives separate in dealing with the crisis."] ['Major William Darby  is a staff officer who is placed in command of the volunteer US Army 1st Ranger Battalion based on and trained by the British Commandos. Darby and Master Sergeant Saul Rosen , who also narrates the film, select a variety of men for training in Scotland. Darby tells his volunteers that the British Commandos are the best soldiers in the world, but in time they will be. The Americans are quartered in Scottish homes and several of the Rangers pair off with local lassies: Rollo Burns ([[Peter Brown  with Peggy McTavish , the daughter of the fearsome but humorous Scottish Commando instructor, Sergeant McTavish , and vagabond Hank Bishop  with the proper Wendy Hollister .Glamour girl After a landing in French North Africa, two more Ranger battalions are formed, with Darby promoted to colonel. Joining the Rangers is 2nd Lieutenant Arnold Dittmann , a by-the-book West Pointer who is humanized by his encounter with Angelina De Lotta . There are several action scenes in a bombed out Italian village where the men face a sniper, and a running firefight with the Germans. Darby confides to Rosen a recurring dream of being run over by an oncoming train, foreshadowing the climax. His 1st and 3rd Ranger Battalions are ambushed and wiped out by the Germans at the Battle of Cisterna at Anzio. Darby leads his 4th Ranger Battalion in an unsuccessful rescue attempt. Of the 767 men who go in, only seven come back, the majority being captured.'] ["In 1939, the Nazi Germany's largest and most powerful battleship, Bismarck, is launched in a ceremony at Hamburg with Adolf Hitler attending. The launching of the hull is seen as the beginning of an era of German sea power. Two years later, in 1941, British convoys are being ravaged by U-boats and surface raider attacks which cut off supplies which Britain needs to continue the war. In May, British intelligence discovers the Bismarck and the heavy cruiser {{Ship}} are about to break into the North Atlantic to attack convoys. The man assigned to coordinate the hunt is the Admiralty's chief of operations, Captain Jonathan Shepard , who has been distraught over the death of his wife in an air raid and the sinking of his ship by German ships commanded by Admiral Günther Lütjens . Upon receiving his new post, Shepard discovers Lütjens is the fleet commander on the Bismarck. Shepard's experience of conflict with the German Navy and his understanding of Lütjens allow him to predict the Bismarck{{'}}s movements. Shepard is aggressive to his staff but comes increasingly to rely on the coolness and skill of his assistant, WREN Second Officer Anne Davis . Lütjens is also bitter. After World War I, he considered he had no recognition for his efforts in the war. Lütjens promises the captain of the Bismarck, Ernst Lindemann , that this time, he and Germany will be remembered in greatness. The breakout of the Bismarck and its escorts, includes the sinking of HMS Hood in the waters south of Iceland. The battleship's escape is shadowed by smaller British ships. Shepard, obsessed with Bismarck, must endure the likely death of his son as an air-gunner on a Fairey Swordfish torpedo bomber from HMS Ark Royal, one of the British ships deployed to the hunt. He gambles that Lütjens is returning to friendly waters where U-boats and air cover will make it impossible to attack. Shepard commits large forces stripped from convoy escort and uses Catalina flying boats to search for the battleship. His hunch proves correct, and Bismarck is located, apparently steaming towards the German-occupied French coast. British forces have a narrow window to destroy or slow their prey before German support and their own diminishing fuel supplies prevent further attack. Swordfish aircraft from HMS Ark Royal have two chances. The first fails: they misidentify {{HMS}} as Bismarck; the new magnetic torpedo detonators are faulty and most explode as they hit the water. Switching to conventional contact detonators, the second attack is successful, with damage jamming Bismarck{{'}}s rudder. Unable to repair the rudder, the German battleship steams in circles. A night attack by British destroyers torpedoes Bismarck but the battleship returns fire, destroying one of the pursuing destroyers The  {{HMS}} is destroyed.. The main force of British ships  find Bismarck the next day, raining gunfire on her. Lütjens in his final moments insists to Lindemann that German forces will arrive to save them, but he dies when a shell destroys Bismarck{{'s}} bridge. After the sinking of the Bismarck, and having been told that his son has been rescued, Shepard asks Davis out to dinner, believing it to be nine o'clock at night, only to realise it is nine in the morning. Davis suggests breakfast, and they walk off together."] ['In 1943, Lt Cdr McLain  has just lost his ship as well as two-thirds of his crew due to enemy action. He is allocated a new ship and while waiting for it to be built, befriends the sister of one of his dead officers. Things become somewhat complicated when one of the replacement officers turns out to be another brother. The brand new HMCS Donnacona is assigned to accompany a convoy of ships from Nova Scotia to England. Along the way the ship many of the trials of war.'] ['In April 1953, during the Korean War, a company of American infantry, led by Lieutenant Joe Clemons  are to recapture Pork Chop Hill from a larger Communist Chinese army force; they recapture the hill, but are depleted, only 25 of a 135-man unit are left. They prepare for a large-scale Chinese counter-attack which they know will overwhelm and kill them in vicious fire fights and hand-to-hand fighting while the Panmunjeom cease-fire negotiations continue. Higher command is shown as being unwilling to either abandon or reinforce the hill. They will not reinforce the hill because the value of the hill is not worth further losses. They will not abandon the hill because it is a point of negotiation in the cease-fire talks. The American negotiators come to the conclusion that the Chinese were pouring soldiers into a battle for a militarily insignificant hill to test the resolve of the Americans in the negotiations. The decision is then made at the last minute to reinforce the hill.'] ['{{Plot}} In 2005, Japanese archaeologists explore tunnels on Iwo Jima, where they find something in the dirt. The film flashes back to Iwo Jima in 1944. Private First Class Saigo is grudgingly digging trenches on the beach. A teenaged baker, Saigo has been conscripted into the Imperial Japanese Army despite his youth and his wife\'s pregnancy. Saigo complains to his friend Private Kashiwara that they should let the Americans have Iwo Jima. Overhearing them, an enraged Captain Tanida starts brutally beating them for, "conspiring with unpatriotic words." At the same time, General Tadamichi Kuribayashi arrives to take command of the garrison and immediately begins an inspection of the island defenses. Kuribayashi orders Captain Tanida to stop beating them, and instructs him to deny lunch rations to Saigo and Kashiwara instead. After completing his inspection, Kuribayashi receives bad news from Lt. Col. Baron Takeichi Nishi, an Olympic gold medalist show jumper. The Japanese Combined Fleet, upon which the island had been depending for support, has been destroyed in the Battle of Leyte Gulf. Disgusted, Kuribayashi tells Nishi, "Imperial Headquarters is not only deceiving the people, but us as well." The next day, Kuribayashi orders the garrison to begin tunneling defenses under Mount Suribachi. He explains that the United States military will take the beaches quickly, and that only subterranean defenses have a chance for holding out. Kuribayashi\'s subordinate officers are outraged and regard these strategies as a betrayal of bushido. With Nishi\'s support, however, the tunnels began to be dug. Poor nutrition and unsanitary conditions take their toll, and many soldiers die of dysentery, including Kashiwara. Kashiwara\'s replacement, Superior Private Shimizu, arrives for duty. Saigo is certain that Shimizu has been sent by the notorious military police, or Kempeitai, "to report on treasonous thoughts." In February 1945, the first American air raids occur, causing significant casualties. A few days later, U.S. Marines land. Kuribayashi waits until the landing beach is filled with Marines and orders his men to open fire. The Marines suffer heavy casualties, but, as Kuribayashi predicted, the beach defenses are quickly overcome. The attack then turns to the tunnels below Mount Suribachi. While delivering a request to Colonel Adachi, Saigo overhears the Colonel pleading with Kuribayashi for permission to lead his men in a banzai charge. Kuribayashi refuses to permit this, however, and instead orders the Suribachi garrison to retreat to the north caves. Adachi, however, regards this as cowardice. Ignoring the General\'s orders, Adachi orders his officers and men to commit suicide. Although Saigo explains Kuribayashi\'s orders to the contrary, Captain Tanida cuts him off, screaming, "Escape is the coward\'s way!" At Tanida\'s order, the soldiers of his unit detonate hand grenades against their stomachs. Captain Tanida too commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. Saigo, however, convinces Shimizu that they would better serve the Emperor by continuing to fight. Leaving the corpses of their comrades, they find two other soldiers, but one gets incinerated by a Marine with a flamethrower. They also witness a captured Marine being beaten and bayoneted to death as revenge for the burnings. Saigo and the survivors of Mount Suribachi try to flee with Lieutenant Colonel Oiso at night, but they run into Marines, who wipe out all except Saigo and Shimizu. They report to Lieutenant Ito, a Navy officer and hardline believer in bushido, announcing that they have arrived from Suribachi. Ito screams, "You survived Suribachi? How dare you!" He raises his katana to summarily execute them, but Kuribayashi arrives and reprimands Ito for attempting to needlessly kill two soldiers. To Ito\'s horror, Kuribayashi confirms that he has given the order to retreat to the north caves. "Fight for your fallen brethren," he tells Ito, "until the end." Calling Kuribayashi, "a weak American sympathizer," Ito plans a mass banzai charge against U.S. positions. When the Lieutenant demands his obedience, Col. Nishi, accuses Ito of needlessly jeopardizing the lives of his men. Nishi orders Ito to either obey Kuribayashi or hand over his command. Instead, Ito leads his men toward the American lines. Then however, he orders them to join Nishi. Ito then straps three land mines to himself and walks toward the battle zone, intending to throw himself under a tank. The next morning, Okubo, Nishi\'s executive officer, shoots a Marine named Sam, who is subsequently captured. To the surprise of his men, Nishi orders them to use their scarce morphine to treat Sam\'s wounds. After Sam\'s death, Nishi finds a letter from the Marine\'s mother and reads it aloud in Japanese. The soldiers are moved by the letter, Shimizu no longer thinks of the Americans as savages. Then, a shell hits the cave entrance and Nishi is blinded. He orders his men to regroup with Kuribayashi. As they depart, Nishi orders Lieutenant Okubo to leave him a rifle. Left alone, Nishi removes the bandage from his eyes and fingers and removes his boots to pull the trigger. Moments later, Okubo and the soldiers hear a gunshot as Nishi kills himself. Saigo announces that he is going to surrender and dares Shimizu to denounce him. To his surprise, Shimizu reveals that he was dishonorably discharged from the Kempeitai after five days of service. He had refused to kill a family\'s dog for his commander, who was simply annoyed by its barking. Deeply moved, Saigo tells Shimizu, "at least now only the enemy hates you." Shimizu and Saigo plan to flee. Saigo suggests Shimizu pretend to have urgent need and leave first, then Saigo can follow. When Shimizu leaves, one soldier asks to go to surrender together, but are found out by Lieutenant Okubo who then shoots them. Fortunately, Shimizu survives and is able to surrender to a Marine patrol and finds himself with another Japanese POW. The American patrol moves on, leaving them guarded by two Marines. As Shimizu and his fellow POW discuss their plans for after the war, the two Marines grumble about having to guard them. Finally, one of the Marines summarily executes Shimizu and the other POW. The two bodies are found by Lieutenant Okubo, who cites them as a lesson against surrender. Weeping, Saigo wraps Shimizu\'s senninbari over his corpse. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Ito, desperate and malnourished, breaks down and returns to the caves. When found by a Marine patrol, he surrenders without incident. Later, Saigo and the rest of Okubo\'s patrol are forced to pass through a firefight while retreating to the north of the island. Several men, including Okubo, are killed in the process. They rendezvous with General Kuribayashi, who is impressed to learn that Saigo has come all the way from Mount Suribachi. Kuribayashi is amazed to learn that he has twice saved the Private\'s life, and then comments that things always come in threes. After gathering the rest of his men, the General orders Saigo to stay behind and burn all documents and letters during the final attack rather than join the fighting, thus saving his life a third time. Saigo, however, cannot bring himself to burn his comrades\' letters to their families and buries them instead. Attired as a common infantryman, Kuribayashi launches a final charge at the head of his surviving soldiers. The Marines and the Japanese engage in a fierce hand-to-hand battle to the death. Kuribayashi, however, is mortally wounded when shrapnel is lodged in his legs. Fujita, the general\'s loyal adjutant, drags him away from the battle as American reinforcements have come to finish off the rest of the Japanese forces. By the next morning, the Japanese forces have been overrun, and the Americans have taken the rest of the island. Beginning to succumb to his wounds, Kuribayashi orders Fujita to behead him. As a weeping Fujita raises his katana, he is shot dead by a Marine sniper. Private Saigo arrives and the dying General orders his last soldier to bury him where the enemy will never find his body. Then, Kuribayashi draws his M1911 pistol&mdash; a gift from an American officer friend before the war. He asks Saigo, "Is this still Japanese soil?" Saigo responds, "Yes, this is still Japan." The General fatally shoots himself and a weeping Saigo drags Kuribayashi\'s body away for burial. Meanwhile, a Marine patrol find Fujita\'s body and a katana. The leader of the patrol, a Marine Lieutenant finds Kuribayashi\'s pistol and tucks it in his belt as a trophy. They search the area and find Saigo with his shovel. Seeing Kuribayashi\'s pistol in possession of the enemy, an enraged Saigo begins swinging his shovel at the Marines but is too weak to fight. However, the Lieutenant orders his men not to shoot him. Instead, he knocks Saigo out with a rifle butt and has him sent by stretcher to the POW camp. Awakening, Saigo glimpses the sun setting over the black sands of the beach and smiles grimly. The film ends with the Japanese archaeologists finding the letters that Saigo had buried.'] ['A group of ski troopers behind German lines during World War II disrupts Nazi plans and blow up an important bridge.'] ['The film is the story of the putting together of a Marine Battalion sent to Korea who are gathered from various sources. It stars Frank Lovejoy as a career Marine battalion commander who at the beginning of the film is recalled from work at an American embassy, Richard Carlson as a veteran captain and communications specialist of World War II called up from the Marine Corps Reserves, Russ Tamblyn as a seventeen year old private who hides his true age to serve with the unit overseas and outdo his older brother also a Marine, and Nedrick Young  as a Marine sergeant. Also appearing in the film is Peter Julien Ortiz, a highly decorated Marine who served in the Office of Strategic Services  and appeared in several films. The film\'s rapid pace begins with the formation and training of the battalion, the amphibious landing at the Battle of Inchon, the advance through North Korea where the Winter Chinese Communist Offensive sends the Marines into a fighting withdrawal to the staging area at Hŭngnam Harbor "...with rifles, grenades, bayonets, our bare fists if we have to" , hence the title. It also has its human moments: In one scene, the private , who was looking for his older Marine brother, was led to a row of dead Marines. One of them, he discovered unfortunately, was his dead brother. Being the only surviving one, the battalion commander  was forced to send him back Stateside as per regulation of sole survivors. The Chinese Communist offensive put these on hold for the moment, and he was nearly killed during the withdrawal in a snowstorm until saved by a joint American-British force. Variety called it a "top-notch war drama" for the way it balanced tense action with a more human face of the war, anticipating film-making trends that would become more common twenty years later. The film\'s running time is 94 minutes.'] ['Lt. Kenneth Braden, a newly trained Navy "frogman", is unexpectedly ordered to report to duty, without being able to notify Sally Johnson, his new girlfriend in whom he has taken a serious interest. Reporting for duty, he is told that she is an officer of Naval Intelligence, and was responsible for a recent confirmation of his character and fitness for duty. Commander Stevenson  is ordered to bring Braden to Kosrae so that he can attempt to capture of the current Japanese communication cypher tables from the radio station there. The skipper originally told Braden that he would have to swim a considerable distance, but upon arrival decides to enter and remain in Lelu Harbor while Braden scales the mountain.'] ["Just prior to the North Korean invasion of South Korea, Regular Army World War II veterans Colonel Steve Janowski , who has risen from Private to his present rank in 15 years, and Sergeant Baker  are teaching South Korean soldiers how to use a bazooka to stop an enemy tank. Mrs. Linda Day  is a United Nations worker assisting refugees. She and her colleagues are warned by Steve to leave the area, as hostilities are imminent. Linda insists that the North Koreans wouldn't risk the wrath of world opinion; Steve asks if it had stopped Hitler. Soon afterwards, Steve and his US Air Force counterpart, Colonel Joe Parker ([[William Talman , wake up to find themselves under attack. They compare it to Pearl Harbor . Janowski takes command of a US Army unit. Meanwhile, he keeps crossing paths with  Linda. She turns out to be the widow of a professional Army officer who was awarded the Medal of Honor, and is reluctant to become involved with another soldier. In one desperate situation, Steve has no choice but to stop a column of refugees infiltrated by armed North Korean guerrillas by calling in artillery strikes. Steve displays remorse for the civilian casualties. However, when Linda learns of the incident, she condemns him for killing innocent people. Later, she finds out why he had to do what he did and apologizes. As well as the US Army, the South Korean Army and United Nations Workers, the film features the contributions of the British Army and the Royal Australian Air Force."] ['It\'s January 1964 in the period when American troops were euphemistically termed "military advisors" in Vietnam. Major Asa Barker  has been given this command: a poorly-manned outpost named Muc Wa in rural Vietnam somewhere near the Da Nang to Phnom Penh  highway that a decade earlier had been the scene of a massacre of French soldiers during the First Indochina War. Barker is a weary infantry veteran in his third war , who provides veteran supervision to a cadre of advisors attached to a group of South Vietnamese who garrison the deserted village of Muc Wa."Muc Wa" is a real Special Forces base in the Plain of Reeds, southern Vietnam. The name is pronounced "muc-hwa", but spelled "Muc Hoa". Barker, as a seasoned officer, knows that he cannot defend his position due to lack of numbers and the quality of his local troops. He is still obliged to carry out the orders of his superior, General Harnitz , who sends Barker U.S. re-enforcements to appease him. His command consists of a handful of U.S. soldiers  and some reluctant former Vietnamese paddy farmers turned militiamen. Barker is a capable commander who has ended his career by having an affair with a senior officer\'s wife. He argues that the hamlet is deserted and has no importance, but sends a detachment from his command. The detachment is commanded by the brash but nervous Lt. Hamilton, and includes veteran sergeant Oleonowski, who is suffering from battle fatigue, a drug-addicted medic, Cpl. Lincoln, and a young draftee, Cpl. Courcey, who quickly befriends an elderly native volunteer, nicknamed "Old Man". On their way to Muc Wa along a dirt road, the column is ambushed at a roadblock, resulting in ARVN Cpl. Cowboy capturing and beheading the lone Viet Cong attacker. On reaching the hamlet, Hamilton sets up his defenses in a triangular formation and receives supplies brought in by helicopter. At the rear of the hamlet is a graveyard of 302 French soldiers with a placard above the entrance that reads, in French, "Étrangers, dites aux Spartiates que nous demeurons ici par obéissance à leurs lois ", which refers to the Battle of Thermopylae. While he is investigating it, Courcey spots a one-eyed VC soldier, who is presumably a scout. Back at Barker\'s base, Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he will be able to predict which one of Barker\'s outposts the VC will attack next. During the following night Muc Wa is attacked by the VC, sustaining its first casualty when Lt. Hamilton is killed along with a few South Vietnamese soldiers. The next day, Sgt Oleonowski commits suicide rather than face the pressure of command. When Barker is informed of the deaths, he wants to pull his troops out now that they lack an experienced leader, but this request is refused by Harnitz, forcing Barker to send his own deputy to Muc Wa. When the psy-ops man predicts Muc Wa will be attacked, Barker contacts them by radio only to learn that they\'re under attack from the Viet Cong. True to Barker\'s predictions, the outpost is overwhelmed by the massive numbers of Viet Cong who number in the many thousands, not the few hundred predicted by the high command, and they are all well armed with various automatic weapons, not outdated rifles. Barker is order by Harnitz to withdraw the American troops, leaving behind the South Vietnamese troops, including the walking wounded. The idealistic Courcey refuses to leave the wounded, so Barker stays behind with him to help evacuate the remaining South Vietnamese troops and militiamen. This leaves Barker, Courcey, the Old Man and his fellow South Vietnamese militiamen at Muc Wa, and in the ensuing battle almost everyone is killed, including Barker who had stayed behind to cover their escape. The only American survivor is ironically the willing volunteer, Courcey, whose idealism and enthusiasm for the Vietnam War has now been killed along with all his comrades. He wakes up after the battle in the morning to find that everyone else is dead and the soldiers, including Barker, are stripped of their fatigues. The VC have withdrawn having left him for dead. As Courcey wanders to the grave site, he finds another survivor: the wounded, one-eyed VC scout that he saw earlier. The VC points his rifles at Courcey before dropping it out of exhaustion. Courcey says to the one-eyed VC, "I\'m going home, Charlie, if they\'ll let me" as he wanders off the grave site.'] ['The surviving crew members of a Royal Air Force bomber shot down near the former Polish border traverse the breadth of Nazi Germany and the occupied Netherlands to get back to England. Led by Flight Lt. Terrence Forbes, an Australian , and Flying Officer Johnny Hammond, an American , pursued by a Nazi major  and aided by an anti-Nazi nurse , the men repeatedly evade capture, eventually flying home in a recaptured British airplane that the Germans had planned to use in a sneak attack on London.'] ['Libya 1943, British Army Captain Alex Foster allows himself to be captured by a German convoy transporting British prisoners. Once integrated with the prisoners, Forster plans to take over the convoy with the help of the prisoners and redirect it towards the Libyan port town of Tobruk. In a journey that has a few twists and turns including Forster running into Field Marshal Erwin Rommel, they finally reach Tobruk where they destroy a coastal battery and escape to awaiting Royal Navy battleships.'] ['The story follows the insertion of covert British Commandos into Norway to rescue Norwegian General Heden from captivity and to return him to England to lead the Free Norwegian Forces. The film opens with the execution of a British spy who was sent to support partisan activities. A small man team is assembled which consists of Capt. Robert Owen, a Canadian, Sgt. Harry Hall, a Briton and a Norwegian called Lt. Erik Falken. The team parachutes in and soon after arriving Falken is recognised by a local woman who reports them to her German lover and Dalberg a puppet of the German authorities. A team is sent to capture them but after they overpower their captors and free the general from the prison camp they are soon being pursued by the German authorities. Once on the road in a captured German car they are attacked and forced to take shelter after Heden is hurt. They send Falken to get assistance from a doctor but he is betrayed once again by the same woman whom he had known when growing up in his hometown. The Germans take Falken alive and, pretending to be the doctor they requested, capture Owen near the house they are hiding in. Hall manages to keep Heden in safety in the house. Owen misleads the Germans about their escape plans and after the Germans have realised their mistake they are surprised to find that the two prisoners have been freed by Dalberg. Owen and Falken manages to return to Hall and Heden and the party moves off to rendezvous with the incoming commandos and Royal Navy boats. The film includes real footage from the raids on German occupying forces in Norway carried out by the British Commandos in March and December of 1941.'] ['Roy ([[James Hall  and Monte Rutledge  are very different British brothers studying at Oxford together at the onset of World War I. Mild-mannered Roy is in love with and idealizes the apparently demure, but wayward, Helen . Monte, on the other hand, is a free-wheeling womanizer who can\'t refuse any woman\'s advances. A German student by the name of Karl  is best friends to both. After the outbreak of World War I, Karl is recruited into the German Air Force and the two British brothers enlist in the Royal Flying Corps ; Roy, enthusiastically, from a sense of duty and Monte doing so only to get a kiss from a girl at the recruiting station. After their training, Roy finally introduces Monte to Helen, who seduces Monte. Meanwhile, Karl is serving aboard a Zeppelin airship that is flying over London for an attack from high above the clouds. Karl is the bombardier-observer as he is lowered below the clouds in a spy basket, but because of his love for England he directs the Zeppelin over a pond on a farm and bombs that instead. Before his superiors find out, four RFC fighters are summoned, including Roy and Monte, to shoot down the Zeppelin. Unbeknownst to them, the airship commander  decides to sacrifice Karl by cutting the cable that secures his pod in order to obtain more altitude and speed to escape the English aviators. The sacrifice is in vain, as are the suicides of fellow German crewman who lighten the ship in a harrowing decision, by obediently leaping to their deaths "for Kaiser and fatherland". German machine gunners manage to shoot down two aircraft plus Roy and Monte\'s aircraft, which has a deeply unsettling effect on the latter. After his machine guns jammed on him, the last British pilot aloft steers his fighter into the dirigible, killing all aboard in a blazing fireball. Later, in France, Monte is branded a coward for faking illness to avoid combat. Under pressure to prove that he is not a coward, Monte volunteers for a dangerous mission the next morning which will attempt to destroy a vital enemy weapons depot with a captured German bomber, and allow a British brigade a better chance in their attack the next afternoon. If shot down and captured, it is likely that Monte will face a German firing squad as a spy. Roy quickly volunteers to fly the German bomber. Later that night, hours before the raid, Roy discovers Helen in a nightclub in the arms of another officer. When he tries to bring her home, she turns on him aggressively, revealing that she never loved him, that she is, in fact, not the young innocent he believed her to be. Roy is devastated and joins Monte in pursuit of other women. Later, Monte decides not to carry out the mission and stay with a pair of wild girls; however, Roy drags Monte back to the airfield. The raid on the German munitions dump is successful. However, they were spotted by a German fighter squadron. Monte defends the bomber with a machine gun until British fighters arrive, and dogfight ensues. Even though the British dominate the combat, the brothers are shot down and captured. Given the option of a firing squad or treason, Monte\'s cowardice prevails; he succumbs to pressure and decides to betray the British attack in order to save his life. Roy acts in order to protect thousands of British troops who would be harmed by Monte\'s betrayal. Roy convinces Monte that he can affect the betrayal more smoothly, and then tricks the German officer into giving him a pistol to kill Monte as a condition of the betrayal. The general  gives Roy a gun with just one bullet and has him escorted back to his cell. Roy shoots Monte, then cradles his dying brother. In an emotional scene, Monte tells Roy that he did the right thing because British soldiers\' lives will be saved. The German general arrives in time to witness the scene as Monte dies. Roy says that he will tell the Germans nothing. Realizing that he has been tricked, the general has Roy executed. On returning to his office, the German hears the sounds of a massive bombardment. A British attack on the German front lines has successfully begun.'] ['The film\'s opening credits state that the screenplay was written by W.R. Burnett and Frank Butler "From the Records of The United States Marine Corps", and includes many Marine Corps and military advisers. It also states that "In this picture, the action at Wake Island has been recorded as accurately as possible. However, the names of the characters are fictional and any similarity to the personal characteristics of the officers and men of the detachment is not intended." This is likely because the actual events were unfolding during the production of the film, and names were being protected. The film begins with a bugler playing "Taps" and an overlay of text stating that Americans have been accustomed to military victory, but cites Valley Forge and The Lost Battalion as examples of times where undermanned groups fought to the bitter end for America. It adds "Such a group was Marine Fighting Squadron 211 of Marine Aircraft Group 21 and the Wake Detachment of the First Defense Battalion, United States Marine Corps, The units which comprised the garrison at Wake Island." A map is shown with a voiceover giving a brief history of the US military on the island to November 1941. A new commanding officer has been assigned to Wake Island, Major Geoffrey Caton, USMC. He is presented a personalized cigarette case with the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor emblem by his daughter, Cynthia, at Pearl Harbor on his departure. He gives her money so she can have ice cream sodas while he is away. Another Marine is shown saying goodbye to his wife as he is deployed. A military contractor, Mr. McClosky, bids farewell to his Hawaiian hosts as he boards the Pan American Clipper, also bound for Wake Island. Aboard the plane, the first clash between McClosky and the "brass hat" Major Caton occurs when Caton suggests that McClosky needs a shave. McClosky tells him that he is a civilian, and does not take orders. Meanwhile on the island, two privates, Randall and Doyle, are lounging on the beach with a dog named Skipper, talking about life after the service. Randall wants to be a hog farmer,  and will be discharged in just a few days. They have a collection of glass floats. A new float appears, they argue, then fight over it, breaking it in the process. They begin to fight again, until the chow bell rings. They drop everything to run to the mess tent. While in line, they begin to torment a Corporal whose name happens to be Goebbels, but who is unrelated to the notorious Nazi with the same last name. Randall hears that Caton is on his way to become the new Commanding Officer and says "The honeymoons over! From now on you\'re Marines!" The next day, Caton goes on an inspection of the island and identifies Randall and Doyle as troublemakers. He disciplines them by having them dig a large slit trench by hand. McClosky has a construction contract for large trenches and living quarters, and is driving his civilian crew to complete the contract on time. There are numerous conflicts between the military and civilians including practicing for air raids. A Japanese special envoy arrives on the Clipper on his way to Washington, D.C. That evening, a dinner is held, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and Japanese Emperor Hirohito are both toasted in hopes of peace. The next day is December 7th, 1941. Randall dresses in his civilian gear preparing to board the Clipper to go home, as he is now discharged from service. He is composing a telegram to his fiancee when the message comes in that the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor has occurred. The island goes on alert. A pilot, Lieutenant Bruce Cameron, talks to a mechanic as he prepares to board his fighter plane. The mechanic states that his wife was in Warsaw, and he should be glad that he\'s not married. Cameron states, "My wife\'s in Pearl Harbor." The fighters take off, and civilians are ordered into bomb shelters. McClosky comes in to complain about the air raid siren interrupting his work, and is informed about the Pearl Harbor attack. He is given the option to leave the island as soon as the Clipper is cleared to fly. Randall, still in civilian clothing, is not sure where to go, with the civilians or with the Marines. He is sent to a bomb shelter with the unarmed civilians as enemy planes approach. The Americans have only 4 fighters in the air, expecting to hold 8 in reserve, against 24 Japanese bombers. The Marines fire anti-aircraft from the ground. Marine flyers shoot down several Japanese planes, but sustain heavy damages on the ground, including several planes on the ground and most of the fuel. The Pan American Clipper is not damaged and is cleared to fly. Following the first bombing, Randall is searching for his dog before he will get on the plane, and is delaying takeoff. He is corralled by several Marines and brought to Major Caton, where he is informed that he is no longer a civilian since hostilities started, and he should put his uniform back on and get to his unit. McClosky has also decided to stay and cooperate with the military on the island by digging trenches and other shelters with his heavy equipment. The Clipper leaves without them. That night, Cameron, the pilot, is shown forging metal for plane parts as there are no spares. Caton comes in to tell him that his wife was killed at Pearl Harbor. Caton says that they are now the same, men who have lost their wives, and wherever bombs have been dropped, there are thousands more like them. The next day – Enemy ships approach. The Marines camouflage all equipment in an attempt to trick the Japanese. Caton orders his men into shelters and to hold their fire while the Japanese bombard the island and close the distance. Randall also mentions to Doyle that he now wants to raise chickens because hogs stink. The Japanese signal the Americans asking for their surrender. Caton does not answer. He asks Captain Lewis if he knows about Colonel William Prescott. He then reminds him of the story of The Battle of Bunker Hill and not firing "until you see the whites of their eyes". Caton waits until enemy ships have closed to 4700 yards before returning fire, and effectively turns back the landing attempt, sinking several ships in the process. Pilot Lieutenant Cameron, on a reconnaissance flight, spots a Japanese gunship 15 miles away which can target the island, but is out of range of the island\'s weapons. He states he can take out that ship if his fighter is stripped down to the minimum, carries only 15 gallons of fuel, and carries a double load of bombs. Caton approves the mission. Cameron is wounded by a Japanese fighter pilot after successfully bombing the ship, and lands the plane safely, but is dead when the plane is stopped. That night, he is buried, with Caton, then another Marine, reading from the Book of Job. Japanese planes are shown bombing the island again at 1030 on 12 December 1941, identified as the sixth attack according to a field message being sent. A fake newspaper headline shows "Wake Marines Repel 8th Attack" with an unseen date. Another headline reads "Wake Still Holds!" Dates onscreen show bombing raids on 17 through 21 December 1941. Caton talks to Captain Lewis and asks him if he would like to hop on a Navy patrol plane that is coming in, since he could give intelligence to the Navy Department in Honolulu. Lewis initially refuses, but Caton orders him to go and file his official report. Caton also sends a personal letter for his daughter. Some time later, reports come in to Caton\'s command post that the largest caliber ammunition is running out, so he has smaller guns spread around, and repositions his available men. Some Marines are shown having a meal in the field, including Randall and Doyle, discussing what they would be doing if they were back in civilization. Randall is called away to see something special, and it\'s Skipper, the dog he was searching for earlier. She\'s had puppies. There\'s brief debate since she is the only dog on the island, until they remember a tanker that was there before, evidently with a male dog aboard. The bugler then sounds general quarters. Japanese planes approach in large numbers, causing major damage and inflicting numerous casualties. Only one pilot is left, Captain Patrick, and his plane is damaged while defending the garrison. He bails out, and is seen parachuting over the beach, but is killed while still in his harness before landing. Corporal Goebbels goes to Doyle and Randall\'s position to check on their ammunition supply, and is greeted with a "Heil!" He then realized who had been tormenting him behind his back. They immediately make up and continue the fight. The Japanese again signal for the American surrender. Caton replies with "Come and get us." The battle continues, and losses mount. Civilians are raiding the bar and McClosky clears it, but not before grabbing 2 beers. Caton sends orders to all posts to act independently, and fire to protect themselves from landing parties. Communications fail. Caton orders the last man out of his command post with a written message, as McKluskey walks in, asking for a weapon. Caton hands him a helmet, a "brass hat", and tells him that he will find one for him. They leave together and make their way to an abandoned machine gun position. Caton is manning the gun, and McKlusky spots a grenade that has been thrown into the foxhole. He grabs it and throws it back out before is explodes. In a lull during the fighting, Caton remarks that McClosky has a good throwing arm. McClosky claims he played football for The University of Notre Dame, Class of 1928. Caton states that he played for The Virginia Military Institute, Class of 1928. McClosky pulls the beers from his pockets, and they toast the class of \'28. The Japanese land and begin to overrun the American positions. The main characters are all killed in action. The film ends with a voiceover stating that "This is not the end."'] ['{{Expand section}} Craig Benson  is a civilian working for the Navy helping supply guerilla insurgents in the Philippines. His main purpose, however, is to find his wife Ruth , from whom he was separated by the Japanese invasion of the Philippines. When he does find her, he learns that she believed him killed and is romantically involved with a Filipino resistance leader, Julio Fontana .'] ["Spahi Captain Paul Gerard is assigned to lead a patrol to the city of Bel-Rashad enroute to a French Foreign Legion fort. Gerard is to escort the Emir's daughter, Cara who has been studying in France to Bel-Rashad that is off limits to Frenchmen and investigate whether there may be anti-French activity in the city. On their ten day journey Gerard and Cara fall in love. Leaving Cara at Bel-Rashad, Gerard reports to the Legion fort commanded by Commandant Fronval and his executive officer Lieutenant Glysko, a former Cossack. One night at the Legion outpost, a sentry is shot by a sniper with all agreeing the bullet did not come from a usual musket. Gerard infiltrates Bel-Rashad discovering the locals are being armed with modern Mauser rifles. Detected, Gerard grabs a rifle and fights his way out being hidden by Cara in her room until he makes his escape. At the Legion fort it is agreed that Gerard must personally inform headquarters of these new developments. Leading a strong patrol back to the fort they discover that the fort has been destroyed with one wall being obliterated and all the Legionnaires are dead. Some of the Legionnaires, including Commandant Fronval, are found bound and executed. Gerard orders a raid of Bel-Rashad in retaliation led by Lt. Glysko to capture the Emir. The Emir is out rallying the tribes but Lt. Glysko brings back Cara as a hostage. As the Legion has no cement, the wall is repaired with mud. The Emir lays siege to the fort, and diverts the river that leads to the fort's water supply with dynamite. Encouraged by his initial victory, the Emir hopes to unite the all the tribes against the French. However due to feelings of loyalty, gratitude or fear, none of the other tribes wish to attack the French. Faced with no water, Gerard plans a breakout and releases Cara. After Glysko prays to God. a rainstorm comes encouraging the garrison but destroying the mud built wall. After the rain Gerard orders the approach route to the destroyed wall planted with landmines and covered by machine guns that he figures the Emir will use as his route of attack. At dawn the Emir leads his tribe to overrun the fort through the open wall. Cara tries to stop his attack. As Gerard sees her riding into the minefield to see her father, Gerard sadly orders the detonation of the mines and the crossfire to begin that wipes out the Emir, Cara and their tribe."] ['When Norwegian resistance leader Lieutenant Erik Bergman travels to Great Britain to report the location of a German V-2 rocket fuel plant, the Royal Air Force\'s No 633 Squadron is assigned to destroy it. The squadron is led by Wing Commander Roy Grant, an ex-Eagle Squadron pilot . The plant is in a seemingly impregnable location beneath an overhanging cliff at the end of a long, narrow fjord lined with anti-aircraft guns. The only way to destroy the plant is by collapsing the cliff on top of it, a job for No 633 Squadron\'s fast and manoeuvrable de Havilland Mosquitos. The squadron trains in Scotland, where there are narrow valleys similar to the fjord. There, Grant is introduced to Bergman\'s sister, Hilde. They are attracted to each other, despite Grant\'s aversion to wartime relationships. The Norwegian resistance is supposed to destroy the anti-aircraft defences guarding the facility just before the scheduled attack. When unexpected German reinforcements arrive, Bergman returns to Norway to try to gather more forces. However, he is captured while transporting desperately needed weapons. He is taken to Gestapo headquarters and tortured for information. Since Bergman knows too much, he must be silenced before he breaks. Grant and newly married Flying Officer Bissell are sent in with a single Mosquito to bomb the place. Though they are successful, their shot-up airplane crashes on its return, and Bissell is wounded and becomes blind. A tearful Hilde thanks Grant for ending her brother\'s suffering. Still worried, Air Vice-Marshal Davis decides to move up the attack to the next day. However, all of the resistance fighters are ambushed and killed, leaving the defences intact. Though Grant is given the option of aborting, he decides to press on. The factory is destroyed at the cost of the entire squadron, though a few crews are able to ditch in the fjord. Grant crash-lands. A local man helps Grant\'s navigator, Flying Officer Hoppy Hopkinson, pull the wounded wing commander from the burning wreckage. Back in Britain, Davis tells a fellow officer who is aghast at the losses, "You can\'t kill a squadron."'] ['In 1929, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini  is still faced with the 20-year long war waged by patriots in Libya to combat Italian colonization and the establishment of "The Fourth Shore"—the rebirth of a Roman Empire in Africa. Mussolini appoints General Rodolfo Graziani  as his sixth governor to Libya, confident that the eminently accredited soldier can crush the rebellion and restore the dissipated glories of Imperial Rome. Omar Mukhtar  leads the resistance to the fascists. A teacher by profession, guerrilla by obligation, Mukhtar had committed himself to a war that cannot be won in his own lifetime. Graziani controls Libya with the might of the Italian Army. Tanks and aircraft are used in the desert for the first time. The Italians also committed atrocities: killing of prisoners of war, destruction of crops, and hamletting populations behind barbed wire. Despite their bravery, the Libyan Arabs and Berbers suffered heavy losses, their relatively primitive weaponry was no match for mechanised warfare; despite all this, they continued to fight, and managed to keep the Italians from achieving complete victory for 20 years. Graziani was only able to achieve victory through deceit, deception, violation of the laws of war and human rights, and by the use of tanks and aircraft. Despite their lack of modern weaponry, Graziani recognised the skill of his adversary in waging guerrilla warfare. In one scene, Mukhtar refuses to kill a defenseless young officer, instead giving him the Italian flag to return with. Mukhtar says that Islam forbids him to kill captured soldiers and demands that he only fight for his homeland, and that Muslims are taught to hate war itself. In the end, Mukhtar is captured and tried as a rebel. His lawyer states that since Mukhtar had never accepted Italian rule, he cannot be tried as a rebel, and instead must be treated as a prisoner of war . The judge rejects this, and the film ends with Mukthar being executed by hanging.'] ['{{plot}} Europe 1944: Fragile Fox is a company of American G.I.s based in a Belgian town near the front line. They are led by Captain Erskine Cooney , a man who appears to be better at handling red tape than military strategy. Cooney is a natural coward who freezes under fire and cannot bring himself to send more men into battle to reinforce those already under attack. The increasing and unnecessary loss of life is causing morale problems among the troops and trying the patience of Platoon Leader Lt. Joe Costa , a bold and brave fighter and a natural leader of men. The Executive Officer, Lt. Harold Woodruff  is the "voice of reason" who tries to keep the peace between Cooney and Costa. Both he and Costa are respected by the enlisted troops. While Woodruff tries to get Cooney re-assigned to a desk job behind the lines, Costa hints at a more direct solution to the problem. It\'s a well-known fact that Cooney owes his position to battalion commander Lt. Col. Clyde Bartlett , a man who has known the Cooney family since he was a 14-year-old clerk in the office of Cooney\'s father, a top judge. The judge and his influence could be very useful to Bartlett\'s post-war political ambitions and it all depends on his and Erskine\'s war records. Neither Captain Erskine Cooney nor Bartlett are liked by the company: as Pfc. Bernstein ([[Robert Strauss  puts it: "When you salute them two, you have to apologize to your arm." When the Germans start the counter-attack known as the Battle of the Bulge, Bartlett orders Cooney to seize the town of La Nelle. Since there is no way of knowing if the Germans are there or not, Cooney overrules an all-out attack and decides that Costa should lead a reconnaissance mission. Costa agrees provided that both Cooney and Woodruff promise him to send in reinforcements if necessary. As he is about to leave, Costa warns Cooney of the consequences if he ever plays the "gutless wonder" again: "I\'ll shove this grenade down your throat and pull the pin!" As they approach La Nelle, the platoon comes under fire by German SS. Most of them are killed or injured. Costa and a handful of men take refuge in a farmhouse but find themselves under siege. When Costa calls for reinforcements, Cooney snaps, ignores the pressure from Woodruff to go in and turns to drink. A little strategy and deception enables Costa and his men to hold up but when panzers appear he has no choice but to call a retreat. He furiously tells Woodruff over the radio to warn Cooney that he\'s "coming back!"  In the confusion that follows the retreat, Costa becomes MIA. The rest of the men manage to get back to the main town, though another of them is killed, in addition to the many casualties during the initial move on La Nelle. The men show their contempt for Cooney: Bernstein spits at his feet and Sergeant Tolliver  rejects his offer of a drink, telling him that where he comes from "We don\'t drink with another man unless we respect him." Bartlett appears and tells Woodruff and Cooney that they must hold their present position in spite of the German advance. Woodruff warns Bartlett that he is going to lodge a complaint with General Parsons, the Colonel\'s superior, over the handling of the company. With the pressure building, Cooney breaks down, telling Woodruff about having been beaten by his father in order to "make a man" out of him. Bartlett has told him that he is in command "as a favor to the judge. He\'s always wanted a son, now I\'m trying to give him one." Feeling sorry for Cooney, Woodruff tells him to sleep it off and is about to assume command when Costa suddenly reappears, determined to kill Cooney. As they argue, they are told that the town is being overrun by Germans. Costa grabs a Bazooka and bravely disables a tank, only to have his arm crushed by its treads. A handful of men, including Woodruff and Sergeant Tolliver, take refuge in a basement. Private Bernstein is injured and, being a Jew, is unlikely to have his POW rights respected by the attacking SS. They try to get out but their way is blocked, and a drunken and erratic Cooney insists they are "holding for Clyde [Bartlett]". As they argue, Costa suddenly appears. Seriously injured and with only minutes of life left, he appeals to God to give him enough strength to kill Cooney, but he collapses and dies. Cooney mockingly kicks the gun away from him. With Costa dead, Cooney suggests that the rest of them surrender even though they have not been discovered. At that moment Woodruff warns him that he will shoot him if he does. When Cooney does make a move, Woodruff kills him. Woodruff insists that Tolliver place him under arrest, but he and the other GIs reject this, claiming that "shooting him was just about the most just thing I ever seen." They take turns shooting the dead Cooney themselves. Allied reinforcements arrive and the Germans retreat. Told by the men that Cooney was killed by the Germans, Bartlett appears to accept this and puts Woodruff in command. When the men ask Woodruff to confirm that he is now the C.O., there is some anxiety and hesitation in the room. Bartlett, an expert poker player who knows all about bluffing, is momentarily suspicious. Bartlett, who has always hated Cooney, contemptuously kicks him over, remarking "So the old judge wanted a son, huh? Looks like he had to lose one to get one." He gives Woodruff a field promotion to captain and tells him to forget about the threatened complaint to General Parsons; but he then announces that he is going to nominate Cooney for the Distinguished Service Cross. Outraged that a coward should be honoured in this way, Woodruff openly accuses Bartlett of manipulating the whole thing in order to get rid of Cooney, who was a liability, and get favors with his powerful father: "I may have pulled that trigger but you aimed the gun. You set this whole thing up so it would happen!" Bartlett is unconcerned, remarking that Woodruff has too much to lose if he makes the whole affair public. But Woodruff calls his bluff, goes to the radio and calls for General Parsons.'] ['Lieutenant Hartman  is an experienced combat team leader who is becoming weary of the war in Europe. After he is promoted to company commander following the reckless death of the previous officer, he is given orders to advance to the Rhine River at Remagen where he is promised a rest for his men. At the same time, Major Paul Krüger , an honorable Wehrmacht officer, is given the job of destroying the bridge there by his friend and superior, Colonel General von Brock  who has been given a written order to do it immediately. But the staff officer appeals to Krüger\'s sense of honour, giving him a verbal command to defend the bridge for as long as possible to allow the 15th Army trapped on the west bank of the river to escape. After capturing the undefended town of Meckenheim four miles from Remagen, Hartman is ordered by his battalion commander, Major Barnes , to continue the advance until encountering resistance. Hartman is disgusted because Barnes is using the men\'s lives to further his own military career. Krüger, meanwhile, has been touring the defences above the town of Remagen. He assures the handful of troops, which are just old veterans and boys, that he has a personal guarantee from the general that tank reserves are on the way. But when Hartman\'s troops attack the town, Krüger is shown the reality when he calls for the promised tanks and is told they have been sent "elsewhere". On finding the bridge intact, General Shinner  orders Major Barnes to secure its capture, saying: "It\'s a crap shoot, Major. We\'re risking one hundred men, but you may save ten thousand". With only momentary hesitation, Barnes agrees to send in Hartman\'s company, and orders the troops to gain a foothold across the Rhine River, thus avoiding a costly assault-crossing elsewhere. Sergeant Angelo , one of Hartman\'s squad leaders and friend, highlights the mood of the war-weary men by striking Barnes after being ordered onto the bridge. On the other side, as the American soldiers rush the bridge, Krüger along with explosives engineer, Captain Baumann ([[Joachim Hansen , and Captain Schmidt  from Remagen Bridge Security Command, try to blow up the bridge, but the explosives they have been provided with prove to be not the high-yield military grade charges needed for the job, but weaker industrial explosives, which fail to destroy the superstructure. Hartman\'s troops dig in to consolidate their hold on the intact bridge. Krüger, who still believes in victory, shoots two soldiers as they try to desert. He then realises that the futility of the situation has turned him "on his own" troops, and the defensive position has becomes untenable. In desperation, Krüger returns to HQ to make a personal appeal to the general for more reinforcements, but on arrival he finds that the building has been taken over by the SS and Von Brock has been arrested for being "defeatist". Krüger is then questioned about the delay before blowing up the bridge. Unable to present a written order, he is not able to justify his actions and is arrested. Back at Remagen, Hartman leads a raid against a machine gun nest installed by Krüger on board a barge moored to the bridge, but while taking its crew out, Angelo is hit and falls into the river. Despondent, Hartman marches on foot towards the bridge defenders\' post at the same time as a squad of M24 Chaffee light tanks cross the bridge. The remaining German soldiers surrender to the Americans, and in the aftermath Hartman discovers that Angelo has survived after all. The next day, Krüger is led out for execution by SS firing squad. With the sounds of many planes overhead, Krüger asks: "Ours or theirs?". The SS officer attending him replies, "Enemy planes, Sir!". "But who is the enemy?" muses Krüger before he is shot. . The film concludes with scenes on the bridge, and a screen crawl informing the viewer that the actual structure collapsed into the Rhine 10 days after its capture.'] ['Wing Commander Tim Mason  is nearing the end of his third tour of operations, meaning he has flown nearly 90 missions over Germany. Having twice volunteered to continue operational flying, Mason is keen to make it a round 90 "ops", but when he is nearing the end of his tour he receives orders banning him from further flying. Meanwhile, losses are mounting and several raids are being seen as failures, so that some of the members of his crews, Brown  and "The Brat" Greeno  among them, are thinking that there must be a "jinx" at work. Soon after "The Brat" is then caught sending unauthorised telegrams off the station. These turn out to be written to his wife, Pam , rather than anything more sinister; however, Mason reprimands Greeno for the lapse in security. Soon after, Greeno\'s aircraft fails to return from a raid and Mason agrees to meet Pam, who has asked to see him. With only one more flight to go, he accepts that the decision to ground him was for his own good, and he visits Brown\'s aircraft as Brown and his crew prepare to take off on a mission. As the crew board the Lancaster the large 4,000&nbsp;lb "Cookie" bomb that is part of the bomber\'s load, slips from the bomb shackles and injures one of the crew. With no time to obtain a replacement crew member, U.S. observer, Mac Baker , takes his place. Mason decides to go as well to reassure the crew\'s worries about the jinx, and the bomber takes off. The mission is flown and while the target is being attacked, the Master Bomber is shot down, causing the remaining bombers to begin bombing inaccurately. Hearing and seeing this, Mason takes the Master Bomber\'s place on the radio, broadcasting corrections and accurate instructions, and the bombing becomes accurate again. Listening-in to the Master Bomber\'s broadcast back in England, Mason\'s Commanding Officer, Logan ([[Ian Hunter  hears Mason\'s voice and realises that he\'s disobeyed orders and flown on the operation. However, owing to Mason\'s intervention the raid, which could have been a failure, has been a success, and on Mason\'s return Logan greets him at his aircraft. At the end of the mission, Mason, along with Brown, and Greeno\'s Wife, Pam, take a taxi to Buckingham Palace to receive an award from King George VI, the so-called "appointment" in London.'] ["During World War II, Cpl. Joe Enders rallies to return to active duty with the aid of his pharmacist, Rita, after previously surviving a gruesome battle against the Imperial Japanese Army that killed his entire squad and left him almost deaf from a Japanese grenade explosion. Enders' new assignment is to protect Navajo code talker Pvt. Ben Yahzee, which earns him the rank of sergeant. Sgt. Ox Henderson also receives a parallel assignment protecting Navajo code talker Pvt. Charlie Whitehorse. Yahzee and Whitehorse, lifelong friends from the same Navajo tribe, are trained to send and receive coded messages that direct battleship bombardments of Japanese entrenched positions. Enders and Henderson are told that the code cannot fall into enemy hands, implying that they are to kill their code talkers if capture is imminent. The invasion of Saipan is Yahzee and Whitehorse's first combat experience. After the beachhead is secured, the Marines come under friendly fire from American artillery. Yahzee's radio is destroyed and the convoy is unable to call off the bombardment. Without the ability to communicate and American artillery shells raining down on them, Yahzee disguises himself as an Imperial Japanese soldier and slips behind enemy lines taking Enders as his prisoner of war in search of a radio. Enders eliminates several Japanese soldiers and Yahzee is forced to kill for the first time, slaying a Japanese radioman before he can redirect American artillery fire onto the Japanese position. Yahzee is sent back to headquarters and that night the Marines camp in a village thought to be secured. Later the next morning, Japanese soldiers raid the camp. During the fight Henderson is decapitated and his code talker Pvt. Whitehorse is about to be captured by the Japanese. Enders sees Whitehorse being beaten and dragged away by the Japanese and tries to shoot the captors with his side arm, but it has run out of ammo. Enders primes a grenade as Whitehorse nods to him, allowing Enders to throw the grenade at him in order to protect the code, and the ensuing explosion kills both Whitehorse and the Japanese captors. Yahzee returns to the front-line and soon learns that Enders killed Whitehorse. Outraged, Yahzee aims his weapon at Enders and attempts to kill him, but cannot bring himself to do it. Soon after, the Marines are mobilized on another mission. But they are yet again ambushed, this time near a deadly minefield. Barely able to fight their way out of the kill zone and take cover on an old battle torn ridge, the Marines see Japanese artillery fire coming on top of the same ridge which is decimating American troops below their position. Still enraged over the death of Whitehorse, Yahzee charges the Japanese line fearlessly, and in so doing, fumbles the radio needed to call in bombardments. Yahzee and Enders are both shot as they attempt to retrieve the radio. Enders manages to carry Yahzee to safety after taking a shot in the chest. With his last breath Enders confesses that he hated having to kill Whitehorse, and that his mission was to protect the code above all else. Back in the U.S., Yahzee, his wife, and his son sit on atop of Point Mesa in Monument Valley, Arizona, and perform the Navajo ritual of paying respects to the man who saved his life. In the epilogue, the film explains that the Navajo code was critical to America's success against Japan in the war, and that during the entire war, the code had never been broken."] ['The lost remnants of a Brigade headquarters make their way through the Burmese jungle following a retreat. Separated from their other units and without radio communication the survivors led by Captain Langford  stumble into a Burmese village held by a small group of Japanese soldiers. After finishing them off they are mystified that among the dead 10 Japanese is a full Colonel. They also discover a map with various positions marked in code and a Burmese collaborator who only talks after Captain Langford orders two villagers shot by a firing squad. The Burmese explains the map is a Japanese plan of attack against the British but the patrol has no way to get the information out unless they leave their wounded behind or fix their radio.'] ['A demonstration of the capabilities of PT boats is shown in Manila Bay, Philippines in December 1941. Lt.j.g. "Rusty" Ryan  becomes disgusted when his superiors refuse to see the small boats as viable naval craft and is in the process of writing his request for a transfer to destroyers when news arrives of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Ryan and Lt. John Brickley\'s ([[Robert Montgomery  demands for combat assignments for their squadron are frustrated for a time, but they are eventually allowed to show their capabilities. From there on, there are mostly "action" scenes, with the exception of Ryan\'s romantic interludes with Army nurse Sandy Davyss . With the mounting Japanese onslaught against the doomed American garrisons at Bataan and Corregidor, the squadron is sent to evacuate General Douglas MacArthur, his family, and a party of VIPs. This done, they resume their attacks against the Japanese, who gradually whittle down the squadron. As boats are lost, their crews are sent to fight as infantry. Finally, the last boat is turned over to the Army for messenger duty. Brickley, Ryan and two ensigns are airlifted out on one of the last planes because the PT boats have proved their worth and they are needed stateside to train replacement PT boat officers and crews. The remaining enlisted men, led by Chief Mulcahey, are left behind to continue the fight with remnants of the U.S. Army and Filipino guerillas.'] [" A group of United States Army paratroopers led by Captain Nelson  are dropped into Burma to locate and destroy a camouflaged Japanese Army radar station that is detecting Allied aircraft flying into China. For their mission, they are assigned Gurkha guides, a Chinese Army Captain and an older war correspondent  whose character is used to explain various procedures to the audience. The mission is an overwhelming success as the 36-man team quickly take out the station and its personnel. But when the airborne troops arrive at an old air-strip to be taken back to their base, they find the Japanese waiting for them at their rendezvous site. Captain Nelson makes the hard decision to call off the rescue planes, and hike out on foot. To reduce the likelihood of detection, the group then splits up into two smaller units to meet up at a deserted Burmese village. But when Nelson arrives at the meeting place, he finds that the other team had been captured, tortured and mutilated by the Japanese. Only Lt. Jacobs survives, and he too dies after telling Nelson what had happened. The surviving soldiers are then attacked and are forced again to retreat into the jungle. The men must then cross the swamps in their attempt to make it back to safety through enemy-occupied jungle. Fighting an almost constant rearguard action, Nelson's paratroopers also succeed as decoys leading Japanese troops away from the site of the British 1944 aerial invasion of Burma."] ['Concentrating on the personal lives of those involved, a war correspondent takes us through the preparations, landing and initial campaign on Guadalcanal during WWII.'] ['In 1949, American attorney and former U.S. Army Air Forces officer Harvey Stovall  is vacationing in Great Britain when he spies a familiar Toby Jug in an English antique shop.In the film, we learn that the Toby Jug that Lieutenant Colonel Stovall found had been used in the Officers Club of the 918th Bomb Group. The Robin Hood-charactered jug which normally faced the wall was turned around to alert the officers that there would be a mission the next day. When the pilots continue to ask about their transfer applications, Savage tries to enlist a young pilot, Medal of Honor-nominee Lieutenant Jesse Bishop  to help him change their attitudes. Bishop eventually comes to believe in the general, and when the Inspector General arrives to check out the unrest, Bishop convinces the others to withdraw their requests. Later, Savage learns that Gately has been hospitalized, having flown three missions with a chipped vertebra that caused him acute pain. This brings about a "rapprochement" between him and Savage. As the air war advances deeper into Germany, missions become longer and riskier, with enemy resistance intensifying. Many of Savage\'s best men, including Bishop, are shot down or killed. Pritchard tries to get Savage to return to a staff job at VIII Bomber Command. Savage refuses because he feels that the 918th is not quite ready to do without him yet. Reluctantly, Pritchard leaves Savage in command. The first of these missions, aimed at destroying Germany\'s ball bearing industry, has the Luftwaffe throwing everything available at the bomber force. Although the target is hit, the 918th takes a beating, losing six of 21 B-17s. Savage is shaken when he witnesses Cobb\'s airplane being blown up by a direct flak hit. Savage concludes that a second strike on the same target is necessary. With the death of Cobb, Savage reinstates Gately as Air Exec. The next day, Savage becomes disoriented and erratic and is unable to haul himself up into his B-17. Gately takes over. Savage becomes nearly catatonic. Only when the bombers return after destroying the target, does he regain his composure. He says a few words, and falls asleep.Although Savage\'s fate from then on is not clear in the film, in the novel he is promoted and returns to the United States to take command of the Second Air Force. The story then returns to 1949 and Stovall. Stovall returns to his bicycle and pedals away with the Toby Jug.'] ['The executive officer aboard USS Thunderfish, Lieutenant Commander Duke Gifford , assumes command of the boat when the skipper  is killed. A scene where the crew solves a complex torpedo performance-design problem is based on fact, as are many others. The scene where Commander Perry  is killed in a surface action is a combination of two incidents involving Commander Howard W. Gilmore, captain of USS Growler. Mortally wounded on the bridge, Gilmore gave the order "Take her down", sacrificing himself to save his ship and crew, for which he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. The ramming/sinking of the armed freighter depicted in the scene occurred in the same action, just prior to Gilmore\'s death.'] ["On August 12, 2011, large masses thought to be meteorites land in the oceans near several major coastal cities. The objects are discovered to be spacecraft containing hostile extraterrestrial life. Marines from Camp Pendleton arrive in Los Angeles, including SSgt. Michael Nantz , a 20-year veteran who had lost his squad during his tour in Iraq. Nantz was officially to begin his retirement; but because of the attack, is instead made the acting platoon sergeant for a Marines battalion. The Marines commandeer a city bus for evacuation. They also vivisect a wounded alien, and with the help of Michele, find a vulnerable spot in its torso. They also learn that the alien aircraft are remote-controlled drones that track human radio transmissions. Santos reveals that her original mission was to locate the aliens' central command center, believing that its destruction would deactivate the drones. On the I-10 freeway, the bus comes under attack. Because the off-ramp is destroyed, the Marines rappel the civilians off the freeway. Marines Stavrou  and Mottola  and the National Guard personnel are killed, while Rincon and Lt. Martinez are wounded. Martinez sacrifices himself to destroy an advancing enemy unit by detonating explosives inside the bus, leaving Nantz in command. The surviving Marines and civilians escape the bombing zone with a minute to go. A news report speculates that the aliens are seeking Earth's water for fuel while attempting to colonize the planet and eradicate humans; ocean levels have already dropped several feet. The team waits for the bombing, but to their dismay nothing happens, and they depart. Arriving at the airport, the Marines discover that the aliens destroyed the FOB and the military is retreating from Los Angeles. Echo Company plans to escort the civilians to an alternative extraction point. Before they leave, Rincon dies from his wounds, but the company later reaches the evacuation spot."] ['The film begins with a replacement, Pilot Officer T. B. "Septic" Baird , landing his Hawker Hurricane at "Pimpernel" Squadron\'s airfield. Just as he touches down however, a straggler from an earlier mission taxis across his path. Septic\'s quick reactions allow him to "leapfrog" the other Hurricane, averting a costly disaster. However, this causes him to crash his replacement plane into the bungalow of Squadron Leader Barry Clinton  at the end of the runway. This earns Septic the wrath of his new squadron leader, Bill Ponsford , because he damaged his plane. The crash also injures the ligaments in Septic\'s neck, which he is able to self diagnose, as he had been a medical student before the war. The next morning, Septic is told by Group Captain "Tiger" Small  that he will not be able to fly until his neck is healed, so he will instead serve in the operations room for the time being. Several days later, with the risk of a bombing attack on the airfield, and all of Pimpernel Squadron\'s Hurricanes scrambled, Tiger orders all aircraft to take-off and fly out of harm\'s way until the raid is over. With Tiger quickly assembling all available pilots and finding aircraft to fly, Septic wins a foot race with Small to claim the last spare Hurricane for himself. He then proceeds to shoot down a Bf-110 from the attacking force. His delight is short lived however when he is admonished by Small and Sqn Ldr Peter Moon  for leaving his radio set to transmit, preventing the returning Hurricanes from being diverted to an undamaged airfield. A crestfallen Septic returns to his ground duties. Eventually a reinstated Septic joins in Pimpernel\'s operations, but he is mortally wounded while shooting down another enemy aircraft. His last words are heard over the Sector control room tannoy , when he tells Small that their planned return foot race will have to be "postponed indefinitely". Small replies "Your message received and understood. Out." Septic then passes out and crashes to his death.'] ['A senior Royal Air Force officer  is at a dinner party in Hong Kong at which one of those present, , talks about a dream he had in which the Air Force Officer and a group of companions are flying in a Dakota which crashes on a rocky shore. The Air Marshal is due to fly to Tokyo the following day, but is not disturbed because many of the details differ from his planned voyage. However, as the flight proceeds circumstances change so that eventually all the details correspond to the dream. Moreover the plane does actually crash on a rocky shore in Japan.'] ["Poitier plays a Korean War sergeant commanding a small, isolated and decimated platoon of American Marines. The film explores the racial integration of the American military, centering on the African-American sergeant's struggle to win the trust and respect of the men in his unit.http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,939200,00.html When the platoon commander is mortally wounded in an ambush, he passes the role of platoon leader to the next highest ranking man, Sergeant Towler . Towler initially feels the role should be taken by the combat experienced former Sergeant now Private Kincaid  who has eleven years of service as a Marine. However, Ladd lost his former rank through misconduct and doing things his own way. Ladd's prowess as a hero is demonstrated in the opening battle scene where he picks up a M1919 Browning machine gun and fires it from the hip into charging North Korean hordes. Before he dies, the Lieutenant reminds Towler that he is next in line for command, not Kincaid. One of the platoon, Pvt Bracken ([[Paul Richards , openly questions Towler's authority in favour of Kincaid. With their radio destroyed in the ambush, Sgt Towler leads the ten survivors of the platoon to a house strategically located at a pass that the men can hold until the rest of the battalion arrive."] ['The US Army is conducting a fighting retreat. A high bridge spans a ravine on the Bataan peninsula. After the army and some civilians cross, a group of thirteen hastily-assembled volunteers from different units is assigned to blow it up and delay Japanese rebuilding efforts as long as possible. The soldiers are a mixed lot, including a Mexican-American California National Guardsman Pvt. Felix Ramirez , Pvt. Wesley Epps, a black demolitions expert , Pvt. Matthew Hardy, a conscientious objector in the Medical Corps , Pvt. Francis X. Matowski, an engineer , Pvt. "Yankee" Salazar, a Philippine Scout , Pvt. Sam Molloy, a cook , Corporal Jake Feingold ([[Thomas Mitchell   and Seaman Leonard Purckett, a naive young navy musician ([[Robert Walker . Sergeant Bill Dane ([[Robert Taylor  is from the regular 31st Infantry, while Corporal Barney Todd  claims to be a signalman. However, Dane suspects him of being a pre-war acquaintance, a soldier accused of murder who had escaped while being guarded by then-military policeman Dane. They dig in on a hillside and blow up the bridge, but their commander, cavalry Captain Henry Lassiter , is killed by a sniper, leaving Dane in charge. One by one, the defenders are killed, with one, Pvt. Felix Ramirez, succumbing to malaria. There is also tension between Sgt Dane and Cpl Todd due to their past, neither acknowledging their past ought right despite both knowing it and knowing they recognise each other, Army Air Corps pilot Lieutenant Steve Bentley  and his Filipino mechanic, Corporal Juan Katigbak , work frantically to repair an airplane. They succeed, but Katigbak is killed and Bentley is mortally wounded. He has them load explosives aboard, takes off and deliberately crashes his plane into the bridge\'s foundation. The remaining soldiers repel a massive frontal assault. Epps and Feingold are killed in the battle, with Epps being beheaded by a samurai sword and Feingold being caught in a burst of machinegun fire. Purckett and Todd are later killed by Japanese soldiers who had feigned being dead, leaving only Sergeant Dane. Before he dies, Todd admits to Dane that he is actually Dan Burns, the soldier who had escaped from Dane\'s custody. Now alone Dane stoically digs his own marked grave beside those of his fallen comrades and waits in it set up a heavy machine gun as well as his personal weapon a Tommy Gun. The Japanese troops crawl close to his position before opening fire and charging at Dane. Dane fires back first with his Tommy Gun screaming that despite what the Japanese may have thought "Were still here.....well always be here, why don\'t you come and get us!" then with the machine gun at the onrushing enemy as the final credits roll. The end story board states that the sacrifice of the defenders of Bataan  helped slow the Japanese down making possible America\'s later victories in the Pacific War'] ["When slave traders bring back an evil voodoo entity that is accidentally freed by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. The entity possesses the bodies of the dead soldiers to create an army of its own bent on conquest, using the corpses of both the North and South. When both Union and Confederate soldiers are mysteriously murdered by the entity during the Civil War, the opposing troops must overcome their differences and band together to investigate the gruesome deaths. It soon becomes apparent that these killers are anything but human. Instead, they are a maniacal regiment of supernatural forces, and it is solely up to these united American soldiers to fight the slaughterous evil of the Ghost Brigade. The film centers around Captain John Harling, a Union army man that has been awaiting his parole but it is cut short when there are unusual murders of Union troops. To discover the culprits behind this Harling seeks Colonel Nehemiah Strayn, a former Confederate regiment commander, now sitting in a Union prison at Bowling Green who was once Harling's teacher. The two officers, along with Colonel George Thalman supervising, set out with a small detachment of troops and a runaway slave named Rebecca. When they reach the site where several Union troops were murdered, Strayn tells about what happened to his regiment, whose gruesome end happened at the same place where the Union corpses were found. After leaving the site and wandering deeper into Tennessee, they come across a group of Confederate soldiers, who quickly surrender much to the surprise of the Union troops. The Confederate in charge tells Thalman that their group was attacked by a band of undead troops who took many of his men away, yet he was unaware of why he and his people were taken. Thalman, deciding that they required reinforcements, took off leaving Harling in charge. But during the night, while Strayn & Rebecca are talking just a few yards away from the camp, they are assaulted by Stayn's old regiment, now a bunch of walking zombies. His former second-in-command, Major Josiah Elkins, tells him to lead this new regiment. Strayn refuses the offer however, and escapes with Rebecca to the camp. Strayn warns everyone at the camp and they all hide behind the carts that the Confederates had with them and waited until the zombie soldiers approached them. After holding them off, they are surprised to see Thalman reappear again, but he has been changed. So after being burned by Rebecca he returns to his former self. But before he dies, he puts Harling in charge, in hopes that Harling would see the men out. The next day, since they don't have time to leave the area, they set a trap for the Ghost Brigade. Using Strayn to lure them back to the Union camp, he surprises them by picking up a pistol and killing one of them with a silver bullet which was created from the silver that the Confederates were carrying. The Ghost Brigade goes into a fury and attacks the joint Union/Confederate troops, who were positioned behind a trench filled with water and wagons turned into barricades. Strayn personally fights with Elkins in hand-to-hand combat before Elkins stabs him. But before he can finish Strayn, Rebecca leaps on top of him. The short struggle continues until Rebecca shoots Elkins by aiming at her chest when he was behind her. While barely alive, Harling realizes that she is infected and has to be shot. Strayn tries to intervene but Rebecca is shot. The last remaining zombie soldier cries over Elkin's corpse before he is shot by Harling. With the Ghost Brigade defeated, they head back for Union territory, where Strayn is sent back to Bowling Green prison for a short period, before he escapes and rejoins the Confederate Army. He fights with distinction during the battles of Gettysburg and other major Civil War battles, but his unusual stand against slavery alienates many of his countrymen. While Strayn is fighting in the Confederate Army Harling decides to not take his parole and stay with the Union Army for duration of the war, serving under General U.S. Grant for the remainder of the Civil War. The film ends with Harling telling the story of Strayn going back to the creek where his regiment was murdered, where he is never seen again."] ['In the Tunisian desert, the untested infantrymen of C Company, 18th Infantry, U.S. Army, board trucks to travel to the front for the first time. Lt. Bill Walker  allows war correspondent Ernie Pyle , himself a rookie to combat, to hitch a ride with the company. Ernie surprises Walker and the rest of the men by deciding to go with them all the way to the front lines. Just getting to the front through the rain and mud is an arduous task, but the diminutive, forty-two year old Ernie manages to keep up. Ernie gets to know the men whose paths he will cross and write about again and again in the next year: *Private "Wingless" Murphy, a good-natured man who was rejected by the Air Corps for being too tall; *Dondaro, an Italian-American from Brooklyn whose mind is always on women and conniving to be with one; *Sergeant Warnicki, who misses the young son  he has never seen; *Private Mew, from Brownsville, Texas, who has no family back home but finds one in the outfit, exemplified by his naming beneficiaries for his G.I. life insurance among them. Their "baptism of fire" is at the Battle of Kasserine Pass, a bloody chaotic defeat. Ernie is present at battalion headquarters when Lieutenant Walker arrives as a runner for his company commander; Walker has already become an always tired, seemingly emotionless, and grimy soldier. Ernie and the company go their separate ways, but months later he seeks them out, confessing that, as the first outfit he ever covered, they are in his mind the best outfit in the army. He finds them on a road in Italy, about to attack a German-held town, just as the soldiers are elated or disappointed at "mail call": letters for Murphy and Dondaro, a package with a phonograph record of his son\'s voice for Warnicki, but nothing for now Captain Walker. Ernie finds that Company C has become very proficient at killing without remorse. In house-to-house combat, they capture the town. Fatigue, however, is an always present but never conquerable enemy. When arrangements are made for Wingless Murphy to marry "Red", his Army nurse fiancee, in the town they have just captured, Ernie is recruited to give the bride away, but can barely keep awake. The company advances to a position in front of Monte Cassino, but, unable to advance, they are soon reduced to a life of living in caves dug in the ground, enduring persistent rain and mud, conducting endless patrols and subjected to savage artillery barrages. When his men are forced to eat cold rations for Christmas dinner, Walker obtains turkey and cranberry sauce for them from a rear echelon supply lieutenant at gunpoint. Casualties are heavy: young replacements are quickly killed before they can learn the tricks of survival in combat , Walker is always short of lieutenants, and the veterans lose men, including Wingless Murphy. After a night patrol to capture a prisoner, Warnicki suffers a nervous breakdown when, finally hearing his son\'s voice on the record, his pent up frustrations at the war are released. Ernie returns to the correspondents\' quarters to write a piece on Murphy\'s death and is told by his fellow reporters that he has won the Pulitzer Prize for his combat reporting. Ernie again catches up with the outfit on the side of the road to Rome after Cassino has finally been taken. He greets Mew and a few of the old hands, but the pleasant reunion is interrupted when a string of mules is led into their midst, each carrying the dead body of a G.I. to be gently placed on the ground. A final mule, led by Dondaro, bears the body of Captain Walker. One by one, the old hands reluctantly come forth to express their grief in the presence of Walker\'s corpse. "Then the first man squatted down, and he reached down and took the dead hand, and he sat there for a full five minutes, holding the dead hand in his own and looking intently into the dead face, and he never uttered a sound all the time he sat there. And finally he put the hand down, and then reached up and gently straightened the points of the captain’s shirt collar, and then he sort of rearranged the tattered edges of his uniform around the wound. And then he got up and walked away down the road, all alone."Ernie Pyle, "The Death of Captain Waskow", Indiana University School of Journalism Ernie joins the company as it goes down the road, narrating its conclusion: &#34;For those beneath the wooden crosses, there is nothing we can do, except perhaps to pause and murmur, &#39;Thanks pal, thanks.&#39;&#34;'] ['The main character is Sergeant Michael Dunne , introduced in the spring of 1917 after Vimy Ridge, a decorated veteran of the 10th Battalion, CEF. During heavy combat in a ruined town, Dunne is wounded and sent home from Europe as a neurasthenia patient. While recovering from his injuries, he meets nurse Sarah Mann  in Calgary, Alberta, where he had originally enlisted. Sarah Mann is drummed out of the local nursing service, and ostracised in town, because her father was of German descent and had left Canada to rejoin the Imperial German Army in 1915. He was killed at Vimy Ridge on the opposing side to Sgt. Dunne. She has become addicted to morphine as a means of dealing with the recurring loss in her life. David Mann  is Sarah\'s younger brother. Despite being ineligible for military service due to asthma, he is desperate to win the respect of his girlfriend\'s father at a time when military service is demanded of all young men. He is vehemently anti-German and tries to expunge the fact that his father was German, and had died fighting for Germany, from the family history. His girlfriend\'s father pulls strings to get him enlisted, arguably in the hope that he will not return and marry his daughter. Sarah originally thinks Michael has enlisted David, in his role as local recruitment officer, but later finds this is untrue. The enlistment is further facilitated by a British recruiting officer whose malice and goading of David Mann and Michael Dunne makes him the film\'s principal antagonist. Michael however feels a responsibility and re-enlists as Pte. MacCrae in order to protect David at the front. As a result, both David and Michael meet up in the trenches in France. Sarah also enlists and follows the 10th ending up as a nurse in triage at an Advanced Dressing Station near the front. The three arrive in Flanders in time for the Battle of Passchendaele. Dunne and Sarah soon meet up again when Dunne brings a wounded man to the aid station. Although Dunne\'s cover as MacCrae is soon found blown, he manages to escape punishment and is promoted to platoon leader by the Colonel who knew him from earlier fighting, when his past actions "should have got a V.C." and because of the need for experienced soldiers as high casualties were expected. When the Canadians launch their attack, the 8th Battalion, Royal Winnipeg Rifles, known as the Little Black Devils, faces a German counterattack and become pinned down. Dunne\'s company is sent to support them. After the support company arrives, the 8th Battalion retreats from the battlefield, wrongly believing that they are finally relieved, leaving the job of holding the ground to Dunne\'s small force. As the reality of the war begins to set in, David Mann begins to realize the war was not what he believed it would be. Dunne\'s forces spend the night in their trenches, and as a result of the shelling, David begins to have an asthmatic/panic attack and Dunne calms him down, relieving the problem. The next morning the Germans counter-attack, and make it as far as the line, and both forces attack each other in close quarter combat. As the Germans retreat, David breaks down and chases them back to surrender. He jumps into their trenches and is met by a gun to the face where he begs in German. He is about to be shot when an artillery shell lands and the explosion throws him onto what is effectively a cross, created by walkway timbers from the trench. He is visually crucified by the explosion. This relates to Dunne\'s earlier story of the legendary report of the crucified soldier. When Dunne sees this he takes his helmet off, throws his gun down and runs to David, in a reckless attempt to keep his promise to keep him alive, getting shot in the process. He crawls to the cross on his knees, looking up at it. The Germans stop firing and allow him to retrieve David, whom he carries back to his own lines. The fighting swiftly resumes with a shell landing. David lives, but Dunne is carried to the hospital where he dies after his last words with Sarah. This happens just as the news comes in that the Canadians have managed to take Passchendaele Ridge. The ending scene shows the wheelchair-bound David Mann ; Sarah Mann; David\'s girlfriend Cassie; and Dunne\'s best friend Royster  paying tribute at Dunne\'s grave on his home farm. The marker has been altered to remove the "5" of 1915 and changed to 1917. The camera then pans out and the background alters to a field of hundreds of Canadian war graves with a riderless horse on the horizon.'] ["Manfred von Richthofen  is a German cavalry officer newly assigned to an air squadron under the command of Oswald Boelcke who quickly becomes an ace. His career is presented on screen intercut with scenes of another pilot across the lines, a Canadian pilot named Roy Brown who arrives at a British squadron, where the top scoring pilot is a Victoria Cross holder named Lanoe Hawker. The two pilots are very different; Brown ruffles the feathers of his squadron mates by refusing to drink a toast to von Richthofen, while von Richthofen awards himself silver trophies in honour of his kills and clashes with fellow pilot, Hermann Göring, when Boelcke is killed after a mid air collision and Richthofen assumes command of the squadron. While Brown becomes moody and depressed by his war service, Richthofen becomes outwardly energized by the war. Outraged by an order to camouflage his squadron's aircraft, he paints them in bright conspicuous colours, claiming that gentlemen should not hide from their enemies. The toll on both squadrons is highlighted when Richthofen is wounded during an aerial battle and Lanoe Hawker is killed. The war becomes personal for both when Brown and his squadron attack von Richthofen's airfield, destroying their aircraft on the ground. Revenge comes when von Richthofen, with the help of a batch of new fighters from Anthony Fokker launches a counter attack on the British airfield. The climax of the film  pits Brown and von Richthofen in an aerial combat with each other from which only one survives."] ['Tough-as-nails career Marine Sergeant John Stryker  is greatly disliked by the men of his squad, particularly the combat replacements, for the rigorous training he puts them through. He is especially despised by Private Peter Conway , the arrogant, college-educated son of an officer, Colonel Sam Conway under whom Stryker served and admired, and Private Al Thomas , who blames him for his demotion. When Stryker leads his squad in the invasion of Tarawa, the men begin to appreciate his methods, except Conway, who considers him brutal and unfeeling when he apparently abandons a wounded comrade to the enemy. During the battle, Thomas goofs off when he goes to get ammunition for two comrades, stopping to savor a cup of coffee. As a result, though he brings back coffee for his squadmates, he returns too late&nbsp;— the two Marines, now out of ammunition, are overrun; Hellenpolis is killed, Bass badly wounded. When Stryker discovers the truth, he forces Thomas into a fistfight. This is seen by a passing officer, but Thomas unexpectedly gets Stryker out of trouble for hitting a subordinate by claiming that he was being taught judo. His conscience ravaging him, Thomas breaks down and abjectly apologizes for his dereliction. Stryker shows his soft side while on leave in Honolulu. He picks up a bargirl ([[Julie Bishop  and goes to her apartment. He becomes suspicious when he hears somebody in the next room, but when he investigates, all he finds is a hungry baby boy she is supporting the best way she can. He gives the woman, whose child\'s father was "gone," some money and leaves. The woman had earlier noted that there were "worse ways to make a living than fighting a war," referring to her current lot in life. Later, during a training exercise, a recruit drops a live hand grenade. Everybody drops to the ground, except Conway, who is distracted reading a letter from his wife. Stryker knocks him down, saving his life, and then proceeds to bawl him out. Stryker\'s squad fights in the battle for Iwo Jima, witnessing the iconic flag raising on Mount Suribachi. {{Dubious}} Afterward, while the men are resting during a lull in the fighting, Stryker is killed by a sniper. His men find a letter on him, addressed to his son, saying the things he wanted to say, but never got around to.'] ['The Hurt Locker opens with a quotation from War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning, a best-selling 2002 book by Chris Hedges, a New York Times war correspondent and journalist: "The rush of battle is a potent and often lethal addiction, for war is a drug."Edelstein, David . Erin . [http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/military_law/4324279.html "Hurt Locker: Iraqi Explosive Ordnance Disposal Hits the Big Screen". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communications. Retrieved 2009-11-02. replacing Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson , who was killed by a radio-controlled 155mm improvised explosive device  in Baghdad. His team includes Sergeant J.T. Sanborn  and Specialist Owen Eldridge . James\'s maverick methods and attitude lead Sanborn and Eldridge to consider him reckless, and tensions mount. When they are assigned to destroy some explosives in a remote desert area, James returns to the detonation site to pick up his gloves. Sanborn openly contemplates killing James by "accidentally" triggering the explosion, making Eldridge very uncomfortable, but he does nothing. Returning to Camp Victory in their Humvee, the team encounter five armed men in traditional Arab garb near their Ford Excursion with a flat tire. After a tense encounter, the men reveal themselves to be private military contractors, British mercenaries. They have captured two prisoners featured on the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards. The entire group suddenly comes under fire. When the prisoners attempt to escape in the confusion, the leader of the mercenaries  remembers the bounty for them is "dead or alive", and shoots them. Enemy snipers kill three of the mercenaries, including the leader. Sanborn and James borrow a Barrett .50 cal to dispatch three attackers, while Eldridge kills a fourth. During a raid on a warehouse, James discovers the body of a young boy, which has been surgically implanted with an unexploded bomb. James believes it to be "Beckham" , a young Iraqi counterfeit DVD seller he had previously befriended. During evacuation, Lieutenant Colonel John Cambridge , the camp\'s psychiatrist and a friend of Eldridge, is killed in an explosion. Eldridge blames himself for the Colonel\'s death. Later, James leaves the military compound seeking revenge for Beckham and breaks into the house of an Iraqi professor, but his search reveals nothing and he leaves. Called to a petrol tanker detonation, James decides on his own to hunt for the insurgents responsible, guessing they are still in the immediate area. Sanborn protests, but when James heads out, he and Eldridge reluctantly follow. After they split up, Eldridge is captured by insurgents. James and Sanborn rescue him but accidentally shoot him in the leg. The following morning, James is approached by Beckham, whom he had believed dead. The young boy tries to play soccer with James and sell more DVDs to him, but the soldier walks by without saying a word. Before being airlifted for surgery elsewhere, Eldridge angrily blames James for his injury. James and Sanborn\'s unit is called to another mission in their last two days of their rotation. An innocent Iraqi civilian man has had a bomb vest strapped to his chest. James tries to cut off the locks to remove the vest, but there are too many to undo in the time available. He has to abandon the man, who is killed when the bomb detonates. Sanborn is left distraught by the man\'s death; he confesses to James that he can no longer cope with the pressure, and wants to return home and have a son. After Bravo Company\'s rotation ends, James returns home to his wife, Connie , and their infant son. However, he feels agitated by the boredom of routine civilian life with its ordinary tasks of shopping at the supermarket and family dinners. One night, James confesses to his son that there is only one thing that he knows he loves. Shortly thereafter, he starts another tour of duty serving with another EOD unit as they are starting their 365-day rotation.'] ['In 1967, Chris Taylor  has dropped out of college and volunteered for combat duty in Vietnam. Assigned to Bravo Company, near the Cambodian border, he is worn down by the exhausting conditions and his enthusiasm for the war wanes. One night his unit is set upon by a group of North Vietnamese Army  soldiers, who retreat after a brief gunfight. New recruit Gardner is killed while another soldier, Tex, is maimed by friendly fire from a grenade thrown by Sergeant "Red" O\'Neill , with Taylor being mistakenly reprimanded by the ruthless Staff Sergeant Bob Barnes . Taylor eventually gains acceptance from a tight-knit group in his unit who socialize and even use drugs in a cabin clubhouse. He finds a mentor in Sergeant Elias  as well as the elder King . During one patrol, a soldier named Manny is found mutilated and tied to a post while two others, Sal and Sandy, are killed by a booby-trap. As tension mounts, the platoon soon reaches a nearby village where a supply cache is discovered. Taylor finds a disabled young man and an elderly woman hiding in a spider hole. Taylor snaps, screaming and threatening the man but is shocked to see Bunny  then bludgeon him to death. Barnes interrogates the village chief to determine if they have been aiding the Vietcong. Despite the villagers\' adamant denials, Barnes shoots and kills the chief\'s wife due to her persistent arguing. Barnes takes the child of the woman at gunpoint, threatening to shoot her if the villagers do not reveal information. Elias arrives, scolding Barnes and engaging in a scuffle with him over the incident. Platoon commander Lieutenant Wolfe  orders the men to leave with the villagers and burn the village. As they leave, Taylor stops a group of soldiers raping two girls. Upon returning to base, Captain Harris  warns that if he finds out an illegal killing took place, then a court-martial would be ordered, which concerns Barnes as Elias might give a testimony. On their next patrol, the platoon is ambushed and pinned down in a firefight, in which numerous soldiers are wounded. Wolfe calls in an artillery strike on incorrect coordinates, resulting in friendly fire casualties. Elias takes Taylor and Rhah  to intercept flanking enemy troops. Barnes orders the rest of the platoon to retreat, and goes back into the jungle to find Elias\' group. Barnes finds Elias and shoots him, returning to tell the others that Elias was killed by the enemy. After they take off, a wounded Elias emerges from the jungle, running from a group of North Vietnamese soldiers. Taylor glances over at Barnes and reads the apprehension on his face as Elias dies. At the base, Taylor attempts to talk his group into retaliation when a drunken Barnes enters the room and taunts them. Taylor attacks him but is cut near his eye as a result. The platoon is sent back into the combat area to maintain defensive positions. King is sent home and Taylor shares a foxhole with Francis . That night, an NVA assault occurs and the defensive lines are broken. Several soldiers in the platoon including Junior, Bunny and Wolfe, are killed, while O\'Neill barely escapes death by hiding under a dead soldier. To make matters worse, an NVA sapper armed with explosives rushes into battalion HQ, self-detonating and killing everyone inside. Meanwhile, Captain Harris orders his air support to expend all remaining ordnance inside his perimeter. During the chaos, Taylor encounters Barnes, but the wounded sergeant attacks him. Just before Barnes can pummel Taylor, both men are knocked unconscious by an explosion. Taylor regains consciousness the following morning, picks up an enemy Type 56, and finds an injured Barnes, who dares him to pull the trigger. Taylor shoots Barnes, killing him. Taylor then considers suicide with a grenade before reinforcements arrive and find him. Francis, who survived the battle unharmed, deliberately stabs himself in the leg and reminds Taylor that because they have been twice wounded, they can return home to the U.S. O\'Neill, who desperately wants to go home, is told he will remain in duty and replace Barnes. The helicopter flies away and Taylor weeps as he stares down at the death and destruction.'] [' The film begins with a montage of archival film footage narrated by a Dutch woman, Kate ter Horst, describing the state of affairs in September 1944. The Allied advance is being slowed by overextended supply lines. A Dutch family, part of the Dutch resistance underground, observes the German withdrawal toward Germany. The Germans in the Netherlands have few resources in men or equipment and morale is very poor. U.S. General George S. Patton and British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery have competing plans for ending the war quickly, and being the first to get to Berlin. Under political pressure, Supreme Allied Commander Dwight D. Eisenhower chose Montgomery\'s Operation Market Garden. Operation Market Garden envisions 35,000 men being flown 300 miles from air bases in England and being dropped as much as 64 miles behind enemy lines in the Netherlands. The largest airborne assault ever attempted, with Lieutenant-General Frederick Browning saying, "We\'re going to lay a carpet, as it were, of airborne troops"00:11:37,480 frames 93/94 over which armoured divisions of XXX Corps can pass and confidently suggests that "We shall seize the bridges - it\'s all a question of bridges - with thunderclap surprise, and hold them until they can be secured".00:11:41,280 frames 94/95 Two divisions of U.S. paratroopers are responsible for securing the road and bridges as far as Nijmegen. A British division, under Major-General Urquhart is to land near Arnhem, and take and hold the far side of the bridge at Arnhem, backed by Polish paratroopers under General Sosabowski. XXX Corps are to push up the road to Arnhem, as quickly as possible, over the bridges captured by the paratroopers, and reach Arnhem two days after the drop. After the Market Garden command briefing, General Sosabowski voices his deep doubts that the plan can work. American commander General Gavin worries about parachuting in daylight. British commanders brief that they are badly short of transport aircraft and the area near Arnhem is ill-suited for a landing. They will have to land in an open area eight miles  from the bridge. The British officers present at that briefing do not question the orders, but Sosabowski walks up to check the RAF briefing officer\'s uniform insignia and says "Just making sure whose side you\'re on." Later, when General Urquhart briefs his officers, some of them are surprised they are going to attempt a landing so far from the bridge, but they have to make the best of it. General Urquhart tells them that the key for the eight mile distance from the drop zone to the bridge, is the use of gliders to bring in Jeeps. Browning lays out that if any one group fails, the entire operation fails. The consensus among the British top brass is that resistance will consist entirely of "Hitler Youth or old men",00:17:21,120 frames 177/178 but young British intelligence officer, Major Fuller, brings reconnaissance photos to General Browning showing German tanks at Arnhem. Browning dismisses the photos, and also ignores reports from the Dutch underground. Browning does not want to be the one to tell Montgomery of any doubts because many previous airborne operations have been cancelled. Major Fuller\'s concerns are brushed off and he is removed from duty. British officers note that the portable radios are not likely to work for the long distance from the drop zone to the Arnhem Bridge amid the water and trees of the Netherlands. They choose not to rock the boat and do not convey their concerns up the chain of command. At the XXX Corps briefing, the overall plan is outlined by Horrocks, laying out the bridges that will be taken by the paratroopers, held and then secured by ground forces. Speed is the vital factor, as Arnhem must be reached within 2–3 days. It is the crucial bridge, the last means of escape for the German forces in the Netherlands and an excellent route to Germany for Allied forces. The road to Arnhem is only a single highway linking the various key bridges - trucks and tanks have to squeeze to the shoulder to pass. The road is also elevated causing anything moving on the road to stand out.  The airborne drops catch the Germans totally by surprise, and there is little resistance. Most of the men come down safely and assemble quickly, but the Son bridge is blown up by the Germans. Model, thinking that the Allies are trying to capture him, panics and retreats from Arnhem. However, soon after landing, troubles beset Urquhart\'s division. Many of the Jeeps either don\'t arrive by gliders at all or are shot up in an ambush. Their radio sets are also useless, meaning no contact can be made with either paratroopers moving into Arnhem or XXX Corps. Meanwhile, German forces reinforce Nijmegen and Arnhem. XXX Corps\' progress is slowed by German resistance, the narrowness of the highway and the need to construct a Bailey bridge to replace the destroyed bridge at Son. The XXX Corps is able to move onto the Graves bridge without much resistance, but is halted at Nijmegen. There, soldiers of the 82nd Airborne Division perform a dangerous daylight river crossing in flimsy canvas-and-wood assault boats. Ultimately though, the river crossing is successful, and the Nijmegen bridge is captured. The Germans close in on the isolated British paratroopers occupying part of Arnhem at the bridge. Urquhart is separated from his men, and the supply drop zones are overrun by the Germans. German attacks on the paratroopers at the bridge are repelled. British armour continues to fight its way up the corridor, but is delayed by strong German resistance.  After securing Nijmegen Bridge, XXX Corps waits several hours for its infantry forces to finish securing the town. Finally Sosabowski\'s troops enter the battle. They attempt to reinforce the British in Arnhem, but fail. With the Germans fully alert, they gun down several Poles during their drop. They are only able to get a few men across to reinforce the British. After days of house-to-house fighting in Arnhem, with paratroops versus crack SS infantry and panzers, many of the paratroopers are either captured or forced to withdraw, and the city is indiscriminately razed to the ground. The dialogue between Frost and Bittrich\'s adjutant requesting surrender, and getting a reply the paratroopers do not have the facilities to accept German surrender, never took place. Instead Brigadeführer Heinz Harmel, commander of the 10th SS Panzer Division, selected a British prisoner, Sergeant Stanley Halliwell, and sent him into the British perimeter to request that Frost surrender his forces. After arriving, Halliwell explained what Harmel wants; Frost gave Halliwell a message for Harmel to “Go to hell.”, as is portrayed in the film. Halliwell then told Frost, “If it’s all the same to you, Colonel, I’ll stay. Jerry [the Germans] will get the message sooner or later.” - p.356, Arthur Operation Market Garden has failed. Urquhart manages to escape capture with fewer than two thousand of his troops, the remainder are forced to stay behind and give themselves up. Urquhart confronts Browning about his personal feeling about the operation, which was determined to have been 90% successful by a satisfied Montgomery. When asked if he thinks the operations went well, Browning replies "Well, as you know, I always felt we tried to go a bridge too far" .'] ['{{plot}} At a staff meeting in Washington, D.C. in 1941, two officers of the U.S. Army Air Forces  debate the importance of bombardiers to the mission of the Air Force. Major "Chick" Davis ([[Pat O\'Brien  argues that the day is coming when the bombardier, using the top secret "American bombsight",  will be seen as the "spearhead of our striking force." Capt. "Buck" Oliver  belittles the argument and states that his experience from a year of observing the RAF fight the German Luftwaffe proves that getting a plane "so close that a bomb can\'t miss" is the only way to succeed, so that all else must be discarded in a quest for new pilots. Davis challenges Oliver to a "bombing duel" to test their respective points of view. Oliver, using a dive bomber, misses the stationary target with all his bombs, while Davis, bombing from 20,000 feet in a B-17 Flying Fortress, succeeds in hitting his target with his first bomb. Some time later, Oliver recommends that the civilian flying school of a friend, the fictional "Hughes Field" in "Almansor", New Mexico, be leased for the location of the new Bombardier Training School. As the school\'s first class nears graduation, Major Davis arrives, along with his right hand man, M/Sgt. Archie Dixon , to take command. Davis is discomfited by the presence of so many civilian women clerks, including the field\'s former owner, Burton "Burt" Hughes ([[Anne Shirley , the daughter of a respected Air Corps general and now a secretary under terms of the lease. Davis is brusque with Burt and she observes he could use some training in manners. Buck Oliver arrives with the next cadet class, which includes Tom Hughes , Burt\'s brother. Davis is mildly disturbed to learn that Oliver and Burt have a romantic history, and the two friendly rivals continue to butt heads over the importance of bombardiers. Oliver, who heads the group of pilots flying bombers for cadet training, refuses to take them seriously because they will become sergeants upon graduation, not commissioned officers. Davis attempts to make up with Burt, and solicits the War Department to commission the bombardiers. Preflight ground school is intensive and with practice bombing, reveals the shortcomings of many of the cadets. Tom Hughes has trouble with fear-induced air sickness, Joe Connors  with committing to being a bombardier, and "Chito" Rafferty (Richard Martin with the lack of women with whom to socialize. Cadet Pete Jordan is not up to the complexity of the training and soon washes out. Connors reveals to Davis that his problem is the result of an attempt by a spy to buy information from him about the bombsight, and helps Davis lure the spy into a trap where he is arrested. Cadet Paul Harris, brilliant in ground school and a hero for saving his bomber from destruction when a flare goes awry, is conscience stricken that his mother thinks he will be a murderer of innocent civilians. When a bomber develops mechanical problems and the crew is ordered to bail out, Tom Hughes panics in fear and refuses to jump. His friend , Cadet Jim Carter ([[Walter Reed , crash lands the plane, claiming that he is the one who panicked, but Hughes confesses afterward. Facing an elimination board, he successfully persuades Davis to recommend he be given a second chance. On a subsequent flight, Buck Oliver passes out from anoxia, nearly tossing Carter out of the opened bomb bay without a parachute. Tom Hughes falls to his death saving Carter\'s life. Oliver is subjected to a board of investigation but exonerated because his actions resulted from the failure of his oxygen equipment. Guilt-stricken and unable to face Burt, Oliver transfers out of the school. Shortly after, America is drawn into the war by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Davis, promoted to colonel, becomes a B-17 group commander, and awkwardly proposes marriage to Burt. She stifles the proposal by telling Davis that he reminds her of her father. The group  leaves for a secret island base in the Pacific, and Burt passionately kisses Jim Carter goodbye, revealing her choice. At the base, Buck Oliver, now a major, joins the group just as it is about to fly a secret night mission to bomb an aircraft factory in Nagoya, Japan. Oliver\'s assignment is bomb with incendiaries to set the target on fire a half hour before the arrival of the group, which Davis will lead at high altitude. Joe Connors is Oliver\'s bombardier and Sgt. Dixon his tailgunner. Flying low, Oliver\'s plane is shot down before he can drop his bombs, and Connors remains at his post, sacrificing his life, to destroy the bombsight, thus fulfilling an oath he took upon entry into Bombardier School. Oliver and the remainder of his crew, including Dixon, are captured. Their Japanese captors execute the other crew members to coerce Oliver and Dixon into revealing the location of their base, but Dixon overwhelms his guard and attempts to escape. The stretchers used to carry the dead Americans are stamped USA Earthquake Relief 1923. He is machine gunned in the attempt, but the shots also set fire to a truck carrying barrels of gasoline. Oliver drives the burning truck throughout the factory, setting fire to its camouflage netting and fulfills his mission, knowing he will be killed by his own planes. The B-17 group fights off Japanese fighters, is riddled by flak, but overcomes the reluctance of the bombardiers to bomb their compatriots and successfully destroys the target.'] ["On Christmas Eve, the submarine USS Copperfin, under the command of Captain Cassidy , departs San Francisco on a secret mission. At sea, Cassidy opens his sealed orders, which direct him to proceed first to the Aleutian Islands to pick up meteorologist Raymond , then to Tokyo Bay to obtain vital weather intelligence for the upcoming Doolittle Raid. Two Japanese planes attack; both are shot down, but one pilot manages to parachute into the water. When Mike  goes to pick him up, he is stabbed to death. New recruit Tommy Adams ([[Robert Hutton  shoots the pilot, but because he was slow to react, Tommy blames himself for Mike's death and volunteers to defuse an unexploded bomb stuck under the deck. When Mike is buried at sea, Greek-American Tin Can  does not attend the service, which angers the other men until he explains that every Allied death causes him great pain. Meanwhile Raymond, who lived in Japan, discusses how the Japanese people were led into the war by the military faction. He hopes after victory Japanese children will be raised in peace. As the submarine nears Tokyo Bay, the Copperfin has to somehow negotiate its way through protective minefields. When a Japanese ship enters the bay, Cassidy follows in their wake. That night, a small party goes ashore to make weather observations. Meanwhile, Tommy is diagnosed with appendicitis. Pills, the pharmacist, has to operate following instructions from a book, using improvised instruments.  Raymond broadcasts the information in Japanese in an attempt to avoid detection, but the Japanese are alerted and search the bay. Fortunately, the Copperfin remains undetected, allowing the men to watch part of the raid through the periscope. After recovering Raymond and his team, the submarine then slips out following an exiting ship.  Later, the Copperfin sinks an aircraft carrier and is badly damaged by its escorts. In desperation, Cassidy attacks, sending a destroyer to the bottom and enabling the crew to return safely to San Francisco."] ["In May 1950, Major Matt Brady is redeployed to Pusan, South Korea. His mission there is to train South Korean pilots in the defensive struggle. Also, there are air support exercises in case of the need to evacuate the Americans. Colonel Schuller sends Brady and Captain MacIntyre to the airbase in Kungju. The American instructors only have 25 days left to introduce the South Korean pilots to US tactics. At the base, Brady meets Donna Cottrell, a former fiancé of his. Donna's husband, Red Cross physician Dr. Stephen Cottrell, is said to have been killed in action. When Donna finds out that he is actually alive - he had been captured, but was able to escape - she returns to him. She tells Matt, that Stephen cannot work as a surgeon any more, as his hands were badly injured during enemy torture. She is intent to do the right thing, but she feels torn apart between the two men. The training of the South Korean pilots makes progress, which is carefully noticed by Dixon, a reporter. Captain Veddors tells him, that Matt does not fly any more because he had caused a deadly crash with a test pilot. Matt receives an encrypted message announcing a serious enemy attack. MacIntyre informs Matt, that Lieutenant Kim-Sun is not able to fly due to the illness of his sister. But Matt needs every man, Kim-Sun dies in the crash of his plane. As a consequence, the pilots raise grave reproaches against Matt. MacIntyre suspects, that Kim-Sun's plane has been sabotaged. Colonel Schuller orders the evacuation of all Americans and gives Matt the order, to release the South Korean pilots into active service. Stephen stays behind in Kungju to carry on his work, Donna leaves the base in a convoy. The convoy is attacked by two tanks. Colonel Conners cautions Matt, that air support for the convoy is out of the question. But by sanction of the UN, intervention by US infantrymen was possible.Matt stays behind on the base with Veddors and MacIntyre. Soon the news of the invasion of South Korea arrive. Captain Warnowski and his infantry battailon reach Kungju. Of originally 400 men, only 30 remain, due to heavy tank assaults. The infantrymen found wounded Captain Wyler and picked him up. Wyler had been driving the truck Donna was on. Before he dies, he can tell Matt about Donna's successful escape. As the attacks increase in gravity, North Korean airplanes damage the airfield. Matt and Warnowski agree to retreat. South Koreans identify an old woman as a spy, who has been transmitting information about the base to the enemy by radio and execute her. Matt and his remaining troop come under heavy fire. Matt's arm is wounded, Veddors is killed. In the villange of Chungtu, they reach a Red Cross hospital, and soon Donna arrives there, too. There she hears, that Stephen was killed during the fighting. The enemy tanks thrust forward and force the survivors to retreat further. Only as US planes attack and stop the tanks, Matt, Donna and the rest of the convoy can escape."] ["Wedge Donovan  is a tough construction boss, building airstrips in the Pacific for the U.S. Navy during World War II. He clashes with his liaison officer, Lieutenant Commander Robert Yarrow , over the fact that his men are not allowed to arm themselves against the Japanese. When the enemy lands in force on the island, he finally takes matters into his own hands, leading his men into the fray. This prevents Yarrow from springing a carefully devised trap that would have wiped out the invaders in a murderous machinegun crossfire, with minimal American losses. Instead, many of Donovan's men are killed unnecessarily. As a result of this tragedy, Yarrow finally convinces the US Navy to form Construction Battalions  with Donovan's assistance, despite their mutual romantic interest in war correspondent Constance Chesley Susan Hayward. Donovan and many of his men enlist and receive formal military training. The two men are teamed together on yet another island. The Japanese launch a major attack, which the Seabees barely manage to hold off, sometimes using heavy construction machinery such as bulldozers and a clamshell bucket. When word reaches Donovan of another approaching enemy column, there are no sailors left to oppose this new threat. In desperation, he rigs a bulldozer with explosives on its blade, intending to ram it into a petroleum storage tank. The plan works, sending a cascade of burning liquid into the path of the Japanese, who retreat in panic, right into the sights of waiting machine guns."] ['In 1967, during the Vietnam War, a group of new U.S. Marine Corps recruits arrives at Parris Island for basic training. After having their heads shaved, they meet their Senior Drill Instructor, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman . Hartman employs draconian tactics to turn the recruits into hardened Marines prepared for combat. Among the recruits are Privates "Joker" , "Cowboy" , and the overweight, bumbling Leonard Lawrence , who earns the nickname "Gomer Pyle" after attracting Hartman\'s wrath. Unresponsive to Hartman\'s discipline, Pyle is eventually paired with Joker. Pyle improves with Joker\'s help, but his progress halts when Hartman discovers a contraband jelly doughnut in Pyle\'s foot locker. Believing that the recruits have failed to improve Pyle, Hartman adopts a collective punishment policy: every mistake Pyle makes will earn punishment for the rest of the platoon, with Pyle being spared. In retaliation, the platoon hazes Pyle with a blanket party, restraining him to his bunk and beating him with bars of soap wrapped in towels. After this incident, Pyle becomes a model Marine. This impresses Hartman, but worries Joker, who recognizes signs of mental breakdown in Pyle, such as talking to his M14 rifle. Following their graduation the recruits receive their Military Occupational Specialty assignments; Joker is assigned to Basic Military Journalism. During the platoon\'s final night on Parris Island, Joker discovers Pyle in the bathroom loading his rifle with ammunition. Joker attempts to calm Pyle, who executes drill commands and recites the Rifleman\'s Creed. The noise awakens the platoon and Hartman. Hartman confronts Pyle and orders him to surrender the rifle. Pyle kills Hartman, and then commits suicide. In January 1968, Joker, now a Sergeant, is a Marine War correspondent in Vietnam for Stars and Stripes with Private First Class Rafterman , a combat photographer. Rafterman wants to go into combat, as Joker claims he has done. At the Marine base, Joker is mocked for his lack of the thousand-yard stare, indicating his lack of war experience. They are interrupted by the start of the Tet Offensive as the North Vietnamese Army attempts to overrun the base. The following day, the journalism staff is briefed about enemy attacks throughout South Vietnam. Joker is sent to Phu Bai, accompanied by Rafterman. They meet the Lusthog Squad, where Cowboy is now a Sergeant. Joker accompanies the squad during the Battle of Huế, where platoon commander "Touchdown"  is killed by the enemy. After the area is declared secure by the Marines, a team of American news journalists and reporters enter Huế and interview various Marines about their experiences in Vietnam and their opinions about the war. During patrol, Crazy Earl , the squad leader, is killed by a booby trap, leaving Cowboy in command. The squad becomes lost and Cowboy orders Eightball  to scout the area. A Viet Cong sniper wounds Eightball and the squad medic, Doc Jay , attempts to save him against orders, being wounded himself. Cowboy learns that tank support is not available and orders the team to prepare for withdrawal. The squad\'s machine gunner, Animal Mother  disobeys Cowboy and attempts to save his teammates. He discovers there is only one sniper, but Doc Jay and Eightball are killed when Doc attempts to indicate the sniper\'s location. While maneuvering towards the sniper, Cowboy is shot and killed. Animal Mother assumes command of the squad and leads an attack on the sniper. Joker discovers the sniper, a teenage girl, and attempts to shoot her, but his rifle jams and alerts her to his presence. Rafterman shoots the sniper, mortally wounding her. As the squad converge, the sniper begs for death, prompting an argument about whether or not to kill her. Animal Mother decides to allow a mercy killing only if Joker performs it. After some hesitation, Joker shoots her. The Marines congratulate him on his kill as Joker stares into the distance, displaying the thousand-yard stare. The Marines march toward their camp, singing the Mickey Mouse March. Joker states that despite being "in a world of shit," he is glad to be alive and no longer afraid.'] ['At Fort Bragg, cynical newspaper reporter George Beckworth  is at a Special Forces briefing about the American military involvement in the war in Vietnam. The briefing  includes a demonstration and explanation of the whys and wherefores of participating in that Asian war. The film\'s first scene illustrates that contention when Green Beret tour guides at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, show civilian visitors to the U.S. Infantry School the Soviet- and Chinese-made weapons issued to the soldiers and guerillas of the communist NVA and VC. Skeptical civilians and journalists are told that multinational Communism is what the U.S. will be fighting in Vietnam; proof: weapons and equipment, captured from North Vietnamese soldiers and Viet Cong guerrillas, originating in the Soviet Union, Communist Czechoslovakia, and Communist China. Despite that, Beckworth remains skeptical about the value of intervening in Vietnam\'s civil war. When asked by Green Beret Colonel Mike Kirby  if he had ever been to Southeast Asia, reporter Beckworth replies that he had not, prompting a discourteous acknowledgement of his opinion. Realizing his ignorance, Beckworth decides to go in-country to report on what he finds there so he may better his argument that America needs to stop participating in this unwinnable war.. Colonel Kirby is posted to South Vietnam with two handpicked A-Teams of Special Forces troopers. One A-Team is to replace a team at a basecamp working with South Vietnamese and Montagnard soldiers while the other A-Team is to form a counter guerilla Mike force. While selecting his teams, Kirby intercepts a Spc. Petersen  from another unit who is scrounging supplies from Kirby\'s supply depot. Realizing Petersen\'s skills, Kirby promotes him and brings him onto his SF team. Arriving In South Vietnam, they meet Beckworth whom Kirby allows to join them at the basecamp where he witnesses the humanitarian aspect  of the Special Forces mission. Still, he remains skeptical of the U.S.\'s need to be there. He changes his mind after a ferocious North Vietnamese Army attack upon the SF camp, admitting he probably will be fired from the newspaper for filing a story supporting the American war. During this period, Petersen befriends a young native boy named Hamchuck, a war orphan who has no family other than his dog and the soldiers at the basecamp. As the battle rages, the dog is killed and the boy tearfully buries his faithful companion. Symbolically, the boy uses the stick he had used to dig the dog\'s grave as the tombstone. As the soldiers rush to their defensive positions, the stick is knocked away, leaving an unmarked grave. After that battle, Beckworth temporarily disappears from the story, while Col. Mike Kirby leads a team of Green Berets, Montagnards , and ARVN soldiers on a top-secret kidnap mission capturing a very important NVA field commander, who lives, eats, and drinks very well, in a guarded mansion, while the common people go hungry, cold, and naked. Kirby\'s ARVN counterpart Colonel Cai uses his sister-in-law as a honey trap bait for the General. The raid is successful with the captured General airlifted out of the area by a Skyhook device but at a high cost to the patrol - many of the men are killed and left behind, including Petersen. Near the end of the story, Beckworth watches as Hamchuck awaits the return of the helicopters carrying the survivors of the raid. He realizes the toll of the war as Hamchuck runs crying from helicopter to helicopter, searching for Petersen. Kirby, in a touching moment, walks over to the boy and tells him the sad news. Hamchuck asks plaintively, "what will happen to me now?" Kirby places Petersen\'s green beret on him and says, "You let me worry about that, Green Beret. You\'re what this thing\'s all about." The two walk holding hands along the beach into the sunset.'] 