["Ned Kynaston  is one of the leading actors of his day, famed for his portrayal of female characters, particularly Desdemona in Othello. His loyal dresser, Maria , longs to perform on stage but is forbidden to do so by a law enacted by the Puritans prior to the return of the House of Stuart to the throne. She fulfills her desire by appearing in plays presented in a local tavern under the name Margaret Hughes. Word of her performances spread and the novelty of a woman on stage draws the attention of Sir Charles Sedley , who offers to be her patron, and eventually the attention of King Charles II  himself. Kynaston's rant against allowing women on stage is overheard by Nell Gwynn , an aspiring actress and Charles II's mistress, and she literally seduces Charles into banning men from playing female roles. As a result, Kynaston loses his lover, George Villiers , the Duke of Buckingham, and the acceptance of London society. Unable to shake the feminine characteristics he has perfected over the years, he is reduced to performing bawdy songs in drag in music halls, while Maria's career thrives, though her abilities leave much to be desired, as she bases everything she does on Kynaston's performances. When Maria is called upon to portray Desdemona for the king, she panics and implores Kynaston to coach her. Not only does he agree, but he insists on replacing company head Thomas Betterton in the role of the titular protagonist. In doing so, he discovers his ability to portray a male character, while Maria evolves from an actress of middling talent to an acclaimed theatrical star."] ["The primary characters are earnest aspiring novelist Adam Fenwick-Symes and his fiancée Nina Blount. When Adam's novel Bright Young Things, commissioned by tabloid newspaper magnate Lord Monomark, is confiscated by customs agents at the port of Dover for being too racy, he finds himself in a precarious financial situation that may force him to postpone his marriage. In the lounge of the hotel where he lives, he wins £1000 by successfully performing a trick involving sleight of hand, and the Major offers to place the money on the decidedly ill-favored Indian Runner in an upcoming horserace. Anxious to wed Nina, Adam agrees, and the horse wins at odds of 33-1, but it takes him more than a decade to collect his winnings. Meanwhile, Adam and Nina are surrounded by a young and decadent crowd, whose lives are dedicated to wild parties, alcohol, cocaine, and the latest gossip reported by columnist Simon Balcairn, known to his readers as Mr. Chatterbox. Among them are eccentric Agatha Runcible, whose wild ways eventually lead her to being committed in a mental institution; Miles, who is forced to flee the country to avoid prosecution for his homosexuality; Sneath, a paparazzo who chronicles the wicked ways of the young and reckless; and Ginger Littlejohn, Nina's former beau, who ingratiates himself back into her life, much to Adam's dismay. The pastimes of the idle rich are disrupted with the onset of World War II, which eventually affects their lives in often devastating ways."] ['Attorney Harold Fine  is set to marry his longtime girlfriend Joyce, but is having deep second thoughts. He encounters his brother, a hippie living in Venice Beach, and falls for an attractive flower power hippie girl  who has a knack for making pot brownies. Harold ends up running out of his wedding to live with the hippie girl and attempts to find himself as well with the aid of a guru.'] ['David "Dave" Whiteman  and his wife, Barbara, played by Bette Midler, portray a couple whose 20-year marriage is unfulfilling. Dave is having an affair with their live-in maid, played by Elizabeth Peña, while Barbara tries to relieve the anxiety she constantly feels by experimenting with various New Age therapies.'] ['Dr. R.J.  Stevens  is a talk show sensation who has shirked his simple Southern past and the awkward boy he used to be to dispense "You can do it" advice to millions of adoring fans. With reality TV series Survivor winner Bianca Kittles  on his arm and loads of cash in his pocket , there’s nothing he feels he hasn’t achieved. When his parents request that he come home for their 50th wedding anniversary, R.J. packs up his 10-year-old son Jamal  and his fiancée Bianca and heads back to his sleepy Southern hometown. Ready to impress his down home kin with how much he’s changed, RJ will prove he’s not the walking disaster they used to pick on. When they arrive in Georgia, he is first greeted by his cousin Reggie . Roscoe heads to his family\'s home, greeted by his parents, Roscoe Sr. and Mama Jenkins, his brother Otis , the sheriff, his wife Ruthie  and their overgrown kids Junior and Kelly. Next up is Roscoe\'s sister, Betty , who is a little too loud and rowdy. Roscoe\'s cousin, Clyde , visits the family as well, and the two remain competitive as they did years before. Traveling with Clyde is Lucinda , Roscoe\'s love interest from his past. While staying with his family, Roscoe endures a lot of self-humiliation . On the day of his parent\'s anniversary, the whole family gathers for the traditional obstacle course of the Jenkins family. Roscoe is determined to win against Clyde, and the two become even more competitive. While climbing over a wall with ropes, Roscoe begins to help his son over, but Bianca tells him to leave him, and he does . Roscoe and Clyde race to the finish line, and Roscoe comes out the victor. Bianca cheers for him, but the rest of his family has become very upset with him. Jamal refuses to go near his father, and Roscoe Sr. chastises his son for his actions. Roscoe tells his father that even though Clyde\'s father died, he  felt he lost his father as well, because he felt that his father favored Clyde over him. This hurts his father\'s feelings. As his father walks away, Clyde walks up to Roscoe and tells him that he would never have tried to take his place. He tries to shake Roscoe\'s hand to make amends, but Bianca tells Clyde to back off. Roscoe decides to leave for home. Before leaving, his mother reminds him that his family still loves him. As they are driving to the airport, Bianca suggests to him that he shouldn\'t invite his family to their wedding, to which he seemingly agrees. This upsets Jamal, who, despite that Bianca wanting him to get on board "Team of me", proudly says that he\'s a Jenkins. Roscoe begins to agree with Bianca, who continues to say mean things about his family. As they pull into the airport, Roscoe dumps Bianca ,and thanks her for finally letting him see her true colors. Bianca angrily gets out of the car, feeling humiliated by Roscoe and Jamal. As they pull away from the airport, he pulls the rope holding her bags on top of the car, dumping them into the airport driveway. Roscoe and Jamal, along with Bianca\'s pet Pomeranian who turned against her owner and joined the Jenkins, head back to the family home. During the anniversary celebration, Clyde cries during his speech for Mama and Papa Jenkins, admitting that he cared a lot about Roscoe. Roscoe suddenly appears, apologizes to his family, and congratulates his parents\' 50th anniversary. Both he and his father make amends with each other, and then Roscoe goes over to Lucinda and asks her for a dance. After the celebration, the family watches the anniversary on a hi-def television, while Roscoe and Lucinda make love with each other,but find a nasty surprise. During the credits, Roscoe is seen interviewing his family on his show, renamed The Roscoe Jenkins Show interviewing the Jenkins clan.'] ['Set in any-college U.S.A., centering on Jake, an embittered ex-high school American football star who is coerced into pledging the "coolest" fraternity on campus. Jake does so in order to protect Gil, his somewhat nerdy, but Greek-obsessed cousin. As the semester progresses, Jake struggles to maintain his grades as well as his affair with Paige, a beautiful sophomore who hates all fraternities. Through naked scavenger hunts, sorority ass-signings, all-night beer fests, keg parties, sorority swapping, and other creative pledge activities, Jake discovers that he\'s actually beginning to enjoy himself. But when some of the frat brothers step up their attempts to force Gil into quitting the house, both his scholarship and his relationship with Paige are threatened. Jake must swallow his pride and turn to his fellow pledges for help into seeing the big-hearted Gil through to the end, or risk losing everything. Jake quickly learns that no man is an island, and that the friends we make in college are friends for life.'] ['The film tells the story of Boyd , an American with an uncanny ability to speak Japanese. Boyd aspires to succeed in the world of Japanese business but finds himself mostly on the outside looking in. Meanwhile, his roommate Jerome , is a Japanese American who has always felt too American to be Japanese but too Japanese to be American. He aspires to be a sumo wrestler but finds his weight and blood pressure are thwarting his dreams. Together they struggle to find their place in a world where cultural identity is seldom what it seems.'] ['Tom and Gerry Jeffers  are a married couple in New York City who are down on their luck financially, which is pushing the marriage to an end. But there is another, deeper problem with their relationship, one that is hinted at in the prologue of the movie as the opening credits roll and then explained near the movie\'s end. In the prologue Claudette Colbert appears bound and gagged in a closet, but then a second later in a wedding dress, seen by a maid who faints at every disturbance. The movie reveals much later that Colbert is playing identical twins, both of whom are in love with the intended groom played by Joel McCrea. The sister of the bride has just tied her up in an attempt to steal the wedding for herself. The pantomime is cross-cut with action showing McCrea hurriedly changing from one formal suit to another in the car as he rushes to the church. McCrea also is playing twins and the sibling is likewise in love with the tied up sister. He too is trying to steal the wedding. The end result is that the two siblings, not the original bride or groom, are married, and those two were not in love with each other. The two remain married from 1937 until 1942 where the film resumes. Gerry decides that Tom would be better off if they split up. She packs her bags; takes some money offered to her the Wienie King ([[Robert Dudley , a strange but rich little man who is thinking of renting the Jeffers\' apartment; and boards a train for Palm Beach, Florida. There she plans to get a divorce and meet a wealthy second husband who can help Tom. On the train, she meets the eccentric John D. Hackensacker III , one of the richest men in the world.  Because of an encounter with the wild and drunken millionaire members of the Ale and Quail hunting club, Gerry loses all her luggage; after making do with clothing scrounged from other passengers, she is forced to accept Hackensacker\'s extravagant charity. They leave the train and go on a shopping spree for everything from lingerie to jewelry &ndash; Hackensacker minutely noting the cost of everything in a little notebook, which he never bothers to add up &ndash; and make the remainder of the trip to Palm Beach on Hackensacker\'s yacht named The Erl King. Tom follows Gerry to Palm Beach by air, also with the impromptu financial assistance of the Wienie King. When Tom meets Hackensacker, Gerry introduces him as her brother, Captain McGlue. Soon, Hackensacker falls for Gerry, while his often-married, man-hungry sister, Princess Centimillia , chases Tom, although her last lover, Toto , is still following her around. To help further his suit with Gerry, Hackensacker agrees to invest in Tom\'s scheme to build an airport suspended over a city by wires. Tom finally persuades Gerry to give their marriage another chance, and they confess their masquerade to their disappointed suitors. Even though he is disappointed, Hackensacker intends to go through with his investment in the suspended airport, since he thinks it is a good business deal and he never lets anything get in the way of business. Then, when Tom and Gerry reveal that they met because they are both identical twins &ndash; a fact which explains the opening sequence of the film &ndash; Hackensacker and his sister are elated. The final scene shows Hackensacker and Gerry\'s sister, and the Princess and Tom\'s brother, getting married. The film ends where it began after the prologue, with the words "And they lived happily ever after...or did they?" on title cards.'] ["The film is set in 1890s Paris. Henri Danglard is the owner of a cafe, which features his mistress, Lola, as a belly dancer. Losing money, Henri finds himself in Montmartre and seeing a pretty girl  at a dance hall there, has an idea: to revive an out of fashion dance, the cancan. He sells his theater to pay for debts and, receiving backing from a patron, essentially in exchange for Lola, purchases a property that will become the Moulin Rouge. Meanwhile, he hires Nini away from her mother and her mother's laundry business."] ["Bob Harris , an aging American movie star, arrives in Tokyo to film an advertisement for Suntory whisky, for which he will receive $2 million. Charlotte , a young college graduate, is left behind in her hotel room by her husband, John , a celebrity photographer on assignment in Tokyo. Charlotte is unsure of her future with him, as she believes he takes more interest in his celebrity models, most notably a young and popular American actress named Kelly , than he does in her. At the same time, Bob's own 25-year marriage is tired and lacking in romance as he goes through a midlife crisis. One night, after a long photo shoot, Bob retreats to the hotel bar. Charlotte, sitting at a table with John and friends, notices Bob and has a waiter bring him a bowl of peanuts from her table. Later, Bob and Charlotte have brief encounters each night at the hotel bar, until Charlotte invites Bob to meet up with some local friends of hers. Bob accepts and arrives later at her hotel room dressed in clothes that appear to be designed for a younger generation. Meanwhile, the two begin a friendship and bond through their adventures in Tokyo together while experiencing the differences between Japanese and American culture, and between their own generations. On the penultimate night of his stay, Bob attracts the attention of the resident vocalist. The next morning, Bob awakens to find the woman in his room, having apparently slept with her. Charlotte arrives at his room to go out for breakfast only to find the woman in his room, leading to conflict and tension over a subsequent lunch. Later that night, during a fire alarm at the hotel, Bob and Charlotte reconcile and express how they will miss each other as they make one more trip back to the hotel bar. On the following morning, Bob is set for his departure back to the United States. He tells Charlotte goodbye at the hotel lobby shortly before checking out and sadly watches her retreat back to an elevator. While riding in a limousine to the airport, Bob sees Charlotte on a crowded street and he gets out and goes to her. Bob embraces Charlotte and whispers something  in the tearful Charlotte's ear. The two share a kiss, say goodbye and Bob departs."] ["Gwyn Marcus  has always wanted a marriage like her parents. She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt , but she has some misgivings about their future together. Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having. With her sister Leslie  getting married and her brother Jordan  already married, her mother  is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last single person in the family. But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family"] ['Professor Grady Tripp  is a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university . He is having an affair with the university chancellor, Sara Gaskell , whose husband, Walter ([[Richard Thomas , is the chairman of the English department in which Grady is a professor. Grady\'s third wife, Emily, has just left him, and he has failed to repeat the grand success of his first novel, published years earlier. He continues to labor on a second novel, but the more he tries to finish it the less able he finds himself to invent a satisfactory ending - the book runs to over two and a half thousand pages and is still far from finished. He spends his free time smoking marijuana. His students include James Leer  and Hannah Green . Hannah and James are friends and both very good writers. Hannah, who rents a room in Tripp\'s large house, is attracted to Tripp, but he does not reciprocate. James is enigmatic, quiet, dark and enjoys writing fiction more than he first lets on. During a party at the Gaskells\' house, Sara reveals to Grady that she is pregnant with his child. Grady finds James standing outside holding what he claims to be a replica gun, won by his mother at a fairground during her schooldays. However, the gun turns out to be very real, as James shoots the Gaskells\' dog when he finds it attacking Grady. James also steals a very valuable piece of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia from the house. Grady is unable to tell Sara of this incident as she is pressuring him to choose between her and Emily. As a result, Grady is forced to keep the dead dog in the trunk of his car for most of the weekend. He also allows James to follow him around, fearing that he may be depressed or even suicidal. Gradually he realizes that much of what James tells him about himself and his life is untrue, and is seemingly designed to elicit Grady\'s sympathy. Meanwhile, Grady\'s editor, Terry Crabtree , has flown into town on the pretense of attending the university\'s annual WordFest, a literary event for aspiring authors. In reality, Crabtree is there to see if Tripp has written anything worth publishing, as both men\'s careers depend on Grady\'s upcoming book. Terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight, called Antonia Sloviak . The pair apparently become intimate in a bedroom at the Gaskells\' party, but immediately afterwards Terry meets, and becomes infatuated with, James when Sloviak is unceremoniously sent home. After a night on the town, Crabtree and James semi-consciously flirt throughout the night, which eventually leads up to the two spending an intimate night together in one of Grady\'s spare rooms. Tired and confused, Grady phones Walter and reveals to him that he is in love with Walter\'s wife. Meanwhile, Walter has also made the connection between the disappearance of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia and James. The following morning the Pittsburgh Police arrive with Sara to escort James to the Chancellor\'s office to discuss the ramifications of his actions. The memorabilia is still in Grady\'s car, which has conspicuously gone missing. This car had been given to him by a friend as payment for a loan, and over the weekend Grady has come to suspect that the car was stolen. Over the course of his travel around town, Grady has been repeatedly accosted by a man claiming to be the car\'s real owner. He eventually tracks the car down, but in a dispute over its ownership the majority of his manuscript blows out of the car and is lost. The car\'s owner gives him a ride to the university with his wife, Oola, in the passenger seat, with the stolen memorabilia. Grady finally sees that making things right involves having to make difficult choices. Grady tells Oola the story behind the memorabilia and allows her to leave with it. Worried that Grady\'s choice comes at the expense of damaging James\' future, Crabtree convinces Walter not to press charges by agreeing to publish his book, "a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe and its function in American mythopoetics", tentatively titled The Last American Marriage. The film ends with Grady recounting the eventual fate of the main characters - Hannah graduates and becomes a magazine editor; James wasn\'t expelled, but drops out and moves to New York with Crabtree to rework his novel for publication; and Crabtree himself "goes right on being Crabtree." Grady finishes typing his new novel , then watches Sara and their child arriving home before turning back to the computer and clicking "Save."'] ['Jed Clampett , a hillsman of humble station, accidentally discovers oil on his land while shooting at a rabbit. Ozark Mountain Oil, interested in purchasing his land, offers him $1 billion for the property. Unsure of what to do, Jed consults his sister, Pearl Bodine , during a family dinner. Pearl suggests a change of scenery for Jed\'s daughter, Elly May , would be a good thing. Having made up his mind and accepted the money, Jed, his daughter, his mother-in-law Granny , and his nephew, Jethro , Pearl\'s son, load up Jethro\'s old, dilapidated truck with their possessions and move to Beverly Hills. Milburn Drysdale , the CEO of the Commerce Bank of Beverly Hills , sends out his secretary/assistant, Miss Jane Hathaway  to meet the Clampetts at their new estate. Miss Jane calls the Beverly Hills Police after the Clampetts arrive, mistaking them for burglars. Upon learning of Miss Jane\'s mistake at the police station, Mr. Drysdale briefly fires her. But seeing that Jed insists that he still wants her to watch over his affairs, Mr. Drysdale rehires her. The Clampetts settle into their new surroundings. Mr. Drysdale pushes his reluctant son, Morgan Drysdale ([[Kevin Connolly , into befriending Elly May, to whom he eventually develops an attraction. Miss Jane is also smitten by Jethro, who seems ignorant of her affections. Jed requests Miss Jane\'s assistance in helping him search for someone who will help change Elly May into a woman. Woodrow Tyler , an employee in Drysdale\'s bank, catches wind of this and contrives a scheme with his con artist girlfriend, Laura Jackson , to steal Jed\'s money by having her marry Jed. She poses as a French etiquette teacher, Laurette Voleur, and asks for work. "Laurette" feigns romantic interest in Jed, which eventually causes him to propose marriage to her. Shortly before the wedding, Granny hears Laura and Tyler talking about the scam. Granny reveals herself to the pair and threatens to expose their scam to Jed. Before she can escape, they capture her, restrain her, and have her institutionalized at the Los Viejos Nursing Home so she cannot contact Jed. At the wedding, Tyler prepares to transfer all of Clampett\'s money in Drysdale\'s bank to a Swiss account on his laptop computer when the couple says "I do". Miss Jane, realizing Granny is missing, goes to the office of Barnaby Jones , and, after learning where Granny is, poses as a nurse and breaks her out. Granny and Miss Jane arrive at the wedding and foil Laura and Tyler\'s plan when Miss Jane grabs a shotgun and blows the laptop to bits. The police arrest Laura and Tyler while Jed decides that, since the wedding was off, they would have "one hellacious shindig."'] ["The film takes place in Sweden around the turn of the twentieth century. Fredrik Egerman is a middle-aged lawyer married to a 19-year-old beauty, Anne. Their two-year marriage is still unconsummated, due to Anne's reticence. Fredrik has a son, Henrik, from his marriage to his late first wife. Henrik is in his early twenties and is studying to be a minister but is currently tormented by his love for his step-mother, who secretly loves him in return. Henrik is distracting himself from his urges by attempting an inconclusive affair with Fredrik's lusty young servant, Petra. Between his two marriages, Fredrik had an affair with a notable stage actress, the beautiful Desiree Armfeldt, but she broke off the relationship. Desiree now has a young son named Fredrik, born shortly after her affair with Fredrik Egerman.  Desiree is now having an affair with a brutal army officer, Count Carl-Magnus Malcolm. The Count's wife, Charlotte, is an old friend of Anne Egerman. Fredrik goes to see Desiree one night to pour out his marital troubles to her and ask for her help. Having fallen into a puddle outside Desiree's house, Fredrik ends up at Desiree's house wearing the Count's nightshirt. The violently jealous Count turns up and threatens Fredrik to leaves. After Fredrik goes, the Count treats Desiree violently, leading her to want to end her affair with the Count. The Count then tells his wife Charlotte about the encounter and orders her to tell Anne Egerman about Fredrik's supposed infidelity . Charlotte ends up confessing to Anne that she loves the Count despite everything and would do anything to be loved in return. To solve these woes, Desiree has her mother invite all the characters to her country house for a summer party. Over the course of one night, all conflicts are resolved. Henrik and Anne, upon unexpectedly finding themselves alone together in a bed, consummate their relationship and elope with the assistance of Petra and her new lover, Frid.  Charlotte then joins Fredrik in the garden pavilion.Learning his wife is with Fredrik, the Count bursts in and challenges Fredrik to a game of Russian roulette. Fredrik lose but the Count had loaded a chamber of the revolver with soot so neither party were ever in danger. The Count reunites with his wife, his feelings for her renewed by his jealousy. Desiree comforts Fredrik, appearing as if they will renew their relationship. The dilemmas of the four pairs of lovers appear to be happily resolved in the course of a night said by Frid to have smiled three smiles upon them all."] ['The film is based on a play, of the same name, set in 1930’s New York and Connecticut. Tom Collier, Leslie Howard, is a book publisher, who has been living in the city with his best friend, Daisy Sage, Ann Harding, without being married. His wealthy Father, Rufus Collier, Henry Stephenson, wants him to live a respectable life. While Daisy is away, with her work, Cecilia, Myrna Loy, convinces Tom to marry her. Although, their lawyer and friend, Owen, Neil Hamilton, is in love with her; he doesn’t have enough financial resources to maintain her interest. Cecilia tries to get Tom to “sell out”, without his realizing it. She talks him into publishing books that will make money, get rid of his old friends, including “Red”, his prize-fighter friend and butler. She wants Tom to sell his publishing company, live in the city, with his Father, as a "proper gentleman", and take their place in society, which Tom has been fighting all his life; but, is all “Cee” cares about. Daisy tries to stay away; but, she and Tom’s Bohemian friends can’t believe he’s happy. She loves him deeply, and wants to have children with him; but, cares most about his well-being. Tom complains that he\'s losing his soul and integrity. Finally, when Cee offers Tom champagne, to toast selling his publishing company and moving in with his Father, Tom realizes that Cee’s bedroom suite reminds him of a brothel he used to go, as he says, "in vino veritas". When Red tells Tom he is going back to the city, that he can’t stomach anymore, Tom agrees, saying, he’s “going back to his wife,” Daisy. As he leaves, he put a little something on the mantle for Cee, just as he used to, with the girls, in the bordello.   The text of the play, from 1932, is available from Gutenberg. The play emphasizes the estrangement between Tom and his Father, who has never visited his son\'s house, before; and, that Owen, his one "respectable gentleman" friend, introduced Cee to Tom.'] ["Elizabeth Halsey  is a gold digging Chicago-area middle school teacher at the fictional John Adams Middle School who curses at her students, drinks heavily, smokes marijuana, and only shows movies while she sleeps through class. She plans to quit teaching and marry her wealthy fiancé, but when he dumps her after realizing she is only after his money, she must resume her job. She tries to win over substitute teacher Scott Delacorte , who is also wealthy. Amy Squirrel , a dedicated but overly enthusiastic teacher and colleague of Elizabeth, also pursues Scott while the school's gym teacher, Russell Gettis , makes advances on Elizabeth, which she rejects. {{cite web}} After learning Scott's ex-girlfriend had large breasts, Elizabeth plans to get surgery to enlarge her breasts, believing she is being overlooked by him. However, she cannot afford the $9,300 procedure. To make matters worse, Scott admits that he has a crush on Amy, only viewing Elizabeth as a friend. Elizabeth attempts to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th grade class car wash in provocative clothing and by manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring, but her efforts are not enough. Amy, acting on the growing resentment between them due to her pursuit of Scott and ignoring of school rules, attempts to warn the principal about Elizabeth's embezzlement scheme, but he dismisses her claims as groundless. Elizabeth later learns that the teacher of the class with the highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus. With this knowledge, Elizabeth decides to change her style of teaching, forcing the class to study intensely for the upcoming test. However, the change is too late and insufficient. The students have low scores on their quizzes, frustrating her even more. Meanwhile, she befriends Russell the gym teacher as Amy and Scott start dating. Elizabeth steals the state test answers by impersonating a journalist and seducing Carl Halabi ([[Thomas Lennon , a state professor who is in charge of creating and distributing the exams. Elizabeth convinces Carl to go into his office to have some sex, but drugs him and steals the test. A month later, Elizabeth wins the bonus and finally completes the money and pays for the appointment to get her breasts enlarged. When Elizabeth learns that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends up with blisters covering her face and cannot go. On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott. They dry hump and Elizabeth secretly calls Amy using Scott's phone leaving a message recording all the action ensuring she knows about the affair. However, Scott's peculiar behavior, which was subtly exposed by Russell when Scott would agree with anything even if it's contradictory, disappoints Elizabeth. Elizabeth later gives advice to one of her students  who has an unrequited crush on a superficial girl  in class, which causes her to reflect on how she has been superficial as well. After hearing Elizabeth and Scott having sex, Amy switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer. The evidence Amy finds leads her to suspect Elizabeth cheated on the state exam. Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her. However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was drugged and uses them to blackmail him to say she is innocent. Having noticed her desk was switched, Elizabeth informs the principal that some teachers in the school are doing drugs. When the police bring a sniffer dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in Elizabeth's desk. Amy is moved to the worst school in the county by the superintendent. Scott asks Elizabeth to start over, but Elizabeth rejects him in favor of a relationship with Russell. When the new school year starts, Elizabeth is kinder to her co-workers, has started a relationship with Russell, and did not get the breast enlargement because she feels that she looks fine the way she is. Elizabeth also has a new position in the school as the new guidance counselor."] ["A little boy on the pier is waiting for his father; while waiting the boy puts on red dance shoes with bows on them and starts to dance around the pier. He is seen by his father and he rushes back and changes shoes quickly, hiding them in a bag before his father comes out disapproving. During the same time in a shoe factory a little boy is being taught of their livelihood as shoemakers and the value of shoes. The boy is uninterested. It then turns to present day where Charlie Price  the young boy now adult from the shoe factory is trying to save the family business. His father has died, leaving the sinking company in his hands. While firing people since the factory is losing funds he fires Lauren  who, before storming out the door, gives him the idea of looking for something to save the factory. Charlie travels to London for ideas, where he sees someone who he thought was a woman getting harassed by drunken hoodlums. Charlie is knocked out and wakes up in a back stage dressing room. In that chance encounter he meets sassy drag queen performer Lola , the alter ego of Simon. Charlie is intrigued by Lola, who points out that shoes are made for women and not for men which is why the heel keeps snapping. Charlie rehires Lauren and they promise to make Lola boots that support a man's weight. While making the boots Charlie sees the possible market of shoes for male transvestites. With the styling eye of Lola, Charlie leads the traditional factory to design and produce shoes for the catwalk in Milan, Italy. However, things go awry as Charlie's girlfriend wants him to sell the company, male employees are unsupportive of the idea, and Charlie is overworking the employees. Still Lola is not afraid to save the day."] ['At Middlebury College in 1969, four friends, Elise Elliot , Brenda Morelli , Annie MacDuggan , and Cynthia Swann , are graduating. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bulgari pearl necklaces. As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them , Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid a Bulgari pearl necklace , and she has her mail letters to them. She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping off the balcony after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil , married his much younger mistress the day before. Her former friends aren\'t doing much better: Brenda is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially. Elise, whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Annie, meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband. Shortly after Cynthia\'s funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie\'s husband, Aaron , leaves her for her younger therapist  and asks her for a divorce after assuming that spending a night together would reconcile them; Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty  and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly , and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill , is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only wanted for the mother of the leading lady. Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letter that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide. After all three read their letter from Cynthia and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes. Annie\'s lesbian daughter Chris  also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father\'s advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information. Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine  who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron\'s partners. However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him. Brenda and Elise hurl vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart. When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and while Bill hasn\'t done anything wrong they can make him think he has. They trick him into thinking that his mistress  is a minor. Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia. The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead". While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt. The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing "You Don\'t Own Me".'] ['The story begins with exposition of the difficult lives of the first generation of male Chinese-American immigrants who were not allowed to bring their wives and families with them into the United States due to the Chinese Exclusion Act. For decades, these immigrant men have not seen their families they had left back in China. Ben  is the son of one these immigrants and has just finished serving in the U.S. Army during World War II. Due to the G.I. Bill,{{Citation needed}} he is allowed to bring a bride back from China which he does after an arranged marriage. Mei Oi , the bride, besides being attracted to Ben also wants to see her father in the U.S., who emigrated to the States before she was born. As one of the first couples of child-bearing age within Chinatown, Ben and Mei Oi have to deal with the expectations of the entire Chinatown community as well as his father . But the pressures on Ben render him impotent, and in her confusion over his seeming lack of interest, Mei Oi succumbs to the attentions of Ah Song . Their affair creates complications not only for their own marriage, but for the reputations of their fathers in the close-knit "bachelor society" of New York\'s Chinatown.'] ['The radio telescope at Parkes, New South Wales, Australia, was used by NASA throughout the Apollo program to receive signals in the Southern Hemisphere, along with the NASA Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station near Canberra. The film tells a somewhat fictionalised story of three Australian scientists/engineers (Neill, Harrington, [[Tom Long  and their American NASA representative . It had been decided quite late in the planning for Apollo 11 to include a television camera to broadcast the first steps on the Moon. Due to the timing of this, Australia would be the prime receiving station. The film tells of the three dealing with a variety of problems, from a power outage wiping their computer memory, to high winds that could cause the whole telescope to collapse. After the 11 crew decide to walk immediately after landing on the Moon, Parkes thinks they have lost their chance to be the prime receiving station. However, due to delays on the Moon and problems with Goldstone they achieve the distinction at the last minute.'] ["{{Expand section}} Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film's heroine, Irma Vep , a burglar, who spends most of the film dressed in a tight, black, latex rubber catsuit, defending her director's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists. As the film progresses, the plot mirrors the disorientation felt by the film's director. Cheung the character is in many ways seen by other characters as an exotic sex object dressed in a latex catsuit; both the director and Cheung's costume designer Zoe  have crushes on her."] ['David and Linda Howard are typical 1980s yuppies in Los Angeles who are fed up with their lifestyle. He works in an advertising agency and she for a department store. But after he fails to receive a promotion he was counting on and is asked to transfer to the firm\'s New York office instead, David angrily insults his boss and is fired. He coaxes his wife to quit her job as well and seek a new adventure. The Howards decide to liquidate their assets and drop out, "like in Easy Rider", heading out to see the country in a Winnebago recreational vehicle. They leave L.A. with "nest egg", but don\'t get very far. The plan goes awry when Linda loses nearly all their cash playing roulette at the Desert Inn Casino in Las Vegas. Out of money and with nowhere to go, the couple ends up in Safford, Arizona. David unsuccessfully applies for a delivery job at a local pharmacy and resorts to an employment agency. Obnoxiously reminded by a counselor about being fired from his high-paying job in advertising, David accepts the best position available—as a crossing guard, taunted by local school kids. Linda, meanwhile, has found employment as the assistant manager at the local Der Wienerschnitzel, working under a kid half her age. She and David are living in a trailer park, almost broke and now accountable to brats. Only a few days after beginning their pursuit of the dream of dropping out of society, they decide that it is better to get back their old lifestyle as soon as possible. They point the Winnebago toward New York, where David begs for his old job back.'] ["The Catholic Jean-Louis, , runs into an old friend, the Marxist Vidal , in Clermont-Ferrand around Christmas. Vidal introduces Jean-Louis to the modestly libertine, recently divorced Maud  and the three engage in conversation on religion, atheism, love, morality and Blaise Pascal's life and writings on philosophy, faith and mathematics. Jean-Louis ends up spending a night at Maud's. Jean-Louis' Catholic views on marriage, fidelity and obligation make his situation a dilemma, as he has already, at the very beginning of the film, proclaimed his love for a young woman whom, however, he has never yet spoken to."] ["Swedish efficiency researchers come to Norway for a study of Norwegian men, to optimize their use of their kitchen. Folke Nilsson  is assigned to study the habits of Isak Bjørvik . By the rules of the research institute, Folke has to sit on an umpire's chair in Isak's kitchen and observe him from there, but never talk to him. Isak stops using his kitchen and observes Folke through a hole in the ceiling instead. However, the two lonely men slowly overcome the initial post-war Norwegian-Swede distrust and become friends."] ["The story is based in Jakarta in Indonesia. It revolves around three main characters, Memey, Andien and Sakti, who struggle to maintain their facade of perfection in front of their arisan friends. An arisan is a meeting fraternity of upscale female socialites in Jakarta who meet regularly to share gossip and draw lots to see who takes home the money they all contribute. The main character is Meimei , an interior designer with a business of her own. Her husband has left her for an actress, and also finds out that she cannot get pregnant. When she finally finds a new love interest, Nino , it turns out that Nino is more interested in her best friend, Sakti . While another friend Andien , is a betrayed wife. Sakti is the gay character who, at the start, is in denial of his homosexual identity, and afraid of what his family and friends will think of him. Then he enters a relationship with another man , and must learn to face new challenges. The relationship between the two was complicated, but they're trying to keep it strong."] ['Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps among owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arrive at the hotel, and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show, as well as post-show. The owners and their dogs include: * Gerry and Cookie Fleck , with their Norwich Terrier Winky - :A middle-class couple from Florida, who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel\'s storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men whom Cookie slept with during her youth. * Meg and Hamilton Swan , with their Weimaraner Beatrice - :An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago, they think they are taking great care of Beatrice , going as far as taking her to a therapist after she sees Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. * Harlan Pepper  and his Bloodhound Hubert - :Pepper\'s family has raised a variety of hounds for generations, and Harlan continues the tradition by raising bloodhounds . * Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot  with their Standard Poodle Rhapsody in White  - :A two-time past winner of the show. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde; the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy. Their relationship is reminiscent of the marriage between Anna Nicole Smith and J. Howard Marshall II. Sherri Ann is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings  makes sure the dog is truly ready for the show, while Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, Sherri Ann and Leslie\'s fake couplehood crumples, while Sherri Ann and Christy\'s romantic involvement becomes apparent. * Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof  and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes - :A campy gay couple, they take great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by dog expert Trevor Beckwith , and oblivious "color" commentator Buck Laughlin . During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie dislocates her knee and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry\'s "two left feet" , ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about terriers but discover to Gerry\'s frustration that the recording engineer is yet another of Cookie\'s ex-boyfriends . Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership  and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs, called American Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca  Hamilton and Meg Swan seem to have given Beatrice away, allowing them to enjoy a calmer, more loving partnership as well as a new dog  that they claim enjoys watching them make love.'] ['Major Thompson  is a crusty, middle-aged English officer, retired and widowed and living in Paris, who tries to adjust to the French way of life. He falls in love with frivolous but alluring Martine , and then marries her. The question is, will their child be raised as a proper Englishman, or a swinging Frenchman?TCM Plot synopsis'] ["Relangi Rajababu is such a 'nice guy' that he files a case against a girl who attempted to rape him, and did not succumb to her, because he wished to remain 'pure' for the woman he marries. After landing a job as an SI, his parents force him to get married because his dowry will be useful for his sister's wedding. No girl wants to marry him now, because they wonder if he is man enough since he rejected a girl like her. He ends up marrying a rich, plump girl Soundarya after his parents and family threaten to commit suicide if he doesn't accept the proposal. Now this 'nice guy' suddenly turns to other women and wants to divorce his fat wife. His attempts to make her grant him a divorce and whether he turns over a new leaf is the rest of the story."] ["When Colin Briggs is placed in an experimental program to finish off his prison sentence, all he wants is peace and quiet. But after his wise, elderly roommate Fergus introduces him to gardening, Colin uncovers a talent and passion for plants. Teaming up with his fellow inmates, Colin gets the attention of celebrated gardener Georgina Woodhouse. Soon, the unexpected gardeners are preparing to compete for the Hampton Court Flower Show. And when Colin meets Georgina's beautiful daughter Primrose, he discovers another reason to fight for his freedom: true love."] ['In the early morning, a yellow taxi pulls up at Tiffany & Co. on Fifth Avenue in New York City and Holly Golightly  emerges. She eats a pastry and drinks coffee while standing outside the shop window, then strolls home. At her apartment building, she fends off her date from the disastrous night before, who has been waiting in his car all night. The next morning, she is awakened by new tenant Paul Varjak  ringing the doorbell. The pair chat as she dresses to leave for her weekly visit to Sally Tomato , a mobster incarcerated at Sing Sing prison. She is paid to pass on coded messages for his drug ring but plays dumb regarding her visits.  As she is leaving for Sing Sing, Holly is introduced to Paul\'s "decorator", wealthy older woman Emily Eustace Failenson , who Paul nicknames "2E". That night, Holly goes out onto the building\'s fire escape to elude an overly eager date. She peeks into Paul\'s apartment and sees 2E leaving money and kissing Paul goodbye. After 2E leaves, Holly enters Paul\'s apartment and learns that he is a writer who has not had anything published in five years since writing a book of vignettes titled Nine Lives. Holly, in turn, explains that she is trying to save money in order to support her brother, Fred, when he gets out of the Army. The pair fall asleep, but are awoken when Holly has a nightmare about Fred and leaves the apartment. She later buys Paul a new typewriter ribbon to apologize and invites him to a party at her apartment. At the party, Paul meets her Hollywood agent, O.J. Berman , who describes Holly\'s transformation from country girl into Manhattan socialite. He is also introduced to José da Silva Pereira , a rich Brazilian, and Rusty Trawler ([[Stanley Adams , a rich American. In the days that follow, Paul and Holly become closer. One day, 2E enters Paul\'s apartment, worried that she is being followed. Paul tells her that he will investigate and eventually confronts the man, who introduces himself as "Doc" Golightly , Holly\'s husband. Doc explains that Holly\'s real name is Lula Mae Barnes, whom he married when she was 14, and that he would like to take her back to Texas. After Paul reunites Holly and Doc, she tells Paul the marriage was annulled and asks him to accompany her and Doc to the bus station. There, she tells Doc she is not returning. He tells her that if she does not return, he will not support Fred on his imminent return from the Army. She still refuses, and tells him she plans for Fred to live with her in New York. Doc leaves brokenhearted. After drinking at a club, Paul and Holly return to her apartment, where she drunkenly tells him that she plans to marry Rusty Trawler for his money. A few days later, Paul learns that one of his short stories has been accepted for publication. On the way to tell Holly, he sees the newspaper at her door, its headline stating that Trawler has married someone else. Holly and Paul agree to spend the day together, taking turns doing things that each has never done before. At Tiffany\'s, Paul has the ring from Doc Golightly\'s box of Cracker Jack engraved as a present for Holly. After spending the night together, he awakens to find that she has returned to her apartment. Soon afterwards, Paul ends his relationship with 2E. Holly schemes to marry José for his money, which angers Paul who has firmly decided on his love for her. After Holly and José return to her apartment to find a telegram notifying her of Fred\'s death, she trashes her apartment in grief, her behavior disturbing José. Months later, Paul has moved out of the building. He is invited to dinner by Holly, who is leaving the next morning for Brazil. However, they are soon arrested by police in connection with Sally\'s drug ring and taken to the 19th precinct. Yunioshi insinuated that they are smoking narcotics when they were arrested. Holly spends the night in jail. The next morning, Holly is released on bail with help from O.J. and finds Paul waiting in a taxi for her outside. He has her cat and a letter from José explaining he must end their relationship due to her arrest. Holly insists she will go to Brazil anyway and releases the cat from the taxi into the rain. Paul confronts Holly about her behavior and leaves the cab, tossing the ring he had engraved for her into her lap and telling her to examine her life. She quickly runs after him and together they find the cat, look into each other\'s eyes and embrace.'] ["Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult. Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and giving him a copy of her memoir in which the text of the letter appears. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris."] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ['Lonnie Earl Dodd is a Little Rock car dealer who stars in his own cheesy television commercials. He and his wife Darlene are best friends with Roy and Candy Kirkendall, who are trying to start a family. When the two couples decide to drive cross-country to see a monster truck rally, Lonnie Earl pulls a new SUV off his lot and the four set off. En route, they stop at an Amarillo, Texas restaurant where Lonnie Earl is determined to win a free dinner by consuming a 72-ounce steak and all the trimmings within an hour. Darlene longs to see the Grand Canyon, but Lonnie Earl insists they stick to their schedule and refuses to fulfill her dream. It becomes increasingly clear Darlene is living timidly in her husband\'s shadow, kowtowing to his demands and accepting his verbal and emotional abuse without complaint. In Reno, a fortune teller tells Candy she is expecting a baby, and she buys several home pregnancy tests to see if she is right. She\'s overjoyed when all the results are positive, but complications arise when Roy calls Doc Tuley for the results of a fertility test he took before leaving home. Roy is sterile, and therefore clearly not the father of Candy\'s child. Darlene notices an uneasy glance between Lonnie Earl and Candy and realizes the two have been having an affair. Devastated, she treats herself to a complete and very expensive makeover and goes to see Tony Orlando perform, determined not to let her insensitive husband rob her of this dream as well. Meanwhile, Roy is in the hotel lounge trying to make headway with Brenda, who unbeknownst to him is a high-class hooker. Eventually the two couples return to their suite, where they engage in loud arguments and fisticuffs. The following day they discover Darlene has found the ultimate way to avenge her husband\'s boorish treatment of her - she has donated the SUV he intended to sell when they returned home to be destroyed by an enormous, fire-breathing Robosaurus during the monster truck rallyDouglas Malewicki\'s actual Robosaurus thrill ride is featured at this point of the filmThe movie trailer on youtube. Minute [1:49] "So what do you say we sacrifice a new car".. In an epilogue we learn Roy and Candy are the parents of three children, the results of the fertility test having been incorrect. Lonnie Earl and a confident Darlene are equal partners in his business, and she has become the star of the still-cheesey ads he continues to make.'] ["The didactic film is built around the ideas of French physician, writer and philosopher Henri Laborit, who plays himself in the film. It uses the stories of three people to illustrate Laborit's theories on evolutionary psychology regarding the relationship of self and society. René  leaves the family farm to become an executive at a French textile firm. Janine  leaves her proletarian family behind to become an actress who becomes involved with Jean , a well-educated bourgeois writer/politician. All three characters face difficult choices in life-changing situations that are designed to illuminate Laborit's ideas."] ['The film begins with an unnamed man arriving by train to Helsinki. After falling asleep in Kaisaniemi park, he is mugged and beaten by hoodlums and is severely injured in the head, losing consciousness. He awakes and wanders back to the train station and collapses in its bathroom. He awakes the second time in a hospital and finds that he has lost his memory. He starts his life from scratch, living in container dwellings, finding clothes with help from the Salvation Army and making friends with the poor.'] ["Bill Harper  plays an American ambassador. After his arrival in a small country that is besieged by civil unrest, he befriends the young boy who is to be the country's king."] ['Dek  proposes to his girlfriend Shirley  on TV. When Jimmy , "the great love of her life" and father of her daughter, sees this, he returns in an attempt to win back her heart. However after deserting his friends in Scotland during an unsuccessful robbery of some clowns, his friends turn against him and come to the Midlands to try to track him down. Though in the end Shirley refuses to go with Jimmy and professes her love for Dek after her daughter Marlene refuses to have anything to do with Jimmy and is only ready to accept Dek as the father figure.'] ['Schultze <ref name/20050310/REVIEWS/50301008/1001 Schultze Gets the Blues] Roger Ebert is a large, recently retired salt-miner living in Teutschenthal . Along with his also laid-off friends Jürgen and Manfred, he finds himself restless with so much spare time. For years, he has played traditional polka music on his accordion, but a series of upheavals in his life inspire an interest in American Zydeco and Cajun music. Though being afraid of travelling to the United States at the beginning he accepts his music club\'s wish to represent it at a German folk music festival in New Braunfels, Texas. But instead of appearing there he chooses to travel in a motor boat around the countryside despite speaking little English, immersing himself in the music and culture of the Bayou. Finally, among his newly found friends he becomes very sick and presumably dies. Back in Teutschenthal a funeral is held for Schultze which turns into a decent and mildly happy celebration of his life: "Herr, lehre uns Bedenken, dass wir alle einmal sterben müssen, auf das wir im Leben klug werden" - "Lord, teach us to understand we all have to die sometime, that we become wiser in our lives" .'] ['J.C. Wiatt  is a driven Manhattan career woman  whose fast-paced lifestyle leaves her with no time for romance or relaxation, though she derives pleasure from her frantic schedule and demanding job. She works as a management consultant and lives with an investment banker  whose job and lifestyle are likewise hectic. Her life is thrown into turmoil when she inherits a toddler, Elizabeth , from a deceased cousin whom she hadn\'t seen since 1954. Soon, caring for the child occupies much of her time, and her business career begins to suffer, culminating in the loss of her boyfriend and job. Wiatt tries to give Elizabeth up for adoption, but finds that she has grown too attached to the child, forcing a reevaluation of her priorities. She moves into a house in the country in Vermont. Purchasing the home without first having seen it in person or having it inspected, she finds it is riddled with problems . Suffering a nervous breakdown and on the brink of financial collapse, she sees an opportunity to sell baby food applesauce she had concocted for Elizabeth made from fresh ingredients. Amid the clamor for her new products, she develops a relationship with local veterinarian Jeff Cooper . At first annoyed by him, she is opposed to Jeff\'s overtures and is focused now on as fast as possible to return to New York. Finding a buyer for the house proves almost impossible. After a rough start, she succeeds in selling her "Gourmet Baby Food", and soon business is booming. Finally, her old boss  and his client  take notice. They offer to buy her company for millions, take her product nationwide, and give her back her career and high-prestige lifestyle. On the brink of accepting, she decides that she can grow her enterprise on her own without having to sacrifice her personal life. She returns to Vermont to the arms of her new lover and adopted daughter.'] ["Jake and Tina have taken up residence in a London hotel, living way beyond their means. He is a commodities broker whose shipment of cocoa beans is tied up by a Third World country's revolution. She is a woman with extravagant tastes who is still technically married to Larry, her first husband. The two of them are so broke that when it comes time to pay for a dinner at the hotel, Jake hands a credit card to the waiter and prays that it won't be canceled. A pair of hotel executives, Mercer and Swayle, repeatedly make attempts to confront Jake and Tina about their growing unpaid bill. Only one object stands between the couple and total insolvency. That is a tiny sculpture by Henry Moore that was given to Tina by her husband as a gift. But just as she and Jake hatch a scheme to pretend the object is stolen and collect the insurance on it, a deaf housekeeper, Jenny, decides to steal it for herself."] ["Dr. Sullivan Travis   is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate , suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee , is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she is romantically involved with Marilyn , the maid of honor. Dr. T's youngest daughter, Connie , is a spunky conspiracy theorist who has her own agenda, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn , has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy , meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree , a golf instructor, offers him comfort."] ["A charming British anthropology Professor Bruce Patterson  has to live with Helen Bushmill , his fiancée. Helen is away traveling, and has failed to tell him that she has a seventeen-year-old daughter Libby , who shows up at her mother's home unaware that Helen in engaged. Meanwhile he has to resist the advances of the neighbourhood ladies who barge in unexpectedly. At the same time, Patterson must deal with the continual invasions of his cynical neighbor, and law student, Mike , who soon develops a crush on Libby. Intertwined in the story is Mike's persistent dachshund, determined to bury the professor's prize possession of a rare dinosaur bone. In an interview with Peter Bogdanovich, Tashlin said he included the dachshund as a satire on CinemaScope due to the dog's shape.Bogdanovich, Who the Devil Made It? 1998 Ballantine Books"] ['Ferragosto in Rome. Everybody is on holidays on the beach, except Enrico Marletti , who spends the week working. On the weekends, he drives to Rimini to meet his wife Giuliana , but she is living her dolce vita  and her husband is out her chic friends.'] ["Cathy Timberlake, a New York City career woman, meets the man of her dreams, Philip Shayne, in an unusual way. His Rolls Royce splashes her dress with mud while she is on her way to a job interview. The wealthy, suave Philip and the virginal Cathy are at cross purposes. He just wants an affair, while she is holding out for marriage. Watching from the sidelines are Philip's conflicted assistant, Roger, who is guilt-ridden and seeing a therapist for helping his boss with his numerous conquests, and Cathy's cynical friend, Connie Emerson, who knows just what Philip is after.  Philip wines and dines Cathy. He even takes her to see the New York Yankees play. They watch from an unusual vantage point, the Yankees dugout . Cathy's complaints about the umpire while seated alongside Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris and Yogi Berra , cause ump Art Passarella to throw all of them out of the game. Philip's conscience weighs on him, so he withdraws an invitation to Bermuda, which only serves to make Cathy succumb and agree to go. This implicitly consents to intimacy. But conveniently or not , she comes down with a possibly psychosomatic rash, much to her embarrassment and his frustration. The Bermuda trip is repeated due to Cathy's determination to give it a second try, but this time she drinks to soothe her nerves and ends up tipsy. Cathy makes a complete fool of herself, eventually falling out of the window onto an awning below. Cathy's humiliation is rendered complete as she is carried in her pajamas through the crowded hotel lobby. At the urging of Roger and Connie, now convinced that Philip is in love with her, Cathy goes on a date with the sleazy Beasley to make her true love jealous. Her plan succeeds and they do get married. Ironically, on their honeymoon, he breaks out in a rash."] ['Duke brothers Randolph  and Mortimer  own Duke & Duke, a successful commodities brokerage in Philadelphia. Holding opposing views on the issue of nature versus nurture, they make a wager of the "usual amount" and agree to conduct an experiment switching the lives of two people at opposite sides of the social hierarchy and observing the results. They witness an encounter between their managing director&mdash;the well-mannered and educated Louis Winthorpe III , engaged to the Dukes\' grand-niece Penelope &mdash;and a poor street hustler named Billy Ray Valentine ; Valentine is arrested at Winthorpe\'s insistence because of a suspected robbery attempt. The Dukes decide to use the two men for their experiment. Winthorpe is publicly framed as a thief, drug dealer and adulterer by Clarence Beeks  at the request of the Dukes. Winthorpe is fired from Duke & Duke, his bank accounts are frozen, he is denied entry to his Duke-owned home, and he quickly finds himself vilified by Penelope and his former friends. He befriends Ophelia , a prostitute who agrees to help him in exchange for a financial reward once he is exonerated. Meanwhile, the Dukes bail Valentine out of jail, install him in Winthorpe\'s former job and grant him use of Winthorpe\'s home. Valentine soon becomes well-versed in the business using his street smarts to achieve success, and begins to act well-mannered. During the firm\'s Christmas party, Winthorpe is caught planting drugs in Valentine\'s desk in a desperate attempt to get his job back, and he brandishes a gun to escape. Later, the Dukes discuss their experiment and settle their wager for one dollar , before plotting to return Valentine to the streets. Valentine overhears the conversation, and seeks out Winthorpe. Winthorpe attempts suicide by overdosing on pills. Valentine, Ophelia and Winthorpe\'s former butler Coleman  nurse him back to health and inform him of the Dukes\' experiment. On television, they learn that Clarence Beeks is transporting a secret report on orange crop forecasts. Winthorpe and Valentine recall large payments made to Beeks by the Dukes and realize that the Dukes plan to obtain the report to corner the market on frozen orange juice. The group agrees to disrupt their plan as revenge. On New Years Eve, the four board Beeks\' Philadelphia bound train, intending to switch his report with a forgery. Beeks uncovers their scheme and attempts to kill them, but he is knocked unconscious by a gorilla being transported on the train. The four disguise Beeks with a gorilla costume and lock him up with the real gorilla. The forged report indicating that the year\'s orange crop will be low is then delivered to the Dukes. Valentine and Winthorpe then travel to New York City with Coleman and Ophelia\'s life savings to carry out their part of the plan. On the commodities trading floor, the Dukes commit all their holdings to buying frozen concentrated orange-juice futures contracts; other traders follow their lead, inflating the price. Meanwhile, Valentine and Winthorpe sell futures heavily at the inflated price. Following the broadcast of the actual crop report, showing that the orange crop will be normal, the price of orange-juice futures plummets. Valentine and Winthorpe buy back their futures at the lower price from everyone but the Dukes, turning a large profit. The Dukes fail to meet a margin call, and are left owing $394 million. Valentine and Winthorpe explain to the Dukes that they had made a wager on whether they could get rich while making the Dukes poor simultaneously. Valentine collects $1 from Winthorpe while Randolph collapses holding his chest and Mortimer shouts angrily at his brother about their failed plan. Beeks and the gorilla are loaded onto a ship heading for Africa. Meanwhile, the now wealthy Valentine, Winthorpe, Ophelia, and Coleman vacation on a luxurious tropical beach.'] [' In her senior year as a Southern California college student, girlish sorority president Elle Woods majors in fashion merchandising and is seriously in love with her boyfriend, Warner Huntington III, who will attend Harvard Law School the following year. She excitedly expects him to ask her to marry him, but instead he breaks up with her. Desperate to win Warner back, Elle studies for and passes the law-school entrance exam, applies to Harvard, and is accepted. Upon arriving at Harvard, her classmates disapprove of her because of her naivete, and she discovers that Warner is engaged to another student, Vivian Kensington. The only friend Elle makes is Paulette, a divorced manicurist. Elle later helps Paulette gain custody of her dog back from her ex-husband as well as seduce the delivery man on whom she has a crush. After Vivian tricks Elle into attending a party in a Playboy Bunny costume, Elle has a discussion with Warner and finally realizes he will never respect her. Now determined to succeed on her own, Elle studies hard and wins an internship with Professor Callahan, as do Warner and Vivian. They work with Callahan and an associate, attorney Emmett Richmond, to defend Brooke Taylor-Windham, a famous fitness instructor accused of murdering her much older billionaire husband, Hayworth Windham. Brooke was once Elle\'s fitness instructor and a member of her sorority. Elle believes Brooke is innocent, but Brooke\'s stepdaughter, Chutney, and the household cabana boy say she is guilty, and that they saw Brooke standing over Windham\'s dead body, covered in his blood, while Brooke testifies that she loved her husband and only found him after he had been shot to death. Brooke refuses to provide Callahan an alibi, but when Elle visits her in prison, Brooke admits that she had liposuction on the day of the murder. Public knowledge of this fact would ruin Brooke\'s reputation as a fitness instructor, so Elle agrees to keep it secret and refuses to reveal the alibi to Callahan. Impressed by her integrity, Vivian starts to befriend Elle, also admitting that Warner was put on Harvard\'s wait-list and only got in because his father pulled some strings. The case against Brooke begins to weaken when Elle deduces that the cabana boy is gay after he correctly identifies Elle\'s shoe style. During the cross-examination, Emmett tricks him into identifying his boyfriend in court, proving that his testimony about having an affair with Brooke was a lie. Impressed by her performance, Callahan discusses Elle\'s future with her and then makes sexual advances on her, which Elle immediately rejects. Overhearing part of the conversation, Vivian is frustrated by Elle apparently using her sexuality to gain her internship. Elle, also thinking that Callahan chose her for sexual reasons, decides to leave law school. Professor Stromwell, who once removed Elle from her class for being unprepared, helps regain Elle\'s spirit. Meanwhile, Emmett explains Elle\'s encounter with Callahan to Vivian and Brooke. Brooke is enraged by that and Vivian realizes her mistake. Before the trial continues, Brooke dismisses Callahan and hires Elle as her new attorney with Emmett supervising. Elle begins shakily while cross-examining Chutney, who testifies that she was home during her father\'s murder, but did not hear the gunshot because she was in the shower washing her hair after getting her hair permed earlier that day. Elle gets Chutney to reconfirm her story, then reveals that washing permed hair within the first 24 hours would have deactivated the ammonium thioglycolate, and Chutney\'s curls are still intact. Exposed, Chutney admits to killing Hayworth accidentally because she thought he was Brooke, whom she hated for marrying her father because she was Chutney\'s age. Brooke is exonerated, and Chutney is arrested. After the trial, Warner tries to reconcile with Elle, but she rejects him, explaining that she needs a boyfriend who is less of a "bonehead" in her new career. Two years later, Elle, who has graduated with high honors, is the class-elected speaker at the ceremony, and has been invited into one of Boston\'s best law firms; Vivian is now Elle\'s best friend and has called off her engagement with Warner, who graduated without honors and no girlfriend and with no job offers; Paulette has married her delivery man and is expecting a baby girl to be named after Elle; and finally, Emmett has started his own practice, is now Elle\'s boyfriend, and will propose to her that night.'] ['{{plot}} Timothy "Tim" Conrad  is an ambitious financial executive who entices wealthy Swiss businessman Martin Mueller  to become a client of his firm. Impressed by Tim\'s creative marketing ingenuity, his boss Lance Fender  invites him to a "dinner for winners," to which Tim must bring a "talented" guest; the winner earns a trophy and the executive that brought him or her gets glory. Tim learns it is actually a "dinner for idiots" and the award is to the biggest "loser". Tim\'s girlfriend Julie  lands a curator deal for eccentric artist Kieran Vollard . Tim unsuccessfully proposes to her, as he has done several times before. After learning of the cruel nature of the dinner party, Julie becomes upset and asks him not to attend. He agrees. The next day, Tim accidentally hits IRS employee Barry Speck  with his Porsche as Barry attempts to retrieve a dead mouse in the road. While helping Barry pick up his belongings from the street, Tim learns of Barry\'s hobby of constructing mouse dioramas and realizes Barry is the perfect guest for the company dinner. Julie is upset that Tim intends to attend the dinner, so she walks out on Tim to be alone and accidentally leaves her cell phone behind. Barry shows up at Tim\'s apartment a day early. He gets on Tim\'s computer and foolishly gives Tim\'s home address to Darla , a woman Tim had a one-night stand with before he met Julie. Tim tells him that Darla has been stalking him ever since. Barry  decides to guard Tim\'s apartment, but mistakes Julie for Darla, sending her away and giving her the mistaken impression that Tim is cheating on her. Having messed up again, Barry decides to help by calling Vollard to locate Julie. Believing they hear Julie in the background, he and Tim sneak into Vollard\'s home. Kieran, dressed as an animal, is discovered with two women, dressed as birds, in an art "process." Returning to Tim\'s, Barry finds Darla waiting outside, wearing a suspicious overcoat. Underneath is a leather outfit made of tight pants and a corset. She attempts to seduce Tim, who tries to get her to leave. Tim gets a phone call from Julie, but can\'t answer because Darla snatches his phone and hides it in the front of her thong. Tim locks himself inside his room as he continues to try to get in contact with Julie. Frustrated by his rejection, Darla tries to seduce Barry in order to spite Tim but fails because Barry innocently fails to comprehend all of her sexual innuendos, which finally gets her to leave. Barry finds a message on Julie\'s cellphone from Vollard, revealing that Julie is leaving for Vollard\'s ranch. Barry, trying again to make amends, suggests that they go to his IRS office to find records containing Vollard\'s ranch address. They meet Barry\'s boss Therman Murch , who displays "mind control" power over Barry. He will help only if Barry will say "You can eat my pudding," which Barry refuses to do. So Therman looks up Tim\'s instead and informs him that he will be audited, and they leave without the address. Outside, the two see Therman kiss a woman Barry reveals is his ex-wife, saying, "I used to call her pudding." Tim lets Barry sleep at his place. He finds several pictures  depicting Barry\'s life, including him walking in on Therman and his wife in bed which is followed by mouse-Barry tearfully eating by himself, causing Tim to feel sorry for Barry. The next morning, Tim arrives at a brunch with Mueller, making an excuse for Julie\'s absence. Back at the apartment, Barry takes a call from Tim\'s assistant Susana , who emphasizes the importance of Julie\'s attendance. So, he crashes the business lunch, bringing Darla, who pretends to be Julie. Tim is goaded by Mueller into proposing to her, which he does just as Julie arrives unexpectedly. After Darla smashes Tim\'s Porsche, Barry tries again to make amends by giving in to Therman\'s humiliating demands so that he can get Vollard\'s address. At the ranch, Vollard is attempting to seduce Julie with his art "process." Tim explains recent events to her, but while confiding what a fool Barry is, Barry overhears. Julie tells Tim she is leaving for San Francisco with Vollard. Barry sadly confesses he never knew what his wife thought of him until she left him. Tim apologizes for what has happened, and Barry returns home to his mouse dioramas. After the loss of his "talented" guest, Tim arrives at the dinner party armed with excuses. To his surprise, he finds Barry has arrived on his own, and is already impressing Fender and Mueller. Barry\'s dioramas become a hit at the party, making him a shoo-in for the trophy, but unexpectedly, Therman arrives and embarrasses Barry with his mind control. Tim takes Barry aside, tells him everything and, after some encouragement, entices Barry to overcome Therman with "brain control". Upon Barry\'s reception of the trophy, Tim confronts Fender, saying he has been on the wrong side all along – he stands with the group of "losers". As the real purpose of the dinner is revealed, the guests react unhappily and inadvertently cause chaos, resulting in a vulture carrying off Mueller\'s finger  and the house catching fire. Tim returns home and finds Julie\'s note that she has gone. Knowing he has lost all but done the right thing, Tim tells Barry how much he loves Julie and how badly he messed things up with her. Barry, seeing Julie has just shown up at the doorway, goads Tim into continuing to describe how he messed up. Barry explains to Vollard  that if he takes Julie it will break Tim\'s heart and people die of broken hearts; Vollard valiantly steps aside. An epilogue of Barry\'s dioramas tells how everyone fared in the end: Tim marries Julie and they honeymoon in Paris; Barry enters into a relationship with Darla, does some artwork with Vollard, and hosts a monthly "breakfast for champions" for all of the "losers"; Therman writes a book from a mental hospital; Tim and Julie collaborate on a new museum in Switzerland with Mueller. It is revealed that Fender\'s company has gone under and Forbes magazine has named him "Wall Street\'s Biggest Loser".'] ["The story focuses on Apple Annie, an aging and wretched fruit seller in New York City, whose daughter Louise has been raised in a Spanish convent since she was an infant. Louise has been led to believe her mother is a society matron named Mrs. E. Worthington Manville who lives at the Hotel Marberry. Annie discovers her charade is in danger of being uncovered when she learns Louise is sailing to New York with her fiancé Carlos and his father, Count Romero. Among Annie's patrons are Dave the Dude, a gambling gangster who believes her apples bring him good luck, and his henchman Happy McGuire. Annie's friends ask Dave to rent her an apartment at the Marberry and, although he initially declines, he has a change of heart and arranges for her to live in the lap of luxury in a palatial residence belonging to a friend. His girlfriend, nightclub owner Missouri Martin, helps transform Annie from a dowdy street peddler to an elegant dowager. Dave arranges for pool hustler Henry D. Blake to pose as Annie's husband, the dignified Judge Manville. At the pier, Annie tearfully reunites with Louise. When three society reporters become suspicious about Mrs. E. Worthington Manville, of whom they can find no public records, they are kidnapped by members of Dave's gang, and their disappearance leads the local newspapers to accuse the police department of incompetence. A few days later, Blake – in the role of Judge Manville – announces he is planning a gala reception for Louise, Carlos, and Count Romero before they return to Spain, and he enlists Dave's guys and Missouri's dolls to pose as Annie's society friends. On the night of the reception, the police – certain Dave is responsible for the missing reporters – surround Missouri's club, where the gang has assembled for a final rehearsal. Dave calls Blake to advise him of their predicament, and Annie decides to confess everything to Count Romero. But fate – in the form of a sympathetic mayor and governor and their entourages – unexpectedly steps in and allows Annie to maintain her charade and keep Louise from learning the truth."] ['Young Sharon Curley becomes pregnant, but refuses to tell anyone who the father is. She decides to keep the baby  and her family, each in their own way, eventually decides to support her. Her father particularly studies up on childbirth and female anatomy . Soon after a wild night at the pub, twenty-year-old Sharon Curley  finds herself expecting a little "snapper" by a man she loathes. Her refusal to name the father sets in motion a family drama involving her three brothers, two sisters, and her parents, along with her employers and all her friends. Kellegher, playing the role as a coarse, earthy, yet remarkably sensible young woman  soon discovers who her friends really are, as some people tease and torment her, some make remarks to her siblings, some force her father to take direct action in her defense, and all spread gossip. Des Curley , Sharon\'s father, shows the whole world in his face, his emotions ranging from outrage toward Sharon for embarrassing the family to tender concern as her time draws near. As the eight-member family trips all over each other emotionally , the tensions within the family grow more intense. Widespread speculation about who the father is disrupts the neighborhood, with some hotheads visiting their own brand of justice on the Curleys. The arrival of the baby offers a chance at resolution. It turns out that Sharon\'s friend\'s father, Georgie Burgess, got her pregnant by taking advantage of her while she was drunk. Sharon\'s story is that it was a Spanish sailor, but the whole town suspects the truth.'] ['The residents of the  rural village of Titfield rely on the railway branch line to commute to work and transport their produce to market. So they are shocked when the government announces that the line is to be closed. Particularly hard hit is the local vicar, railway enthusiast Rev. Sam Weech ; he comes up with the idea to run it locally. He and the local squire, Gordon Chesterford , persuade wealthy Walter Valentine  to provide the financial backing by telling him they can legally operate a bar while the train is running &ndash; he will not have to wait all morning for the local pub to open. The branch line supporters are bitterly opposed by bus operators Alec Pearce  and Vernon Crump , but, despite the fears of town clerk George Blakeworth , the supporters persuade the Ministry of Transport to grant them a month\'s trial period with an inspection at the end. Dan Taylor , a retired railway worker, knows how to run an engine and joins the venture. On the maiden run, Crump and Pearce try to block a crossing, first with their lorry and then with a passing steam roller operated by Harry Hawkins , but the steam locomotive is too powerful and pushes them off the track. The next day, Crump and Pearce persuade an irate Hawkins to shoot holes in the water tower, but the passengers form a bucket brigade and refill the engine from a nearby stream using buckets from the nearby farm. Defeated, Crump proposes a merger, but is turned down. The night before the inspection, Hawkins, Crump and Pearce use the steamroller to tow the unguarded engine and coach down the gradient. It runs off the track where the three men have removed a rail. Blakeworth is mistakenly blamed and arrested. Taylor and Valentine get drunk together and decide to "borrow" an engine from the Mallingford yards, but end up driving the engine along the main street of Mallingford and finally running the locomotive into a large oak tree. They are arrested. Weech decides to get the antique but still-functional Thunderbolt from the museum, and after liberating Blakeworth from the law, they persuade the mayor to support them. They also commandeer Dan Taylor\'s home, an old railway carriage body, which is hastily strapped to a flatcar. With Taylor\'s arrest, Weech is left without a fireman/stoker. Fortunately, the vicar\'s friend and fellow railway devotee, Ollie Matthews , the Bishop of Welchester, is visiting and, nothing loathe, is hurriedly drafted in to assist. Meanwhile, Pierce and Crump see Thunderbolt from the road and, distracted, run their bus into a police lorry and are also arrested. Weech and Chesterford also have to improvise a means of connecting the engine to the rest of the train since the coupling method had greatly changed since Thunderbolt{{\'}}s heyday. The village craftsman uses a length of rope, but warns Chesterford to be careful. As they are about to start their run, the police demand to be carried to Mallingford with their four prisoners. The Ministry inspector  refuses to adjust the starting time for the delay. During a braking test, the rope snaps, and Thunderbolt leaves the carriages behind. However, several villagers turn out and manage to quietly push the carriages to meet up again with Thunderbolt, with the inspector none the wiser. Joan Hampton  has to promise to marry Hawkins to get him to lend them the chain from his roller\'s steering mechanism to replace the broken rope. The train pulls into Mallingford station nearly ten minutes late. The villagers worry that this will prove their downfall, but it turns out that if they had been just a bit faster, they would have exceeded the speed limit for light railways. Instead, the line passes inspection, clearing the way for the Light Railway Order to be granted.'] ['Young Englishman Dennis Barlow  wins an airline ticket and visits his uncle Sir Francis Hinsley  in Los Angeles. Hinsley has worked as a production staffer at a major Hollywood studio for over thirty years. His employer D.J. Jr.  fires Hinsley, despite the old man\'s faithful dedication to the company. Hinsley commits suicide by hanging himself. Dennis is swayed by a prominent member of the local English expatriate community to spend most of the money from his uncle\'s estate on a socially prestigious burial at Whispering Glades cemetery and mortuary. There he meets and becomes infatuated with Aimée Thanatogenos , a hopelessly naive and idealistic cosmetician who says she was named after Aimee Semple McPherson. Chief embalmer Mr. Joyboy  is also an admirer, but though she respects him professionally she doesn\'t have any romantic feelings toward him. Aimée\'s idol is the Reverend Wilbur Glenworthy , owner of Whispering Glades. Aimée worships the solemn and pious reverend, but in private he is a calculating businessman who regards Whispering Glades as just a business venture. To raise money, Dennis begins working at Happier Hunting Grounds, a local pet cemetery run by the reverend\'s brother Henry Glenworthy , who has lately been fired by the movie studio as well. Dennis courts Aimée with poetry, which fascinates her though she fails to recognize famous verses. When Aimée asks whether Dennis wrote these passages, he changes the subject. Dennis dares not let Aimée find out where he works since she considers the pet cemetery to be sacrilegious. Aimée is increasingly frustrated by Dennis\' cynical and disrespectful attitude toward Whispering Glades and is shocked at his suggestion that they marry and live on her income when she gets a promotion. So, acting on advice given by Guru Brahmin , actually a drunken staff writer at a newspaper, she accepts a dinner invitation from Mr. Joyboy, who secured her promotion. Thoughts of a serious relationship with Mr. Joyboy are dismissed when she sees his bizarre and unhealthy relationship with his morbidly obese mother whose only interest is food. Again acting on the advice of Guru Brahmin, she becomes engaged to Dennis. She invites him to her home, a partially finished house built on a cliff, condemned and abandoned due to the danger of landslides. He cuts the visit short, alarmed at occasional ominous trembling and Aimée\'s lack of concern over her own safety. Dennis and Henry Glenworthy meet their neighbor, a boy genius ([[Paul Williams  with an interest in rocketry, and they let him set up a lab at the pet cemetery. Mr. Joyboy brings in his pet myna bird to be buried and discovers the identity of his rival. He agrees to have the bird shot into orbit by one of the neighbor\'s rockets, instead of being buried. Mr. Joyboy brings Aimée to the ceremony and she is outraged when she sees Dennis performing the service; this greatly pleases Mr. Joyboy. Reverend Glenworthy, seeing little profit in the cemetery once the plots have been filled, decides to convert it into a retirement home, but is unable to proceed without a plan for dealing with the bodies interred there. When he learns of his brother\'s idea of sending bodies into orbit, he recognizes it as a solution to his own problem. He proceeds to obtain surplus rockets by hosting an orgy at Whispering Glades with top Air Force brass as guests of honor. Dennis, in a desperate attempt to reconcile with Aimée, tells her that Whispering Glades is to be shut down. She flees, but is afraid that what Dennis told her might be true. She seeks out Mr. Joyboy for comfort, but he has been called to the cemetery to prepare a body to be launched into orbit, an ex-astronaut nicknamed "The Condor." She tracks down Guru Brahmin in a bar, but he drunkenly advises her to jump out a window. Finally, she flees to the cemetery and finds Reverend Glenworthy, who confirms Dennis\' story and tries to seduce her with promises of continued employment with higher pay at the new facility. Wholly distraught, since her faith in everything she held sacred has been shattered, she attaches herself to an embalming machine and dies peacefully. Mr. Joyboy finds her body, but is afraid to report it because of the scandal it would cause, so he calls Dennis to dispose of her in the pet cemetery\'s crematorium. Dennis agrees, but only if Mr. Joyboy gives him a first class ticket back to England and all the cash he can lay his hands on. Dennis also imposes the condition that Aimée be placed in the casket headed for space and the Condor be sent to the pet crematorium. After the televised funeral ceremony and launch, Dennis is seen boarding the first class section of a plane to England.'] ['Danielle Billard, aged 82, is a childless widow of an army colonel. She lives in a small-town home in Auxerre with her faithful housekeeper, Odile. Quiet life? Things are not as they appear. Danielle is mean, cruel and malicious. When Odile "accidentally" dies, Danielle divides her estate between her grand-niece and grand-nephew, Jeanne and Jean-Pierre. She then goes to live in Paris with Jean-Pierre and his family. Although the family believes her to be an agreeable elderly lady, they soon discover her true colours! The family goes on an extended vacation leaving their aunt in the care of a young woman, Sandrine. Little does Danielle know, she has finally met her match! Through many turbulant episodes these two women develop an ostensibly mutual love-hate "respect".'] ['An American beautician named Joy Miller  teaches students to groom hair, but is put out of business when one of her students accidentally ignites hair spray with his cigarette, eventually leading to the school burning down. Joy ends up being highlighted in a newspaper article after she helps her students and the caged animals escape the building successfully. The article is seen by Ira Grushinsky , a diplomatic representative of a small Eastern European country called Slovetzia , a country she never heard of. Ira has been sent to the United States to find a tutor for the three children of Slovetzia\'s President, and, mistakenly thinking that Joy is an academic teacher, offers the job to her. Joy accepts, and it is only after they arrive in Slovetzia that Ira realizes his error. By then it is too late, and Joy agrees to keep up the ruse of being a "real" teacher for the time being. The initial meeting of Joy with the President, a dictator named Boris Pochenko , gets off on the wrong foot, but Joy gets along well with his three children Katrina , Karl , and Masha . Joy teaches them of life outside Slovetzia and helps them gain confidence in themselves. Joy frequently clashes with Pochenko, who is disturbed by her fierce independence and the fact that he cannot frighten her. Joy\'s presence in Slovetzia is due to Pochenko\'s desire to change his reputation among other Western nations as a "beast". His second-in-command, Leonid Kleist  is against Pochenko\'s "softening" strategy, and wants to crush the growing rebellion among Slovetzia\'s youth. Joy eventually learns that Katrina is in love with Alek , one of the leaders of the youth rebellion. Alek is captured by Pochenko, but Joy secretly helps Katrina sneak to his cell to see him. A summit of visiting emissaries are arriving in Slovetzia to meet with Pochenko, and Joy convinces him that the best way to prove that he is a modern-thinking man would be to throw a party. Joy is put in charge of preparations, and during this time she and Pochenko grow closer. On the evening of the dinner, Joy confesses that she is not an academic teacher, but by this time Pochenko does not care about her credentials, only that she has brought happiness to him and his family. Later, Leonid confronts Joy with the fact that she has been helping Katrina meet Alek. When this information is brought to Pochenko, he argues with Joy on her meddling, and Joy decides to leave Slovetzia for good. Some months pass. Leonid has quietly taken over administrative duties and signing sentences in Pochenko\'s name. Pochenko, made aware of this fact by Ira, confronts Leonid and strips him of his duties. Pochenko realizes that he has spent many months depressed and discontent after Joy\'s leaving, and decides that it is time to change his ways. The film\'s final scene shows Joy back at home with her parents. She has also been depressed after leaving Slovetzia, but then receives a surprise visit by Pochenko. The pair reconcile.'] ['The day prior to the events of Clerks; April 9, 1993, college student T.S. Quint is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi Svenning, during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father\'s dating game show. They argue over this and eventually break up. T.S. turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce, who has also broken up with his girlfriend, Rene Mosier after having an argument, and Brodie suggests the two might find solace at the local mall. Brodie and T.S. discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, and ask local drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob to destroy the show\'s stage , a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans. These actions result in the two being pursued by mall security guard LaFours, but they are able to escape him. Brodie finds out Rene began a relationship with his nemesis Shannon Hamilton, a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of his "lack of a shopping agenda." Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with Shannon and the two have sex in an elevator. Rene seems to have some respect for Brodie once more, but the latter is later confronted and assaulted by Shannon, who admits on intending to seduce Rene and then have sex with her in a "very uncomfortable place"; a running joke is that this is interpreted as the "back of a Volkswagen". As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall\'s Easter Bunny, under the wrongful assumption that he attacked Brodie. Brandi\'s father, Jared, who is aware of Brodie and T.S\'s presence at the mall, has the two arrested by LaFours, who tries to plant drugs on them. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie and T.S. and are once again able to evade LaFours. Meanwhile, Brodie and T.S. seek refuge at a local flea market, where they meet local fortune teller Ivannah. T.S. decides to win back Brandi and the two return to the mall. Before the show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who was visiting the mall. After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her sexual intercourse with Shannon. Tricia herself was doing a project in which she had sex with a number of male adults, despite being only fifteen years old, for a book about the sex drive of men. Meanwhile, T.S. also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants high, which allow him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date. The initial plan was all three contestants but the third one, Gil Hicks, showed up late, and Brodie and T.S. must go on with him. During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie and T.S., and an argument ensues between the three while being aired as well as being in front of the crowd. Brodie tells Brandi that T.S. had spent all day trying to win her back. T.S. then proposes to Brandi, which she accepts. As the police arrive to arrest T.S. and Brodie after the show is over, Silent Bob  plays a sex tape of Shannon and Tricia, which results in the former being arrested. Brodie and Rene renew their relationship as a result. The conclusion reveals that T.S. marries Brandi, while the show\'s producers are so impressed with Brodie\'s stage banter that they offer him his own talk show, with Rene as his bandleader.'] ["Ibo  is a young Turkish-German man who is an aspiring filmmaker. A clash of cultures and pre-parental anxiety ensues after Ibo's German girlfriend, Titzi , announces that she's pregnant. Ibo's father  is upset at his son for wanting to start a family with a non-Turkish German woman while Titzi is upset at Ibo over his hesitance in taking on fatherly responsibilities. Other themes are the competition of a Turkish kebab restaurant and a Greek taverna, a gang trying to extort the owner of the kebab restaurant, Ibo's quest to make the first German Kung-Fu movie and the pursuit of both Titzi and her roommate of spots at a prestigious drama academy."] ['A.J. Niles is a provocative best-selling author who discovers that he has a large tax debt owed to the IRS, due to being ripped off by his accountant, Herman Wapinger. He goes undercover under the alias "Jack Adams" in a California suburban community called Paradise Village to research a new book about the wives and lives there. Niles is pursued by a flirtatious married woman named Dolores while falling in love with a woman, Rosemary, who rents her house to him. Wapinger is found, Niles\' cash is returned to him, and he reveals his true identity on national television. The husbands in Paradise Village all file for divorce, believing their wives are all having affairs with Niles. In divorce court, Niles reveals that he is in love with Rosemary and asks here to marry him. Everyone lives happily ever after.'] ["Im Dae-ho  has been a huge fan of professional wrestling since his childhood. In South Korea, a wrestler called Kim Il was a big star in the 1970s, but Dae-ho preferred a cheating fighter called Ultra Tiger Mask. Years later, when his job at a bank isn't going well, Dae-ho decides to try professional wrestling himself.http://movie.empas.com/movies/movie.tsp?mid=266 Translated. Retrieved on 17 February 2008"] ['Calvin Webber  is a brilliant and eccentric Caltech nuclear physicist, living during the Cold War. His extreme fear of a nuclear holocaust leads him to build an enormous self-sustaining fallout shelter beneath his suburban home. One night, while he and his pregnant wife, Helen , are entertaining guests, a family friend comes to inform him that John F. Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev are getting into a debate. The family turns on their television, and watch in horror. When the Cuban Missile Crisis begins, they ask their guests to leave, and they head down into the shelter. Meanwhile, a pilot is having problems with his plane; he is ordered to eject, believing his jet will crash into the Pacific Ocean. Just as the Webbers descend into the shelter, the plane veers off and crashes into the Webber home, leaving their friends and family to believe the family has died. The family, having seen the resulting fireball just as they lock themselves in their shelter, believe that the unthinkable has happened and that they are the sole survivors of a nuclear war. The locks on the shelter are set for 35 years and cannot be overridden by anyone inside or outside the shelter — for "their own protection" according to Calvin Webber. A few days after the locks have been engaged, Mrs. Webber goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name Adam. During the roughly 35 years they are down in the shelter, the world above drastically changes, while the Webbers\' life remains frozen in 1962. Adam is taught in several languages, all school subjects, dance, boxing, and many other things. The family passes time watching black and white films and kinescopes of television programs via a projector rigged to look like a television. Adam is given his father\'s baseball card collection and shares in various companies. In the present, the timer on the locks releases, and Calvin decides to check out the surroundings above the shelter , which has turned into a ghetto. He mistakes this for a post-apocalyptic world and wants his wife and grown son  to stay in hiding, but suffers from chest pain. Adam, who is naïve but well-educated, is sent for supplies and help, thus beginning his adventures. Much of the humor in the film is derived from his being unaccustomed to the lifestyle of the present , believing "gay" means happy, and finding awe in simple things of the present. Early on, he meets Eve Vrustikoff  at a card store, where she works, and where he went to sell his father\'s classic baseball cards. She stops the store owner from ripping Adam off and is immediately fired. Adam asks Eve to take him to the Holiday Inn, in exchange for a baseball card, worth $4,000. The next morning, at the Holiday Inn, Eve comes to give back the card to Adam, and after a brief conversation, Eve informs Adam that she has to look for a new job. In exchange for $1,000 a week, Adam asks Eve to work for him, she agrees to help him buy the supplies and his search for a "non-mutant wife from Pasadena". Meanwhile, Adam meets Eve\'s gay housemate and best friend, Troy , who offers advice and commentary as Adam and Eve fall in love. Adam continually impresses both Eve and Troy with his array of talents including an energetic swing dance that garners the attention of Eve\'s rival, Sophie , who starts flirting with the naive Adam, spurning Eve when he goes home with her. Adam returns later, having admitted to rejecting Sophie\'s advances and tells Eve about his past. The sheer notion of the story scares Eve into thinking he is a sociopath or psychotic and delusional and she contacts some mental health professionals to have him committed. They arrive at Eve\'s house to take him into custody, but he escapes. After Adam is gone, Troy and Eve find that he has "millions upon millions, upon millions of dollars" worth of stocks, and the lifestyle they find he has been living seems straight out of the 1960s. Eventually, Eve finds Adam and the two make up, Adam finally introducing Eve to his sheltered parents. At the conclusion of the film, Calvin and Helen move into a home at the surface that their son has had constructed with the wealth he has acquired from the stocks his father gave him. Only Calvin is informed that the catastrophe they went into seclusion for was in fact a plane crash, for fear Helen would be incredibly angry at her husband for her years of mistaken confinement. The film ends with Helen at peace with her newfound freedom from the shelter, Adam and Eve engaged to be married, while Calvin, certain that the "Commies" have faked the collapse of the Soviet Union, starts pacing out measurements for a new fallout shelter.'] ['This is the story of a depressed man who comes into a town with no future. The title character  wanders into a small sleepy town with the intent to kill himself. When the townspeople learn of his plan, Julian becomes a minor celebrity, and is offered all sorts of free perks since this is the most exciting thing to ever happen in that town. However, Julian gets attached to the town and decides life is worth living after all, much to the annoyance of the townspeople who decide to set into motion plans for his suicide, assisted or forced if need be, as long as he keeps his word and carries through with his original plans, much to his desperation and anger. Julian is a man with no goals except to kill himself at the beginning of the movie. He is treated with suspicion, then sympathy once he explains his goal. Then, he meets Sarah , who says that she\'s been waiting her entire life for him. She rekindles within him the desire to live and experience love. After they make love, however, Julian awakens to find the bed empty and a letter from Sarah. He rushes to the bridge out of town, knowing that it is too late: Sarah has committed suicide, explaining that she wants to see Julian "on the other side". Heartbroken, Julian\'s mental condition is not helped by the townsfolks\' cruelty, forcing him to "keep his promise" on killing himself. Before this, many of the townspeople have tried to "assist" him with his suicide; the barber offering a quick, bloody death with a straight razor, the hotel manager showing off his multiple rifles, and the town sheriff expounding on the joy of death and killing. The film ends with Julian walking out of town, dressed in a suit and tie, "supervised" by the town sheriff, mayor and barber so as to make sure he does not run away. It is assumed that he kills himself shortly afterwards, fulfilling his dream of "going to the sea".'] ["The story begins with a corrupt Member of Parliament  shutting down a country town's main source of employment in the local meatworks. This leaves Wally Norman ([[Kevin Harrington  out of a job, until drunk politician Willy Norman accidentally writes the wrong name on the parliamentary nomination form. Wally is at first apprehensive about running, until he realises it is the only way to save the meatworks. Throughout the film Wally is coached by Willy Norman and assistant Myles Greenstreet  in how to best appeal to the voters, as well as overcome his fear of public speaking. Meanwhile, Myles is attracted to Wally's daughter, and a wombat's career skyrockets. Much of the film's humour comes from wordplay, such as naming the town Givens Head, and the foreman of the meatworks being named George. Shaun Micallef said he had to insist that his own moniker was modified from F. Ken Oath to F. Ken Oats to soften one of the film's less subtle attempts at punning.<ref namehttp://www.theage.com.au/articles/2003/11/12/1068329614107.html|titleZion|first13 November 2003|publisher21 November 2010}}"] ['The premise of the film is stated by a group of four writers conversing over dinner at the beginning of the film. The question arises: Is life naturally comic or tragic? One of the four proposes a simple story  and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this story, one being comic and one tragic.'] ['The film begins with Michèle\'s first journal entry, "I am 20 years old, and I have ruined my life!" This is just one of the many journal entry titles that are flashed before every particular scene in the film. Michèle had just recently broken up with her boyfriend so she meets up with some of her friends at a café. It is there that she meets the charming veterinarian François. Though Michèle has a promising modeling career, she feels that something, or someone, is missing in her life. François quickly fills this void, and Michèle feels partially whole. She first claims that she is Catholic but is dissatisfied with the results of praying and worshipping. By recommendation, she begins to follow Buddhism through meditation and use of elaborate costume jewelry. Eventually, she discovers that François is Jewish; however, he does not practice his faith. Throughout the film, she immerses herself in Judaism, following traditions such as the Sabbath. François breaks up with her by telling her "your touch sickens me", after accusing her of lying. He then engages in several other affairs but fails to ever marry. She attempts to date a few men but does not create any true connections. Finally, at a wedding of their friend Valérie, Francois has broken up with yet another woman and claims to desire her. The movie ends with the famous line, "...to be continued" leaving viewers curious about their future.'] ['Carl , Ed , Frank , Carl , and Patti McTeague  are the greedy relatives of a wealthy, wheelchair-bound scrap-metal tycoon Uncle Joe McTeague . They continually suck up to him and try to outdo each other in order to inherit his millions for when he passes away. With their attempts constantly failing and irritable Uncle Joe showing a decided interest in his new sexy "nurse" Molly , Frank decides to hire a private detective named Laura  to bring in his brother Daniel  believing if they can make up, Uncle Joe will thaw towards them. Instead of finding Daniel, Laura finds his son Danny  of whom Uncle Joe had always been especially fond when he was a little kid. Professional bowler Danny left the family with his father, but he accepts the cousins\' invitation to return — after rolling a gutter ball in a big tournament and finding out that he has a pre-arthritic condition developing in his wrist. Danny\'s television sports producer girlfriend Robin  encourages him to ask Uncle Joe for a loan to invest in a bowling alley. A typically rude and crude Joe says he will lend the money only if Danny sides with him against his own father. Danny is offended and leaves with his girlfriend, much to the annoyance of the other relatives. They confront Molly later on and she realizes just how conniving and desperate they are for Uncle Joe\'s money. Uncle Joe asks Danny to visit him at his scrapyard, to apologize for trying to bribe him with money, but the old man soon receives a phone call telling him that he\'s going out of business. Realizing that his relatives could declare him incompetent and throw him in a retirement home, he tells Danny that he plans to hand his fortune over to Molly. But Danny realizes how much he\'d like to inherit his fortune and tells him not to rush into anything. Danny moves in with Uncle Joe and starts competing for his money, even so far as to sing a Jimmy Durante song with him that Joe loved him to perform as a little kid. But Molly has other ideas and decides to use her "assets" to outdo Danny and have sex with the old man, if only to keep the relatives from getting his money. But after her successful attempt to get Joe in the bedroom, they are interrupted by Danny\'s father Daniel and he and Danny engage in an heated argument, in which Danny chooses Uncle Joe over him. Molly feels disgusted with herself for almost having sex with Joe and tells Danny she has to leave, but not before Danny promises to look after Joe. However, Danny tells Robin that he\'d actually hired an actor  to play his "so-called" father, to win favor with his Uncle, and she feels he\'s become too greedy and leaves him. At Joe\'s attorney\'s office, Danny is ready to inherit Joe\'s fortune when his relatives arrive with his real father. Danny admits to him that he\'s become as bad as the rest of the family. But it soon becomes apparent that Uncle Joe is not only bankrupt, he is swimming in debt. After a big scene that involves Frank fighting Danny, the relatives leave and Joe tells Danny that he was simply "playing them" to find out who actually loved him. Danny tells him "nobody loves you." Danny leaves to make up with Robin where he has a message written out during a game saying "He was broke," but she makes him realize that he still cares about his uncle. When Danny asks Douglas where Uncle Joe is, Douglas states that he doesn\'t know. With ill health, no money and no place to stay, Danny and Robin decide to let Joe stay with them in their apartment. But Joe gives them another surprise, and reveals that he\'s not really broke and still has a fortune as he has them look outside to find Molly and Douglas outside. He offers the two of them to stay with him "Whatever I own, you own". The film ends with Uncle Joe calmly getting up out of his wheelchair and exiting their apartment whilst Danny and Robin watch in awe.'] ['Zaza  is a 31-year-old Georgian-Israeli PhD student at Tel Aviv University whose family is trying to arrange a marriage for him within the Georgian community. The film\'s beginning sees Zaza and his parents Yasha and Lili visiting the home of a possible match, who is still in high school. Zaza is clearly unenthusiastic and it is mentioned that he has seen dozens of prospective brides before this. After dropping his parents off at their apartment building, Zaza drives to a pay phone and calls his girlfriend Judith , a 34-year-old Moroccan-Israeli divorcée who he is dating without his parents\' knowledge. After Judith\'s daughter Madona has gone to bed , Zaza goes to her apartment and they have sex, in an explicit, naturalistic sequence.<ref namehttp://nymag.com/nymetro/movies/reviews/6033/|titleRainer|first27 May 2002|work1 December 2009}} Meanwhile, Zaza\'s parents find that they have left their housekey in Zaza\'s car and spend the night at the home of relatives Simon and Margalit. When Zaza doesn\'t answer repeated phone calls during the night, Yasha concludes that he is with Judith; apparently Yasha was aware of the relationship but Zaza had promised him that he would end it. Judith is unacceptable to Zaza\'s parents because she is divorced, has a child, and is older than Zaza. A number of Zaza\'s relatives stake out Judith\'s apartment building, planning to confront the couple and frighten Judith into leaving Zaza. The next time Zaza visits Judith they do just this, barging into Judith\'s apartment and attempting to break up the relationship through polite argument, humiliation, and threats of violence, as Madona  watches, frightened. At one point Simon takes down a decorative sword hanging on Judith\'s wall and holds it to her throat. Zaza and Judith say little, and eventually Zaza unconvincingly tells Judith that the relationship is over and leaves with his family. Zaza returns shortly after and attempts to resume the evening where it left off, but Judith quietly tells him that she doesn\'t want to see him again. Back at his apartment, Zaza has a further confrontation with his parents. Some time later Zaza\'s parents return to Judith\'s apartment building. When Judith comes home, Lili approaches her and gives Madona a teddy bear as a peace offering, while Yasha stays in the car. Inside the apartment, Lili asks Judith if she has seen Zaza. Judith initially says that she hasn\'t, but soon she tearfully admits that Zaza has been calling her and begging her to marry him. Judith has refused because Zaza\'s reaction when his family invaded her apartment made her realize that "he loves you more than me," and she has decided the relationship is bad for all concerned. Back in the car, Yasha asks Lili if she will accept Judith as a wife for Zaza. Lili, now more sympathetic toward Judith, tells him that they should wait and see if Zaza gets over her. The next scene opens with Zaza and Yasha standing next to each other at urinals in a public restroom. It becomes clear that they are at Zaza\'s wedding reception, and Zaza is drunk. Zaza returns to the reception hall and gives a long, awkward, repetitive speech, while his new wife—who is not Judith—stands uncomfortably by his side. Eventually he tells the guests that he "has a woman more beautiful than my wife," and drags Simon onstage to ask him to confirm this. Simon defuses the situation by acting as though Zaza was referring to his mother, and Zaza plays along, embracing Lili when Simon brings her onstage. The film ends with Zaza and his bride dancing with the rest of his family.'] ["When Todd Andersen  has just signed a $30 million contract with his hometown basketball team the New Jersey Nets, he purchases many new luxuries for himself and his family including a new house in a well established, high class neighborhood for him and his gold digging girlfriend Brittany . Keeping with family tradition, he decides to host a regular family reunion cookout in his new place, however, not planning for it to clash with an important business meeting for an endorsement deal. Meanwhile, street thug Bling Bling  is jealous that Todd has made it with his basketball contract after being insulted and embarrassed in front of the neighborhood when Todd did not recognize who he was. He plans to get many pairs of sneakers signed by the upcoming star to sell on eBay and become rich. Whilst on his way to Todd's new house, he crashes his car due to his clumsy friend and then tries to steal a new Mercedes from a car park without realizing the car belongs to Todd's girlfriend Brittany. After finding out he holds her at gunpoint and forces her to drive him there. Although the meeting is scheduled to take place in the morning, and the guests are to arrive in the afternoon, one by one members of Todd's eccentric family being to arrive before expected disrupting his business interview. The neighbors are drawn to the cookout, and Todd is concerned mainly about his image, as his family's antics are making a poor impression on his neighbors. When Bling Bling and his criminal sidekick invade the cookout so they can get Todd's autograph, the ensuing chaos makes Todd realize how much he needs his family. He realizes that he loves the family for the way they are and gets a shock by the endorsement interviewer."] ["A colorful family from a small Texas town must come to grips with the accidental death of the elderly family matriarch during a clandestine meeting in a seedy motel room with her much younger, married neighbor. The woman's family must deal with their own demons while preparing for what could be an embarrassing funeral."] ['When newlywed Madeleine , an art dealer, travels from Chicago to North Carolina to pursue a local, self-taught painter  for her outsider art gallery she takes the opportunity to meet the family of her husband George  who live close by. There is his flinty, judgmental mother Peg ; his reserved, contemplative father Eugene ([[Scott Wilson ; and his sullen, resentful, twenty-ish brother Johnny  who, although married, still lives at home, and is studying for his high school equivalence certificate while working at Replacements, Ltd. as an order processor. Johnny married his wife, Ashley, before either of them finished high school. Relations between Johnny and Ashley are strained, with Ashley believing that a baby will solve their marital problems. Madeleine and George stay in the baby\'s nursery and she becomes friends with Johnny\'s pregnant young wife Ashley ([[Amy Adams , a very sweet and friendly, if somewhat naive and talkative girl. The family take Madeline to a church service and she attends Ashley\'s baby shower. Madeleine discovers that she does not know much about George, as they have been married only six months, and knew each other only a week before they got married. George\'s strong Southern family values come through. The artist Madeleine is pursuing wavers over signing with her gallery. Ashley goes into labor, and the family goes to the hospital with her, but Madeleine chooses to go and convince the artist to sign with her gallery, which makes George angry. Ashley\'s baby boy is stillborn. She tells George she was going to name it "Junebug". George and Madeleine leave to go back to Chicago.'] ['{{plot}}  Cady  is the 16-year-old homeschooled daughter of zoologist parents . They have returned to the US after residing in Africa for many years. Cady is unprepared for her first day of public high school. With the help of Janis  and Damien , Cady learns about the various cliques. She is warned to avoid the school\'s most exclusive clique, the Plastics, the reigning trio of girls led by the queen bee Regina George . The Plastics take an interest in Cady, inviting her to sit with them at lunch and go shopping with them after school. Upon realizing that Cady has been accepted into the Plastics, Janis hatches a plan to get revenge on Regina, using Cady to infiltrate the Plastics. Having ingratiated herself with the Plastics per Janis\' plan, Cady learns about the "Burn Book", a top secret notebook of Regina\'s filled with vicious rumors, secrets, and gossip about all the other girls  in their class. Cady soon falls in love with Regina\'s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels ([[Jonathan Bennett , whom Regina successfully steals back from Cady in a fit of jealousy. Hurt and frustrated, Cady continues with Janis\' plan which involves cutting off Regina\'s "resources", which include separating her from her boyfriend Aaron, destroying her beauty, and turning Regina\'s fellow Plastics, insecure rich girl Gretchen Wieners  and sweet but ditzy Karen Smith , against her. At first, the trio\'s plans backfire, and worse, even increases Regina\'s popularity. Cady then starts pretending failure at math to get Aaron\'s attention and soon choreographs Aaron\'s breakup with Regina by confessing Regina\'s infidelity with another boy. Cady also tricks Regina into eating high-calorie nutrition bars  by claiming that they actually help one lose weight. She also turns Gretchen against Regina by making her think Regina thinks of Cady as a better friend instead of her. In her efforts to get revenge on Regina, Cady gradually loses her individual personality and remakes herself in the image of Regina. Her act soon becomes reality and she becomes as spiteful as Regina, abandoning Janis and Damien in the process and focusing more on her image. Regina strikes back, spreading the entire contents of her Burn Book around the school, inciting a riot. To avoid suspicion, Regina also inserts a fake slander of herself in the book in order to focus blame on Cady, Gretchen, and Karen. The riot is eventually quelled by Principal Duvall . Math teacher Ms. Norbury , who also appeared in the Burn Book in which Cady slandered her by saying that she sold drugs, makes the girls realize that all of them are guilty of hurting their peers. She has each girl confess and apologize to the rest of the girls. When Janis\' turn came, Regina made an insulting joke about her sexuality, to which the crowd laughs at. Janis retaliates by confessing her plan to destroy Regina with Cady\'s help and openly mocks Regina with the support of the entire school. Regina storms out, pursued by an apologetic Cady, and gets hit by a school bus in her haste. Rumors circulate that Cady intentionally pushed Regina in front of the bus. Now without friends, shunned by Aaron, and distrusted by everyone at school, even being distrusted by her own parents, Cady decides to make amends by taking full blame for the Burn Book. Though severely punished by her confession, her guilt dissolves and she returns to her old personality. As part of her punishment and her reformation, she joins the Mathletes, which Damien and Regina both described earlier as "social suicide," in their competition. There, Cady has an epiphany while competing against a very unattractive girl, realizing that even if she made fun of the girl\'s appearance it would not stop the girl from beating her. At the Spring Fling dance, Cady is elected Spring Fling Queen, but in her acceptance speech, she declares her victory is meaningless: they are all wonderful in their own way and thus the victory belongs to everyone. As a symbolic gesture, she breaks her tiara and distributes the pieces to her classmates. Cady makes up with Janis and Damien, reconciles with Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. The film ends with the Plastics disbanding by the start of the new school year: Regina joins the lacrosse team as a way to channel her anger positively, Karen becomes the school weather girl, Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians" clique and is their biggest follower, and Cady dates Aaron as well as hanging out with Damien, and Janis, who starts a relationship with Cady\'s fellow mathlete Kevin. Cady reflects that the "Girl World" she lives in is at peace.'] ['A pair of truck drivers, the experienced Goro  and a young sidekick named Gun , stop at a decrepit roadside ramen  shop. Outside, Goro rescues a boy who is being beaten up by three schoolmates. The boy, Tabo, turns out to be the son of the widowed owner of the struggling business, Tampopo . When a customer called Pisken  harasses Tampopo, Goro invites him and his men to step outside. Goro puts up a good fight, but is knocked out and wakes up the next morning in Tampopo\'s home. When Tampopo asks their opinion of her noodles, Goro and Gun tell her they are not very good. After Goro gives her some advice, she asks him to become her teacher. They decide to turn her establishment into a paragon of the "art of noodle soup making". Goro takes her around and points out the strengths and weaknesses of her competitors. She still cannot get the broth just right, so Goro brings in the "old master"  and his superlative expertise. When they rescue a wealthy elderly man from choking on his food, he lends her his chauffeur Shohei, who has a masterful way with noodles. They also steal the best recipes from their competitors. During the transition, the group agrees to have the restaurant\'s name changed from Lai Lai to "Tampopo". Pisken feels bad for being too drunk to tell his men to stay out of the fight, so he offers Goro another chance one on one. After the rematch ends in a draw, Pisken reveals he is a contractor, and offers to make over the shop\'s interior. Tampopo\'s latest effort still comes up short, so Pisken teaches her his own secret recipe. When the five men consume her latest creation down to the last drop, Tampopo knows she has won. . As customers fill her newly redecorated shop, the men file out one by one. The main narrative is interspersed with stories involving food on several levels. The primary subplot involves a young man in a white suit  and his lover , who find erotically inventive ways to use food. Other satirical vignettes involve a lowly worker who upstages his superiors by displaying his vast culinary knowledge while ordering at a gourmet French restaurant; a housewife who rises from her deathbed to cook one last meal for her family; and a women\'s etiquette class  on how to eat spaghetti properly. Another subplot involves a corner store clerk who has to deal with an older woman  obsessed with squeezing food. The clerk\'s scene segues into a restaurant involving an investment scam and the intended victim, who turns out to be a conman himself. The man in the white suit is shot several times by an unknown assailant, to his lover\'s horror.'] [' As evening falls, sassy tomboy cabby Corky  picks up hot-shot Hollywood executive Victoria Snelling  from the airport, and as Corky drives, Victoria tries to conduct business over the phone. Despite their extreme differences socially, the two develop a certain connection. Sometime during the ride Victoria, who is evidently a talent scout or casting director, discovers that Corky would be ideal for a part in a movie she is casting, but Corky rejects the offer, as she has plans to become a mechanic.  Helmut Grokenberger , a mild East German immigrant who was once a clown in his home country, now works in New York as a taxi driver. He picks up a passenger named YoYo , a brash, streetwise young man and attempts to drive him to Brooklyn. Helmut doesn\'t really know how to drive with an automatic transmission so he allows YoYo to drive. On their way, they pick up YoYo\'s argumentative sister-in-law Angela . The story revolves around Helmut\'s attempts to understand and become a part of the culture of New York.  A blind woman  goes for a ride at night with a driver . The driver asks his passenger what it\'s like to be blind and she attempts to explain to him, but their differences of life experience make things difficult. After he drops off his blind passenger, he feels fascinated by her and gazes in her direction. This inattention to driving causes him to crash into another car, whose driver angrily accuses him of being blind. An ironic twist at the end of the segment turns upon a French pun near the beginning of it: When the driver states his nationality as "Ivoirien," some other Africans mock him with the punning phrase "Y voit rien" .  In the wee morning hours, a very eccentric cabbie  picks up a priest . As he drives, he starts to confess his sins. Much to the priest\'s discomfort, he goes into great detail about how he discovered his sexuality first with a pumpkin and then with a sheep, then details a love affair he had with his brother\'s wife. The already-ailing priest is shocked by the lurid confession, and promptly has a fatal heart attack, leaving the cabbie with a very troubling situation.  After an evening spent drinking heavily, three workers, one of whom has just been laid off , climb into a cab to return home. On the way, the workers talk about what an awful fix their now-unconscious friend is in, by being out of work and having to face a divorce and a pregnant daughter. The driver, Mika , then tells them all the saddest story they have ever heard. The workers are terribly moved and depressed by the story, and even become unsympathetic toward their drunken, laid-off companion. As they arrive home, the sun is beginning to rise on a new day.'] ['Barjo  is eccentric, naive and obsessive. After he accidentally burns down his house during a "scientific" experiment, he moves in with his impulsive twin sister Fanfan , who is married to Charles "the Aluminum King" . In his new surroundings, Barjo continues his old habits: cataloging old science magazines, testing bizarre inventions and filling his notebooks with his observations about human behavior and his thoughts about the end of the world. Through Barjo\'s journals we see the development of conflict and sexual tension between Fanfan and Charles, and the descent of Charles into madness.'] ['Magazine publisher Van Stanhope  and his wife, Linda,  are celebrating their third wedding anniversary. They are very much in love and Van gives Linda a diamond bracelet. However, Van\'s secretary, the beautiful Helen "Whitey" Wilson , is thought by Van\'s mother to be a temptation to Van. Linda refuses to listen to all of her friends and Van\'s mother as she trusts Van. In truth, she has all the reason in the world to trust him, as his relationship with Whitey is strictly business. Meanwhile, Whitey\'s beau, Dave , is very uncomfortable about her relationship with Van as he calls one night while they\'re having dinner to ask that Whitey help him finish work at a party. When Dave asks Whitey to marry him, Whitey refuses, and buries herself further in her work. When Van has to be very secretive to buy J. D. Underwood\'s weekly, for fear that his rival will buy it instead, only Whitey is permitted to know, providing still more conflict between Van and his wife. When Van returns from his business meeting with Underwood, and tells Linda that he has been at the club all day, Linda discovers that he has not been at the club but rather has been out with Whitey, who was merely helping him prepare for his discussion with Underwood. At a skating party, Linda is too sick to skate, but hears from one of the wives there that Van and Whitey are most likely having an affair as Van and Whitey skate. When Linda and Van get into the car, they fight when Linda requests that Van have Whitey moved to another employer. Van refuses and Linda ignores him for the rest of the evening until she calls him back to make up. Van plans a trip for himself and Linda, but when he learns that Underwood is at a conference in Havana, changes his plans and won\'t permit Linda to accompany him while he works. Whitey learns of important information regarding the rival paper, which results in Van bringing her to Havana to close the deal. While celebrating the successful closing of the deal, they develop a drunken attraction to each other but do not consummate this attraction. When Linda calls, Whitey answers the phone, and she assumes they are having an affair. Van returns to New York only to have Linda ignoring him entirely and asking for a divorce. Lonely, he asks Whitey to accompany him to Bermuda as a friend, which she, having fallen in love with Van, agrees to. But realizing that Van will never love her as much as he loves Linda, she visits her on the boat that Linda has planned to take her to Europe. Whitey tells her to go back to Van, telling her that she would be a fool to let him go. After resistance, Linda meets him in his office and they make up. Whitey is then met by Dave where they make up as well.'] ['The film begins in 1783 with the Chevalier de Milletail  visiting the elderly Monsieur de Blayac , confined to his chair. He taunts him about his past prowess in wit and reminds him of how he humiliated him, naming him "Marquis de Clatterbang" when he fell over while dancing. He then urinates on the helpless old man. The film then shifts to the Dombes, a boggy region north of Lyon. The Baron Grégoire Ponceludon de Malavoy  is a minor aristocrat and engineer. He is one of the few aristocrats who care about the plight of the peasants. Horrified by the sickness and death caused by the mosquitoes that infest the swamps, he hopes to drain them; he goes to Versailles in the hope of obtaining the backing of King Louis XVI . Just before reaching Versailles, Ponceludon is robbed and beaten. He is found by the Marquis de Bellegarde , a minor noble and physician. As Ponceludon recuperates at the marquis\' house, Bellegarde takes him under his wing, teaching him about wit , the primary way to make one\'s way at court. At first, Ponceludon\'s provincial background makes him a target at parties and gatherings, even though he proves himself a formidable adversary in verbal sparring. At one such party, he catches L\'abbé de Vilecourt  cheating at a game of wits, with the help of his lover, Madame de Blayac , the beautiful and rich recent widow of Monsieur de Blayac, who was to have been Ponceludon\'s sponsor at court. Blayac repays his generosity in not exposing them by arranging for the certification of his lineage—thereby allowing his suit to proceed. Despite his success, Ponceludon begins to see that the court at Versailles is corrupt and hollow. The only exception is Mathilde de Bellegarde , the doctor\'s daughter. She has agreed to marry Monsieur de Montaliéri, a rich, old aristocrat whose wife is dying. Her motivation is twofold: to support her science experiments and to help pay off her father\'s debts. Ponceludon begins to help her with her experiments. Montaliéri observes their growing attraction to each other. Later, Montaliéri tells Ponceludon that he should wait, as he is not likely to live very long, and Mathilde would be a rich widow. Even after Mathilde admits that she dreads her upcoming marriage, Ponceludon does not want her to end up the wife of a poor man. One day, a deaf-mute named Paul runs through the woods wearing Mathilde’s diving suit and frightens Madame de Blayac. Blayac makes Bellegarde send him away. Bellegarde sends the boy to the Abbé de l\'Épée, a pioneering educator of the deaf. Mathilde visits Madame de Blayac and unsuccessfully pleads for Paul. Madame de Blayac senses a rival for Ponceludon. Meanwhile Vilecourt is concerned that Ponceludon is becoming too successful, so Madame de Blayac promises to bring him down. Madame de Blayac traps Ponceludon at a dinner party  where one too many guest has been invited. A contest of wit is used to settle who must make a humiliating departure. Distracted by Blayac, Ponceludon loses, and is convinced that his disgrace will force him to leave the court. However, he is reminded of why he set out in the first place when a village child dies from drinking contaminated water. During this time, Mathilde appears at court, breaking the terms of her engagement contract. Vilecourt finally obtains an audience with the King, but blunders by accidentally blaspheming God in an attempt to be witty, and Blayac turns her attention back to Ponceludon, convincing him to return to Versailles. He sleeps with her in exchange for her assistance; she arranges a meeting with the King. She maliciously has Bellegarde attend her in his capacity as physician when Ponceludon is still with her, ensuring that Mathilde learns of their relationship. During a presentation at court of the Abbé de l\'Épée\'s work with deaf people and development of sign language, the nobles ridicule the deaf mercilessly. However, some nobles change their minds when the deaf demonstrate their own form of wit: sign language puns. In response, de Bellegarde stands and asks how to sign "bravo," leading Ponceludon to rise and clap to show his support. Mathilde is touched, and they soon make up. Ponceludon joins the King\'s entourage and, after showing off his engineering prowess by proposing an improvement to a cannon, secures a private meeting with the King to discuss his project. The embarrassed cannoneer then insults Ponceludon, forcing him into demanding a duel. Madame de Blayac almost persuades him to avoid the duel, but he eventually decides to proceed, under the supervision of Bellegarde. He kills the cannoneer, but is later informed that the King cannot meet with someone who has killed one of his officers right after his death, although he is assured that it was right to uphold his honor. Madame de Blayac is furious when she learns that Ponceludon has left her for Mathilde and plots her revenge. Ponceludon is invited to a costume ball "only for wits." Upon arriving at the ball with Mathilde, he is maneuvered into dancing with Blayac and is tripped. His spectacular fall earns him the derisive nickname "Marquis des Antipodes" by Milletail. Ponceludon tears off his mask and condemns their decadence. He tells them that that they class themselves with Voltaire because of their wit, but they have none of Voltaire\'s compassion. He vows to drain the swamp by himself, and leaves the court with Mathilde. Madame de Blayac removes her mask and stands silently crying. The movie closes in Dover, England in 1794, where Bellegarde has fled from the French Revolution and where he gets a taste of the English “humour” which the nobles had discussed earlier in the film. On-screen text states that Grégoire and Mathilde Ponceludon successfully drained the Dombes and live in revolutionary France.'] ['Georgina  is a 22-year-old Londoner who has considerable musical talent, is well educated, and has an engaging if shameless manner. On the other hand, she believes herself to be plain, dresses haphazardly, and is incredibly naïve on the subjects of love and flirtation; she has never had a boyfriend. She has an inventive imagination and loves children. Her parents are the live-in employees of successful businessman James Leamington . Leamington is 49 and has a loveless, childless marriage with Ellen . He has watched with affection as "Georgy" grew up, and has treated her as if he were her second father.  As Georgy has become a young woman, however, it is apparent that Leamington\'s feelings for her have become more than fatherly. James offers Georgy a legal contract, proposing to supply her with the luxuries of life in return for her becoming his mistress. He also promises to provide for any "fruit of the union". Georgy sidesteps his proposal by never giving him a direct response; Leamington\'s business-like language and manner  leave her cold. Georgy\'s flatmate is her so-called best friend, the beautiful Meredith , who works as a violinist in an orchestra, but is otherwise a shallow woman who lives for her own hedonistic pleasures. She treats the meekly compliant Georgy like an unpaid servant. When Meredith discovers that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Jos Jones , they get married. She did not bother to tell him she had had two abortions before during their relationship. Jos moves in with the two young women. He becomes disillusioned with Meredith and begins to find himself attracted to Georgy . Jos and Georgy begin a secret affair, after Jos admits to seeing Meredith as their lodger and loving Georgy. Meredith gives birth to a daughter, whom they name Sara. Since she has no interest in the baby, and is tired of Jos, she announces that she plans to put the child up for adoption and divorce her husband. Georgy and Jos set up home together in the flat, caring for the baby and living as a married couple. It soon becomes clear that Georgy cares more for the baby than having an adult relationship with Jos, though he had already confessed to being pleased he had a daughter, believing boys need more from their fathers. The relationship ends when Jos realises he is of no real importance to Georgy and has tired of a father\'s responsibilities. Now that Georgy is the sole caregiver of a baby to whom she has no blood ties, Social Services wish to remove baby Sara from her care. In the meantime, Leamington\'s wife has died.  Leamington, who was unable to express his true feelings while his wife lived, now finds himself free to express his love for Georgy and proposes marriage. Georgy accepts because this will allow her to keep Sara. The two marry despite the difference in their backgrounds and ages. Exultant, joyful singing  proclaims that all is well now: "who needs a perfect lover when you\'re a mother at heart...better try to tell yourself that you\'ve got your way...now you\'ve got a future planned for you...at least he\'s a millionaire...you\'re rich, Georgy Girl." In the car as they leave the wedding, neither bride nor groom says a word. Georgy does not look at or pay attention to her new husband, focusing only on Sara.'] ["A female tax auditor, Ryōko Itakura, inspects the accounts of various Japanese companies, uncovering hidden incomes and recovering unpaid taxes. One day she persuades her boss to let her investigate the owner of a string of love hotels who seems to be avoiding tax, but after an investigation no evidence is found. During the investigation the inspector and the inspected owner, Hideki Gondō, develop an unspoken respect for each other. She is promoted to the post of government tax inspector. When the same case reappears she is again allowed to investigate. During a sophisticated series of raids against the hotel owner's interests, she accidentally comes across a hidden room containing vital incriminating evidence. On the same day, she helps Gondō with his relationship with his teenage son. Six months later the two meet again. The man is tired after daily interrogations. She tries to persuade him to surrender his last secrets for the sake of his son. After she declines an offer to live with him, he cuts his finger and writes the name of the secret bank account in blood on a handkerchief of hers that he saved from the first time she investigated him."] ['Butler Grosvenor  discovers at breakfast that the family silver has been stolen by the latest tramp, Ambrose, whom Emily Kilbourne  had taken under her wing as the chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family. A distressed Emily swears off taking in any more tramps to the delight of the rest of the family. However, later in the morning, a new dusty tramp Wade Rawlins  appears at the doorstep and is immediately adopted by Emily Kilbourne, despite the rude efforts of Grosvenor and Emily\'s daughters Geraldine "Jerry"  and Marion . Further attempts to convince Mrs. Kilborne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully ignored. The tramp, Rawlins , appointed as the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant\'s quarters. He is overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by the butler and suspected to be crazy. Jerry and Marion see the spruced up tramp looking the perfect gentleman and Jerry likes his later putting in place Jerry\'s arrogant wannabee boyfriend, Herbert Wheeler . They now have second thoughts when their father, Henry Kilbourne , who has returned from work tells Emily that he is putting his foot down and orders getting rid of the new tramp the next day. A comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at Jerry, follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues, resulting in Jerry falling in love with Wade. Marion also expresses a crush on Wade. The next day, Emily Kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of Wade, trains him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening for Senator Harlan . That evening through a contrived prank by Marion, the new chauffeur and now footman is accidentally invited to the important dinner party for Senator Harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter Minerva . The next morning, the family finds Wade occupying the guest room. It is impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a confidante of Senator Harlan and his daughter\'s target of affection. Jerry is consumed with jealousy, as she sees Minerva flirting with Wade at golf later that morning. After a fudge-making spat with Jerry, Wade takes the rest of the day off to settle his affairs. He has a strange interlude at a general store where the assistant George  thinks he is a ghost. Wade is nowhere to be found late in the evening when everyone has gone to bed, much to Jerry\'s dismay after waiting up to reconcile with him. The next morning at breakfast, the newspaper reports his death from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the family, the cook and the maid. After an epidemic of fainting seeing ghosts and pratfalls, Wade reappears, very much alive, to Jerry\'s immense relief.'] ["Royal Tenenbaum is explaining to his three children, Chas, Margot, and Richie, that he and his wife, Etheline, are separating. The scene then evolves into a short explanation of how each child experiences great success at a very young age. Chas is a math and business genius, from whom Royal steals money. Margot is adopted, and was awarded a grant for a play that she wrote in the ninth grade. Richie is a tennis prodigy and artist. He expresses his love for adopted sister Margot through many paintings. Royal takes him on regular outings, to which neither of the other children are invited. Eli Cash is the Tenenbaums' neighbor, and Richie's best friend. 22 years later, Royal is kicked out of the hotel he has been living in. Meanwhile, all of the Tenenbaum children are in a post-success slump. Richie is traveling the world in a cruise ship following a breakdown; he writes a letter to Eli saying that he is in love with Margot. Chas has become extremely overprotective of his two sons, Ari and Uzi, following his wife Rachael's death in a plane crash. Margot is married to neurologist Raleigh St. Clair, from whom she hides her smoking and her checkered past. Raleigh is conducting research on a subject named Dudley Heinsbergen. Etheline's accountant, Henry Sherman, proposes to her. Given the news that Etheline is considering marrying Henry, Royal devises a plan to convince Etheline that he has stomach cancer in order to win her and his children's affections back. He tells Etheline of his cancer, moves in, and sets up medical equipment in Richie's room. Etheline calls each of her children home. Royal learns of Chas' overprotective nature and decides to take his grandsons out on an adventure involving shoplifting and dog fighting. Upon their return, Chas berates him for endangering his boys. Royal accuses Chas of having a nervous breakdown. Eli, with whom Margot has been having an affair, tells her that Richie loves her. Royal discovers the affair and objects to Margot's treatment of Raleigh, who confides to Richie his suspicions of Margot. He and Richie then hire a private investigator to spy on her. Henry investigates Royal's cancer claim and discovers the hospital had closed years before, his doctor is fake, and that his cancer medication is just Tic Tacs. He then confronts Pagoda, and gathers the whole family to tell them what he's discovered; after which, Royal and Pagoda leave. Richie and Raleigh get the private eye's report on Margot, which reveals her history of smoking and sexual promiscuity. Upon hearing it, Raleigh only comments on her smoking but Richie takes the news much harder. He goes into the bathroom, shaves off his beard and most of his hair, and calmly slits his wrists. Dudley finds him in a pool of blood, and Raleigh rushes him to the hospital. Soon after, as the Tenenbaums sit in the waiting room, Raleigh confronts Margot before leaving. Later, Richie escapes the hospital and meets with Margot. They share with each other their secret love and kiss. Royal decides that he wants Etheline to be happy and has arranged for the two of them to be divorced. Before Henry and Etheline's wedding, Eli, high on mescaline, crashes his car into the side of the house, narrowly missing Ari and Uzi, whom Royal moves out of the way. Enraged, Chas chases Eli through the house; when he catches up to him, the two wrestle to the ground. Eli realizes that he needs serious help and Chas agrees that he needs help as well. Chas thanks Royal for saving his sons. Forty-eight hours later, Etheline and Henry are married in a judge's chambers. Time passes and Margot releases a new play based on her family. Raleigh publishes a book on Dudley's condition, Eli checks himself into rehab in North Dakota, and Richie starts a junior tennis program. Royal has a heart attack and dies, with Chas as the only witness. The family attends his funeral and leave together after the service."] ['The plot of the movie is based on Austen′s novel Pride and Prejudice. Some character names remain the same, while others are changed slightly, using localized names with similar pronunciation . Set in Amritsar, the story follows Lalita Bakshi, a young woman living with her doting father and helping him run the family farming enterprise; her mother, who is determined to marry off her daughters to respectable and wealthy men; and her three sisters, Jaya, Maya, and Lakhi. At a friend\'s wedding, Lalita meets Will Darcy, a handsome and wealthy American working in the family hotel business, who has arrived in Amritsar with his long-time friend, the barrister Balraj, and Balraj\'s sister Kiran. Events in the movie roughly parallel those in the novel, punctuated by "Bollywood" style song and dance numbers: Darcy resists his attraction to Lalita, who considers him conceited, arrogant, and intolerant toward India and Indian culture. At various parties and gatherings, Mrs Bakshi\'s mindless chatter, Maya\'s kitschy dancing, and Lakhi\'s uninhibited flirting astonish Darcy and his friends, and mortify Jaya and Lalita. Balraj and Jaya fall quickly in love, but misunderstandings and interference by others drag out their courtship. Lalita meets and is attracted to "Johnny Wickham," Darcy\'s former friend, and he validates her low opinion of Darcy. Mr Kholi, a rich, crass, clumsy, and ostentatious Americanized relative, proposes to Lalita; after she turns him down, her best friend Chandra agrees to marry him, much to Lalita\'s confusion and consternation. When the youngest sister Lakhi tries to run off with Wickham, Darcy and Lalita find the couple and separate them before he can ruin her life, as he almost did to Will\'s young sister Georgie. Ultimately, back in India for Jaya and Balraj\'s wedding, Darcy surprises and wins over Lalita by joining in the traditional drumming, showing that he is learning to appreciate Indian culture. The film ends with the double wedding of Jaya to Balraj and Lalita to Darcy, with the two couples riding on elephants down the streets of Amritsar.'] ["An engineer, on the way home from work at a construction site, takes a side trip for nostalgia's sake and meets an eccentric character who gives him perspective."] ['Phyllis Nefler is a Beverly Hills wife who is separated from her husband Fred, a well-off owner of a chain of auto shops. Fred feels Phyllis is a self-absorbed "shopaholic" who never follows through on her commitments. Phyllis decides to prove him wrong by applying to be the leader of her daughter Hannah\'s unruly, leaderless local troop of the Wilderness Girls . Phyllis is severely lacking in the skills found in most troop leaders. She resolves to teach the girls how to survive in "the wilds of Beverly Hills, " and to that end customizes new merit badges for her troop. Despite her unorthodox ways, Phyllis demonstrates an unwavering commitment to the girls\' well-being, acting as a surrogate mother and friend to many of the girls who are neglected by their own wealthy parents. She is unfailingly nice to everyone and demonstrates that she knows that friendship is far more important than money. Fred, who seems to have moved on and even has a new girlfriend, notices Phyllis\' newfound maturity and compliments her on it. Phyllis\'s unorthodox ways run afoul of another leader, Velda Plendor, a traditionalist who runs her troop, the Culver City "Red Feathers" , like a military unit, and has considerable pull at the regional council level. Velda revokes Phyllis\' customized merit badges and sends her assistant troop leader, Annie Herman, to Troop Beverly Hills to infiltrate it. Troop Beverly Hills, which is yet unrecognized by the regional council, can gain recognition by passing a series of tests at an upcoming Jamboree. In order to qualify for the Jamboree, the troop needs to sell cookies. Velda sabotages the cookie sales by having the Red Feathers sell cookies in Troop Beverly Hills\' own territory. Seeing this and realizing that the Red Feathers are mean-spirited cheaters who are not above resorting to dirty tricks to win at all costs, Annie Herman betrays Velda and joins Phyllis\' troop for real. Phyllis, unfazed, decides to beat Velda at her own game and devises a new plan to sell cookies - a series of star-studded events. It\'s a success, as the girls sell over 4,000 boxes of cookies, more than enough to qualify for the Jamboree, which is in the rough back country of California. Phyllis is then hit with a one-two punch: although Fred has separated from his new girlfriend, he wants to go ahead with the divorce and wants joint custody of Hannah; and Velda meanly tries to talk her out of attending the Jamboree, warning her that someone might get hurt. She sinks into a deep depression and finally decides to disband the troop, but the girls talk her out of it. During the Jamboree, the Red Feathers try to get ahead of Troop Beverly Hills by misdirecting them into a snake-infested swamp which causes the troop to lose vital radio contact with Annie, but a skunk scares Phyllis and the girls into running fast, indirectly making them first in the qualifying event. Velda takes charge of the Red Feathers herself in the final run by cutting down a rope bridge, but this also fails. However when Velda cheats by going into a restricted area used only for hunting, she wounds herself on a bear trap. The Red Feathers, especially Cleo, leave her behind for the sake of winning. Troop Beverly Hills finds her and reluctantly carries her to the finish, after being reminded by Phyllis about being considerate to all in need, even adversaries. The Red Feathers cross the finish line first, but they are disqualified because they did so without their leader. Although Cleo runs off with the trophy, Troop Beverly Hills is declared the winners of the Jamboree and are validated as true Wilderness Girls. Francis Temple, the regional leader, fires Velda from the Wilderness Girls Organization as Velda hurled insults at the councilwomen for recognizing Troop Beverly Hills. The girls\' families show up moments later very proud of them. Fred, impressed by Phyllis\' complete turnaround, decides to call off the divorce, and he and Phyllis reconnect. One year later, Troop Beverly Hills is seen as the Poster Troop, while Velda is shown with a very humiliating job at K-Mart announcing a "Blue Light Special" on cookies at Aisle 13.'] ['A local ruler bows down to the pressure from democratic forces and is forced to hand over a part of his province to a democratically elected leader. He also presents his pet dog to a poor peasant and his wife. For the poor peasant and his wife, the dog is not a mere dog, but a symbol of the royalty which had always inspired in them feelings of respect, admiration and blind worship. They bathe the dog in a very ceremonious manner and take much care of it. They even desist from tying it up. But when the dog bites and kills a duck and then a boy, it leads to problems. The democratic leader orders the arrest of the dog, followed by the arrest of the poor peasant. Then follow protests, talks, negotiations leading to more interesting developments.'] ['While driving through the fictional Beechum County, Alabama, NYU students and friends Billy Gambini  and Stan Rothenstein  accidentally neglect to pay for a can of tuna after stopping at a convenience store. After they leave the store, the clerk is shot and killed, and Billy and Stan, who match the descriptions of the murderers given by witnesses, are then pulled over and detained in connection with the murder. Due to circumstantial evidence and a series of miscommunications based on the boys’ assumption that they have merely been detained for shoplifting, Billy ends up being charged with murder, and Stan is charged as an accessory. The pair call Billy\'s mother, who tells her son that there is an attorney in the family, Billy\'s cousin, Vincent LaGuardia "Vinny" Gambini , who travels to Beechum County accompanied by his fiancée, Mona Lisa Vito . Unfortunately, although he is willing to take the case, Vinny is a personal injury lawyer from Brooklyn, New York, newly admitted to the bar  with no trial experience, who worked his way through law school as a mechanic. Although Vinny manages to fool the trial judge, Chamberlain Haller , about being experienced enough to take the case, his ignorance of basic court procedures and abrasive, disrespectful attitude towards the judge gets him into trouble immediately. Much to his clients\' consternation, Vinny does not cross-examine any of the witnesses in the probable cause hearing. As their claims go unquestioned, it appears that the district attorney, Jim Trotter III  has an airtight case that will inevitably lead to a conviction at the trial. After Vinny\'s poor showing at the hearing, Stan decides to fire him and use the public defender, John Gibbons , and nearly convinces Billy to do the same, but Vinny asks for one more chance to prove himself. The trial then opens with Vinny representing his cousin and the public defender representing Stan. Despite some further missteps, including wearing a gaudy secondhand tuxedo to court and sleeping through Trotter\'s opening statement, Vinny shows that he can make up for his ignorance and inexperience with an aggressive, perceptive questioning style. While the public defender is shown to have a debilitating stammer, Vinny quickly and comprehensively discredits the testimony of the first witness. Billy\'s faith is restored, and Stan develops newfound respect and confidence for Vinny, firing the public defender. Vinny\'s cross-examinations of the remaining eyewitnesses are similarly effective, but Trotter produces a surprise witness, George Wilbur, an FBI analyst who testifies that his chemical analysis of the tire marks left at the crime scene shows that they are identical to the tires on Billy\'s Buick Skylark. With only a brief recess to prepare his cross-examination and unable to come up with a particularly strong line of questions, Vinny becomes frustrated and lashes out at Lisa by taunting her about the usefulness of her wide-angle photographs of the tire tracks. She storms out, leaving Vinny alone. However, he soon realizes that that photo actually holds the key to the case: the flat and even tire marks going over the curb reveal that Billy\'s car could not have been used for the getaway, since Billy\'s Skylark does not have a suspension system that would do this. Since he cannot testify to this himself, Vinny needs Lisa, who is also a former mechanic, to do so. After requesting research from the local sheriff  Vinny drags Lisa into court. During Vinny\'s questioning, Lisa comes to the same conclusion regarding the tire marks and testifies accordingly. Vinny recalls the FBI analyst, who is forced to corroborate Lisa\'s testimony. Next, Vinny calls the local sheriff, who has run the records request. The sheriff testifies that two men resembling Billy and Stan were arrested driving a stolen Pontiac Tempest, a car very similar in appearance and color to Billy\'s Skylark, and in possession of a gun of the same caliber used to kill the clerk. Trotter then respectfully moves to dismiss all the charges. Throughout the film, Vinny and Judge Haller play a game of cat-and-mouse over Vinny\'s qualifications. Haller first discovers that, despite Vinny\'s claims that he tried "quite a few" murder cases, there exist no records of anybody named Vincent Gambini trying any case in New York State. Vinny then claims that he had his name changed during a previous career as a stage actor and continued to use the name when he opened a law practice. Vinny, believing that he should give the judge the name of someone with the kind of resume he claimed to have, supplies the name of a prominent New York attorney, Jerry Gallo. Unfortunately, Lisa later tells Vinny that Gallo died the previous week, and when Haller learns this, Vinny claims that Haller misheard "Gallo" when Vinny actually said "Callo". Finally, Lisa clears Vinny\'s standing by calling his mentor, Judge Malloy from New York, who responds to Haller\'s request by claiming that Jerry Callo has a long and impressive trial history. The film concludes with Haller apologizing for doubting Vinny and praising his skills as a litigator. Trotter also congratulates Vinny and wishes him well. Vinny tells Haller "and you\'re one hell of a judge" and shakes hands with Trotter. Vinny and Lisa then drive off together, bickering about their future wedding plans.'] ['Eight intellectual friends - four men and four women from the Department of History at the Université de Montréal - prepare to have dinner together. The ensuing conversations range from their professional lives to politics, but primarily concern their sexual exploits. The group has plans to gather at a secluded house for dinner. While the four men prepare the food and reflect on their promiscuity, the four women discuss their own affairs at a nearby gym. At the dinner table, conflicts soon arise when Dominique reveals that she herself has had affairs with two of the men there, one of whom is married to Louise .'] ['Julianne Potter , a 27-year-old New York restaurant critic, receives a call from her longtime friend Michael O\'Neil . In college, the two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the time they turned 28, they would marry each other. Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimberly Wallace , a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy family. Julianne is upset that Michael will marry someone so wrong for him, and someone he has known for such a short period of time. She realizes that she is in love with Michael, and heads to Chicago, intent on sabotaging his wedding. Soon after arriving she meets Kimberly, who asks her to be the maid of honor. This sets off a comical scenario in which Julianne must pretend to be the dutiful maid of honor while secretly scheming ways to prevent the wedding from happening. She engages in petty sabotage - for example, taking Kimberly and Michael to a karaoke bar after discovering that Kimberly is a terrible singer - and later asks her gay friend George Downes  to pretend they are engaged, hoping to make Michael jealous. When these tactics fail, George persuades Julianne to do the obvious: tell Michael she is in love with him. On the morning of the wedding, Michael gets Julianne alone and tells her that it\'ll be the last time they ever get to be alone. He expresses some skepticism in marrying Kim, explaining that he and Kim don\'t share a special song like he and Julianne do. Michael discreetly gives Julianne the invitation to tell him she\'s in love with him, but she lets the moment "pass her by". Michael starts singing their song as he grabs Julianne and holds her while they dance one last time. Afterwards, they take a walk and Julianne confesses her love to Michael, asks him to marry her instead, and passionately kisses him. Kimberly witnesses this and runs off, but Michael chases her. Julianne pursues him but finally realizes Michael loves Kimberly. She apologizes and explains that she kissed Michael unexpectedly, but he didn\'t kiss her back because he was in love with Kimberly. After the wedding Julianne tells Michael that he and Kimberly can use their special song until they find one of their own, essentially acting like a true best friend . Michael marries Kimberly, and Julianne wishes them well, consoled by her platonic friend George.'] ['Rafi  is a recently divorced, 37-year-old career woman from Manhattan who becomes romantically involved with David , a talented 23-year-old Jewish painter from the Upper West Side. Rafi shares all her secrets with her therapist Lisa  who, unbeknownst to Rafi, is David\'s mother. Lisa, supportive of Rafi\'s relationship with a younger man, discovers the connection and finds herself not only faced with the ethical and moral dilemma of counseling David\'s girlfriend, but also the reality that she feels differently about the relationship now that she knows her son is involved. Lisa consults her own therapist, and they decide that it is in the best interest of her patient Rafi for Lisa to continue treatment, as long as the relationship remains the "fling" it appears to be. However, Lisa soon realizes that the relationship is serious, and tells Rafi that she is David\'s mother. Feeling embarrassed and betrayed, Rafi ends her treatment with Lisa. Their differences causing problems between them, Rafi and David break up. A couple of weeks later, David is enjoying a night on the town with his best friend; he gets drunk and ends up sleeping with Sue, Rafi\'s friend from work. The same day, after bumping into each other at the supermarket and going back to David\'s place, David and Rafi start seeing each other again. They also try to make the relationship stronger by going to a Friday night dinner with David\'s family. The rift between Rafi and Lisa is patched up, although Rafi brings up the possibility of her and David having children, to which Lisa reacts strongly. A few days later, Rafi discovers that David had slept with Sue, and David and Rafi fight. After sulking for some time, David goes to seek Lisa\'s help as both his mother and as a therapist. She advises him to do what he can to keep the relationship, because it was through Rafi that Lisa was able to understand David\'s career as an artist. David goes back to Rafi to apologize and offer to give her a child because that is what she wants the most. Rafi realizes how deep David\'s love must be for him to make such a sacrifice. Ultimately, they both realize that love is not enough to keep a relationship going, and they break up. A year later, David and his friend are leaving a restaurant &mdash; the first restaurant where he and Rafi had a proper date. Going back to retrieve his forgotten hat, he spots Rafi but she does not see him; he gets his hat, rushes out the door, and hides. He defrosts the glass a bit to watch her, and she turns around and sees him. They share a smile before parting.'] ['In the wine-growing village of Montpaillard, the humorless gamekeeper Parju is determined to bring in the wily poacher Blaireau. One night, he is accidentally knocked out by Armand Fléchard, a young piano teacher, but is convinced the attacker was Blaireau and has him arrested. However, Blaireau knows how to take advantage of any situation, and what he makes of being arrested benefits the entire village, including Fléchard and his girlfriend, Arabella, the daughter of the local landowner.'] ['Fotoula "Toula" Portokalos  is going through an early midlife crisis. At thirty, she is the only woman in her family who has "failed". Her family expects her to "marry a Greek boy, make Greek babies, and feed everyone until the day she dies." Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family business, a restaurant, "Dancing Zorba\'s". In contrast to her "perfect" sister, Athena , Toula is frumpy and cynical. She fears she\'s doomed to be stuck with her life as it is. At the restaurant, she briefly sees Ian Miller, a handsome school teacher. This event, combined with an argument with her overly-patriotic father, Gus - who merely wants his daughter to marry and settle down rather than pursue a career - motivates her to begin taking computer classes at a local college. She also gets contact lenses, wears her hair curly, and begins to use makeup. Maria, her mother, and her aunt Voula  then contrive a way to get Gus to allow her to work at Voula\'s travel agency. Toula feels much better in her new job, especially when she notices Ian hanging around looking at her through the window. They finally introduce themselves and begin dating. Toula keeps the relationship secret from her family until some weeks later when Gus finds out. He throws a fit because Ian is not Greek and orders Toula to end the relationship, but Ian and Toula continue to see each other against Gus\'s wishes. Ian proposes marriage to her, she accepts. Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling his daughter has betrayed him, and Ian agrees to be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church and speak fluent Greek to be worthy of her family. As the year passes, the wedding planning hits snag after snag as Toula\'s numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere. Her father insists on inviting the entire church to the ceremony, her mother orders the invitations but misspells Ian\'s parents\' names, and Toula\'s cousin Nikki  orders tacky bridesmaids\' dresses. Toula is horrified to learn that her parents invited the entire family to what was meant to be a "quiet" dinner, and the Millers, not used to such cultural fervor, are overwhelmed. The wedding day dawns with liveliness and hysteria, but the traditional wedding itself goes without a hitch. Gus gives a speech accepting Ian and the Millers as family and buys the newlyweds a house right next door to him. An epilogue shows the new couple\'s life six years later in which they have a daughter, Paris, whom they raise in the Greek style, but Toula tells her she can marry anyone she wants when she grows up after she says she wants to go to Brownies instead of Greek school.'] ["Solange  is depressed: she's stopped smiling, she eats little, she says less. She has fainting fits. Her husband Raoul  seeks to save her by enlisting Stéphane , a stranger, to be her lover. Although he listens to Mozart and has every Pocket Book arranged in alphabetical order, Stéphane fails to cheer Solange. She knits. She does housework. Everyone, including their neighbor a vegetable vendor, agrees that she needs a child, yet she fails to get pregnant by either lover. The three take a job running a kids' summer camp where they meet Christian , the precocious 13-year-old son of the local factory manager. It is Christian who restores Solange to laughter."] ['After cynical New York advertising copywriter Roger Swanson  is dumped by his on-again/off-again girlfriend, Joyce  — who is also his boss — his painful workday is further complicated by the unexpected arrival of his 16-year-old nephew, Nick . After asking to spend the night at Roger\'s, Nick reveals that he has come to ask for help—in hopes of ditching his virginal status, Nick begs Roger for a lesson in the art of seduction. Embittered Roger then takes on the role of a nocturnal drill sergeant in an imaginary war between the sexes, starting Nick\'s training at an upscale singles bar. There they meet two beautiful women  who turn out to be less malleable than Roger expects. Although this first attempt to seduce women is unsuccessful, Nick chooses to continue the quest, which takes them to a party at Joyce\'s. There they find Joyce\'s secretary drunk and attempt to capitalize. Once in the bedroom Nick\'s conscience gets the better of him and he allows her to fall asleep untouched. With Roger spinning out of control and Nick\'s window of opportunity closing rapidly, they agree to go with the "Fail Safe" plan. This turns out to be an underground brothel. At the underground location Roger finds he cannot let Nick lose his virginity in such an emotionally barren atmosphere, and drags him back to his apartment to sleep things off. Roger has failed to introduce his nephew to the mysteries of the world, but has perhaps gained a glimmer of a conscience. Nick travels back to Ohio but Roger shows up unexpectedly to tutor Nick and his classmates on their home turf, bonding with the younger men in a more potent way in an atmosphere populated by adolescent peers. At the closing, it is left open which way Nick will go.'] ['Difficulties overtake a well-to-do family in New York when they lose all their money in the Great Crash of 1929.'] ['Sandy and Jonathan are roommates at Amherst College whose lives are explored and seem to offer a contrast to one another. Spanning a 25-year period, from their college years in the mid-1940s to middle aged adulthood in the early 1970s, the film explores their relationships with various women, Susan, Bobbie, Jennifer, Cindy, and Louise.'] ['In the year 1890, the honorable Judge William Priest enforces justice in an old Kentucky town. The film begins with the comedic trial of Jeff Poindexter. Jeff Poindexter, a black man, has been accused of stealing chickens. Although Judge Priest is presiding, he is reading a newspaper while Senator Horace Maydew argues the plaintiff’s case. In fact, no one, but Senator Maydew, seems to care about the case. Jeff Poindexter sleeps through Senator Maydew’s testimony. After Senator Maydew is finished with his argument, Judge Priest asks the sheriff to wake up Jeff Poindexter. When Jeff reveals he got his name from Major Randolph Poindexter, Judge Priest and the other confederate veterans in attendance become very excited. They praise Major Poindexter’s ability to lick the Yankees. While the confederate veterans reminisce over the civil war, Senator Maydew complains that such history has nothing to do with the case. Judge Priest says it is relevant because Major Poindexter would often steal Yankee chickens. Next, Jeff reveals he was only trying to fish for catfish. Judge Priest, a fishing enthusiast himself, has a discussion with Jeff about his fishing. After the trial, Jeff lives with Judge Priest. Judge Priest is sitting on his porch when his nephew, Rome, returns from a law school up north. Rome discovers his lover, Elli May, has found another man. Rome’s mom, Caroline, is happy that Rome will not be intermingling with Elli May, a girl Caroline believes is not fit for a Priest. Caroline does not like Elli May because her mother is penniless and her father absent. Judge Priest, who desperately wants to see Elli May and Rome together, counters Caroline by saying that the Priest family has never stood for intolerance. That evening Elli May has her new lover, the Barber Flem Talley, over for lemonade. Flem Talley had been drinking before he arrived at Elli May’s house. Elli May is not happy with Flem. Judge Priest, who had been observing Elli May and Flem from his porch next door, devises a plan to scare Flem away. After Elli May goes inside to prepare some lemonade, leaving Flem on the porch alone, Judge Priest hides behind a hedge and plays out a monologue. He pretends to be gossiping with another person about a gang of men with shotguns coming to get Flem Talley. In his monologue, the Judge confesses that he can do nothing until after the gang has committed murder, but then he will make sure the gang gets the justice they deserve. Of course, there was no gang, but the Judge successfully succeeds in scaring Flem. Flem gets in his buggy and leaves in a hurry. Judge Priest sends Rome, who was unaware of the Judge’s actions to scare Flem, over to Elli May’s house. Rome arrives on Elly May’s porch just as Elly May comes out with the lemonade she had prepared. That night Judge Priest goes out to sit next to his deceased wife’s tombstone. She died in 1871, nineteen years before the film takes place. Nonetheless, Judge Priest shows no interest in remarrying. While Judge Priest sits next to his wife’s tombstone he reveals that Senator Maydew has his eye on taking Judge Priest’s spot on the bench. Judge Priest watches, unobserved, as Bob Gillus places flowers next to Elli May’s mother’s tombstone. Judge Priest is confused, but he does not contemplate it further. The next morning Judge Priest goes into town. Confederate veteran Jimmy tells Judge Priest he is cleaning his gun because one never knows what the Yankees are going to do. When Judge Priest talks to Bob Gillus about getting new horseshoes, Judge Priest notices Bob has a bullet scar on his arm. When Judge Priest brings up the bullet scar, Bob refuses to elaborate beyond receiving it up north after the civil war. Judge Priest leaves town to go catfish fishing with Jeff. Judge Priest asks Jeff to prepare the beef liver bait. Upon finding no more beef liver bait, Jeff explains, “Looks like that liver done walk off by itself.” Judge Priest, just slightly irritated, sends Jeff to get more bait. Jeff throws his shoes over his shoulder and walks toward town. Judge Priest asks him why he does not put on his shoes. Jeff replies, “I’m saving them for when my feet wear out.” “As much sitting around as you do it won’t be your feet that wear out,” responds Judge Priest. Jeff and Judge Priest return home to prepare for the Church Ice Cream Festival and Candy Pull. Judge Priest tells Jeff he is not allowed to wear his nice raccoon coat. Jeff says it is rabbit fur. Judge Priest explains to Jeff that it is raccoon fur because he took it from a rich Yankee. At the Church the Black women are busy preparing the taffy. The Black women happily sing songs about Jesus as they work. Judge Priest runs into Reverend Brand upon entering the churchyard. Reverend Brand scolds Judge Priest for not coming to church enough. Although Senator Maydew attends church every Sunday, Reverend Brand clearly favors Judge Priest for the judge’s bench. Judge Priest confesses to Reverend Brand he does not have the grammar or rhetoric that Senator Maydew possesses. Meanwhile, Senator Maydew tells church members that he will not make the race about personalities. Of course, by stating this, Senator Maydew is making it clear he believes Judge Priest’s personality is not fit for the job of judge. When the candy pull begins, Rome’s mom, Caroline, pairs Rome with Virginia Maydew. Virginia is the Senator’s daughter. Caroline feels that Virginia is well suited for Rome because she is from an affluent family. Rome, on the other hand, would rather be paired with Elli May. Judge Priest rescues Rome. Judge Priest tells Rome and Virginia he will take Rome’s place while he gets more butter. Rome, realizing his Uncle has come to relieve him, leaves the Candy Pull with Elli May. Later in the week, Judge Priest goes to get a haircut from barber Flem Talley. While the Judge is receiving his haircut, Elli May strolls by. Flem whistles loudly at her. Bob Gillus, who had been waiting for his haircut, stands up and punches Flem in the face. Judge Priest applauds Bob Gillus for his behavior. Flem and his friends plan their revenge. They hide in the billiard room of the local bar. They plan on ambushing Bob Gillus with their pool cues. When Bob Gillus gets ambushed he pulls a knife on Flem, who flees the scene. Gillus is arrested on assault charges and hires Rome to defend him in court. Rome is ecstatic because Bob is his first client. Caroline, on the other hand, is not happy that her son is defending an outcast northerner over a fight with a girl. Elli May, the girl who Bob stood up for, tells Caroline that she knows Caroline does not believe she is good enough for her son. “However,” Elli May says, “If Rome were half as mean as you, Rome would not be good enough for me.” In court, Senator Maydew, who represents Flem, asks Judge Priest to step down from the bench because of his nephew’s participation in the case as well as the Judge’s direct involvement at the barbershop. Judge Priest obliges and appoints the honorable Floyd Bailey to serve as Judge. On the first day of testimony Rome is unable to convince the jury that Bob is innocent. The jury consists of Confederate veterans who show no sympathy for someone from up north. After one day of deliberation all that remains is closing arguments. That evening, Reverend Brand tells Judge Priest that Bob Gillus is Elli May’s father. Judge Priest realizes that this changes the whole nature of the case. In order to reopen the case, Judge Priest offers his raccoon coat to Jeff for delivering a letter of evidence to Senator Maydew. Judge Priest asks Jeff to play his drums outside the courtroom to dramatize Reverend Brand’s testimony. Jeff says he can play the popular Union song Marching Through Georgia. Judge Priest tells Jeff, “I got you outta one lynching, if I catch you playing Marching Through Georgia I’ll join the lynchers.” The next morning Judge Priest and Rome represent Bob Gillus together. They bring Reverend Brand up to the witness stand. Reverend Brand tells the jury that he served as a captain of artillery for the Southern Confederacy. Reverend Brand recounts how, in desperation for more soldiers, he took men off the chain gang. One of these men was Bob Gillus. Reverend Brand explains, to the pleasure of the jury of Confederate veterans, how brave Bob was as he fought for the confederates. While Reverend Brand recounts stories of Bob running through Union lines, Jeff and his black friends play celebratory music outside an open courthouse window. Finally, Reverend Brand reveals that he knew Bob Gillus 25 years ago as Roger Gillespiere. Bob Gillus, Reverend Brand tells the jury, is Elli May Gillespiere’s father. Elli Mae, who was in attendance, is shocked to hear this. The jury began celebrating their war hero, Bob Gillus. Later that day, the town held its annual veteran’s parade. Bob Gillus had the honor of leading the parade.'] ['May-Alice Culhane, a New York daytime soap opera actress, is left paralyzed after an accident on her way to getting her legs waxed, which she finds ironic. As the film opens, she lies in a hospital bed, confused and scared, watching her own show on TV and shrieking, "That was supposed to be my close-up!" With no other options, she returns to her family\'s old and empty home in Louisiana, where she drinks hard, offends every caregiver and wallows in self-pity. Her outlook begins to change with the arrival of Chantelle, a nurse with her own life problems. The two gradually find a heartfelt connection with each other, and as a result, their lives subtly change.'] ['Elle Woods  wants her Chihuahua, Bruiser, to reunite with his mother, because she would like Bruiser\'s mom to attend Elle and Emmett\'s wedding. Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser\'s mother, only to discover that the company that has her dog\'s mother is a Stripper company that uses Bruiser\'s mother for "testing". She finds out that her law firm represents the C\'est Magnifique Corporation. Elle decides to leave Boston, where she and Bruiser have settled with her fiancé Emmett, and go to Washington, D.C. to work on Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle is upset that her dog\'s mother is in a make-up testing laboratory, and decides to take it upon herself to be the "voice for those who can\'t speak" and to outlaw animal testing. While working for Congresswoman Victoria Rudd , Elle is met with skepticism and other barriers common to Washington politics. Rudd\'s member of staff, Timothy, sarcastically calls her "Capitol Barbie".  After a variety of ups and downs including a failed attempt to improve her work environment by having her co-workers write compliments about one another and place them in the "snap cup", Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics. As the story moves along, Elle discovers that Bruiser is actually gay, after she is paged by "The Paws that Refreshes: A Doggy Day Spa." Bruiser has been affectionate with Leslie, a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks , the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce which has jurisdiction over Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also finds that Congresswoman Libby Hauser , the Ranking Member of the same committee, was a member of Delta Nu . As a result, both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also discovers that Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working against her. Rudd has been doing so in an effort to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named "Bob" . However, Rudd is eventually blackmailed into supporting Elle\'s petition, because Rudd\'s Chief of Staff, Grace Rossiter  eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser\'s Bill in order to help Rudd\'s sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals. As Grace is appalled that Rudd lied to Elle and blamed it on her, Grace and Elle eventually reach a place of mutual respect, especially after Grace admits she came to Washington D.C. with an enthusiasm not unlike Elle\'s, but later lost that idealism when she discovered how dirty politics could really be. With the help of her friends, Elle\'s petition is successful, and Bruiser\'s Bill is brought to the floor of the House. Elle and Emmett get married in a park in D.C., albeit not at Fenway Park as they had planned, but standing on the home plate which has been delivered to D.C. by the UPS Guy ([[Bruce Thomas . In the final scene of the movie, when Emmett asks where to live, Elle says, "Oh, I think I know just the place," as they are driving by the White House.'] ['In Saint-Juire-Champgillon, a village in Vendée, a young socialist mayor decides to build a media library.'] ['In the prologue, a young Max Skinner spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry\'s vineyard estate in Provence in southeastern France. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical, aggressive, hard-working London-based investment trader. Following his uncle\'s death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property. He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale. Shortly after arriving he knocks a local cafe owner, named Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving. Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has landed him in hot water with the UK government and with his firm\'s directors, necessitating his return to London. To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week. On Henry\'s estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines. Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless. In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry\'s previously unknown illegitimate daughter. Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate. Worried about being usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London , Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, which gets him fired. Max becomes enamored with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumored to have sworn off men. He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves Max the next morning expecting him to return to his life in London. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on and the estate is sold. Max returns to his life in London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers Max a choice: "Money or your life." He must either choose a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or accept the offer of a partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". Max chooses the money. He then cleverly invalidates the estate\'s contract of sale by forging a letter from Henry  confirming that Christie is his daughter and also has a valid claim on the property. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. Christie also returns and she and Francis now jointly have to run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production. Meanwhile Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.'] ["Set against the backdrop of the Cold War early 1980s prior to the perestroika years of the later 80s, Vladimir Ivanov , a saxophonist with the Moscow circus, lives in a crowded apartment with his extended family. He sucks up to the apparatchik assigned to the circus, standing in line for hours to buy shoes to obtain his favor. He cruises the streets, scrounging for black market gasoline for his friend's car. He buffers between his crazy grandfather and the KGB, who want to arrest him for shouting anti-Soviet slogans out the window. As a rare treat, the circus troupe is sent to perform in New York City. Ivanov's clown friend, Anatoly , who has talked of little else but defecting, is intimidated into canceling his plan, and Vladimir, who had opposed the scheme as reckless and foolhardy suddenly decides to do it. He runs from his Soviet controllers, and hides behind a perfume counter at Bloomingdale's, where he originally met the clerk, Lucia Lomardo . When local police arrive, Ivanov stands up to his controllers and defects in what later becomes a newsworthy spectacle. With the help of sympathetic Orlando Ramirez , a naturalized citizen from Cuba and attorney who witnessed Ivanov's defection, Ivanov tries adapting to living in America. Ivanov attempts to find work despite speaking very little English and fearing the threat of his former countrymen. Aside from living in poor neighborhoods and taking low-paying jobs, he becomes friends with Lionel Witherspoon ([[Cleavant Derricks , a security guard who helped him at Bloomingdale's, and starts a relationship with Lucia. However, after Ivanov's romance with Lucia ends, Lionel decides to move back to Alabama to see his young son, and Vladimir learns that his beloved grandfather back home has died. Grieving, Ivanov goes to a Russian nightclub to ease his mind. He later walks back to his apartment building drunk, only to be mugged by two young men. He later reports the incident to the police with Orlando present and the two go to a diner where Ivanov rants about his misfortunes. A nearby Russian immigrant overhears the conversation, and interrupts Ivanov to disagree, leading the two into a tense confrontation that is settled after Ivanov realizes his fortunes of living in America. Soon after, Lucia reunites with Vladimir and Lionel moves back from Alabama. In the end, Vladimir gets a job as a saxophonist in a wedding band, with time to play the music he loves during the day. He encounters the former apparatchik operating a hot dog stand, having lost his status back in the Soviet Union after Ivanov's defection. Ironically, the apparatchik is grateful to see Ivan and gives him a hot dog for free, showing his appreciation for the life he now has in America."] ['Five years after the first film, Crown Princess of Genovia Amelia "Mia" Thermopolis  has just graduated from Princeton University\'s Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard Joe  and beloved cat Fat Louie. There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse , abdicates from the throne. During Mia\'s 21st birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of seeking a husband. She happens to meet a handsome young gentleman  by accidentally stepping on his foot. After saving her from a dysfunctional dance, the charming man introduces himself as Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia\'s tiara falls off and is caught by Parliament member Viscount Mabrey  who secretly plans to steal Mia\'s crown. The next morning while Parliament is in-session, Mia explores the castle. She stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in on Parliament\'s session. Viscount Mabrey reveals that his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse\'s objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the next 30 days. Clarisse invites Lord Deveraux to stay at the palace, stating that if any mischief goes on she will want to know about it. Mia is shocked to discover Nicholas is the man with whom she flirted with at the ball. Enraged, she stomps on his foot, this time on purpose. Clarisse confronts Mia demanding an explanation for her behavior and she confesses her and Nicholas\' history. Clarisse says that as her Queen, she cannot condone Mia\'s behavior, but as her grandmother she completely agrees. Mia\'s best friend Lilly Moscovitz  surprises her and comes to Genovia. Together, they pick through all potential husbands, including  Prince William. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby , Duke of Kenilworth and days later they are engaged. Mabrey plans to dissolve the engagement by instructing Nicholas to pursue a romance with Mia, which he willingly does. For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle but does not know how. Queen Clarisse puts this worry to rest by presenting a wooden leg decoy to make her seem she is riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia\'s horse with a rubber snake and Joe rushes to Mia\'s aide, but accidentally tears off the leg which lands on the ground. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas finds her and tries to comfort her, which Mia misconstrues as an insult. Later, at a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia\'s relationship with Andrew. Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting that she is not in love with him. Angered, she follows him to argue but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells the soaked Mia that her behaviour with Nicholas needs to stop. During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys picking on a little girl. She abruptly halts the parade, and goes to comfort the girl, while the boys who run off. Learning that the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade. Everyone, especially Nicholas, is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey is disgusted at what he sees as a political maneouver. Mia later decides to build a temporary children\'s centre at one of the royal palaces with the help of Parliament member Lord Crawley  and his architect twin brother, Dean . That night, Mia has her bridal sleepover party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana , one of Mia\'s good friends. Nicholas begins to have second thoughts on sabotaging Mia in order to become King. Mabrey realizes that Nicholas has fallen in love with her, but Nicholas says that Mia will never have feelings for him. Mabrey claims to only want Nicholas\' happiness. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practising her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the target, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard. That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia\'s window and asks her to come down. Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia climbs down the vine. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance and eventually fall asleep in each other\'s arms. The next morning, they awaken to a find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up and angrily storms off. By the time she gets back to the palace, their scandalous footage is broadcast on Genovian breakfast television. Andrew is disappointed but tells Mia he still thinks their marriage could work. Hopefully, he kisses Mia and asks her if she felt anything to the kiss which she says no. They realize they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding because Andrew said he would marry Mia and that a gentleman never breaks his promise. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia\'s mother Helen  comes with her new husband Patrick  and their newborn son Trevor. Paulo  arrives promptly to do Mia\'s hair. Right before leaving for the wedding, Nicholas debates on whether he should attend, and Mabrey ends up leaving without him. Their surly housekeeper Gretchen, informs Nicholas that it was Mabrey who engineered their televised scandal. Nicholas rushes to the church, first on his grandfather\'s old penny-farthing bicycle before getting a horse from a local farmer. Moments before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas did not set her up. As she walks down the aisle, Mia finds it difficult to go through with the marriage and rushes outside to catch her breath. Queen Clarisse follows and encourages her to not make the same mistake she made about giving up on true love. Mia reenters the church to break it off with a relieved Andrew and she addresses the attending members of Parliament. Mabrey stands up and, citing the nation\'s law, once again suggests that Nicholas be named monarch, only to be interrupted by Nicholas saying he refuses the crown. Mia proposes that the law on royal marriages be abolished, and Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Mia tells her grandmother to have her own happy ending. Joe says that since the guests came to see someone get married, he proposes to Clarisse, and they are promptly married by the Archbishop. About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they kiss. The next day, Mia is crowned "Amelia Migonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia", with all in attendance in the royal palace. An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of which is Charlotte. Queen Mia officially opens the children\'s home as she had planned to.'] ["On the eve of his wedding, on holiday on the Lake Annecy shore, a career diplomat accidentally meets an old acquaintance, perhaps a former lover. Through her he meets an intense teenager, Laura, and then lusts after her sister, Claire. Whilst Laura attempts to flirt with him, his fantasy becomes focused on wanting to caress Claire's knee."] ['Boris Yelnikoff  is a misanthropic chess teacher and former Columbia professor. Divorced, he eschews human contact except for his friends  and students, criticizing everyone he meets for not matching him intellectually. Boris comes home one night to find Melodie , a simpleminded 21-year-old, lying on his doorstep. He reluctantly lets her in for a meal and soon she tells him her story. She turns out to be of a distinctly southern background, having been born to fundamentalist parents in Mississipi and ran away from them. She asks if she can stay the night, which Boris eventually allows, and she stays with him while she\'s looking for a job. Melodie develops a crush on Boris despite their age difference and their varying cultures and intelligence. Melodie finds a job as a dog walker while still living with Boris. Out on the job, she meets Perry  and they arrange a date. When she comes back home, she explains to Boris that she didn\'t like Perry because he loved everything in the world too much. Boris realizes that he loves her and they get married. After a year passes, her mother Marietta  finds Melodie, explaining that she and her husband John  thought Melodie had been kidnapped. She goes on to tell her that John left her and sold their house after John lost money in the stock market. She meets Boris and is disappointed with him, so she tries to convince Melodie to end her marriage. The three go for lunch at a restaurant and meet Boris\' friend, Leo . As Marietta goes to use the restroom, Randy James  inquires about Melodie. Marietta slyly decides to recruit him to end Melodie\'s marriage. Later that evening, Leo, who had taken an interest in Marietta, asks her over for dinner. They spend the evening together, and they both discover that she is a wonderful photographer and he even makes plans to contract her professionally. Boris explains to the audience that the next few weeks, Marietta changed and started experimenting in artistic photography, exotic new habits, and having a polyamorous relationship with Leo and his business partner, Morgenstern . Marietta still hates Boris and continues to arrange for Melodie to marry Randy. She takes her to an outdoor craft market and "accidentally" runs into Randy, who questions her about her marriage. Later shopping for clothes, Melodie meets Randy in another planned encounter with her and gets her to admit that her relationship with Boris is not entirely satisfying. He invites her to the boat he lives on, and the two end up kissing and beginning an affair. John arrives at Boris and Melodie\'s home full of regret and hopes to get the family back together. They all go to Marietta\'s photography exhibit opening together, and he sees how his ex-wife has changed since she moved to New York. Distraught, he retreats to a bar, drinking away his misery. While there, he meets a recently divorced gay man named Howard , and realizes that he is also gay. Melodie tells Boris she is in love with Randy. Boris is disheartened by this and jumps out a window again, but this time lands on Helena  breaking her arm and leg. As he visits her in the hospital, he asks her if there is anything he can do to make up with her, and Helena says she would like to go to dinner with Boris. Finally, Boris hosts a New Year\'s Eve party, at which everyone is seen in their new relationships: Marietta with Leo and Morgenstern, John with Howard, Melodie with Randy, and finally Boris with Helena. Melodie and her parents had, each one separately, completely shed their former southern conservative mindsets and wholeheartedly adopted the liberal New York way of life and values. . They are now all the best of friends, and at midnight heralding a new year they kiss and Boris tells the audience that you just have to find all the enjoyment that you can, that you have to find "whatever works."'] ['Bourgeois Parisian, Latin Quarter bookseller, Edouard Lestingois, , rescues a tramp, Boudu, from a suicidal plunge into the river Seine, from the Pont des Arts. Boudu is brought into Lestingois\' household. The family adopts the man and dedicates itself to reforming him into a proper middle class person. Boudu  shows his gratitude by shaking the household to its foundations, challenging the hidebound manners of his hosts and seduces not only the housemaid but also Madame Lestingois herself. Gradually Boudu is tamed, shaved and given a haircut, and put in a suit. Then he wins a large sum of money on the lottery, and is guided into marrying the housemaid. Finally however, at the wedding scene, Boudu capsizes a rowing boat and floats away from the wedding party, and "back to his old vagrancy, a free spirit once more." Richard Boston Boudu Saved from Drowning, London: BFI , 1994, p.10 ISBN 0-85170-467-0'] ["Reena is a young Indian American lesbian who lives and works in New York. Her sister Sarita, who is happily married, discovers that she is infertile. Reena offers to be a surrogate mother for her sister's baby, hoping to improve her relationship with their mother, who disapproves of Reena's sexual orientation. Sarita and her husband accept Reena's offer but Sarita begins to have second thoughts. After Reena becomes pregnant, her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa suffers. When the baby is born, Reena and Lisa are reunited, as are Reena's family.{{cite book}}"] ["The film stars Kenneth Branagh as Peter McGowan, a chain-smoking, impotent, insomniac playwright who lives in Los Angeles. Once very successful, he is now in the tenth year of a decade-long string of production failures. His latest play is in the hands of effeminate director Brian Sellars , who is obsessed with Petula Clark; his wife Melanie ([[Robin Wright  is determined to have a baby; he finds himself bonding with a new neighbor's lonely young daughter  who has mild cerebral palsy; and during one of his middle-of-the-night strolls, he encounters his oddball doppelgänger  who claims to be Peter McGowan and develops a friendship of sorts with him."] ["The Utopian Society is about a group of college students who are put together by their professor to complete a final project: create a utopian society. Like most college students, they’ve waited until the night before it is due to start working on it. They each come from different backgrounds and have pre-existing assumptions about the others, causing them to want to spend as little time working with each other as possible. But since they have waited until the last minute to start working, they are forced to cram an entire semester's work into one night, whether they like it or not.Official web page"] ["When 17-year-old Jane Broadbent comes to London to live with her wealthy father Jimmy Broadbent, her stepmother Sheila feels compelled by her social aspirations to introduce her to society. Jane is bored by the debutante balls she attends and the young men she is introduced to, but becomes interested in a drummer named David Parkson, who has a reputation for leading young women astray. To complicate matters, David Fenner relentlessly pursues Jane, even though she openly detests him. As it turns out, Parkson's reputation is undeserved, but Sheila is convinced otherwise, and she tries to keep him away from Jane. Sheila's garrulous friend Mabel interferes with Sheila's attempts to separate the two in order to secure David Fenner for her own daughter, Clarissa. Fortunately for Jane and David, Sheila's plans fail miserably. The two young people fall in love with each other, and David Parkson proposes to Jane. He also inherits an Italian title of nobility, satisfying Sheila's concerns for Jane's social status."] ["Harvey Fairchild is a wealthy, Malibu-based architect who is turning 60 and suffering from a form of male menopause. He feels aches and pains, real or imaginary, and seems unhappy with his professional and personal life. Harvey's patient wife Gillian tries to cheer him with family get-togethers and an elaborately planned birthday party. But she secretly has worries of her own, a throat condition that could result in the loss of her voice. Whining his way through day after day, Harvey snaps at his pregnant daughter Megan and makes rude remarks to his actor son Josh. He tries going to a priest, only to discover that the man to whom he is confessing is an old rival from their college years at Notre Dame. He also consults a local psychic, Madame Carrie, sex with whom leaves Harvey with a venereal disease. The miserable Harvey is furious with a client named Janice Kern who can't stop revising her plans for a magnificent house Harvey has been building, but he has meaningless sex with her as well. Gillian bravely hides her cancer fear from the family, but finally, overcome with emotion, she confides in her friend and neighbor, Holly. Harvey threatens to spoil the birthday party for everybody. He is in such a foul mood that just because a friend named Belmont tells him a depressing story about an illness, he amuses himself by introducing Belmont to the VD-infected psychic. Gillian warns her husband that he is going to lose everything if he continues to behave this way. During his party, Gillian's doctor arrives to inform her that the biopsy test results are negative and she is going to be all right. She takes Harvey aside to let him know just how precious life really can be."] ['Shy loner Evie  hears musician Drumstrings Casey  on the radio one night and becomes infatuated with him. She pursues him, carving his name  in her forehead with broken glass, and eventually they meet and then marry. They both still struggle to make something of their lives.'] ['The film consists of three autobiographical chapters  of an open diary—that of film director and film producer Nanni Moretti.  The first episode follows the director/protagonist riding a Vespa through the neighbourhoods of a summery and half-deserted Rome. Shots of landscape, architecture, and beautiful monuments accompany his thoughts, which range from critiques of Hollywood cinema , to critiques of banalization of the Italian cinema, to a chance meeting with Jennifer Beals, to sociology and urbanism. The episode ends at Ostia, close to the place where Pier Paolo Pasolini was killed.  The second episode cuts to Moretti escaping from the frenzy of city life on a journey through the Aeolian Islands. Travelling by ferry, his first stop is Lipari where he visits his friend Gerardo , a scholar studying James Joyce\'s Ulysses who had moved to the island eleven years earlier. He retires to study on the lost island where he can\'t even receive the television signal. But he is unable to find the tranquillity he desires, due to the number of tourists. So Nanni, accompanied by Gerardo, moves to Salina Island. The two are welcomed by a couple, friends of Gerardo, who seem incapable of managing the education of an extremely over-indulged child.  Gerardo lets himself be influenced by the boy, who spends hours in front of the television, and discovers soap opera. Gradually Gerardo becomes entirely dependent upon the genre. Nanni, now even more exasperated, decides to move, still accompanied by Gerardo, to the island of Stromboli, but even this choice proves unfortunate: the two now have to deal with a megalomaniac mayor who wants to involve them in the most odd projects. While visiting the volcano Gerardo becomes still more gripped by the soap operas, to the point of asking American tourists what happens in the episodes of The Bold and the Beautiful, which haven\'t been broadcast in Italy yet. Disgruntled by the latest failure Nanni decides to move on the island of Alicudi, the least civilized of all, lacking water and electricity. At last Nanni seems satisfied with the accommodation, but Gerardo is impelled to escape from the island as soon as he realizes he cannot follow his favourite soap opera there.  The final episode narrates the difficult diagnosis of a disease that affected Moretti in real life and has the symptoms of persistent itching and disturbing insomnia. Nanni goes through a load of doctors and specialists who, between superficiality and false knowledge, suggest the most bizarre diagnoses. His desperation is such that he also tries alternate treatments, like Acupuncture. After having tried them all, another doctor suggests an X-ray after noticing his developing cough. This X-ray reveals a mass on the lung which after a biopsy he is diagnosed as suffering from a malignant, but treatable lymphatic system tumour. The illness symptoms, which Nanni found in a medical encyclopedia, are those he declared to the "deaf" doctors. The episode concludes with a bitter and sarcastic toast alla salute! , accompanied by a glass of water.'] ['Misfit Captain Fisby  is sent to Americanize the village of Tobiki on Okinawa, the largest of the Ryukyu Islands. His commanding officer, Colonel Wainwright Purdy III , assigns him a wily local, Sakini , to act as interpreter. Fisby tries to implement the military\'s plans, by encouraging the villagers to build a school in the shape of a pentagon, but they want to build a teahouse instead. Fisby gradually becomes assimilated to the local customs and mores with the help of Sakini and Lotus Blossom, a young geisha . To revive the economy, he has the Okinawans manufacture small items to sell as souvenirs, but nobody wants to buy them. These include cricket cages and wooden Japanese footwear called Geta. Then Fisby makes a happy discovery. The villagers brew a potent alcoholic beverage in a matter of days, which finds a ready market in the American army. With the influx of money, the teahouse is built in next to no time. When Purdy sends psychiatrist Captain McLean  to check up on Fisby, the newcomer is quickly won over. This, even after Fisby greets McLean wearing Geta, an army bathrobe  and what Fisby terms an "air-conditioned" straw hat . McLean later proves to be enthusiastic about organic farming. When Purdy doesn\'t hear from either officer, he shows up in person and surprises Fisby and McLean, the latter wearing a yukata. Both are leading a rowdy song at a party in full swing in the teahouse. Purdy orders the building destroyed, but in a burst of foresight, the villagers only dismantle the teahouse instead. In what might be referred to as a deus ex machina, the village is chosen by the SCAP as an example of successful American-led democratization. This leads to the teahouse being reassembled without threat of destruction by Colonel Purdy.'] ['In the Soviet Union, American reporter McKinley "Mac" Thompson  secretly writes unflattering stories, attributed to "Comrade X", for his newspaper. His identity is discovered by his valet, Vanya , who blackmails Mac into promising to get his daughter, a streetcar conductor named Theodore , out of the country. Theodore agrees to a sham marriage so she can spread the message of the benefits of Communism to the rest of the world. However, Commissar Vasiliev  is determined to unmask and arrest Comrade X.'] ['John Cleves  is a businessman with an office in New York and a home in New Jersey. On one day of each week, Wednesday, he spends the night in the city, lying to wife Dorothy  that he is out of town on business when he actually is seeing Ellen, his mistress . A business client, Cass Henderson , comes to town and is unable to find a hotel room for the night. Cleves\' new secretary knows of an "executive suite" the boss maintains in town, so Cass is sent there for the night. When he meets Ellen, he mistakenly assumes she is a certain kind of lady hired by Cleve to entertain him. The secretary compounds the error by telling Dorothy about the apartment. She goes there and discovers Ellen and Cass, assuming them to be a young couple. The women take a liking to each other so Dorothy invites them to spend an evening out on the town with her and John. Dorothy eventually catches on to what her husband is up to and leaves him. Ellen invites her to use the apartment. John goes there and tries to win his wife\'s love back, but she just tells her husband to come visit her on any Wednesday.'] ['C.R. "Mac" MacNamara is a high-ranking executive in the Coca-Cola Company, assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East . Nevertheless, Mac is angling to become head of Western European Coca-Cola Operations, based in London. After working on an arrangement to introduce Coke into the Soviet Union, Mac receives a call from his boss, W.P. Hazeltine in Atlanta. Scarlett Hazeltine, the boss\'s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter, is coming to Berlin and Mac receives the unenviable task of taking care of this young whirlwind. An expected two-week stay develops into two months, and Mac discovers just why Scarlett is enamored of Berlin—she surprises him by announcing that she\'s married to a young man, Otto Piffl, who happens to be an East German Communist with ardent anti-capitalism views. The socialite couple are bound for Moscow to make a new life for themselves . Since Hazeltine and his wife are coming to Berlin to collect their daughter the very next day, this is obviously a disaster of monumental proportions, and Mac deals with it as any good capitalist would &mdash; by framing the young Communist firebrand and having him picked up by the Stasi, the East German secret police, who later force Otto to sign a confession that he\'s an American spy . Under pressure from his stern and disapproving wife , and with the revelation that Scarlett is pregnant, Mac sets out to bring Otto back with the help of his new Russian business associates. With the boss on the way, he finds that his only chance is to turn Otto into a son-in-law in good standing &mdash; which means, among other things, making him a capitalist with an aristocratic pedigree . In the end, the Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law (upon which Mac learns from Hazeltine that Otto will be named the new head of Western European Operations—with Mac getting a promotion to VP of Procurement  Mac reconciles with his family at the airport, and to celebrate his promotion, offers to buy his family a Coke. Ironically, after handing out the Cokes to his family, he realizes upon inspection that the final bottle he takes for himself is actually Pepsi-Cola.{{cite web}}'] ['The Women follows the lives of Manhattan women, focusing in particular on Mary Haines , the cheerful, contented wife of Stephen and mother of Little Mary . After a bit of gossip flies around the salon these wealthy women visit, Mary\'s cousin Sylvia Fowler  learns from a manicurist that Mary\'s husband has been having an affair with a predatory perfume counter girl named Crystal Allen . A notorious gossip, Sylvia delights in sharing the news with Mary\'s friends; she sets up Mary with an appointment with the same manicurist so that she hears the rumor about Stephen\'s infidelity. While Mary\'s mother  urges her to ignore the gossip, Mary begins to have her own suspicions about her husband\'s increasingly frequent claims that he needs to work late. She decides to travel to Bermuda with her mother to think about the situation and hope the rumors will fade. Upon her return, Mary heads to a fashion show and learns that Crystal is in attendance, trying on clothes in a dressing room. Mary, at Sylvia\'s insistence, confronts her about the affair, but Crystal is completely unapologetic and slyly suggests that Mary keep the status quo unless she wants to lose Stephen in a divorce. Heartbroken and humiliated, Mary leaves quickly. The gossip continues, exacerbated by Sylvia and her friend Edith , who turns the affair into a public scandal by recounting Sylvia\'s version of the story to a notorious gossip columnist. Mary chooses to divorce her husband despite his efforts to convince her to stay. Mary explains the divorce to Little Mary. On a train to Reno, where she will get her divorce, Mary meets several women with the same destination and purpose: the dramatic, extravagant Countess de Lave ; Miriam Aarons , a tough-cookie chorus girl, and, to her surprise, her friend Peggy Day , a shy young woman. Mary and her new friends settle in at a Reno ranch, where they get plenty of unsolicited advice from Lucy , the gruffly warm-hearted woman who runs the ranch. The Countess tells tales of her multiple husbands and seems to have found another prospect in Reno, a cowboy named Buck Winston. Miriam reveals she has been having an affair with Sylvia Fowler\'s husband and plans to marry him. Peggy, who has discovered that she is pregnant, is urged to call her husband, resolve their misunderstanding and end the divorce proceedings, which she successfully does. Sylvia arrives at the ranch, now that her husband has requested a divorce. When she discovers that Miriam is to become the new Mrs. Fowler, a catfight ensues. Mary succeeds in breaking up the fight. Miriam convinces her that she, too, should forget her pride, get her husband on the phone and try to patch things up before their divorce becomes legal in a few hours. Before Mary can decide, it rings — the call is from Stephen, who informs Mary that he and Crystal have just been married. Two years pass. At the Haines apartment, Crystal, the new Mrs. Haines, is taking a bubble bath and talking on the phone to her lover, who turns out to be Buck Winston, now the husband of the Countess de Lave  and a successful radio star. Little Mary overhears the conversation before being shooed away by Crystal, who, unsurprisingly, has no time or patience for the child. Sylvia figures out with whom Crystal has been speaking and having an affair. Still an unrelenting gossip, Sylvia tucks this information away for later use. Mary hosts a dinner for her Reno friends to celebrate the two-year anniversary of the Countess and Buck, after which the Countess, Miriam, and Peggy go to a party and urge Mary to come along. Mary decides to stay home. She chats with Little Mary, who inadvertently reveals how unhappy Stephen is and mentions Crystal\'s "lovey dovey" talk with Buck on the telephone. This news changes Mary\'s mind about the party. She gets dressed up, intent on fighting to get her ex back: "I\'ve had two years to grow claws, Mother -- Jungle Red!" At the party, Mary manages to worm the details of the affair out of Sylvia, then makes sure that a gossip columnist  is alerted to it. Mary tells the Countess that her husband Buck has been having an affair with Crystal, then informs Crystal that everyone knows what she\'s been doing. Crystal doesn\'t care and tells Mary she can have Stephen back, since she\'ll now have Buck to support her. The Countess reveals that she has been funding Buck\'s radio career and that with Crystal he will be penniless and out of a job. Crystal resigns herself to the fact that she\'ll be heading to Reno herself and then back to the perfume counter, adding: "And by the way, there\'s a name for you ladies, but it isn\'t used in high society -- outside of a kennel." Mary, triumphant, heads out the door and up the stairs to win back Stephen, who is waiting for her.'] ['The film opens depicting a scene in July 1914 immediately prior to the cruise ship Gloria N. setting sail from Naples Harbor. The opening sequence is in sepia tones, as if it were a film shot in that era, with no sound other than the whirring of the projector. Gradually the sepia fades into full colour and we can hear the characters’ dialogue. Orlando, an Italian journalist, supplies commentary by directly addressing the camera, explaining to the viewer that the cruise is a funeral voyage to disperse the ashes of opera singer Edmea Tetua near the island of Erimo, her birthplace. Considered the greatest singer of all time, Tetua is celebrated for her goddess-like voice. The bumbling but lovable journalist also provides highly subjective anecdotes and gossip on the wide array of cartoon characters that evoke the golden age of the "funny papers"  but with a perverse Felliniesque twist. These include more opera singers, voice teachers, orchestra directors, theatre producers, actors, prime ministers, counts, princesses, Grand Dukes, and panic-stricken fans of the deceased diva. A jealous and bitter soprano named Ildebranda desperately tries to penetrate the secret behind Edmea Tetua’s unforgettable voice. A bristle-haired Russian basso is shown around the ship’s vast mess hall where, using only his voice, he hypnotizes a chicken. A curly-cued actor travels with his mother in order to seduce sailors. Sir Reginald Dongby, a voyeuristic English aristocrat, relishes spying on Lady Violet, his nymphomaniac wife. The Grand Duke of Harzock, a Prussian, is an obese bubble of a young man whose blind sister  schemes with her lover, the prime minister, to disinherit her brother. The brooding Count of Bassano closets himself in his cabin transformed into a temple dedicated to the diva’s memory. An awful stench rises from the ship’s hold and soon it’s revealed that a love-sick rhinoceros has been neglected by the ship’s crew. The beast is pulled up, washed on deck, and returned to the hold with fresh water and hay. On the third day of the voyage, the passengers discover a crowd of shipwrecked Serbians camped on the deck of the ship. Fleeing in rafts towards Italy after the assassination at Sarajevo, the refugees were brought on board the previous night by the captain. The Grand Duke and his men, however, are convinced the Serbians are terrorists and order the captain to isolate the group to a corner of the ship. The upshot is Fellini’s barely disguised take on the Marx Brothers\'s A Night at the Opera in a heady mix of cultures, both ethnic and artistic, where aristocrats and snobs joyfully share the stage  with peasants and vibrant Serbian folklore. But the revels end when the menacing flagship of the Austro-Hungarian fleet sails into view, demanding the return of the Serbian refugees. The captain agrees on condition that Edmea Tetua’s ashes be dispersed at Erimo beforehand. After the ceremony, the refugees are loaded into a lifeboat for delivery to the Austrians but a young Serbian hurls a bomb at the flagship, causing pandemonium. The Austrians respond by cannon-fire. The Gloria N. sinks while Albertini wields his baton, aristocrats march to the lifeboats, a grand piano slides across the floor smashing mirrors, and butterflies twitter serenely above the melee of suitcases in flooded corridors. In a reverse tracking shot, Fellini reveals the stupendous behind-the-scenes of his floating opera of a movie - giant hydraulic jacks  that created the ship’s rolling sea movements, along with acres of plastic ocean, an army of technicians burning naphthalene for the smoke of disaster effect, and, finally, an enigmatic figure that may be Orlando or Fellini intentionally hiding behind his own camera filming the main camera filming himself. The main camera then tracks forward to a final shot of Orlando in a lifeboat with the rhinoceros happily munching on hay. “Did you know,” confides Orlando, “that a rhinoceros gives very good milk?” Laughing, he once again mans the oars to disappear on a vast plastic ocean.'] ['CBS cameraman Harry Hinkle  gets injured when football player Luther "Boom Boom" Jackson  runs into him while he is covering a Browns game at Cleveland Stadium. Hinkle\'s injuries are minor, but his conniving lawyer brother-in-law "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich  convinces him to pretend that his legs have been paralyzed. This way, they can receive a huge indemnity from the insurance company.A large amount for its time, the settlement is one million dollars. Hinkle reluctantly goes along with the scheme because he\'s still in love with his ex-wife, Sandy, and it might win her back. The insurance company suspects that the paralysis is a fake one, and so a cat-and-mouse game begins between its investigator, Chester Purkey, and the shyster Gingrich. Jackson takes very good care of Hinkle, who begins having second thoughts as he witnesses guilt taking its toll on Jackson. As he also sees that Sandy is back by his side strictly out of greed, Hinkle decides to reveal the truth, thereby ruining Gingrich\'s get-rich plans.'] ["Luke Wilson appears as an ex-con working in a retirement home, with Luke's other brother, Owen Wilson, as the home's head nurse. Eva Mendes co-stars as Luke Wilson's character's love-interest. The film also features Eddie Griffin, Kris Kristofferson, Harry Dean Stanton, Seymour Cassel and Will Ferrell."] ['During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds , the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the hamlet of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, Martin Semple. His uncle\'s scheming attorney, John Cedar , locates Deeds and takes him to New York City. Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb , the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds. Cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett , who appeals to Deeds\' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary Dawson. She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job", and worms her way into his confidence. Bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow\'s hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the moniker "Cinderella Man". Cedar tries to get Deeds\'s power of attorney in order to keep his financial misdeeds secret. Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists. He wins Cobb\'s wholehearted respect and eventually Babe\'s love. However, when Cobb finds out Bennett\'s true identity and tells Deeds, who had been in love with her, he is left heartbroken. Just as Deeds is ready to return to Mandrake Falls in disgust, a dispossessed farmer ([[John Wray  breaks into his mansion and threatens him with a gun. He expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who won\'t lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. After the intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune. He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for several years. Alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds\' only other relative and his grasping, domineering wife in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent. Along with Babe\'s betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds\' spirit and he sinks into a deep depression. A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds\' fortune. During his sanity hearing, things look bleak for Deeds, especially since he initially refuses to defend himself. Cedar even gets Deeds\'s Mandrake Falls tenants—eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner —to testify that Deeds is "pixilated", meaning odd like a pixie. That charge falls apart when the two spinsters, when questioned as to who else is pixilated, reply, "Why everyone, but us." After Babe convinces Deeds that she truly loves him, he systematically punches holes in Cedar\'s case—before actually punching Cedar in the face—and the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom."'] ["Daphne Reynolds has what every girl wants. This young American girl has a unique style all her own, an unconventional but loving relationship with her bohemian mother Libby and a future full of possibilities. But despite her remarkable promise, Daphne feels incomplete and alone.At the start of the film Libby and Henry are married in Morocco by a Bedouin chief; they are to have a second ceremony in England, but they separate. In the meantime Libby is pregnant with Daphne. She dreams of one day meeting the father she’s never known, the man Libby loved deeply seventeen years ago, but ultimately left behind because his aristocratic family supposedly found her unsuitable. Determined to live out her fantasy of forging a storybook relationship with her long-absent dad, Daphne, on an impulse, gets on a flight to London, where she quickly discovers that her father is the high-profile politician, Lord Henry Dashwood, who has controversially renounced his hereditary seat in the House of Lords to run for the House of Commons. Henry opens his life and his social calendar to the daughter he never knew existed, but Daphne’s appearance in his high society creates an uproar that threatens to undermine his political career. Not wanting to jeopardize his campaign for an upcoming election, Daphne stifles her naturally vibrant personality, refashions herself as a proper debutante and plunges into a whirlwind of British social events. But even with Henry’s support, she’s not getting any help from his conniving fiancée or her jealous daughter, who are bent on ruining Daphne at every turn. With the aid of Ian, a charming and society-savvy local musician, Daphne attempts to prove that love, along with proper etiquette, can conquer all. But Daphne soon realizes she doesn’t like the person she’s becoming in the process. As much as she wants to be her father’s daughter, she realizes it's not worth it if she can’t be herself. Though mostly this is influenced by Henry's fiancée's interference during her debutante ball, when she coldly and cruelly locks Daphne in a closet to prevent Henry from bonding with her. She goes back home but Henry, not before finding out that Libby's banishment was a plot engineered by his fiancee's politically ambitious father, realizes how much he loves Daphne and goes to find her. He brings Ian with him. The film ends with Daphne's mother officially getting married to Daphne's father. Daphne also becomes Ian's girlfriend and she goes to Oxford University so she can be near him."] ['After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders  return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness. Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs to everyone, sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson . When the two couples travel together to Las Vegas, Ted admits to an affair of his own. An outraged Alice demands that this new ethos be taken to its obvious conclusion: a mate-sharing foursome. But when they are actually ready to begin the deed, something within all four of them prevents it; the film never explains what that something is or may be. In the last scene of the movie, they are in the elevator coming down from their “trip”. They are shell shocked. All of them have woken up  to their collective morning after. The music swells “...what the world needs now is love sweet love..."'] ['The film centers on the family life of Bill Gluckman, a wealthy Jewish senator from Malibu, California who is running for the office of Governor of California. His son Brad is a wannabe "Eminem", preferring to go by the nickname "B-Rad" despite leading a rich, sheltered life. As a result, members of Mr. Gluckman\'s political campaign become concerned that Brad\'s idiotic, outlandish behavior will ruin his father\'s chances at being elected. The campaign team members hire two actors, who don\'t know any more about inner-city life than B-Rad, to act as gang members, kidnap him, and take him to South Central Los Angeles where they hope Brad will be "scared white" after witnessing what inner city life is really like. Unfortunately for everyone involved, the plan backfires after Brad attempts to associate himself with members of the gang community and subsequently gets himself and the actors, Sean and PJ, hired to guide him into trouble.'] ["Theresa Jones  takes her boyfriend, Simon Green  home to meet her parents on the occasion of her parents' 25th wedding anniversary. Her father, Percy , dislikes Green almost immediately because of his race . With the help of his personal assistant Reggie , Percy tries to dig up as much dirt on Simon as he can. This temporarily strains his relationship with his wife, Marilyn ([[Judith Scott . Little does Theresa know that Simon has just quit his job. In order to impress Percy, Simon embarks upon a series of lies, which are discovered. Both couples quarrel but reconcile, and everyone learns a valuable lesson in race relations."] ['In 1616, when Flanders is under Spanish occupation, the town of Boom, in the midst of preparations for its carnival, learns that a Spanish duke with his army is on the way to spend the night there. Fearing that this will inevitably result in rape and pillage, the mayor &mdash; supported by his town council &mdash; has the idea of pretending to be newly dead, in order to avoid receiving the soldiers. But his redoubtable wife Cornelia despises this strategem and organises the other women to prepare hospitality and to adapt their carnival entertainments for the Spaniards . Such is the warmth of the women’s welcome that not only do the Spaniards refrain from misbehaviour, but on their departure the Duke announces a year’s remission of taxes for the town. Cornelia allows her husband to take the credit for their good fortune, but she has in the meantime thwarted his plans for their daughter to marry the town butcher instead of the young painter Brueghel whom she loves.'] ["Goodbye, Dragon Inn is set in the approximately ninety minutes of the last feature at an old Taipei cinema that is closing down, showing King Hu's 1967 sword-fighting classic Dragon Inn. Only a few people are present in the cinema, and a variety of subplots are developed around them. Throughout the film, the ticket woman tries to find the projectionist, searching for him in order to present him with a steamed bun. She wears an iron brace on her leg. She walks around the theater throughout the film, struggling up and down stairs. A young Japanese tourist wanders around the cinema in search of a homosexual encounter. An older man tells him that the cinema is haunted. An old man, who was one of the actors who appeared in the original Dragon Inn, watches the film with tears in his eyes. Outside the theater, he encounters an older man who had been watching the film with his grandson; this man also starred in the original film. The film is shot with almost no camera movement, most shots lasting well over thirty seconds. There are only about a dozen of lines of dialogue."] ["Smychkov , a bassist, shows up too early for the ball of a beautiful princess, and decides to spend his extra time skinny dipping in the nearby lake. The princess , meanwhile, has gone fishing at the lake, and later decides to go skinny dipping as well. However, things change when a thief absconds with both Smychkov's and the Princess's clothes, and while the Princess is wandering around, she meets Smychkov. After their initially embarrassing encounter, he tries to help her return to the castle by hiding her in his bass case."] ['The film is a tribute to Naples, where director De Sica spent his first years, this is a collection of 6 Neapolitan episodes: a clown exploited by a hoodlum; an inconsistent pizza seller  losing her husband\'s ring; the funeral of a child; the impoverished inveterate gambler Count Prospero B. being reduced to force his concierge\'s preteen kid to play cards with him ; the unexpected and unusual wedding of Teresa, a prostitute; the exploits "professor" Ersilio Micci, a "wisdom seller" who "solves problems".'] ['The stories follow a black formal tailcoat as it goes from owner to owner, in five otherwise unconnected stories. The first is a love triangle between Charles Boyer, Thomas Mitchell, and Rita Hayworth. Boyer plays an actor who gives his finest performance when he\'s shot while wearing the jacket. The second tale is a comic story featuring Ginger Rogers who finds a romantic love letter in her future husband\'s jacket. Her boyfriend  enlists his best man  to help bail him out. Things don\'t go as expected when Rogers falls in love with Fonda and dumps her boyfriend. The third tale stars Charles Laughton. He plays a poor but brilliant musician, composer and conductor whose one big chance at fame and recognition is in jeopardy. While he attempts to conduct, the small jacket rips and the audience erupts with laughter. In a poignant moment the audience emphathises with him by removing their own coats and he triumphs. The fourth story stars Edward G. Robinson as an alcoholic derelict who takes a last shot at life by borrowing the tailcoat to attend his 25th college reunion. The lawyer tries to convince his former classmates that he is successful, but one of his classmates George Sanders knew Robinson was disbarred for unethical behaviour as a lawyer. When one of the guests loses his wallet the group hold a mock trial where Robinson ultimately decides to admit that he is a derelict. The next morning his classmates come to his mission where he is offered a good job, and is back on the road to respectability. A fifth story involves a thief J. Carrol Naish stealing the coat from a second-hand store and then committing a robbery at an illegal casino where no one is admitted unless wearing evening dress. When he attempts to escape by plane in an open cockpit, the jacket catches fire from sparks from the engine with a panicked Naish removing his burning jacket with the money still in the pockets and throwing it out of the plane. A poor African-American couple  in a deep South shanty community finds the jacket along with over $40,000. They take it to their minister ([[Eddie Anderson  who gives out the "money from heaven" to people so that they can buy what they prayed for. After distributing the cash, the minister asks loner Christopher  what his wish was. He says he prayed for a scarecrow for the fields. They take the now practically shredded jacket and make a scarecrow out of it. The sequence features musical numbers by Paul Robeson and the Hall Johnson choir.'] ['Chaplin and Sterling play two young men, Masher and Rival Masher, who fight over the chance to help a young woman  cross a muddy street. Sterling first sees the woman trying to cross and offers her an umbrella he stole from a policeman, and asked her to wait for him as he goes to get something to help her. Then Chaplin comes along and offers the woman to help her cross as well and wait for his return. While Sterling and Chaplin go to get the logs, a policeman  lifts the woman across the street. When Sterling returns with the log, he was indignant that the woman did not wait for him to come back to help her cross the muddy street, and demands the umbrella back. When the woman refused, they engage in a fight which eventually involves Chaplin.'] ['Stan and Ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. A City Water Dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. They finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. At the job agency a call comes from Mrs. Vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. Ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes". At the dinner party, Stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into Mrs. Vandeveer\'s lap. Ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. He says "there is everything From Soup To Nuts folks, come and get it". Stan is told to take the cocktails and instead of clearing them away he drinks them and becomes drunk. Ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. Mr. Vandeveer tells Ollie to change the seating arrangement and Ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until Mr. Vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. Mr. Vandeveer then tells the drunken Stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so Stan serves the salad in his underwear. Seeing this, Mr. Vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a rifle. Mrs. Vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of Stan. Mr Vandeveer returns, rifle in hand, and chases Stan and Ollie out of the house. A single gunshot is heard and Mr. Vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don\'t you be more careful, you almost blew my brains out". When the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. Stan and Ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. They decide to get an education because in Stan\'s words "we\'re not illiterative enough". They are sitting outside the Farmers & Merchants Bank of Commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. They inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the street by Stan. A grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. When Oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and Stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "If it\'s an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." He enrolls Stan and Ollie at Oxford University in England, and they depart the U.S. towards Oxford by steamship. When Stan and Ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous Johnson  decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. They are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. One of the students  dresses as a ghost in order to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost\'s hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar . They spend all night in the maze and exit the next morning. Johnson poses as the dean and gives Stan and Ollie the real dean\'s quarters to live in. They make themselves at home only to be confronted by the dean. The prank is uncovered and Johnson is due to expelled. Before this happens the students decide to run Stan and Ollie out so they can\'t give evidence against Johnson. The boys are taken to their real quarters where Meredith the valet recognises Stan as Lord Paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". He says that Lord Paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. Stan and Ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". The students arrive and decide to throw Stan and Ollie out of the window. Stan and Ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on Stan\'s head, which transforms him back into Lord Paddington. When the students accuse him of "squealing", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever Lord Paddington becomes angry, according to Meredith\'s story—after which he throws all of the students out of the window. However, Stan does not remember Ollie any longer so he becomes furious when Ollie tells him of his former life and throws Ollie out the window as well. Lord Paddington takes pity on Ollie and employs him to be his personal valet. He calls Ollie by the nickname "Fatty" and criticises him which makes Ollie so angry he quits his job. Stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on him once again, returning him back to his usual self.'] ['After moving from South America to the Scottish Highlands, millionaire Sanin Cejador y Mengues  reassumes the title of laird of Glen Easan, which he inherited from his grandfather, Sandy Menzies. Obstinate in nature, Mengues soon finds the climate inhospitable, and the language and customs of the Highland people exasperating. While fishing on the loch with his equally stubborn, distantly related cousin Angus, who works as a fishing or hunting guide for the estate, Mengues hooks and then loses a large trout, and the confrontation escalates from Gaelic epithets and an overturned boat to Mengues firing Angus. When the locals then refuse to work for him and his cattle roam unmanaged over the glen, Mengues, advised by Oliver Dukes , his factor from Glasgow whom the villagers distrust, closes a heavily used road that leads through his property. By the time American widower, Major Jim "Lance" Lansing , a former Air Force pilot who was stationed in Scotland during World War II, returns there, the disgruntled villagers are burning the laird in effigy. After a quick drink at the pub, where he befriends tinker and former paratrooper Malcolm MacFie , Lance reunites with his old friends the Carnochs, who act as guardians of Lance\'s young daughter Alsuin , who adores Lance but is unaware that he is her father. Stricken with polio, the bedridden Alsuin is hard-hit by the closing of the road, which inspires her made-up fairy tales and provides people to call to her as they pass. At her request, Lance, whom Alsuin calls "Sir Lancelot", proceeds to the Mengues estate to talk to the laird about the road. Finding the gate locked, he climbs the fence, but before approaching the castle, detours to the loch and takes a swim. Mengues\' feisty daughter Marissa  spots him trespassing and steals his trousers while he is in the loch. Later, dressed in the clothes he has left, Lance shows up at the castle and manages to meet Mengues, who will only advise him, as a fellow foreigner, to "leave Scotland." Lansing, however, rallies the people of the glen and eventually, they prevail upon Mengues to restore peace, but not before a brief and unconvincing fistfight between Lansing and Dukes. Mengues apologizes to all by explaining that he has recently learned the difference between a lord and a laird. A lord, he says, takes care of the people and land belonging to him, while a laird belongs to the land and the people. With peace restored, the road re-opens, and during the wedding festivities of Lance and Marissa, Mengues, dressed in a kilt, promises Alsuin, who knows now that Lance is her father, that they both will be dancing within six months. Tinker chieftain Parlan  and Malcolm enjoy the party from the window, until they realize it is an excellent night for poaching.'] ['Bogwood, Washington is a pleasant suburban community with a special distinction—it has more garages per capita than any other town in America. Not surprisingly, Bogwood is also the "Garage Sale Capital of the U.S.A." When retirees Doris & Clayton Fenwick decide to empty their nest of retro-modern antiques, they set the wheels in motion for a frantically funny "g-sale" involving Bogwood\'s most avid garage sale junkies: Angela Cocci , Ed LaSalle , Dick Nickerson , and BJ Harwood & Helen Ziegler . These colorful characters try to outmaneuver each other to score their ultimate garage sale treasure: an antique board game worth a fortune.'] ['Harishkumar S. Patel  is a geeky student from a small village in Gujarat, India who is attending the University of Houston, while living with his uncle . His uncle, Dr. Bakshi, has an American-born son who\'s Hari\'s age, Mohan Bakshi . Mohan, known as Mo, is a popular student at UH. He shows Hari around the college but then stays away from him because of Hari\'s nerdy ways. Hari, meanwhile, is overly excited because of an astrological prediction that was made by a holy man. The famous astrologer told Hari that he\'ll meet his Sapno Ki Raani  in America and her name will begin with a "P." Hari then meets Priya , a Malayali studying fashion, and falls in love with her. In the meanwhile, Mo falls in love with Janvi Valia , a Punjabi girl, but things don\'t go as planned when Mo invites Janvi to a party. In the film\'s conclusion, Mo learns important things about his culture, and Hari overcomes his challenges. This film is primarily a comedic portrayal of young Indian Americans going through life.'] ['One night, Lucy  gets a taxi to the home of author Harry Block . She has just read Harry\'s latest novel. In the novel, the character Leslie  is having an affair with her sister\'s husband Ken . Lucy is angry because the novel is patently based on her and Harry\'s own affair; as a result, everyone knows about it. Lucy pulls a gun out of her purse, saying she will kill herself. She then turns the gun on Harry and begins firing. She chases him out onto the roof. Harry insists that he has already been punished: his latest girlfriend Fay  has left him for his best friend Larry . To distract Lucy, Harry tells her a story he is currently writing: a semi-autobiographical story of a sex-obsessed young man named Harvey  who is mistakenly claimed by Death. In therapy, Harry realizes he has not changed since he was a sex-obsessed youth. Harry discusses the honoring ceremony at his old university, taking place the next day; he is particularly unhappy that he has nobody to share the occasion with. After the session, Harry asks his ex-wife Joan  if he can take their son Hilliard  to the ceremony. She refuses, stating that Harry is a bad influence on Hilliard. She is also furious at Harry for the novel he wrote. In it, the character Epstein  marries Helen , but the marriage begins to crumble after the birth of their son. Harry runs into an acquaintance, Richard , who is worried about his health. After accompanying Richard to the hospital, Harry asks him to come to the university ceremony. Richard appears uninterested. Harry then goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Fay, who reveals that she is now engaged. Harry begs Fay to get back together with him. He asks Fay to accompany him to his ceremony, but it clashes with Fay\'s wedding, scheduled the following day. That night, Harry sleeps with a prostitute, Cookie . Harry then asks Cookie to accompany him to his ceremony. In the morning, Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the journey. On a whim, Harry decides to "kidnap" his son Hilliard. Along the way, they stop at a carnival, then at Harry\'s half-sister Doris\'s . Doris, a devoted Jew, is upset by Harry\'s portrayals of Judaism in his stories, as is her husband . During the journey, Harry also encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen, who force him to confront some painful truths about his life. Just before arriving at the university, Richard dies peacefully in the car. Distressed, Harry literally slides out of focus, becoming blurred like one of his own fictional characters. Cookie helps him restore focus. The university\'s staffers gush over Harry, asking what he plans to write next. He describes a story about a man  who journeys down to Hell to reclaim his true love  from the Devil . Harry and the Devil engage in a verbal duel as to who is truly the most evil of the two. Harry gets as far as arguing that he is a kidnapper before the story is interrupted by the arrival of the police. Harry is arrested for kidnapping Hilliard, for possessing a gun , and for having drugs in the car . Larry and Fay come from their wedding to bail Harry out of jail. Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings. Back at his apartment, a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university\'s ceremony is taking place. Harry realizes that he can only function in art, not in life. The film ends with Harry returning to his writing.'] ['Andula is a working-class woman living in a fading Czech factory town. After a party she sleeps with Milda, a pianist with the band who was visiting from Prague. A famous line is uttered as they are lying in bed afterward. Andula asks what Milda meant when he said she was "angular." He goes on to explain that a woman is shaped like a guitar. "And you, you look like a guitar too," he tells her, "but one painted by Picasso." They part ways, and when she doesn\'t hear from him again, she packs up and arrives on his doorstep in the big city. Milda is not home, and she meets his parents, who don\'t know what they should do with her. Milda comes home early the next morning, and it becomes clear to Andula that she is not wanted, so she returns to her home.'] ['{{plot}} An avant garde fashion show is to be held in a New Wave nightclub in Manhattan. Among the models are bisexual Margaret  and Jimmy . Jimmy is Margaret\'s rival and nemesis. He is apparently a drug addict, constantly hassling Margaret\'s heroin-dealer girlfriend Adrian  for drugs despite not having any money to pay for them. An alien spacecraft — about the size of a dinner plate — lands on the rooftop of the penthouse apartment occupied by Margaret and Adrian. Before the show, Jimmy suggests to Margaret that they both go to her place, but once there he only cares about finding Adrian\'s stash of heroin. We learn that Margaret\'s apartment is being watched by a tiny, shapeless alien from inside the UFO. Meanwhile, Adrian performs "Me and My Rhythm Box" at the club. Margaret and Jimmy return to the club to participate in the show. During preparations both agree to a photographic shoot the following night on Margaret\'s rooftop. They are assured that there will be plenty of drugs available at the shoot. Margaret and Jimmy perform in the nightclub fashion show. Margaret connects with Californian soap opera actor and son of a TV producer Vincent . Vincent is offering cocaine to all the women at the nightclub. Back at Margaret\'s apartment she rejects Vincent when all he offers are Quaaludes. He beats her and rapes her on the building\'s staircase. Across town, middle class Katherine  revoices her objection to the heroin use of her boyfriend, failed writer and heroin addict Paul . German scientist Johann Hoffman  arrives in New York, then secretly starts observing the aliens from the Empire State Building observation deck. Paul buys heroin from Adrian while trying to seduce Margaret. Jimmy has lunch with his image conscious mother, Sylvia , a television producer. She tries to connect with him, but Jimmy\'s main interest is in obtaining money from her. Johann needs somewhere to continue his surveillance when the observation deck closes. He seeks help in this from the only person he knows in America, college drama teacher Owen ([[Bob Brady . Owen fobs Johann off as he plans to go meet a former student, Margaret. Seeking a vantage point on his own, Johann seeks access to an apartment building adjacent to Margaret\'s. This is Sylvia\'s building and lascivious Sylvia, who happens to have a free evening, eagerly invites Johann to her apartment for dinner. Margaret is seduced by her former acting professor Owen, a representative of the erstwhile hippie generation. He dies as they make love in view of the aliens, with a crystal protruding from his head. Adrian returns and they clash over Margaret\'s dalliance with Owen. Adrian recites a eulogy, helps hide the body, and goes out to buy food for an impromptu wake. Paul refuses to play host to Katherine\'s business clients at a party in her loft, claiming he feels sick. She angrily throws him out. Paul shows up at Margaret\'s while Adrian is out, and rapes her. He too dies, with a crystal protruding from his head. The aliens dispose of his body which instantly disintegrates. Margaret apparently believes it is the work of an "Indian" god possessing the Empire State Building and is grateful, but in shock. From Sylvia\'s apartment, Johann intermittently continues his observation between dinner and dodging Sylvia\'s various attempts to seduce him. He leaves to warn Adrian when she buys provisions for the wake. Rebuked by Adrian as a narc he returns to Sylvia. The crew arrives at Margaret\'s apartment for the fashion shoot. During the shoot Margaret is taunted by Jimmy, so she agrees to have sex with him knowing it will kill him. He dies and the body evaporates as Paul\'s had done. Adrian perversely encourages Margaret to have sex with her, rapes her, and Adrian also dies. A vengeful Margaret applies new make-up, deserts the crew and goes to a downtown nightclub. There she reconnects with Vincent, who previously raped her. Back at her apartment she seduces him, ensuring his death. Katherine arrives at the nightclub asking after Paul\'s dealer, Adrian. Johann reveals that the alien is extracting the endorphins produced by the brain when an orgasm occurs—apparently a fatal operation. Johann resumes observation of Margaret\'s apartment and sees she is in mortal danger so goes across to help her. He explains to Margaret that she survived because she never experienced an orgasm. Seeing the alien craft leaving, Margaret stabs Johann in the back and injects herself with heroin to induce a wild autoerotic orgasm to ensure the aliens take her with them. Sylvia and Katherine arrive at the apartment together and reach the penthouse in time to see Margaret vaporized by the aliens.'] ['The film is set in the 1950s in a large country residence, as a family and its servants are preparing for Christmas, when the master of the house is discovered dead in his bed, with a dagger stuck into his back. The murderer must be one of the eight women in the house at the time, and in the course of the investigations each has a tale to tell and secrets to hide. The scene opens with Suzon returning from school for Christmas break, finding her mother Gaby, her younger sister Catherine, and her wheelchair-bound grandmother Mamy in the living room, where most of the action of the film takes place. Their conversation drifts to the subject of the patriarch of the family, and Catherine leads the first song of the film, "Papa t\'es plus dans le coup" . The singing wakes up Suzon and Catherine\'s aunt Augustine, who picks arguments with the rest of the family and the two servants , eventually returning upstairs, threatening to commit suicide. Mamy jumps out of her wheelchair, trying to stop her, haphazardly explaining her ability to walk as a "Christmas miracle." Augustine is eventually calmed down, and she sings her song of longing, "Message personnel" . The maid takes the tray upstairs, finds Marcel\'s stabbed body, and screams. Catherine goes up to see what happened and locks the door. The others finally go up to Marcel\'s room to see him stabbed in the back. Catherine tells the others that they should not disturb the room until the police arrive so they re-lock the door. Realizing that the dogs have not barked the night before, it seems clear that the murderer was one of the women in the house. Attempting to call the authorities, they find that the phoneline has been cut, and they will have to go in person to the police station. However, the women are distracted by the announcement that someone is roaming in the garden, who for some reason, the guard dogs are not chasing. The person turns out to be Marcel\'s sister Pierrette, a nightclub singer who is also rumoured to be a streetwalker, and has not been allowed to the house before, due to Gaby\'s dislike for her. When questioned, she claims she received a mysterious phone call, telling her that her brother was dead; she also sings "A quoi sert de vivre libre" , commenting on her sexual freedom. It is realized that she has been to the house before, as the dogs did not bark and she knew immediately which room belonged to her brother, making her the eighth potential killer. The women try to start the car, and find that it has been sabotaged, cutting them off from help due to the snowstorm outside, until they can hitchhike to town when the weather clears. The women spend their time trying to find the murderer amongst them. It is discovered that Suzon in fact returned the night before, to tell her father in secret that she was pregnant. She sings a song to Catherine, "Mon Amour, Mon Ami" , about her lover however, she has in fact been abused by her father. We later find out that, unknown to everyone involved excluding Gaby, Suzon is not his child, and is actually the child of Gaby\'s first great love. Gaby reveals that he was killed not long after her conception and that every time she looks at Suzon, she is reminded of her love for him. Suspicion then swings to Madame Chanel, the housekeeper, whose actions the night before seem suspicious; it is revealed that she has been having an affair with Pierrette, who went to see her brother that night to ask for money to pay off her debts. When some members of the family react in outrage to the fact that she is a lesbian, Madame Chanel retreats to the kitchen, and sings "Pour ne pas vivre seul" . In the meantime we find out that Mamy, Suzon\'s and Catherine\'s "old and sick" grandmother, not only can walk but also possesses some valuable shares that could have saved Marcel from his bankruptcy. Out of greed she lied that her shares have been stolen by someone who knew where she was hiding them. The spotlight moves to Louise, the maid, who is found out to be Marcel\'s mistress. She declares, however, affection for Gaby, but also expresses disappointment in her for her weakness and indecision. She sings "Pile ou Face" , and removes the symbols of her servitude, her maid\'s cap and apron, asserting herself as an equal to the other women. Gaby sings "Toi Jamais" , about Marcel, saying that he never paid enough attention to her, while other men did; it is revealed that she had an affair with his business partner, the same man who has been having an affair with Pierrette. The two women get into a fight that turns into a make-out session on the living room floor, which the others walk in on. Eventually, Madame Chanel discovers the solution to the mystery but is silenced by a gunshot; she is not hit but goes mute with fear, but Catherine takes the lead, revealing that she had hidden in her father\'s closet, and had seen the other women all talk to Marcel the night before, and explains the mystery: Marcel had faked his own death, with her help, to see what was really going on in his house. She claims that he is now free of the other women\'s clutches, and rushes into his bedroom, only to see him shoot himself in the head, in absolute despair. Mamy ends the film with the song "Il n\'y a pas d\'amour heureux" .'] ["Castella  owns a steel factory. He is told that in order to conduct a business with a group of Iranians ,he must learn English, so he hires Clara  to teach him. His wife, Angelique , is an interior decorator who loves her dog and is in the process of working on her sister-in-law's apartment. The couple go to the theatre, where their niece is performing in a production of Bérénice, accompanied by the driver, Bruno , and Castella's temporary bodyguard, Franck . While there, he sees Clara, who is an actress. Meanwhile, we learn from Franck and Bruno's conversation that the former was a police officer. After working tirelessly with his partner towards bringing down a seemingly untouchable criminal, their investigation was abruptly ended. Franck had finally suffered enough corruption and quit the force, while the partner he respected never spoke a word about it. Franck sends Bruno to the bar to buy cigarettes. The barmaid, Manie , remembers having had sex with Bruno, but Bruno regrets that he does not remember her. Bérénice over, Clara goes to the bar with her friends, including Antoine and Valerie, and their conversation reveals that she is afraid of never working again; after all, she is forty years old. Bruno, whose fiance is doing an internship in the United States, spends the night with Manie, who, it turns out, sells drugs on the side and is frequently visited by clients. Franck meets Manie through Bruno and they start a relationship. Previously uninterested in theater and reluctant about seeing a play rather than having dinner in a restaurant, Castella attends another of Clara's performance and develops a fascination with her bohemian lifestyle. He joins her and her friends for lunch and attends an art show where he buys a piece. However, his cultural ignorance and general roughness makes him a laughingstock. At the bar with Clara's friends, he is made to say that Henrik Ibsen is his favorite comic playwright, alongside other dramatists like Tennessee Williams. Clara confides to her friend Manie that Castella is thick. Castella's English is poor at first, but he soon makes progress. He and Clara move the classes from his office to an English tea room, and to mark his progress, he writes a poem dedicated to Clara; however, he is dismayed when she says that she does not share the feelings expressed in his poem. One day she waits at the tea room and he doesn't show up. Throughout the film, Bruno practices his flute, which he plays in a band. Later, he gently complains to Manie that he does hasn't received news from his girlfriend who has gone to the US for an internship. Finally, the girlfriend tells him that she has, like him, slept with someone else, and also wants to stay in the States. Manie has now developed an intense affair with Franck, to the point that they speak of marriage—jokingly, they say. However, Franck reveals himself to be more and more angry and bothered regarding Manie's drug dealing, which proves to finally end their relationship. Castella and Angelique are drifting apart, which is made clear when she moves the painting he bought from Clara's friend, she doesn't like it and that it doesn't go with rest of the house. He retorts that he can't stand living in a dollhouse any longer and leaves her, unknowingly mimicking the protagonist's actions at the end of Ibsen's play A Doll's House. Clara starts to feel that her friends are taking advantage of Castella and tells him. He tells her that he bought the painting and is working with her friend to redesign the front of his factory not for her but because he truly likes those things. Franck's contract is finished, and Bruno reveals that the corrupt politician he had tried to send to prison was finally caught by his former partner. Bruno says that he thinks the partner was right to stay on the force after all. This leads Franck to drive to Manie's apartment for a reconciliation. From her window, she sees him reach the door to the lobby, but he hesitates and finally drives away. Clara lands the lead part in Hedda Gabler and invites Castella to the opening. Agitated after seeing an empty chair all night, Clara is overjoyed to see him in the audience as she takes her final bow."] ['The film takes place decades after the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom for the control of the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic Ocean. The film tells of Fabián Stratas, a magician and stand-up comedian from Buenos Aires, who saves his money from weddings, birthdays, and bar mitzvahs, and uses a hidden camera to document a week-long trip to the Falkland Islands, , where he has an ingenious Argentine patriotic plan: to impregnate a Falklander woman. Stratas has a theory: if only 500 Argentines did the same each year, the islands would soon be overrun with half-Argentines, and he would be the head of a "sexual invasion." Brilliant idea, he thinks. He spends his first couple of days on the island doing reconnaissance, and soon sets his eyes on Camila Heaney, whom he first saw in church. He chats her up at an Internet café and then they go out for drinks, which is followed by dinner. They also take a field trip to see the King penguins and the 1982 battlefield. Fabian has initial success, getting to have sex with Camila twice, first in his hotel room and then on the beach. He succeeds and manages to impregnate her before leaving for Buenos Aires, cocky and happy for having achieved his goal and duped his lover. However, Heaney gets the last word, making a videotape on Fabian\'s camera where she denounces him as the shallow, condescending and self-centered Argentine he is. After this, the camera shows Stratas, unfazed by Camila\'s anger, taking a shower while singing the Charly García cover of the Argentine National Anthem.'] ["Set in picturesque coastal Cornwall, in a tight-knit fishing village in 1936, Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula  and Janet Widdington . Andrea is played by Daniel Brühl. A gifted young Polish violinist from Krakow, Andrea is bound for America when he is swept overboard by a storm. When the Widdington sisters discover the handsome stranger on the beach below their house, they nurse him back to health. However, the presence of the musically talented young man disrupts the peaceful lives of Ursula and Janet and the community in which they live. Holidaying artist Olga Daniloff, the sister of famed violinist Boris Daniloff, becomes interested in Andrea after hearing him play the violin. As time progresses, Olga and Andrea grow closer. Olga tells her brother of Andrea's talent, and he asks to meet Andrea in London. Although Andrea cares deeply for the sisters, he knows this is his chance to start a career, and he leaves with Olga without saying goodbye to the women. He later sends them a letter, along with a portrait of himself painted by Olga, thanking them for saving his life. The sisters travel to London to attend Andrea's first public performance."] ['"One of the minor annoyances in modern life is a revolution." Due to a revolution in his country, King Igor Shahdov  comes to New York City with almost no money, his securities having been stolen by his own Prime Minister. He tries to contact the Atomic Energy Commission with his ideas for using atomic power to create a utopia. At a dinner party, some of which is televised live , he reveals he\'s had some experience in the theater. He\'s approached to do TV commercials but doesn\'t like the idea. Later, he does make a few commercials in order to get some money. Invited to speak at a progressive school, he meets Rupert Macabee ([[Michael Chaplin , editor of the school paper, a ten-year-old historian who gives him a stern anarchist lecture. Although Rupert himself says he distrusts all forms of government, his parents are communists. Shahdov is subsequently suspected as a communist himself and has to face one of Joseph McCarthy\'s hearings. He is cleared of all charges and decides to join his estranged queen in Paris for a reconciliation. But Rupert\'s parents are jailed, and authorities force the child to reveal the names of his parents\' friends. Grieving and guilt-ridden, he is presented to King Shahdov as a "patriot". Shadov reassures him that the anti-communist scare is a lot of nonsense, and invites him to come to Europe with his parents for a visit. In a cataclysmic scene, Shadov accidentally directs a strong stream of water from a fire hose at the members of HUAC, who scatter in panic - a bit of fulfilment, considering Chaplin\'s own bitter experience with that body. In addition to its condemnation of HUAC\'s methods, the film takes witty potshots at American commercialism, popular music and film. A dinner party scene includes a number of satirical portrayals of actors and public figures of the period, including Sophie Tucker; and the King attends a film preview for Man or Woman? .'] ['Dave the Dude  is a successful, very superstitious New York City gangster who buys apples from street peddler Apple Annie  to bring him good luck. On the eve of a very important meeting, he finds Annie terribly upset. Annie, it turns out, has a daughter named Louise , who was sent to a school in Europe as a child, but is now a grown woman. Louise believes her mother to be wealthy socialite Mrs. E. Worthington Manville, and she is bringing her aristocratic fiancé Carlos and his father, Count Alfonso Romero , to meet her. Annie has been pretending that she resides in a luxurious hotel  and has Louise\'s letters mailed there, then intercepted by a friend and handed over to her. Dave\'s good-hearted girlfriend Queenie Martin  persuades him to help Annie continue her charade. Queenie takes on the task of transforming the derelict into a dowager. Dave arranges for cultured pool hustler "Judge" Henry G. Blake ([[Thomas Mitchell  to pose as Annie\'s husband. He installs her in an out-of-town friend\'s suite in the hotel, complete with Hudgins , his friend\'s butler. When Dave keeps postponing a meeting with an extremely powerful gangster to help Annie, his right-hand man Joy Boy  becomes increasingly exasperated. Dave manages to engineer a lavish reception with New York\'s mayor and governor as guests. Louise and her impressed future husband and father-in-law return to Europe, none the wiser about her mother\'s real identity.'] ["Maggie  and Rose Feller  are sisters with nothing in common but their shoe size. They were raised by their father Michael  and stepmother  after their mother Caroline died, supposedly in a car accident. Rose is the eldest; an ostensibly plain and serious lawyer who is protective of Maggie despite her flaws. Maggie is a free spirit who is unable to hold a steady job  and turns to alcohol and men for emotional and financial support. Rose grudgingly allows Maggie to move in with her in her Rittenhouse Square, Philadelphia apartment when their stepmother throws her out of the house. Their already difficult relationship ends, however when Rose catches Maggie in bed with Jim , her boyfriend. Maggie subsequently disappears from Rose's life. A few days before, while secretly looking through her father's desk for money, Maggie discovered a bundle of old greeting cards containing cash. She was astonished to discover that the cards were addressed to both her and Rose and were from their grandmother Ella . Now, homeless and without job prospects, Maggie travels to Deerfield Beach, Florida to find her and hopefully a new source of income. When Ella first hears from Maggie, she invites her to stay in her home, partially out of guilt for abandoning her responsibilities as a grandmother. However, as time passes, Ella discovers that Maggie has come to do nothing but sunbathe and take money from her. Maggie asks Ella to finance an acting career for her; Ella agrees to match her salary dollar-for-dollar if she accepts a job with the assisted living section of her grandmother's retirement community. Meanwhile, Rose has decided to quit her job, become a dog-walker, and date Simon Stein  whom she had previously ignored. They become engaged. Maggie befriends one of her patients, a blind retired professor of English literature , who has asked Maggie to read works of poetry to him.The first poem Maggie is asked to read is i carry your heart with me by E. E. Cummings to Rose as a wedding gift."] ['England, 1908: Emily Ivory  is a wealthy young woman who lives with her Aunt Agnes  at Ivory\'s End, a large country house. At 22, as her aunt constantly reminds her, she is verging on spinsterhood. She meets her brother\'s best friend, Cedric Trilling , when the two come home from university. Aunt Agnes wants the two to fall in love: Cedric, however, is a pompous bore who is overly fond of quoting Homer on all sorts of not-quite-appropriate occasions; also, he\'s a repressed homosexual. When Emily\'s aunt sees the sparks failing to fly, she whisks everyone off to Italy, then India, hoping the romantic locations will bring on love. Emily\'s eye, however, soon wanders to the family\'s new manservant, George , a sturdy peasant who, earlier in the film, had the effrontery to fling off all his clothes and save her life when she was drowning in a pond. Now, Emily can\'t seem to forget his tall, manly frame and his "ripping set of unmentionables." . With George, Emily achieves carnal fulfillment, true love, and, eventually, motherhood and marriage. Although the upper-class characters disapprove of the alliance, nobody is more scandalised than George\'s father, who keeps reminding his son that he\'s "the scum of the earth." When Emily becomes pregnant, she suggests giving the child to George\'s father; George, appalled, begs her to sell it to pirates, abandon it on a mountain, or let it be raised by wolves instead. Cedric, too, finds love with Edward , Emily\'s handsome, cheerful twit of a brother. In that era, it was "the love that dare not speak its name"; however, during Emily\'s wedding scene, Edward takes Cedric\'s arm and shouts "WE LOVE EACH OTHER!" in church. Even Aunt Agnes meets someone special - an expatriate Englishman  who owns a tea plantation in India. At the end of the film, despite class differences, sexual taboos, and age prejudice, everyone seems likely to lead happy, sexually fulfilled lives ever after.'] ["The story takes place in an Irish village a few miles from the border with Northern Ireland. When the local Japanese owned computer factory closes, the principal employer in the area seems to become the mob that runs the smuggling. One day, Vinnie, , one of the men thrown out of work, and his brother-in-law, Arthur, ([[Eamon Morrissey , happen to see a videotape of the 1964 Elvis Presley film Roustabout, in the village bar. They see a cyclist in the film ride in a carnival Wall of Death - a high walled barrel-like tank where centrifugal force keeps the rider up in the air circling. Straight away Vinnie makes diagrams, and measures - and clears a patch of land near his house. His wife, Nora , protests and goes back to her mother with their little girl, Vicky. It's a new kitchen she wants, not a Wall of Death. The men however, continue with the work and sinking tree posts into the ground and putting up a huge cylindrical construction. They become energetic and resourceful. Vinnie believes his Wall of Death will be a source of income - that people will buy tickets to stand on a gallery around the top of the rink and watch him and Arthur give their daring performances. Nora returns. The film is based on actual events the film is based on a true story of two brothers-in-law Connie Kiernan and Michael Donoghue living in Granard, County Longford . They build a wall of death in their back garden for fun. The director, Peter Ormrod, had seen a huge, wooden tank just off the road when he was looking for items for Irish television."] ['Most of the movie is told as flashback: Puff  testifies to Congress, Lila Jute  tells her story to the police, while a dead Nathan Bronfman  addresses an unseen audience in the netherworld. Lila is a woman with a rare hormonal imbalance which causes thick hair to grow all over her body. During her 20s, Lila decides to leave society and live within nature where she feels free to exist comfortably in her natural state. She writes a successful book about her naked, savage, happy, and free life in the woods embracing nature. Then, at age 30, strong sexual desire causes her to return to civilization and have her hair removed in order to find a partner. The partner she finds is Dr. Nathan Bronfman, a psychologist researching the possibility of teaching table manners to mice. Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods one day. Lila sights a naked man in the woods who has believed himself to be an ape his entire life. Lila discards her clothes and chases him until he\'s cornered on a tree branch. The man falls off the branch and fall unconscious as Nathan comes along. Nathan brings this man to his lab where the man is named Puff. This name is after his French research assistant, Gabrielle\'s  childhood dog. We discover later from her phone call to an unknown person that she is actually an American with a fake French accent. First with the help of Gabrielle and later with Lila’s help, Nathan performs extensive manner training on Puff, so that he can speak and go through the motions of appreciating high culture, though he still has difficulty controlling sexual urges. To demonstrate his success, Nathan takes Puff on tour. Puff secretly drinks heavily and patronizes prostitutes. Meanwhile, Nathan and Lila\'s relationship deteriorates and Nathan has an affair with Gabrielle. Eventually Lila decides to take Puff back into the forest to undo his manner training and return him to his natural state. Lila and Puff live naked in the woods together until Nathan finds them one day and Puff kills Nathan. Lila turns herself in as the murderer and asks Puff to testify on the waywardness of humanity before he returns to his home in the forest. After the reporters and spectators leave, Puff comes back out of the forest and gets into a car with Gabrielle. They both drive off to get food . At the end of the movie, there is a philosophical passage read while the credits appear. It is an excerpt of William of Ockham from Opera Theologica in which Ockham explains his theory of intuitive cognition.Opera Theologica p.31 "Intuitive cognition is such that when some things are cognized, of which one inheres in the other, or one is spatially distant from the other, or exists in some relation to the other, immediately in virtue of that non-propositional cognition of those things, it is known if the thing inheres or does not inhere, if it is spatially distant or not, and the same for other true contingent propositions, unless that cognition is flawed or there is some impediment. [Opera Theologica I, p. 31]"'] ['In the early 1950s, Kalique, a port in North Africa, a man  is escorted through an angry, clamouring crowd by a platoon of soldiers. They enter a fort and it is clear that he is to be executed. The commander  orders the men to line up in two rows and gives the order to fire. As the shots ring out, the scene changes to a ferry ship, the "Golden Fleece" in the docks as the passengers embark for the two days\' journey to Gibralter. Amongst the crew, there is much dismay, and the chief officer, Carlos Ricco takes to his cabin with the clear intention of getting drunk. He is interrupted by an elderly gentleman, Lawrence St. James  who had come to speak his nephew, Captain Henry St. James on an unspecified, but urgent, matter. He is profoundly shocked to learn that the grief he had encountered on the ship is due to the death of the man he had traveled from England to see. He begs Ricco, to explain what has led to such an event. He learns that his nephew Henry was the prosperous owner and skipper of this small passenger ship which he captained as it ferried regularly to and fro between Gibraltar and Kalique, a port in North Africa. In Morocco, he lives with his lover, Nita {{spaced ndash}}a young, hot-blooded, exotic lady. She is 13 years younger than he and refers to him as "her Jimmy". He takes her out every night to expensive, fashionable restaurants and night clubs, where they lead a loud and wild lifestyle, and swim in the sea in the middle of the night. In Gibralter, he shares his life with Maud {{spaced ndash}}his devoting, domesticated wife, just three years his junior{{spaced ndash}}living a respectable, sober existence, and going to bed every night no later than ten o\'clock with their cocoa. St James gives Nita lingerie. He gives Maud a vacuum cleaner. Both are delighted. He has found a perfect existence{{spaced ndash}}his paradise. Growing perhaps complacent, St. James makes a careless mistake. This leads to Ricco, up till then believing Nita to be the captain\'s wife, discovering that the true Mrs. St James is living in Gibralter. Ricco is glad to assist St. James in maintaining the deception and is soon called into action when Maud flies to Kalique and by chance meets Nita. St. James arranges to have Maud arrested before she and Nita were about to realise that they are married to the same man. He convinces Maud that Morocco is a dangerous place and that she should never return there. The years pass by. Maud has twins. She is thrilled with her two boys, but when they are sent to school in England, Maud is no longer enamoured with her existence. She wants to dance and drink gin. On the other hand, Nita wants to stay home and cook for her man. Henry is dismayed and makes every effort to keep everything just the way it was. His attempts to maintain the status quo result in both women taking lovers. When St James discovers Nico\'s infidelity, he leaves the flat as she continues the argument with her lover, Absalom. Nita shoots and kills her lover. To spare Nita, Captain St. James claims he was the killer. The execution is then shown, but the firing squad swing their rifles to the left and shoot their commanding officer. St. James hands them money and walks away.'] ["Concert pianist Henry Orient  is trying to have an affair with a married woman, Stella Dunnworthy , while two teenage private-school girls, Valerie Boyd  and Marian Gilbert , stalk him and write their fantasies about him in a diary. Orient's paranoia leads him to believe that the two girls, who seem to pop up everywhere he goes, are spies sent by the husband of his would-be mistress. When Val's mother, Isabel Boyd , finds their diary, she suspects that Henry has acted inappropriately with her daughter. She contacts Orient and they end up having an affair. Val finds out about it, as does her dad."] ['The film centers on the relationship between Lady Mary Loam , a British aristocrat, and her butler, Crichton. Crichton fancies a romance with Mary, but she disdains him because of his lower social class. When the two and some others are shipwrecked on a desert island, they are left to fend for themselves in a state of nature. The aristocrats\' abilities to survive are far worse than those of Crichton, and a role reversal ensues, with the butler becoming a king among the stranded group. Crichton and Mary are about to wed on the island when the group is rescued. Upon returning to Britain, Crichton chooses not to marry Mary; instead, he asks a maid, Tweeny , to marry him, and the two move to the United States. The film contains two famous scenes, indicative of de Mille\'s predilections as a filmmaker. An early scene depicts Gloria Swanson bathing in an elaborate setting, attended by two maids, lavishing her with rose-water and bath salts, silk dressing gown and luxurious towels. Toward the end of the film, a fantasy sequence about ancient Babylon shows Swanson posed as Gabriel von Max\'s famous painting, "The Lion\'s Bride", which involved her being photographed with an actual lion.'] ['The Bumstead family decides to spend a healthy 4-July at the ranch Hannah. A young couple is preparing to flee. The boy, Charlie  and Blondie , when Charlie sprained ankle, so Dagwood  is preparing to take the girl for him. Dagwood comes to the window of his father by mistake, and like the old man is about to explode with anger, Baby Dumpling to explodes fireworks, but turns out to be a stick of dynamite.'] ["Set in 1930, the film opens in New York City, where femme fatale Mrs. Erlynne finds that she is no longer welcomed by either the high-ranking men she has seduced or the society wives she has betrayed. Selling her jewelry, she buys passage on a liner bound for Amalfi, Italy, where she apparently sets her sights on newlywed Robert Windemere. When his car frequently is seen parked outside her villa, local gossips become convinced the two are having an affair. Robert's demure wife Meg remains oblivious to the stories about the two circulating throughout the town, but when she discovers her husband's check register with numerous stubs indicating payments to Erlynne, she suspects the worst. What she doesn't know is that Erlynne actually is her mother, who has been extorting payments from Robert in return for keeping her secret. She is consoled with the advice:'plain women resort to crying; pretty women go shopping'. In retaliation for what she believes is her husband's transgression, Meg wears a revealing gown to her twenty-first birthday celebration, attended by Erlynne - wearing the same dress - in the company of Lord Augustus, a wealthy, twice-divorced man who has proposed marriage to Erlynne. Complications ensue when Lord Darlington professes his love for Meg and implores her to leave her supposedly wayward husband, an invitation she accepts. Erlynne, having found Meg's farewell note to Robert, intercepts her on Darlington's yacht, where the two are trapped when Augustus, Darlington, Robert, and friends arrive for a night of drinking. Robert is startled to see the fan he gave Meg for her birthday on board; while Meg makes a hasty escape, Erlynne reveals herself and claims she had taken it from the party in error; and Augustus, thinking his fiancée was planning a romantic rendezvous with Darlington, ends their engagement. Robert pays Erlynne to leave Amalfi immediately and begs her not to reveal her identity to Meg. Reluctantly, she complies with his wishes, although she returns his check before she departs. On board the plane waiting to take her to a new life, she discovers Augustus, who presents her with the fan Meg gave him when she confessed to him all that had really happened. Erlynne accepts his renewed proposal of marriage and the two depart for places unknown."] ['{{plot}} Montgomery "Monty" Kessler is an honors student in the Government program at Harvard University. Monty rooms with art student Courtney Blumenthal, radio DJ and trust fund child Everett Calloway, and neurotic pre-med student Jeff Hawkes, and is the pet project of Professor Pitkannan, a Nobel Laureate and staunch conservative. One night, while working on his thesis, his computer suffers a hard drive failure and all his data is lost. Paranoid about something happening to his sole printed copy, he leaves in the middle of the night to make copies, with Courtney following to make sure he is okay. While taunting Courtney for falling behind, Monty trips over a bike rack, breaking his ankle and dropping his thesis down a steam vent and into the boiler room of Widener Library. As Courtney distracts the night security guard, Monty sneaks down into the cellar to retrieve his paper. When he arrives in the boiler room, he sees a disheveled man reading it, then burning the thesis page by page. Shouting for him to stop, he is then attacked by the startled man. Asking only for his thesis back, the homeless man demands compensation for not burning it. Refusing a personal check, he demands donuts and fresh underwear. After returning to his house looking for advice and help from his roommates, he calls the university police on the man. They arrest him and search his belongings, but the thesis is not there. Following the man to his court appearance, his name is revealed to be Simon B. Wilder. After convincing the judge to dismiss the charges against him with impressive legal arguments, he is then held on contempt. Monty pays his fine so that he can get his thesis back. Following him outside, he confronts Simon about the paper. Although Simon blames Monty for getting him kicked out of the library, the two of them work out a deal for the thesis where Simon will give one page for each service Monty provides. Simon then takes up residence in Everett\'s broken-down van in the backyard of Monty\'s house. Confronted by his roommates, Monty assures them he will get Simon out as soon as possible. Rejecting Monty\'s idea of Social Security Disability benefits, Simon tries his best to teach Monty humility and humanity. Monty eventually warms up to Simon and the two become friends. During one memorable scene, Monty takes Simon to one of his classes with Professor Pitkannan, where Simon gets into an argument with the professor. Pitkannan attempts to humiliate Simon with his status as a homeless man, but Simon answers his question with such wisdom and eloquence that the entire class applauds as he leaves. Monty also tells Simon about how his father left him and his mother when he was five, having only sporadic contact with him until his death. Simon responds by showing him his collection of "memories," a bag of stones. Each stone reminds him of a specific memory like his "last good night of sleep" and a woman who was "the one". With time, some of the roommates learn to appreciate Simon\'s presence. Courtney appreciates the new, gentler Monty and Everett makes a deal with Simon to fix the van in exchange for wine. Jeff, however, is annoyed by having to pay for extra food and fears the possible reactions of his visiting parents. On a particularly cold night, Jeff rejects Monty\'s request for Simon to sleep in the cellar, threatening to move out with his share of the rent. Monty lies to Simon, who also asks to sleep in the cellar, but Simon sees through his deception and leaves in the middle of the night. After Jeff, Courtney, and Everett leave for Christmas break, Simon sends a homeless friend to the house with instructions to get a meal and deliver the rest of the thesis, along with a philosophical message. Delivering both, the friend tells Monty that Simon doesn\'t want to see him, but gives Monty his location at a church shelter. Monty goes to the church, discovering that the "shelter" is simply an alley filled with homeless people. He finds Simon on the ground wheezing and coughing and takes him home after promising not to take him to a hospital. He puts Simon up in the attic, their former roommate Boz\'s old room, and tells him that he can stay there as long as he likes with no deal. Simon then tells him that he has asbestosis from his days building and sailing ships for the Merchant Marines. Touched by Monty\'s courtesy, Simon agrees to accept government benefits to pay his way in the house. Recuperating over the break, Simon prepares a New Year\'s meal for the two of them, and is shocked to discover Monty has thrown out his old thesis and is writing a new one. As the roommates return home from break, Monty introduces Simon as their new housemate, but Jeff is reluctant to share the house with Simon and threatens to leave again. Eventually, Simon reconciles with Jeff by cooking him French toast, his favorite meal. While writing his own obituary, Simon reveals to Monty that he left his own wife and son when he joined the Merchant Marines. Monty is angry, but forgives him and brings Simon as his "date" to the biggest party of the year on campus. As the two watch Courtney dance with her on-again, off-again boyfriend "The Face", Simon recognizes that Monty loves her and gives Monty a poetic pep talk to not let her be a regret. Taking his friend\'s advice, Monty pursues Courtney and makes his true feelings known with a spontaneous kiss, which Courtney returns. Late that night, Monty and Courtney wake up to find Simon collapsed in the hallway and struggling to breathe. Monty then acquiesces to take Simon to see his long-lost son, Frank, even though it will mean missing his thesis deadline and thus losing his chance to graduate with honors. The entire household sets off on a road trip. When they arrive, Monty speaks to Frank, who initially refuses to meet Simon. Only after Monty tells him about Simon\'s failing health does he agree. The two talk for a minute, with Frank berating Simon for leaving and telling him he wants nothing to do with him. After his daughter  approaches, Frank tells her that Simon is nobody and leaves. Simon breaks down, grabs a stone for a "memory," and the roommates head back home. On the way, Simon has another asbestosis attack and leaves the van, intending to die alone in a field, recalling a story Simon once told about a dog of his who had done the same thing. Monty convinces Simon that he doesn\'t have to die alone, and the friends return home. As Simon lies in bed, the roommates take turns reading to him from Walt Whitman\'s Leaves of Grass. As Monty finishes his passage, Simon peacefully passes away. The four friends bury Simon in a cemetery, reading Simon\'s final obituary. He highlights each roommate\'s personality and especially congratulates Monty on his own personal honor. Monty breaks down and the friends embrace. Monty then goes to meet with Professor Pitkannan. The professor criticizes Monty for changing his thesis and for his new approach to government, but appreciates his beliefs and effort, saying there are few who agree with him either. He regrets that because Monty turned his paper in late, he could not graduate summa cum laude as he had intended. The pair shake hands and Monty leaves. At the graduation ceremony, the friends sit together and embrace as they are celebrated as the Class of 1994. They walk out, with Monty grabbing a stone for his own "memory".'] ['Set in the Roaring Twenties, the story centers on Nanette Carter, a Westchester socialite with show business aspirations. She offers to invest $25,000 in a Broadway show if her boyfriend, producer Larry Blair, casts her in the starring role. What she doesn\'t realize is Larry is two-timing her with ingenue Beatrice Darcy, who he envisions as the lead. When he accepts Nanette\'s offer, she imposes upon her wealthy, penny-pinching uncle, J. Maxwell Bloomhaus, to lend her the money. He\'s willing to do so, on one condition - for the next 24 hours, his niece must answer "no" to every question she\'s asked. Comic complications ensue when the cast arrives at Nanette\'s estate to rehearse, and composer and pianist Jimmy Smith, who has romantic designs on the girl, falls victim to the bet she\'s made with her uncle. Nanette wins, only to discover Uncle Max has lost all his money in the stock market crash. The only person still solvent is attorney William Early, and Nanette\'s assistant Pauline Hastings sets out to charm him into backing the show.'] ['The film opens with pub landlord and frequent holidaymaker Vic Flange  openly flirting with the sassy saucepot, Sadie Tompkins  as his battleaxe wife, Cora , looks on with disdain. Their twitching friend, Harry ([[Jack Douglas  arrives and lets slip that the package holiday Vic has booked to the Mediterranean island Els Bels  also includes Sadie, much to Cora\'s outrage. Cora, who avoids holidays because she hates flying, suddenly decides to accompany her boorish husband on the trip, to ensure he keeps away from Sadie. The next day, Stuart Farquhar , the representative of Wundatours Travel Agency, and his seductive assistant, Moira Plunkett , welcome the motley passengers. Among them the henpecked and love-starved Stanley Blunt  and his prudish, overbearing wife, Evelyn ; a drunken, bowler-hatted mummy\'s boy, Eustace Tuttle ([[Charles Hawtrey ; brash Scotsman, Bert Conway ; young and beautiful friends Marge and Lily ; and Brother Bernard , a timid young monk who has difficultly fitting into his new path of life. Unfortunately, upon their arrival they discover their hotel is only half-finished; the builders have just quit suddenly for unspecified reasons, leaving the remaining five floors unfinished. Distraught manager Pepe  desperately tries to run the place in a myriad of different guises - the manager, the doorman and the porter - and the chef is his shrewish wife, Floella , who battles repeatedly with the temperamental stove while their Lothario son Georgio idles behind the bar. The hotel also hides an assortment of faults and Pepe is soon overrun with complaints: Vic discovers Sadie naked in his shower; Lily and Marge\'s wardrobe has no back to it, allowing them to be accidentally seen by Brother Bernard in the opposite room; sand pours out of Moira\'s taps; the lavatory drenches Bert. The phone system itself is faulty and the guests end up complaining to each other for much of the time. Nevertheless, Stuart is determined to ensure everyone has a good time. Dinner the first night is foul and made even more unpleasant by an arrival of mosquitos. Although agreeing to play leapfrog with Tuttle, Lily and Marge have their eyes on other things. Marge takes a shine to Brother Bernard, while Lily lures the dashing Nicholas  away from his jealous  friend, Robin , and Marge and Brother Bernard develop an innocent romance. Meanwhile, Stanley Blunt attempts to seduce Cora whilst his nagging wife is not present, but Cora is more interested in keeping Vic away from Sadie, who grows fond of Bert Conway. While most of the party go off to the village, Stanley ensures his wife is left behind so that he can spend the day attempting to woo Cora. Vic samples a local drink, "Santa Cecelia\'s Elixer", which blesses the drinker with x-ray vision and he is able to see through women\'s clothing. However, the tourists are arrested for causing a riot at Madame Fifi\'s  local brothel; left-behind Evelyn is seduced by Georgio, which leads to her abandoning her frigid manners. In the local prison, Miss Plunkett seduces the Chief of Police, and the tourists are released. Back at the hotel, Mrs Blunt resumes her sex life with a surprised Stanley. The last night in the hotel starts as a success, with all the guests at ease with each other thanks to the punch being spiked with Santa Cecelia\'s Elixer. Midway through the night it begins to rain, and the hotel is shown to have been constructed on a dry river bed - as the hotel begins to collapse Pepe finally loses his patience and sanity with the guests, who party on, oblivious to the disintegrating hotel. The film shifts forward an unspecified period of time, and shows an Els Bels reunion at Vic & Cora\'s pub. All the guests are happy and reminisce about the holiday they barely survived.'] ["Queens car salesman Joey O'Brien  must deal with the ever-increasing pressures in his life: he has an ex-wife demanding alimony, a daughter who's missing, a married mistress  and a single mistress  who are both desperately in love with him, and a two-day deadline to either sell twelve cars or lose his job. In addition, he has an outstanding loan to a Mafia don which he must either quickly repay, or lose his life. On the day of the big dealership car sale , the car dealership is taken hostage by an AK-47-toting motorcyclist   who believes his wife  is cheating on him. Joey manages to talk the man out of doing any harm to the other hostages, as police surround the dealership. After most of the hostages are released, the police wound the assailant, not realizing his gun is not loaded. Joey promises to stick with him while he recovers. The crisis solves all of Jimmy's problems: his mistresses learn of each other and dump him, his daughter returns, his job is secure, the Mafia don  forgives his debt, and he begins to reconcile with his ex-wife."] ["Gino is a humble shoe-shiner in Chicago who is contacted by a Mafia don and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster. Gino agrees, planning to buy a fishing boat with the money he will earn after the three-year sentence. While preparing for his court confession, Gino is watched over by Jerry, a bottom-rung gangster who has recently gotten into trouble for failing to follow orders. After a short and boring stay at a local hotel, Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe before he goes to prison. After arriving at their casino, Jerry's tall tales and Gino's quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso, leading to complications for both men."] ["Three young men  share an apartment in Paris, and have many girlfriends and parties . Once, during a party, a friend of Jacques' tells him he has a quite compromising package  to deliver, and asks him if he can leave it discreetly at their place. Jacques agrees and, as he works as a steward, flies away for a one month trip in Japan, telling Pierre and Michel about the package. Then, one of Jacques' former girlfriends drops a baby before their door, making Pierre and Michel believing it is the package they are waiting for. Their lives are then completely changed. This movie follows the bachelors as they deal with angry gangsters, suspicious cops, and the overwhelming responsibility of fatherhood."] ["The film depicts the relatively primitive medical practices of the time and the suppositions that physicians made in their efforts to understand the human body. After King George III begins to go mad, his doctors attempt cures such as blistering and purges, led on particularly by the Prince of Wales' personal physician, Dr Warren. Meanwhile, another of the King's physicians, Dr. Pepys, analyzes the King's stool and urine believing that body wastes may contain some clue to the Royal malady; of course, none of these attempts to cure the King actually works. Finally, Lady Pembroke, attendant to the Queen, recommends Dr. Willis, an ex-minister who attempts to cure the insane through behavior modification, and who begins his restoration of the King's mental state by enforcing a strict regime of strapping the King into a waistcoat and restraining him whenever he misbehaves. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales has been scheming to have himself made Prince Regent, at which point he will effectively be King. He allies with the opposition, led by Charles Fox, to Prime Minister William Pitt's increasingly unpopular government. Tensions rise as the day of the Prince's appointment as Regent draws near, but Dr Willis is making good progress with the King, managing to bring him from his raving and violent state of mind back to a level of normality. As he improves, the King becomes less eccentric, and even manages to recite Shakespeare. Once the Lord Chancellor, Baron Thurlow, hears of the King's rapid recovery, the race begins to get the King to Parliament in time to stop the Prince of Wales being appointed Regent. They arrive just in time, the Prince's plans are thwarted, and King George returns to the throne and to the loving company of his wife the Queen."] ['The film loosely depicts the "last days" of the disco era in the early 1980s, when weirdness, sex, and drugs ran rampant. The story centers on Alice Kinnon  and Charlotte Pingress , two young Manhattan women fresh out of Hampshire College who work in a New York publishing house. The two women, companions but not necessarily close friends, frequent the local disco together in search of music, dance, and romance. They are starkly different in personality: Alice is intelligent, quiet, and rather soft-spoken, while Charlotte is outgoing, conceited, and brutally honest, giving Alice constant "advice". The women subsequently decide to move in together and find a third roommate, Holly , because neither of them makes quite enough money or receives enough help from her parents to cover the expense. They begin a friendship with one of the club\'s managers, Des , and find one-night stands and relationships through the ensuing year, until it appears that the disco era has ended. At the end of the film, Alice and Charlotte part ways after a conflict, and Charlotte and Des discuss how their "big" personalities are "too big" for most people with "healthy-size" personalities, such as Alice. The film closes with a spirited musical dance sequence on the subway with Alice, Josh , and the other passengers and pedestrians to The O\'Jays\' song "Love Train".'] ['Dr. Benjamin Stone  is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money  and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben\'s relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase "Good riddance, asshole" sliced out. Ben\'s cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster is interrupted when he crashes in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash damages the fence of local Judge Evans , who sentences him to community service at a nearby hospital. Ben offers to pay for the fence, but the stern judge increases his community service each time he talks back. Defeated, he reports to the hospital, where Nurse Packer  humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson , the town cafe\'s proprietor/head waitress , and Melvin , the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben\'s car. Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more laid-back than the emergency room. He has simple cases such as spots before the eyes , fishing hook impalings, and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, whose baby he later delivers. The experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis in the child. The town\'s curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue , orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue\'s treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. Hogue learns the boy had chewed his father\'s tobacco and explains the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomach ache. The two doctors finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. Since Hogue is chomping at the bit to retire, Ben is urged by the folksy locals to stay - the pay is only $35,000 a year  but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula , better known as "Lou." She is a single mother to four-year old Emma, the product of a relationship she had with a former boyfriend while living in New York. In the process, Ben confides that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and can\'t see himself confined to a small town. Ben is pardoned from community service after saving Hogue, and is free to go to California after his car is fixed. He shows signs of maturity from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients. Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon , a local insurance salesman. One day, Hank waits for Ben at the mayor\'s lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can\'t give Lou what Ben can, he\'s still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he\'s not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Putting career first, he leaves. On the west coast, Ben\'s new boss Dr. Halberstrom ([[George Hamilton  hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue. But Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills. He\'s surprised by the Mayor\'s daughter Nancy Lee  and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man\'s gotta do." Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.'] ['In a maternity clinic two children from families with completely different social backgrounds are switched at birth. One goes on to live in an uppe- middle-class family while the other to a poor family. Twelve years later, the mistake is discovered and the child living with the poor family is taken back by his parents, but keeps in touch with his former family and makes them encounter his new brothers and sisters. A series of satirical and comedic scenes follow.'] ['The principal setting of the story is Marwood Zoo , a fictional zoo that resembles Marwell Wildlife. Marwood Zoo has recently been acquired by Octopus Inc., a conglomerate headed by billionaire New Zealander Rod McCain , the most powerful man alive. Octopus Inc. requires that all its investments return at least a 20% profit. The director of the zoo is retired Hong Kong Police Force officer Rollo Lee . In order to meet the new revenue target, Lee institutes a "fierce creatures" theme, on the assumption that a zoo that only exhibits dangerous animals and emphasizes violence will attract more visitors. All the animal keepers, including the spider-handler Bugsy , vociferously protest the policy, and make various attempts to get Rollo to change his mind. When newly-hired executive Willa Weston  arrives at the zoo from Octopus Inc. to take over, she demotes Rollo to middle management. Tagging along is Vince McCain , vice president of marketing for Octopus Inc. and son of Rod McCain. The animals\' keepers are enraged when Vince covers zoo and animals alike with advertisements after secretly garnering numerous sponsorships. When Rod McCain arrives in London for a visit, everyone is concerned about the zoo\'s status. Rollo and Bugsy learn that Rod wants to close the zoo for under-performing, and it is revealed that Vince has been stealing the sponsorship money. A confrontation takes place at the zoo office, with Willa, Rollo and Bugsy stopping Vince from running off with a bag containing the money. When Bugsy refuses to shut up, Vince loses his temper and grabs a Beretta pistol from the management office. Rod arrives just as Vince is being subdued, and he announces that the police are on the way to arrest Vince for stealing. Vince tries but fails to shoot his father, and when Bugsy takes the pistol it accidentally goes off, shooting Rod between the eyes. In the panic that follows, a plan emerges to fool the arriving police. The animal caretakers work together to dress Vince up as Rod, since he can imitate his father\'s New Zealand accent fairly well. When the police and Rod\'s assistant, Neville, arrive, Vince  tells them that he has re-written his will, specifying that the zoo will become a trust of the caretakers and Vince inherits everything else, and he wants all of them to be witnesses. After signing the new will, Vince locks himself in a caretaker hut where he feigns Rod\'s suicide. Now free, the zookeepers destroy the evidence of McCain\'s ownership. Vince becomes the new CEO of Octopus , while Willa and Rollo begin a new life together while continuing to run the zoo.'] ['{{plot}} Mia Thermopolis is a 15-year-old private school sophomore who lives with her mother Helen Thermopolis and her cat, Fat Louie, in a renovated San Francisco firehouse. Mia is an average student and extremely unpopular. She is seemingly invisible to her crush, Josh Bryant and his cheerleader girlfriend Lana Thomas. Mia, however, has one best friend: Lilly Moscovitz as well as Lilly\'s brother Michael. A few weeks before Mia\'s 16th birthday, Mia learns her paternal grandmother is visiting from Genovia, a small European kingdom. Mia meets her grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi, at the Genovian consulate for the first time in her life. Queen Clarisse explains that the reason she wanted to see her was because of a "life-changing" problem. Mia learns that her father was Crown Prince of Genovia and, due to his recent death, she is now next and sole heir to the Genovian throne. She is shocked to learn that she is in fact a princess and runs away, rejecting the notion. Queen Clarisse visits Mia and Helen and explains that if Mia refuses the throne, Genovia will be without a ruler. She also explains that Mia needs to be presented as their princess at the upcoming Genovian State Dinner. Helen convinces Mia to attend "princess lessons" with the Queen, who tells Mia need not have to make her full decision until the annual Genovian Independence Day ball. The Queen gives Mia a limousine to use as well as her own bodyguard, Joe, the Queen\'s head of security. Mia begins seeing her grandmother everyday after school for her lessons, which include table manners, dancing, and personal presentation. Mia\'s frequent absence begins to put Lilly on-edge, and after Mia receives a makeover from Italian hairdresser Paulo, Lilly confronts her and accuses her of trying to be like the popular girls. Mia breaks down and tells Lilly everything, and Mia makes Lilly promise not to tell anyone  that she is a princess to avoid a frenzy with the press. The San Francisco Chronicle however learns that Mia is the Genovian Crown Princess after Paulo breaks his confidentiality agreement. Although thoroughly annoyed, Queen Clarisse presses onward and prepares for the State Dinner. Mia attends, but publicly humiliates herself and her grandmother with her clumsiness. While driving with her grandmother back to the Genovian consulate, Mia\'s car fails on a hill and rams into a cable car loaded with people. No one is hurt, but two nuns call the police. To save Mia a trip to the police station for driving without a license, Queen Clarisse appoints the police man and trolley master to the "Genovian Order of the Rose" . The men are so flattered that they drop any charges and give Queen Clarisse and Mia a ride back to the consulate in a police car. Josh Bryant, the popular boy Mia has a crush on, asks her to go with him to the school\'s annual beach party. She agrees, but Michael and Lilly are both hurt that she blew them off. The beach party spirals out of control when the media learns of Mia\'s presence. Josh uses her to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing Mia, after which Lana and two popular girls trick Mia into undressing in a tent. They remove the tent as she is semi-nude and call the paparazzi. Mia\'s gym coach shoos off the paparazzi and takes Mia home. Later that night, Mia cries in her mother\'s arms. The unflattering photos wind up on tabloid covers the following day and Queen Clarisse chides her granddaughter. Joe later reminds Queen Clarisse that although Mia is a princess, she is still a teenager and her granddaughter. To rescue her friendships with Lilly and Michael, Mia apologizes and invites them to the Genovian Independence Day Ball. Mia also publicly humiliates Lana by smearing ice cream on her cheerleader dress at school in front of students and calling her a jerk. Terrified knowing that she must personally and publicly announce her decision, Mia plans to run away. She is stopped when she receives a letter from her father written before his death. Touched by his words, she changes her mind and makes her way to the ball. Her car breaks down but she is taken by Joe, who arrives with a limousine . When they arrive, Mia voices her acceptance of the Genovian throne. She shares her first dance with Michael, who then takes her outside to the consulate\'s garden where they kiss. Clarisse and Joe are seen holding hands, signifying the start of a relationship. The last scene shows Mia on the plane with Joe and her cat, whose name is Fat Louie. Mia is writing in her diary, explaining that she is moving with her mother to Genovia, and that Lily and Michael will visit her during summer holiday. When Mia looks out of the plane\'s window, Joe welcomes her to Genovia as she sees the beautiful royal palace and landscape below.'] ['{{Expand section}} Doug Chesnic  is a Secret Service agent who takes great pride in his job, performing his duties with the utmost professionalism. However, his assignment for the last three years has been a severe test of his patience. Doug leads the team stationed in Ohio who protects Tess Carlisle , the widow of a former U.S. President, and who is well known for her diplomatic and philanthropic work, but Tess tends to regard Doug less as a security officer and more of a domestic servant, like her chauffeur, Earl , or her nurse, Frederick . Doug regards it as beneath his professional dignity to perform little chores around the house or bring Tess her breakfast in bed, but she orders him to do so, and he\'s in no position to say no. Sometimes, Tess even refuses to obey Doug\'s security instructions, eluding her own bodyguards, and anytime Doug argues with her, she contacts a close friend – the current President of the United States – to inform him of her displeasure. Doug\'s three-year hitch with Tess comes to an end, so he asks to be given a more exciting and challenging assignment. Tess has other ideas; she\'s decided that she likes working with Doug and demands that his assignment be made permanent. Doug does eventually get the excitement he craved, but in a way he could not foresee, when Tess gets kidnapped. Doug suspects Earl of being involved in the abduction and confronts him in his hospital room, where he claims he was rendered unconscious by the abductors. Doug threatens to shoot off Earl\'s toes, one by one, until he confesses his involvement and tells Doug and an FBI agent where Mrs. Carlisle is being held. Doug shoots off one of Earl\'s toes and, before he can shoot off another, Earl confesses his role and tells Doug that Mrs. Carlisle is being held captive by Earl\'s sister and her husband. The FBI and the Secret Service arrive at the location indicated by Earl, arrest the two kidnappers, and find Mrs. Carlisle buried, but alive, beneath the floor of the farmhouse. Mrs. Carlisle insists that her Secret Service detail accompany her to the hospital, forcing several high-ranking law enforcement officials to leave the rescue helicopter. Mrs. Carlisle is released from the hospital, but refuses to obey the hospital rule that patients must be discharged in a wheelchair. Doug tells her "Tess, get in the goddamn chair" and, after a brief pause, Tess complies, pats Doug\'s hand and says "Very good, Douglas."'] ["Richie Maxwell is down to his last quarter at a slot machine in Atlantic City, so he asks cousin Evan for two more coins for one more spin — a spin that wins a $400,000 jackpot. The joy of victory is quickly replaced by a fierce disagreement over who deserves what. Richie begins by offering Evan a very small percentage of his winnings. Evan didn't expect anything at first but now he is offended because he provided two-thirds of the money Richie sank into the machine. A bitter feud develops. Richie, a sneaker designer, hogs all the money and quits his job. Evan, a doctor, is so annoyed that, as a prank, he lets Richie believe he is dying. By the time he reveals the joke, Richie has done something drastic. The more rattled Evan gets, the more distracted he becomes at work. And even when the cousins come to a tentative truce, everything backfires on them in events that involve girlfriends, relatives and even the homeless."] ['Louise lives in Marne-la-Vallée, the Parisian suburbs, with Rémi, but still wants to hold on to the freedom of her single life, so she sets up a second home as a pied-de-tierre in the centre of Paris.'] ['Molly  and Carl  are preparing for their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl\'s friend Neil  interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree  got lost. They drive off together to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a light plane after landing on the wrong island. A day before the wedding, Molly\'s father , who is also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with humorous remarks at Carl\'s expense, foreshadowing a conflict between the two. Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be with Molly while he is about to perform a drinking tradition. Carl and Dupree later make up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly\'s father\'s jokes, and tells Carl that he has "Carlness." Carl and Molly get married. When Carl returns to work, at Molly\'s father\'s Thompson Land Development, he is surprised to find that Mr. Thompson has promoted him to be in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered somewhat. Mr. Thompson makes absurd requests which proceed to get worse, starting with Thompson\'s drastic reimagining of Carl\'s new architecture project, requesting that Carl take the Thompson name instead and that Carl get a vasectomy to prevent childbearing later on. Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree. After Neil leaves due to his wife\'s curfew, Dupree reveals that he was fired, as he apparently did not have clearance to attend the wedding, subsequently falling behind in his rent and evicted. Losing his car also, as it was the company\'s. Carl takes Dupree home, asking Molly if he can stay for a little while until he gets back on his feet. Molly is polite, though clearly frustrated as he is disruptive and messy. Molly sets up Dupree with a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian. Dupree agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them together when she opens her front door coming home from dinner. Romantic candles burn down the front of the living room and Dupree is evicted. Meanwhile Carl is being continually stressed out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for dinner. On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench in heavy rain with his belongings. Molly insists they take him back in. Carl makes it known that Dupree must behave this time. The next day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing Carl\'s thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids from the block. Carl asks Dupree to go to career day at Molly\'s work as he got tied up at his work and that night Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly, though Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him. When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that they were having dinner together, and have a fight. Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks Dupree. The following night, Mr. Thompson is over for dinner. Dupree climbs the drain pipe and sneaks inside to get his bags back, and during dinner the guests inside hear Dupree fall off the roof. Dupree is found outside and is invited in for dinner. After Mr. Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with him, it enrages Carl, who jumps across the table and attempts to strangle Dupree; Thompson hits Carl over the head with a candlestick shortly after. After returning from the hospital with a neck brace, Dupree and Molly confront Mr. Thompson about what he really thinks of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left. The next morning Dupree gets all the local kids to search for Carl. Dupree eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase after Molly. Dupree helps Carl break in to Mr. Thompson\'s office, as Dupree distracts Paco, the security guard, whilst Carl marches into his father-in-law\'s office and confronts him. The two finally reach an understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting Carl. Dupree and Carl return to the house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree to work it all out. Dupree becomes an author and a motivational speaker, with Paco now at his side as his number two. After the End Credits, Lance Armstrong is shown lying down on the grass reading Dupree\'s own book repeating the word "Lance-ness" to himself with different pronunciations.'] ["A dissatisfied yuppie couple in the IT business, with no kids and a fancy house in a prestige neighbourhood, have a few weeks off before new career challenges. Envious about their friends' exotic holiday destinations, they meet a travel agent at a party, offering them the ultimate experience: a one month vacation under a false identity in Jakomäki, a suburban block of flats in Helsinki. Part of the deal is that their credit cards, house, passports, keys and custom automobile are all traded in for a run-down house and four envelopes each with a weekly cash allowance. Acting as an unemployed couple, their street credibility is often questioned by their new neighbours who are more at home with the ways of the concrete jungle. However, they discover after the first week that the second envelope is empty and that the travel agency where they purchase their vacation does not exist."] ['Bridget Jones  is frustrated: she is in her early thirties, still single, very accident prone and worried about her weight. She works in publicity at a book publishing company in London where her main focus is fantasizing about her boss, Daniel Cleaver . At a New Year party hosted by her parents, she re-meets Mark Darcy , the barrister son of her parents\' friends. They had known each other as children. After their initial encounter, Mark thinks that Bridget is a fool and Bridget thinks that he is arrogant and rude, and is disgusted by his jumper with a huge reindeer. After a day beset by a series of mishaps, she misplaces her purse, breaks her coffee mug and gets stuck in a lift. When she returns home that evening, her shopping bags split. She reaches to pull the curtains, only for them to fall off the wall. That is the final straw of a stressful day. When she catches sight of her reflection in the window, she decides to turn her life around. She starts her own diary, which covers all her attempts to stop smoking, lose weight and find her Mr. Right. Bridget and Daniel begin to flirt heavily at work, first over email. After a book launch, they start a relationship, despite the fact that he is a notorious womanizer with a questionable personality, of which Bridget is aware, from when stating earlier in the film that she will not form relationships with alcoholics, workaholics, peeping-toms, megalomaniacs, or perverts. Bridget learns from Daniel that he and Mark have a history and, as a result, hate each other. Daniel informs Bridget of their falling-out, telling her that Mark broke their friendship by sleeping with his fiancée. Daniel\'s dubious character becomes clearer and clearer to Bridget and she eventually breaks off their relationship when she catches him with another woman, a colleague of his, Lara . After a spectacular departure from the office, in which Daniel\'s desperate attempts to make Bridget stay spark the comment "I\'d rather have a job wiping Saddam Hussein\'s arse", she finds a new job in television. She and Mark have run-ins at a bed and breakfast and at a mutual friend\'s dinner party. During the party, Mark, who has come to the dinner with his colleague, Natasha , privately confesses to Bridget that, despite her faults, he likes her "just the way she is". He later helps Bridget to achieve an important interview for work, in which her quirky approach prompts the classic comment "Bridget Jones - already a legend". She begins to develop feelings for Mark. Just as Bridget and Mark\'s mutual attraction comes together at a birthday dinner party hosted by Bridget, Daniel comes back, temporarily claiming Bridget\'s attention. Mark originally leaves the party, but returns to face Daniel. Mark punches Daniel and the two fight. They end up in a nearby restaurant and finally smash through the window, landing on the street. Mark wins the battle and knocks Daniel out. Bridget chides Mark but afterwards, after an insensitive appeal by Daniel, she says emphatically that she doesn\'t want to be with him. Bridget learns the truth about Mark and Daniel\'s falling-out after her mother lets it out in conversation - that it was actually Daniel who had seduced Mark\'s wife . At a dinner party the same day, Bridget confesses her feelings for Mark, only to find out that he and Natasha are both leaving to accept jobs in New York. Bridget interrupts the toast to their pending engagement with a halting but moving speech about England losing one of its finest men. Her words clearly have an effect on Mark, as he realises what she really means, but he still flies to New York, though with obvious misgivings. Just as Bridget starts to embark on a trip to Paris with her friends to mend her broken heart, Mark returns to stay with her. When they are about to kiss for the first time, Bridget goes to her bedroom to change her undergarments, remarking that this is "an occasion for genuinely tiny knickers." While Bridget is changing, Mark peeks at her diary, in which she has written many insults about him. Bridget returns to find that he has left. Realizing that he had read her diary and that she might potentially lose him again, Bridget runs outside after him in a thin sweater and zebra skin-print underwear. Unable to find him and disheartened, she is about to return home when Mark appears holding a new diary, "to make a fresh start". They kiss in the snow-covered streets and the film closes.'] ['Feelgood prison-escape movie that sees a group of prison inmates , put on a theatrical show of Nelson: The Musical to cover their daring break-out attempt. Anne Dudley collaborated with Stephen Fry to write and produce songs for the send-up musical "Nelson".'] [" Constance, Countess of Trentham , and her lady's maid, Mary Maceachran  travel to Gosford Park for the weekend. On the way, they encounter actor Ivor Novello , American film producer Morris Weissman  and Weissman's valet, Henry Denton . At the house, they are greeted by Sir William McCordle , Lady Sylvia McCordle  and their daughter, Isobel . The other guests include Lady Sylvia's sisters, Louisa, Lady Stockbridge  and Lady Lavinia Meredith  and their husbands, Raymond, Lord Stockbridge  and Commander Anthony Meredith . Also in attendance are the Honourable Freddie Nesbitt  and his wife, Mabel ; Isobel's suitor, Lord Rupert Standish  and his friend Jeremy Blond . Commander Meredith is in financial difficulty and brings up the matter with Sir William, who reveals that he is rescinding his investment in Meredith's new scheme. Sir William also intends to stop paying Lady Trentham's allowance. Mary and Lord Stockbridge's valet, Parks  are attracted to one another. Denton asks a number of questions about life in service and Parks reveals that he was raised in an orphanage. Denton meets Lady Sylvia and during the night, he goes to her room. During the pheasant shoot Sir William is slightly injured by a low shot. Commander Meredith pleads with Sir William not to back out of the investment. During dinner, Lady Sylvia attacks Sir William, implying that he was a World War I profiteer. The head housemaid, Elsie , rises to his defence, thus revealing their affair. Sir William goes to the library, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Wilson  brings him coffee. He demands a glass of whisky instead. Lady Sylvia asks Mr. Novello to entertain the guests. George , Parks, Mr. Nesbitt and Commander Meredith disappear and an unknown man goes to the library and stabs Sir William. Commander Meredith and Mr. Nesbitt do not offer an explanation of their disappearances, while George was fetching milk for the coffee service and Parks was fetching hot water bottles. Lady Stockbridge goes to the library and her screams bring everyone to the room. Inspector Thomson  and Constable Dexter  arrive to investigate the murder. Dexter suggests that Sir William was already dead when he was stabbed. Denton confesses to Jennings , the butler, that he is not a valet but an American actor preparing for a movie role. The next morning, Lady Sylvia goes for her morning ride, which surprises Inspector Thomson. Barnes  overhears Commander Meredith tell Lady Lavinia that Sir William's death was lucky for them, as the investment is now secure. Barnes tells Inspector Thomson, who interrogates Meredith. Mrs. Croft  tells the kitchen maid, Bertha , that Sir William was known for seducing the women working in his factories. If a woman became pregnant, Sir William offered two choices: keep the baby and lose your job, or give the baby up and keep your job. Those who gave up their babies were told that the adoptions were being arranged with good families. In reality, Sir William paid orphanages to take the children. Mary goes to Parks's room and tells him that she knows he is the murderer. Parks tells her that he discovered Sir William was his father, entered service and attempted to gain employment with someone in his circle. Parks tells Mary that he did not poison Sir William and Mary is relieved, as Parks only stabbed the corpse. Mary listens to Lady Sylvia and Lady Trentham discussing why Mrs. Croft and Mrs. Wilson are enemies. Lady Sylvia believes that the tension between them stems from the fact that Mrs. Wilson now outranks Mrs. Croft. Lady Trentham asks if Mrs. Wilson was ever married and Lady Sylvia replies that her name was once Parks or Parker. Mary goes to Mrs. Wilson and the older woman reveals that she poisoned Sir William in order to protect her son, as she knew that Parks was there to kill Sir William. She also reveals that she and Mrs. Croft are sisters. After talking to Dorothy , Mrs. Wilson goes to her room and is comforted by Mrs. Croft. The guests leave and Lady Sylvia enters Gosford Park, while Jennings closes the door."] ['Isabel  visits her sister, Roxeanne , a poet who is living in Paris with her husband, Charles-Henri, and her young daughter, Gennie. Roxy is pregnant, but her husband has just walked out on her. She holds the lie that he is "in the country" selling a painting. Isabel discovers the truth and agrees to go see Charles-Henri with Roxy to give him his contacts which he left behind. Arriving, Charles-Henri makes an excuse to leave when Paris-based American author Olivia Pace , a friend of Roxy\'s, arrives. Olivia offers Isabel a job which she takes. Later, the sisters go to the country to visit Charles-Henri\'s family for Sunday brunch. It is there that Isabel meets Charles-Henri\'s mother , along with Charles-Henri\'s uncle, Edgar. Later, while helping Olivia, Isabel meets Yves, another one of Olivia\'s workers. The two have sex, and afterwards while watching television Isabel sees Edgar giving a speech and admits she is attracted to him. The two have lunch and begin an affair, but Isabel still strings Yves along. Edgar sends a Hermes Paris Kelly bag to Isabel, which is an expensive item Roxy knows Isabel can\'t afford, and Isabel tells Roxy of their affair. Meanwhile, Roxy meets Charles-Henri\'s own mistress, Magda Tellman. Magda\'s husband, an American, begins to stalk Isabel\'s apartment complex. One afternoon, Roxy meets Charles-Henri at a park where Gennie rides a carousel. The two talk and Roxy says she doesn\'t want a divorce, but Charles-Henri does. Roxy admits she\'s been thinking about names and likes Henri-Luc. Charles-Henri is still not entertained and leaves. Later that evening, Isabel finds a bloody, unconscious Roxy on the sofa and calls an ambulance. Roxy lives and apologizes for her attempt at suicide and is aided by her lawyer. Isabel calls the family to Paris to help with Roxy. This only further complicates things, especially when Edgar\'s wife, Amelie, discovers the affair through Edgar\'s sister and Roxy\'s mother-in-law. Along with this, Olivia\'s own long over affair with Edgar is exposed, and Charles-Henri is found dead, murdered by Magda Tellman\'s husband in a crime of passion. Mr. Tellman follows the Walkers up the Eiffel Tower where he corners them and pulls a gun, demanding to have an opportunity to explain to an absent Roxy why he killed her husband. After some persuasion, Tellman slides the gun over to Isabel who puts it in her Kelly bag before throwing it off the Eiffel Tower. Subsequently, Edgar ends his affair with Isabel with a Chanel scarf and a blunt, brief lunch. Charles-Henri\'s mother still stays involved with her new grandson, presumably named Henri-Luc or Luc\'s, life. Roxy marries her lawyer, Isabel begins a real relationship with Yves and the family painting by La Tour of Saint Ursula sells for almost USD 4 million. This prompts the family to begin a foundation for Saint Ursula based in Paris.'] ['Timothy Bartlett  leaves his wife and kids to go on a business trip and has an affair with a young woman played by Sally Geeson.'] ["Hirata  is a successful Japanese businessman whose plan for a two-week winter holiday in Hawaii to play golf changes when his elderly grandfather  reminds him that he should go to Iceland. Hirata’s parents died there seven years ago, and the seven year death anniversary is a significant event in Japanese culture. Hirata must perform a ceremony in the river where they died after drowning in an avalanche – the drowned must be fed by the surviving family members if they are to find peace. Hirata goes to Iceland – to Reykjavík. His final destination is a remote river on the far side of the island. He encounters one mishap and misadventure after another. He first accidentally gets on a wrong bus filled with German tourists traveling to see the hot springs. He also confronts a language barrier, since he cannot speak any Icelandic, and knows very little English. After his first day's misadventures, Hirata decides to purchase an ancient, bright red Citroën DS to make the journey. During the long drive, Hirata meets several strange people along the way. These include the mystical woman who sells him the car, that only plays one radio station, a woman who collects photographs of funerals, two American hitchhiker/fugitives , who turn out to be armed and dangerous who proceed to steal his car. Nearing his destination, Hirata meets an old man  named Siggi, the owner of a local lodge who teaches Hirata how to drink the most potent alcoholic beverage in Iceland. After explaining his determination to travel to where his parents died, Hirata is aided by Siggi who borrows a pair of Icelandic horses from a local farmer, and the two of them travel on horseback to Hirata's destination. After riding across an ice cap glacier, over a ridge and into the valley where Hirata's parents died, he dismounts and is told by Siggi that he must go on alone to complete his journey. After traversing a rickety bridge to the river, Hirata arrives at the river bank where he performs his cleansing ceremony at last."] ['Torrance Shipman  anxiously dreams about her first day of senior year. Her boyfriend, Aaron , has left for college, and her cheerleading squad, the Toros, is aiming for a sixth consecutive national title. Team captain, "Big Red" , is graduating and Torrance is elected to take her place. Shortly after her election, however, a team member is injured and can no longer compete. Torrance replaces her with Missy Pantone , a gymnast who recently transferred to the school with her brother, Cliff . Torrance and Cliff quickly develop a flirtatious friendship. After watching the Toros practice, Missy realizes the squad has been copying routines from a rival team that her previous high school competed against. She drives Torrance to Los Angeles, where they watch the East Compton Clovers perform routines that are virtually identical to the Toros\'. Isis , the Clovers\' team captain, angrily confronts the two. Torrance learns that "Big Red" regularly attended the Clovers\' practices to videotape and steal their routines. Isis informs Torrance of her plans to defeat the Toros at the regional and national championships, which the team has never attended due to their economic hardship. When Torrance tells the Toros about the routines, the team still votes in favor of using the current routine to win; Torrance reluctantly agrees. At the Toros\' next home game, Isis and her teammates show up and perform the Toro\'s routine in front of the whole school, humiliating them. The Toros realize that they have no choice but to learn a different routine. In desperation, they employ a professional choreographer named Sparky Polastri, which was suggested by Torrance\'s boyfriend, Aaron. At the Regionals, the team before the Toros performs the exact routine they had been practicing. The Toros have no choice but to perform the very same routine. After the debacle that ensues, Torrance speaks to a competition official and is told the routine was given to several other teams in California. As the defending champions, the Toros are nevertheless granted their place at Finals, but Torrance is warned that a new routine will be expected. Torrance, crushed by her failure to lead the team successfully, considers quitting. Cliff encourages and supports her, intensifying their growing attraction. Aaron, however, suggests that she is not leadership material and recommends that she step down from her position. When Cliff sees Torrance and Aaron together, he severs his friendship with Torrance. Although distressed, Torrance\'s confidence is renewed by Cliff\'s encouragement and she convinces her unhappy team to create an innovative, new routine instead. She breaks up with Aaron, realizing his inability to be supportive and infidelity, but Cliff still refuses to forgive her. Meanwhile, the Clovers are initially unable to compete at Nationals due to financial problems. This prompts Torrance to get her dad\'s company to sponsor the Clovers, but Isis rejects the money and gets her team to Nationals by appealing to a talk show host who grew up in their area. In the finals, the Toros place second, while the Clovers win. However, Torrance and Isis find respect in each other. Cliff and Torrance share a kiss.'] ['Mr. Neville ([[Anthony Higgins , a young and arrogant artist and something of a Byronic hero, is contracted to produce a series of 12 landscape drawings of an estate by Mrs. Virginia Herbert  for her absent and estranged husband. Part of the contract is that Mrs. Herbert agrees "to meet Mr. Neville in private and to comply with his requests concerning his pleasure with me." Several sexual encounters between them follow, each of them acted in such a way as to emphasise reluctance or distress on the part of Mrs Herbert and sexual aggression or insensitivity on the part of Mr Neville. Meanwhile, whilst living on the estate, Mr. Neville gains quite a reputation with its dwellers, especially with Mrs. Herbert\'s son-in-law, Mr. Talmann. Mrs. Herbert, wearied of meeting Mr. Neville for his pleasure, tries to terminate the contract before all of the drawings are completed and orders Mr. Neville to stop. But he refuses to void the contract and continues as before. Then Mrs. Herbert\'s married, but as yet childless, daughter, Mrs. Talmann, who has apparently become attracted to Mr. Neville, seems to blackmail him into making a second contract in which he agrees to comply with what is described as her pleasure, rather than his — a reversal of the position in regard to her mother. A number of curious objects appear in Neville\'s drawings, which point ultimately to the murder of Mr. Herbert, whose body is discovered in the moat of the house. Mr. Neville completes his twelve drawings and leaves the house. But fatefully he returns to make an unlucky thirteenth drawing. In the evening, while Mr. Neville is apparently finishing the final sketch, he is approached by a masked stranger, who is obviously Mr. Talmann in disguise, who is then joined by Mr. Noyes, Mr. Seymore and the Poulencs, a pair of eccentric local landowner twins. The party accuses Mr. Neville of the murder of Mr. Herbert, for the drawings can be interpreted to suggest more than one illegal act and to implicate more than one person. After he defensively denies such accusations, the group ask Mr. Neville to remove his hat. He agrees mockingly, at which point they hit him on the head, burn out his eyes, club him to death, and then throw him into the moat, at the exact place where Mr. Herbert\'s body was found.'] ['Cher Horowitz  is a good-natured but superficial girl who is attractive, popular, and extremely wealthy. At a few months shy of sixteen, she has risen to the top of the high school social scene and is happy and self-assured in her insular, fashion-obsessed world. She lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with her father, Mel , a ferocious $500-an-hour litigator; her mother has long since died, having succumbed to complications while undergoing liposuction. Cher\'s best friend is Dionne Davenport , who is also rich, pretty, and hip, and understands what it\'s like to be envied. Among the few people to find much fault with Cher is Josh , her socially conscious ex-stepbrother who visits during a break from college. Josh and Cher spar continually but without malice; she refers to him as "granola breath" and mocks his scruffy idealism, while he teases her for being selfish, vain, and superficial, and says that her only direction in life is "toward the mall." Illustrating that Cher\'s selfishness is usually innocent and relatively harmless, Cher plays matchmaker for two lonely, nerdy, hard-grading teachers, Mr. Hall  and Miss Geist . She achieves her original purpose – to make them relax their grading standards so she can renegotiate a bad report card – but when she sees their newfound happiness, she realizes she likes doing good deeds. Cher now decides that the ultimate way she can give back to the community would be to "adopt" a "tragically unhip" new girl at school, Tai Frasier . Cher and Dionne give Tai a makeover and initiate her into the mysteries of popularity. Cher also tries to extinguish the strong mutual attraction between Tai and Travis , an amiable skateboarding slacker, and to steer her toward Elton , a rich snob. Her second matchmaking scheme backfires when Elton rejects Tai and makes a play for Cher. Matters worsen, however, when Cher\'s "project" works a bit too well and Tai\'s popularity begins to surpass Cher\'s, especially after Tai has a "near-death" adventure at the mall that helps to skyrocket her to fame at school. Other classmates, including Dionne and Cher\'s longtime rival, Amber , soon gravitate toward Tai, and Cher finds herself demoted from queen to courtier at high school. Meanwhile, Cher has a couple of romantic mishaps with boys at school. The first involves Elton; the next concerns Christian ([[Justin Walker , a handsome classmate with great fashion sense who turns out to be gay. Cher naively and repeatedly fails to recognize Christian\'s homosexual tendencies, and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him while they are alone one night watching Spartacus. The next day, Dionne\'s boyfriend, Murray , roars with laughter, which makes Cher\'s mistake clear to her at last. Events reach a crisis after Cher fails her driver\'s test and can\'t "renegotiate" the result. When Cher goes home, crushed, Tai confides that she\'s taken a fancy to Josh and wants Cher to help her "get" him. Cher says she doesn\'t think Josh is right for her, and they quarrel. Cher, left all alone, begins to think she has created a monster in her own image. Feeling "totally clueless", she reflects on her priorities and her repeated failures to understand or appreciate the people in her life. Most of all, she keeps thinking about Josh and Tai, and wonders why she cares so much. After much soul-searching , Cher discovers she has fallen in love with Josh. She begins making awkward but sincere efforts to live a more useful life, even captaining the school\'s Pismo Beach disaster relief effort. A scene near the end of the film finds Cher and Josh stumbling over how to admit their mutual feelings for each other, finally culminating in a tender kiss on the stairs of her home. The film has a happy Hollywood ending for Cher: Mr. Hall and Miss Geist get married; her friendships with Tai and Dionne are reaffirmed; Tai and Travis are in love; and, in Josh\'s arms, she too has now finally found love.'] ['Shred is a motion picture that tells the story of two washed up pro snowboarders from the 90s named Max  and Eddy  who attempt to cash in on the fantastic growth of the sport by starting their own snowboard camp. Hoping to recapture their former glory, they begin by sharing their wacky wisdom with a group of up and coming young snowboarders. The story takes them from the run down ski hill where they grew up to a major event at one of the biggest resorts in the west. The pair face off against Kingsley Brown , a deviously sleazy corporate snowboard rep and arch-nemesis to Max and Eddy. With the assistance of his lackey Sphinx , the underhanded Kingsley sets out to ruin the ambitions of Max and Eddy by any means necessary.'] ["The peace and quiet enjoyed by the residents of the exclusive neighborhood of Rock Bay, Long Island is disturbed by a newspaper gossip column tidbit that one of their maids is writing a tell-all book about her employers. Since the author is not identified, each family fears that its secrets will be aired in public. Among those confused and distraught are Dr. Sommerfield  and his wife Sophia . Their teenage daughter Miranda , however, is thrilled. Their longtime cook Mrs. McKessic  arranges a meeting of the neighborhood servants, in which they decide to band together against the attempts by many of their employers to spy on them to learn who the writer is. The author is the Sommerfields' young maid Martha Lindstrom . She secretly visits her publisher, Joel Archer , to try to get him to stop planting stories in the newspapers to generate interest in the upcoming book. When the Sommerfields' son, Jeff , returns unexpectedly after a year and a half away studying the Eskimos, he introduces the family to his new fiancee, mathematician Sylvia Norwood ([[Frances Drake . This upsets Martha greatly, although she manages to hide it. It turns out that just before he left on his expedition, Jeff got drunk and married Martha. When he sobered up, he had second thoughts. As he had to leave almost immediately, he gave Martha money to get an annulment or a divorce. Unbeknownst to him, she did not do so, as she was in love with him. Instead, she took night classes to make herself more acceptable to his social class. Jeff is surprised to find her still working for his family. When he discovers they are still married, he insists she get the marriage dissolved so he can wed Sylvia. To complicate her life even further, both Archer and local Casanova and handyman Danny O'Brien  are strongly attracted to Martha. She is tempted by Archer, as Jeff shows no signs of returning her feelings for him. Finally, Archer crashes the Sommerfields' dinner party, and is provoked by the guests' harsh comments into stating first that he will be publishing the book and then that Martha is the author. After the last revelation, Martha flees with Archer in his car. Jeff realizes he loves her; he chases and catches her, and they are reconciled."] ['Irma la Douce ["Irma the Sweet"] tells the story of Nestor Patou , an honest cop, who after being transferred from the park Bois de Boulogne to a more urban neighborhood in Paris, finds a street full of prostitutes working the at Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid the place. The police inspector, who is Nestor\'s superior, and the other policemen, have been aware of the prostitutes but are tolerating them in exchange for bribes. The inspector, a client of the prostitutes himself, fires Nestor, who is accidentally framed for bribery. Kicked off the force and humiliated, Nestor finds himself drawn to the very neighborhood that ended his career with the Paris police - returning to Chez Moustache, a popular hangout for prostitutes and their pimps. Down on his luck, Nestor becomes close friends with Irma La Douce , a popular prostitute. He also reluctantly accepts, as a confidant, the proprietor of Chez Moustache, a man known only as "Moustache". (In a running joke, Moustache  After Irma dumps her pimp boyfriend, Nestor moves in with her, and he soon finds himself as Irma\'s new pimp. Jealous of the thought of Irma with other men, Nestor comes up with a plan to stop Irma\'s prostitution. But he soon finds out that it\'s not all that it\'s cracked up to be. He invents an alter-ego, "Lord X", a British peer who "becomes" Irma\'s sole client. Nestor\'s plans to keep Irma off the streets soon backfire and she becomes suspicious, since Nestor must work long and hard to earn the cash "Lord X" pays Irma. When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X, Nestor decides to end the charade. Unaware that he\'s being tailed by Irma\'s former pimp, he finds a secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it. The pimp, not having seen Nestor change his clothes, sees "Lord X"\'s clothes floating in the water, and concludes that Nestor murdered him. Arrested by the police, Nestor is advised by Moustache against revealing that Lord X was a fabrication. "The jails are full of innocent people because they told the truth," the barkeep claims. Following Moustache\'s advice, Nestor admits to having killed Lord X, but only because of his love for Irma. Hauled off to jail, but with Irma in love with him, Nestor is sentenced to 15 years\' hard labor. Learning that Irma is pregnant Nestor escapes from prison, with Moustache\'s help, and returns to Irma. He narrowly avoids being recaptured when the police search for him in Irma\'s apartment, but donning his old uniform Nestor simply blends in with the other police. With the help of Irma\'s ex-pimp, Nestor arranges for the police to search for him along the Seine from which, dressed as Lord X, he emerges. Knowing he can\'t be rearrested for a murder that the police now know didn\'t occur, Nestor rushes to church, where he plans to marry Irma. They barely make it through the ceremony before Irma delivers their baby. While Nestor and everyone else is occupied with Irma, Moustache notices one of the guests sitting alone in the front row. Rising from his seat and walking past Moustache, the guest is none other than Lord X! A clearly baffled Moustache looks at Lord X, and then at the audience. "But that\'s another story", he says.'] ['"Smoking" and "No Smoking" are two segments of the film which are based on closely connected plays. The original plays covered eight separate stories, which have been pared down to three each for these movies. At a certain point in the story of each segment, the five female characters  and the four male characters  have their lives skillfully recapped in terms of "what might have happened" if they had made or failed to make certain choices. For example, "No Smoking" focuses chiefly on the relationship between the mild-mannered Miles Coombes and his infinitely more aggressive and ambitious wife, Rowena. The narrator is voiced by Peter Hudson.'] ['Julie Richman  is a Valley Girl who seems to have it all: good looks, popularity, and a handsome Valley dude boyfriend, Tommy ([[Michael Bowen . However, she has grown tired of Tommy\'s lack of respect and arrogance towards her. At the end of a shopping trip with her friends, Loryn , Stacey , and Suzi , Julie runs into Tommy and breaks up with him, returning his I.D. bracelet. Later that day at the beach, Julie spies a handsome young man, and the two trade shy glances at each other. That night, at the party at Suzi\'s house, Julie locks eyes with Randy , a Hollywood punk who has crashed the party with his friend, Fred . They hit it off well, especially after Julie learns that Randy was the young man she had seen at the beach earlier, but a jealous Tommy, who had tried to bed Loryn earlier, and his cronies violently expel Randy and Fred. Randy eventually returns to Suzi\'s house, sneaks inside, and hides in the bathroom, waiting for Julie to cross his path. When she does, he convinces her to leave the party with him. Julie brings a very reluctant Stacey along for the ride with Randy and Fred out of the valley and into Hollywood. While at Randy\'s favorite nightclub, Julie and Randy find their attraction to each other growing and share a kiss, as Stacey continually rebuffs Fred\'s advances. Julie\'s blossoming romance with Randy disgusts her friends, because Randy is a punk and not from the Valley. They threaten Julie with the loss of her popularity and their friendship if she continues to date Randy. Julie goes to her father , an aging 1960s era hippie, for advice. Mr. Richman kindly tells her that she should follow her heart, reminding her that it is what is inside a person that counts. Despite her father\'s sage advice, Julie caves to peer pressure and reconciles, albeit awkwardly, with Tommy, who puts his I.D. bracelet back on her wrist. That evening, Julie tearfully dumps Randy when he goes to visit her. Randy, realizing that Julie has given in to her friends\' wishes, curses at her and leaves. A heartbroken and drunk Randy later arrives at the nightclub, and ends up in the arms of his ex-girlfriend, Samantha . After a heated make-out session with Samantha, Randy feels even more miserable than before. He nearly gets into a fight with a gang of low riders before Fred saves him. Fred chides Randy for moping over Julie, but tells him that he needs to fight if he truly wants her back. Over the next few days, Randy flits about the Valley, trying to be where his path would cross Julie\'s. She seems covertly glad to see him, but is quite shaken when she catches him sleeping on the front lawn outside her window. Fred devises a plan that he dubs "simplicity at its finest," one that will both reunite Randy with Julie and achieve the "grandest form of retribution" against Tommy. As the girls make prom decorations, Stacey and Loryn chat over their post-prom plans. Stacey tells Loryn that Tommy had made a reservation at the Valley Sheraton Hotel, unbeknownst to Julie. The night of the Valley High junior prom, Tommy and Julie ride to the prom in a rented stretch limousine. Randy and Fred arrive shortly after and sneak backstage, watching the Valley High kids dancing to the music of Josie Cotton and the Party Crashers. Randy soon grows tired of just watching and demands to know if there is any more to Fred\'s plan, to which Fred says that there is nothing more, though the two vow to "crush that fly!" Julie and Tommy are now backstage, waiting to be introduced as king and queen of the prom. Randy confronts Tommy, and the two begin to brawl. When the prom king and queen are announced, the curtain pulls back to reveal Randy beating up Tommy. Randy knocks Tommy out, then escorts a thrilled Julie from the stage through the crowd. Tommy recovers and storms through the crowd towards Randy and Julie, who find themselves blocked in by the snack table. Tommy demands an explanation from Julie. She answers by smashing a platter of guacamole in his face. A food fight starts, from which Randy and Julie escape and take off in Tommy\'s rented limousine. As the happy couple ride into the night to the Valley Sheraton, Julie removes Tommy\'s I.D. bracelet and throws it out the window. The scene, which echoes the final scene of the film The Graduate, pans to the overview of the Valley, while the limo turns past the Sherman Oaks Galleria glowing in the night as the Modern English song "I Melt With You" closes out the film. A subplot involves Suzi and her stepmother, Beth , vying for the attention of Skip ([[David Ensor , the grocery delivery boy. At her party, Suzi tells Beth, who is chaperoning, about a boy that she likes and hopes likes her too. Beth soon notices a dark-haired boy to whom she finds herself attracted. The boy turns out to be Skip, the very boy that Suzi likes. Skip finds himself attracted to Beth and goes out of his way to go to see her without Suzi finding out; he even turns down an invite from Suzi to go to her house during an unsupervised slumber party because Beth is out on a date. One day, Skip enters Suzi\'s house, apparently looking for Beth. He goes upstairs and hears a shower running in Beth\'s bedroom. He finds that a woman is in the shower. Skip and this woman, whose face is not shown, are then shown making love. During this time, we see another woman coming home and going upstairs. The bedroom door opens, Beth enters, and only then it is shown that Suzi had been the woman in the shower and is now in bed with Skip. By the end of the film, Skip and Suzi go to the prom together.'] ['Psychiatrist Jack Mickler  dissuades a would-be suicide—a 21-year-old, costumed like Zorro and claiming to be Don Juan , who is then held for a ten-day review in a mental institution. Mickler, who is about to retire, insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it without medicating the youth. "Don Juan" tells his story—born in Mexico, the death of his father, a year in a harem, and finding true love  on a remote island. Listening enlivens Mickler\'s relationship with his own wife, Marilyn . As the ten days tick down and pressure mounts on Mickler to support the youth\'s indefinite confinement, finding reality within the romantic imagination becomes Jack\'s last professional challenge.'] ["Georgian bush pilot Mimino  works at small local airlines, flying helicopters between small villages. But he dreams of piloting large international airlines aircraft, so he decides to go to Moscow to follow his dream. There in a hotel he meets Armenian truck driver Roobik Khachikyan  who is given a place in that hotel by mistake instead of another Khachikyan , and they have a lot of adventures in Moscow.   Always amicable and open to people, Mimino does not feel at home in the big city. Nevertheless, he becomes a pilot of a supersonic jet liner, the Tupolev Tu-144, flying all over the world. But feeling homesick, he finally comes back to his native town of Telavi in Georgia, to his family and friends. Mimino's real name in the film is Valiko Mizandari - his nickname 'Mimino'  is the Georgian word for sparrow hawk, although it is stated on the back cover of the DVD that 'Mimino' means falcon. Either way, it seems that this nickname is to equate to some kind of bird of prey, which is perhaps fitting for a pilot."] ["Olivia  is a single, cash-strapped woman working as a maid in Los Angeles in order to make ends meet. She is surrounded by a support network of well-off friends consisting of Franny  - a stay at home mom with a large trust fund; Christine  - a successful television writer; Jane  - a fashion designer; and their respective husbands. While the disparity in financial situations between Olivia and her friends creates some friction, each woman is facing her own individual struggles. Olivia can't seem to find love or money and resorts to questionable tactics to satisfy both. Franny's inheritance sometimes causes tension between her and her accountant husband, who likes to spend it. Christine's marriage is falling apart because she and her husband can't communicate effectively. Finally, Jane is becoming increasingly unpleasant to be around, possibly because of perimenopause and her husband's sexual ambiguity. Together, these women attend charity benefits, have lunch, lean on each other, and wade their way through life."] ["The film's plot focuses on an African teenager named James  whom hails from the fictional African village Entshongweni, who goes on a pilgrimage journey, on behalf of his village, towards the Holy Land, Israel, and especially in order to come to Jerusalem. Upon arriving in Israel, James is suspected to be an illegal foreign worker and as a result he is arrested. Shimi , a contractor of foreign workers, releases him on bail to work with him. After James explains to him that he did not travel to Israel to work, Shimi clarifies to him that since he paid for his release, James now owes him. Therefore James is forced to interrupt his journey and begin working for Shimi. Shimi tries to gain a profit at James' expense and makes him work for other people as well. Shimi's wife sees him as a kind of an amusement. Salah, Shimi's father, soon discovers that James is exceptionally lucky rolling dice and he decides to exploit this in order to win in backgammon games against his friends. James hopes to pay his debt to Shimi so that he can finally reach Jerusalem, but as time passes he learns how to conduct with the locals. James starts managing his foreign worker friends, and soon he becomes a cheap labor contractor himself, just like Shimi. James buys himself nice clothes, a mobile phone and a TV. As a result, he forgets about the pilgrimage. Eventually James remembers the original reason for which he arrived in Israel, but it is already too late – he is arrested by the immigration police and transferred to an Israeli prison. The prison is located in the Russian Compound in Jerusalem, and so as he is handcuffed, James finally gets to see the city for which his village prays to."] ['The story follows Eleanor, an aspiring hat designer, and a group of artists and models in the "downtown" New York City art world. Eleanor lives with her younger boyfriend Stash, an unknown artist, who is unfaithful and treats Eleanor with careless indifference. Eleanor expresses her feelings for Stash when she tells him that she was once attracted to him because he was dangerous. She stays with him despite the crumbling relationship because she has nowhere else to live—she is, in effect, a "slave." When a clothing designer, Wilfredo , discovers her hat designs and offers to use them in a fashion show, Eleanor gains the self-respect—and money—to leave Stash. There is an elaborate fashion show sequence. While buying food for a celebratory party, she meets Jan and invites him to the party. After the party, Eleanor and her new friend talk, and then ride off into the morning sunrise.'] ['The film begins with the release of the eccentric painter Gulley Jimson  from a one-month jail sentence for telephone harassment of his sponsor, Mr Hickson . Nosey Barbon ([[Mike Morgan , who wants to be a protégé of Jimson, greets Jimson at Wormwood Scrubs, but Jimson tries to discourage Nosey from pursuing painting for a living. Jimson makes off with Nosey\'s bike to make his way back to his houseboat, which Coker, an older lady friend, has been attending in Jimson\'s absence. Jimson tries to borrow money from Hickson and Coker , but Hickson sets the police to trace the phone call back to Jimson. Jimson and Coker later visit Hickson to try to secure advance payment for the early Jimson works. However, after Jimson has tried to steal works from Hickson\'s place and Coker has stopped him, Hickson and his secretary have called the police to have them ejected. Jimson breaks a window, and he and Coker escape via the servant\'s entrance. Jimson follows up on a note from A. W. Alabaster , secretary to Sir William  and Lady Beeder , who are interested in acquiring early Jimson works. One of the early works is in the possession of Jimson\'s ex-wife, Sara Monday . Jimson and Coker try to secure an agreement with Sara Monday to obtain that early painting, but are unsuccessful. When Jimson visits the Beeders, he sees a blank wall in their residence, and is immediately inspired to paint "The Raising of Lazarus". He learns that the Beeders are leaving for 6 weeks, and takes advantage of their absence to execute the painting. An old artistic rival, Abel, a sculptor, intrudes on Jimson to bring in a large block of marble to fulfill a sculpture commission for British Rail. In the process, Jimson pawns the Beeder\'s valuables, and Abel  and Jimson inadvertently destroy part of the Beeder\'s floor when the marble is accidentally dropped whilst suspended. After Jimson has completed the painting, the Beeders return, and after their shock at seeing the painting, they walk towards it and fall through the hole on a carpet that had covered the hole. When Jimson returns to his houseboat, he sees Coker there. She was fired from her barmaid job after her name got into the papers following the incident at Hickson\'s residence, and has nowhere else to live. Later that evening, she tells him that Hickson is dead, which surprises Jimson. She also says that Hickson has bequeathed his collection of Jimson\'s works "to the nation". Those works are displayed at the Tate Gallery, which Jimson himself visits. In the long line to the exhibit, Jimson sees Sara Monday. He then maneuvers to try to recover that one early work still in her possession. She seems to agree, and gives Jimson a roll tube. When he arrives back at the houseboat, however, Coker and Nosey see that the roll contains only toilet paper, without the painting there. Jimson quickly returns to Sara\'s house, with Nosey following. Jimson and Sara struggle for the painting, and in the struggle, Sara falls backwards and knocks herself out. Jimson and Nosey escape the scene. Afterwards, Jimson and Nosey seek shelter in an abandoned church. Nosey then sees the side of the building, a totally blank wall, and points it out to Jimson. Jimson is immediately inspired to execute his largest work, "The Last Judgement". Finding out that the church is condemned to be torn down within a fortnight, Jimson, Nosey and Coker recruit local youngsters to help with completing the painting, to the objections of the local council official who is to oversee the building\'s demolition. Jimson even recruits Lady Beeder to participate, in spite of the injuries caused to her after Jimson\'s and Abel\'s actions in their residence. The painting is completed on the scheduled day of demolition. After the demolition crew warns everyone to stand back, a bulldozer comes crashing through the wall and destroys the painting. Jimson himself drove the bulldozer, feeling it necessary to destroy the work before anyone else does. As Jimson\'s admirers pelt the council official and demolition crew in protest, Jimson runs back to his boat and sets sail down the Thames, before Nosey and Coker can stop him.'] ["Ray  and his friends want to lease an old restaurant so they can tunnel from the basement of the restaurant to a nearby bank. Frenchy  covers what they are doing by selling cookies from the restaurant. The bank robbery scheme is a miserable failure, but after they franchise the business, selling cookies makes them millionaires. In the film's second act, Frenchy throws a big party and overhears people making fun of their decorating taste and lack of culture. She asks a man named David  to train her and Ray so they can fit in with the American upper class. Ray hates every minute of it, but Frenchy likes their new culture. What Ray and Frenchy don't know is that David is really just using Frenchy to get money for art projects he wants to do. Ray finally gets fed up and leaves Frenchy. David and Frenchy go to Europe for more cultural enlightenment and while there, she gets a call and finds out she's been defrauded by her accountants. She's lost everything including her cookie company, home, and possessions. David immediately dumps her. Meanwhile, Ray has gone back to being a crook and tries to steal a valuable necklace at a party. He has had a duplicate made and through a series of circumstances gets the duplicate and real one mixed up. At the party he finds out that Frenchy is broke so he leaves and goes to see her. He consoles her by saying he stole the valuable necklace and shows it to her. Her new-found cultural enlightenment enables her to tell the necklace was a fake; Ray has gotten the wrong one. But she produces a cigarette case that she has given to David as a gift and steals back when he dumps her. It once belonged to the Duke of Windsor. They reconcile, decide to sell it and go together to Florida."] ["Frances Mayes  is a San Francisco writer whose seemingly perfect life takes an unexpected turn when she learns that her husband has been cheating on her. The divorce leaves her depressed and unable to write. Her best friend Patti , a lesbian who is expecting a child, is beginning to think Frances might never recover. She urges Frances to take an Italian vacation to Tuscany using the ticket she purchased before she became pregnant. At first Frances refuses, but after another depressing day in her gloomy apartment, she decides that it's a good idea to get away for awhile. In Tuscany, her tour group stops in the small town of Cortona. After wandering through the charming streets, she notices a posting for a villa for sale in Cortona. She rejoins her tour group on the bus, and just outside of town, the bus stops to allow a herd of sheep to cross the road. While they wait, Frances realizes that they've stopped directly in front of the very villa that she had seen for sale—something she believes is a sign. She asks the driver to stop and she gets off the bus. Through a series of serendipitous events, she becomes the owner of a lovely yet dilapidated villa in beautiful Tuscany. Frances begins her new life with the help of a variety of interesting characters and unusual but gentle souls. She hires a crew of Polish immigrants to renovate the house. Over time, Frances also befriends her Italian neighbors and develops relationships with her Polish workers, the realtor who sold her the villa, and Katherine , an eccentric, aging, British actress who evokes the mystery and beauty of an Italian film star.There are several visual references to Federico Fellini films, especially La Dolce Vita. When Catherine caresses the duck at the open market, it recalls the scene where Anita Ekberg strokes a white kitten prior to dancing in the Fontana di Trevi. Later, she is visited by the now very pregnant Patti, whose partner Grace has left her. Frances meets and has a brief romantic affair with Marcello , but their relationship does not last. She is about to give up on happiness when one of her Polish workers, a teenager named Pawel , and a neighbor's young daughter come to her for help. Her father does not approve of him, yet they are very much in love and want to get married. Frances persuades the girl's family to support their love, and the young lovers are soon married at the villa. During the wedding celebration, Frances meets an American writer who is traveling in Tuscany, and their attraction for each other points to a romantic future."] ['{{Plot}} Shelley Darlington  is an aspiring Playboy Playmate living the life of luxury in the Playboy Mansion. The day after her 27th birthday, she awakes to find a note, seemingly from Hugh Hefner, asking her to pack up and leave. Depressed, Shelley leaves in the old car she had arrived in when she first moved into the mansion. After getting in trouble with a police officer, and spending the night in jail, she happens to stumble upon a group of girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun. She follows them and sees that they live in luxury too. She tells them of her situation and asks to join them, not knowing that they are members of the Phi Iota Mu sorority; she is rejected by the snobbish Phis because she is not a student, but then sees a group of older ladies called "house mothers" who live and watch over the sorority sisters, but after asking them to join, she is snobbishly rejected by the head house mother. One house mother, however, courteously advises her to inquire with the Zeta Alpha Zeta sorority. She makes her way down to the Zeta house, which appears to be far less \'luxurious\' than the first sorority she visited. The members of the Zeta house are dowdy, socially awkward, and caught off guard by Shelley\'s bubbly nature, prompting them to initially reject her. However, once they see that Shelley\'s ability to attract boys, the Zetas change their mind and take in Shelley as their new "house mother." When getting to know them, the Zetas explain their dilemma of how their sorority is in danger of being shut down, as they have never managed to get 30 pledges to their house. They decide that Shelley can help them gain popularity, in order to gain their 30 pledges. Shelley then decides to start a car-wash, in order to raise money for the girls. As Natalie  and Shelley are washing cars, a group of guys come to talk to them, one of them being Colby , the boy on whom Natalie has a huge crush. But as they are talking, Natalie is failing to impress the guys, and embarrasses herself. During her time spent with "The Zetas", Shelley meets an intellectual, altruistic guy named Oliver , who works at a retirement home, who Shelley seems to like. Later on, Shelley gives the girls a makeover and lessons on how to attract guys and be popular. After their makeover, the girls then decide, to maximize their popularity, they should throw a party. They have an Aztec theme, and they decide to \'sacrifice\' Natalie, as she is a virgin. During the party, she converses with Colby. Shelley goes out on a date with Oliver, and while her flirty tactics work with most guys, they fail with him, for he is a guy who actually wants to get to know Shelley rather than just sleep with her. To impress Oliver on their upcoming second date, Shelley starts attending classes and reading books. Despite remembering a lot of facts during the date, Oliver finds out she was a Playboy bunny. While Shelley tries to deny this, she knocks over a table and gets chewing gum in her hair. Meanwhile, the Zeta girls are viewing the girls who are hoping to pledge to Zeta and are making their pledge acceptances, however, due to their new popularity, the girls have become conceited and cruel, and harshly judge the girls on their appearance rather than who they are. As Shelley is coming back from her unsuccessful date, she receives a call from Hugh Hefner who has found out about the set-up of a jealous Playboy Playmate and why Shelley left and asks her to come back to the mansion, and he has chosen her to be \'Miss November\', a long standing dream of Shelley\'s. Shelley is thrilled, but she realises how much she cares for the Zetas and decides to stay with them. However, inside, the Zetas have realised how much they have changed, and when Shelley returns, they unfairly blame her for changing them . Shelley becomes upset and leaves, before calling Mr. Hefner back to tell him she has reconsidered. The Zetas feel guilty about losing Shelley, and decide to give themselves a second makeover, this time being \'Half-Shelley and Half-Themselves\'. They also decide to draw the pledges out at random, instead of judging them. Natalie and Colby finally start a relationship. At Shelley\'s photoshoot, Shelley is still upset about what happened with the Zetas, and changes her mind about her dream of being a centerfold. The Zetas then arrive at the photoshoot and ask for her back as a house mother, to which she agrees. As Lily  is mailing out the invitations, she is distracted by an attractive boy, who is flirting with her. As she is not looking, Ashley  throws all her pledge invitations in the trash, and delivers out her own pledges. When asking the guy working at the desk what happened to them, he explains that he got them and they have been delivered out, unaware that they had been swapped. The Zetas are now in huge danger of losing their house due to the Phis sabotaging their recruitment list; they need 30 pledges before the adjournment of the panhellenic council meeting on campus. Shelley and the Zetas crash the meeting. Shelley gives a heartfelt speech about what her experience with the Zetas has taught her about love and acceptance, and a gradual total of 30 students in the audience agree to pledge the Zeta House, the 30th being Ashley\'s friend, who is sick of Ashley\'s controlling nature as well as being a Phi and wants to join the Zetas. With the future of the Zetas secured, Natalie reveals that she contacted Oliver on Shelley\'s behalf. Oliver and Shelley reconcile, and Shelley explains that she likes Oliver a lot and was trying too hard to impress him. They decide to start over with their relationship, and Oliver is looking forward to getting to know the "real" Shelley. The film ends with Zetas and their new pledges celebrating. Shelley has remained in close contact with Mr. Hefner and her friends at the Playboy mansion.'] ["When American heiress Pearl Saunders learns her groom, Lord George Grayston, has married her for her money, she is devastated by the news but chooses to remain wed. Pearl socializes with a group of wealthy expatriate friends, including divorced duchess Minnie, gossip-loving Thornton Clay, philanthropic princess Flora, and Arthur Fenwick, her older lover and benefactor. Pearl introduces her younger sister Bessie to English aristocracy and urges her to pursue a relationship with Lord Harry Bleane. Although she is the target of Fleming Harvey's affections, Bessie is seduced by the glamour of high society and joins her sister for a weekend at the Grayston country estate. When Minnie discovers her gigolo Pepi D'Costa is romancing Pearl, she publicly exposes their indiscretion. Mortified at having her innocent sister learn about her unseemly behavior, Pearl retreats to her room, while Minnie prepares to return to London. Fearful her reputation will be tarnished by Minnie's gossip, Pearl plots to delay her departure and tries to ingratiate herself with the rest of her guests. When Bessie accuses her of hypocrisy, Pearl has second thoughts and steers her sister away from Harry and back to the doting Fleming. She then convinces Minnie to stay another night and learn the latest tango steps from effete dance instructor Ernest."] ['The movie opens at a 10-year college reunion that a reluctant Dex has decided to attend in the company of his married friends Rick and Maggie. In his college days, Dex was the stud of the campus, using philosophy as an aphrodisiac to bed a series of young women. After putting the first of what will be successful moves on a student bartender, he finds Rick and Maggie talking with Syd. Syd is back in town for an upcoming opera production for which she is the designer; she is also staying with Rick and Maggie. While she remembers Dex, his memory of her is a little more fuzzy. Dex shares a house with three other slacker buddies who spend their free time  engaged variously in playing disc golf, playing poker, and drinking - all while trading quips about philosophy and pop culture. One of the group, Dave, has met a woman and the group decides to help him in his pursuit of her by teaching him their approach to seduction, "The Tao of Steve." Dex has his own relationship problems, as the woman with whom he has been having an affair, Beth, has started to give off signals that she would leave her husband to be with him. This puts Dex in a bind, as he views her as nothing more than a "friend with benefits". Meanwhile, Dex is becoming more and more intrigued with Syd, with whom he must carpool after his motorcycle breaks down. Dex is habitually late, often still in his bathrobe and taking long hits on his ever-present bong when she arrives to pick him up. Syd is not entirely unreceptive to Dex\'s overtures. But there is a major obstacle to be overcome, for it turns out that Syd was one of Dex\'s college conquests and the fact that he has completely forgotten about it does little to endear him to her.'] ['Harold Cooper  is bathing his young son when his doctor wife Sarah  receives a phone call at their Richmond home and learns that their friend Alex has committed suicide, slashing his wrists in the bathtub of their guest house in South Carolina. At the funeral, Harold and Sarah are reunited with college friends from the University of Michigan in the 1960s. They include Sam , a famous television actor now living in Los Angeles; Meg , an unhappy chain smoking former public defender who is now a real estate attorney in Atlanta, who wants a child; Michael , a sex-obsessed People journalist; Nick , a Vietnam veteran and former radio host who suffers from impotence; Karen , a housewife from suburban Detroit who\'s unhappy in her marriage to her advertising executive husband Richard , an outsider. Also present is Chloe , the much-younger girlfriend of Alex at the time of his suicide. Everyone goes from the cemetery to Harold and Sarah\'s house, where they are invited to stay for the weekend. During the first night there, a bat flies into the attic while Meg and Nick are getting reacquainted. Sam later finds Nick watching television and they briefly talk about Karen. The two then go into the kitchen and find Richard, her husband, making a sandwich, and the three make small talk which turns into a discussion about responsibility and adulthood. The next morning, Harold and Nick go jogging. Harold\'s successful company sells running shoes. Harold confides that Sarah and Alex had an affair five years earlier. Nick comforts Harold by saying, "She didn\'t marry Alex." Richard returns home to look after his and Karen\'s kids, but she decides to stay for the weekend. Nick, Harold, Michael and Chloe go for a drive while Sam and Karen go shopping. Meg reveals to Sarah that she wants to have a child, and that she is going to ask Sam to be the father, knowing now that Nick can\'t. Harold listens to Michael\'s plans to buy a nightclub. Chloe takes Nick to the abandoned house that she and Alex were going to renovate; she tells him that he reminds her of Alex, to which Nick replies, "I ain\'t him." At dinner, Sarah starts tearing up over Alex as the group talks about him. Harold puts "Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg" by The Temptations on the stereo and everyone dances while cleaning up the dishes. While the others sit around and get high, Meg asks Sam to father her baby, but he declines. The next morning, Nick, Sam, and Harold go jogging, and the subject of Alex\'s suicide comes up again. Harold\'s surprise arrives &mdash; sneakers for everyone to wear during the big Michigan football game. The group, minus Nick, watches the game on TV while Sarah tells Karen about her brief affair with Alex and how it affected their friendship negatively. She is subtly warning Karen to rethink her plans to have an affair with Sam. During the game, Michael offers to father Meg\'s child, alluding to the fact that they had had sex many years ago during college. At halftime, everyone goes outside to play touch football. Nick returns with a cop following him. He said that Nick ran a red light and was belligerent but that he would drop the charges if Sam would hop into Nick\'s Porsche like his TV character, J.T. Lancer, always does. Sam\'s unsuccessful and hurts himself; the officer drops the charges anyway and apologizes to Harold. Karen later tells Sam that she loves him, wants to leave Richard and live with Sam and her two sons. When they kiss, Sam pulls away and tells Karen to not leave Richard, as she will regret it in the long run. He confesses that it was "boredom" that caused his own marriage to fracture and he doesn\'t want her to make the same mistake. Karen feels misled and angrily storms into the house. Harold is on the phone with his daughter, Molly, and lets Meg talk to her. Observing their interaction on the phone, Sarah decides to let Harold impregnate Meg, but does not tell him yet. The group once again discusses Alex. Nick says, "Alex died for most of us a long time ago," but Sam disagrees and leaves. Karen follows him and the two have sex outside. Sarah tells Harold about Meg\'s situation while Chloe and Nick go to bed together, even though he warns her of his condition. Meg and Harold then have sex – she says "I feel like I got a great break on a used car" – while Michael and Sarah joke around and interview each other with a video camera. In the morning while Karen is packing her clothes, she subtly tells Sam that she has decided to stay with Richard. At the breakfast table Harold reveals that Nick and Chloe will be staying in the guest house for a while, then Michael sarcastically states, "Sarah, Harold. We took a secret vote. We\'re not leaving. We\'re never leaving." They all laugh and "Joy to the World" plays as the credits roll.'] ["The story begins with a narration by Alejandro Lopez as he retells the events of his father's life,Juan Lopez , and how by selling oranges changed their lives. Juan was born on a strawberry field in Bakersfield, California, but due to hardship, his mother decided to relocate to Mexico. Now Juan is an undocumented citizen, due to no proof of US citizenship, of Los Angeles, struggling not only to get a green card, but to solely care for Alejandro, after his wife's death. Yet, he has no documentation to attest to his U.S. citizenship and lives as an undocumented worker in Los Angeles selling oranges near the freeway. He lives with two roommates and tries to make ends meet so he can take care of his little son. He is stressed as he battles landlords and immigration. A stranger  in a fancy limousine hands over $1,000,000 dollar check to Juan, but there is a catch! He must give the money back, all of it, in one month. Juan is suspicious and takes the check to his immigration worker  who encourages him to follow the directions given him. At first he uses the check to get credit extended at posh clothing stores, a car dealership, and more. He also meets a woman in a dead-end relationship with a bossy businessman. Then the fun begins for good-natured Juan Lopez, who has to avoid temptations and the greedy people that suddenly pop-up in his life. Juan comes to realize that the true meaning of life is love, family, and happiness, and that money isn't the answer."] ['When shy Larry Hubbard , a greeting card writer, finds his girlfriend in bed with another man, he is forced to begin a new life as single. After going through a period of terrible luck with women, he meets and tries to court Iris  who is not, however, interested in him. At the pit of his despair, Hubbard writes a book titled A Guide for the Lonely Guy, which is rampantly successful and catapults him into an entirely different experience of life. He becomes rich and famous and even his relationship with Iris can begin on a new basis.'] ["The film deals with the story of the daughter of a minor branch of a European royal house who is being considered as a wife for her cousin, the heir to the throne. Princess Alexandra  is the princess, her cousin the crown prince, Albert, is played by Alec Guinness, and her brothers' tutor, a commoner for whom she thinks she may feel more affection than she does for the prince, is played by Louis Jourdan. The princess's relatives{{spaced ndash}}played by Jessie Royce Landis, Estelle Winwood, and Brian Aherne{{spaced ndash}}are comically eccentric, and Agnes Moorehead, as the queen who shows up near the end to find out if the princess has made the grade, is crankily imperious. Leo G. Carroll plays their butler. Van Dyke Parks also appears in this movie. Princess Alexandra is urged by her mother to accept Albert so that their family may regain a throne that was taken from them by Napoleon. Princess Alexandra tries to gain Albert's attention; he is otherwise taken with sleeping late, shooting duck and playing football with Alexandra's two younger brothers. Alexandra's mother urges her to show interest in the tutor, Mr. Agi, to make Albert jealous and stimulate a proposal from him. Agi is already taken with Alexandra and when she invites him to the farewell ball for the crown prince he eagerly accepts. Later when they are dancing at the ball it appears that Albert is getting jealous but instead he is more interested in playing the bass in the orchestra. Later, Agi tells Alexandra how he feels about her. She tells him that it was all a ploy to get Albert to propose to her and she suspected he felt this way. She realizes that she has some feelings for him but he refuses her. Albert comes to find out about this situation and is a little taken aback. Albert and Agi trade insults. Agi then storms out and tries to leave the next morning. Alexandra, distraught over what happened, tries to leave with him, but he refuses her again. Albert's mother shows up and gets the entire story and is aghast. Albert gives his blessing to the pair and says that when he is king he will allow them back into the country. However, Agi ends up leaving the mansion without Alexandra. Albert tries to console Alexandra by telling her she is like a swan: on the water she looks serene, but on land she is more like a goose. Albert then offers Alexandra his arm and they walk back into the mansion together."] ['Verona De Tessant  and Burt Farlander  are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures, respectively. When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how - and where - to raise a child and build a happy family. Six months into Verona\'s pregnancy, she and Burt visit their only family in the area, Burt\'s parents, Gloria and Jerry , only to find that they have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, for two years a month before the baby is due to be born. Frustrated at Burt\'s parents\' selfishness and ill-thinking, he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family. They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona\'s old boss, Lily , her husband, Lowell , and their two children. Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell\'s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children. Burt and Verona next visit Verona\'s sister, Grace , in Tucson, Arizona. At Verona\'s request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. While shopping, Grace tries to get Verona to talk about their deceased parents. On their way to Wisconsin, they are told they cannot fly by airline employees who believe Verona is in her eighth month. The couple insists that she is only six months in but ultimately take a train. In Madison, Wisconsin, the couple visits Burt\'s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin, "LN" , a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting. Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick ([[Josh Hamilton  are a "continuum home." When Roderick\'s condescension and LN\'s backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before letting their kid take a ride in the stroller, which he enjoys. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom ([[Chris Messina  and his wife, Munch Garnett , and their diverse family of adopted children. Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal. After dinner they wind up at a bar during "amateur dance night" in which Munch is an active participant. During Munch\'s performance, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children. Verona has also picked up clues over the night and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace. In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney ([[Paul Schneider , in Miami, whose wife has left him. Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home. The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood and her parents. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona\'s old family home. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.'] ['The story describes the efforts of Brian Stimpson , the headmaster of Thomas Tompion Comprehensive School, to travel to an annual Headmasters\' Conference. Having been habitually late and disorganised as a young man, Stimpson has grown up to become fastidiously punctual, and his school runs "like clockwork". He is the first headmaster of a comprehensive school to be elected to chair a Headmaster\'s Conference, that honour usually being reserved for headmasters of the more prestigious private schools. After preparing and rehearsing his speech, he boards the wrong train on his way to the conference, loses the text of the speech, and suffers a series of setbacks as he tries to reach the conference.'] ['Antonio Cano, 45 years old, is an important businessman who was severely injured in a car accident. Because of this, he is temporarily paralyzed and suffers memory loss. His family, friends and business associates all try to recreate scenes from his life in order to revive his memory which, little by little, does begin to return. Each day Antonio is placed in his beautiful garden where he relives many memories, both real and imagined.'] ['The structure of the film consists of several subplots which all revolve around an intertwined cast of characters. The film begins by introducing Richard ([[John Hawkes , a shoe salesman and recently separated father of two. After being thrown out by his wife Pam , he gets an apartment of his own to share with his children, Peter  and Robby . He meets Christine <>((", an emoticon that means "pooping back and forth, forever." This piques the interest of the woman at the other end and she suggests a real-life meeting. Two of Richard\'s teenaged neighbors, Heather  and Rebecca , develop a playful relationship with a much older neighbor Andrew  who works in the shoe store with Richard. He does not say much, but he keeps leaving signs on his window about what he would do to each of them. As a result of this relationship, Heather and Rebecca ask Peter if they can practice oral sex on him, so that he can tell them which of the two does it better; so they do. He says both were exactly the same. The daughter of a neighbor peeks in the window, sees what is happening, and quickly leaves. Heather and Rebecca later come to the neighbor\'s house intending to have sex with him as practice, but he appears afraid when he sees them through his window and he pretends not to be home. Meanwhile, Christine\'s work is rejected by a contemporary art museum, but then later accepted by the curator, who turns out to be the woman who was instant messaging with the brothers. The plots come together in the end, with Peter developing a friendship with the daughter of a neighbor, having been introduced to the hope chest that she has, Christine and Richard displaying a show of mutual acceptance of their attraction to each other, and, as a final plot device, Robby finding that the noise he had awoken to early every morning was that of an early-rising businessman tapping a quarter on a street sign pole. When asked why he is doing it, he stops and turns around, saying "just passing the time", and gives Robby the quarter. When his bus drives away and Robby tries it out himself, the sun heightens with each tap, time literally passing as he does it.'] ['Frank  and Loyd  spend most of their time drinking, flirting with women (even though Frank is married to Paulette  and thinking of get rich quick schemes since they can\'t seem to hold down jobs. They tried frog farming and squirrel ranching among other things and now are in a failing roofing business. Finally, Loyd invents a gadget he calls the "Kitchen Wizard," and they each make a thousand dollars selling the rights to a patent attorney who gives them a contract worth much more. However, their idea is stolen and they soon run out of money. Frank contemplates suicide, but Loyd talks him out of it by reminding him of his family and their friendship.'] ['Darren Roanoke, the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs, is suffering from stress because his wife, Prudence, has left him for Jacques "Le Coq" Grandé, who is the goaltender of rival team Los Angeles Kings, his nickname apparently a nod to being exceedingly well-endowed. Roanoke\'s stress causes his hand to shake, which affects his hockey performance, so team owner Jane Bullard enlists the support of guru Maurice Pitka to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak.'] ['The movie is set in 1917 , and revolves around two English cartographers, the pompous Garrad and his junior, Anson. They arrive at the fictional Welsh village of Ffynnon Garw  to measure its "mountain" &ndash; only to cause outrage when they conclude that it is only a hill because it is slightly short of the required 1000 feet in height. The villagers, aided and abetted by the wily Morgan the Goat and the Reverend Mr Jones , conspire with Morgan to delay the cartographers\' departure while they build an earth cairn on top of the hill to make it high enough to be considered a mountain.'] ['The entire House of Wyndham , the ruling family of the United Kingdom in the film, is electrocuted in a freak accident while posing for a family photograph, after a cable became wet during a storm. The British government immediately begins a search led by courtier Sir Cedric Willingham to look for any surviving heirs to whom to pass the crown. A researcher finally locates a living heir named Ralph Jones, an American. In Las Vegas, Ralph, an easygoing slob, works as a lounge singer/piano player in one of the main casinos. Duncan Phipps and Inspector McGuire watch the performance and applaud with enthusiasm, while Ralph discovers that he has been fired and replaced by a chimpanzee. Ralph meets Phipps and McGuire, who inform him that he is now king, though at first Ralph is skeptical over their claims. Phipps explains that Ralph\'s grandfather, the first Duke of Warren, had had a brief affair with a hotel maid while visiting the States, and this affair produced a child, Ralph\'s father. But since his father and grandfather have died, Ralph is the only surviving Wyndham heir. Ralph is finally convinced when seeing the Duke\'s ring, an exact copy of a ring his grandmother claimed to have been given "by a prince". Ralph is flown to London, where he meets Willingham for the first time and begins the long period of adjustment instruction intended to turn him into a proper British monarch. He is schooled by Willingham in English history and culture and is shown a variety of traditional English dishes, including bangers and mash. When he is shown spotted dick, a traditional English dessert for which he mistakes the bangers, he replies, "Spotted dick? Dick of what?" Ralph also learns the hard way that the British monarch does not just "smile and wave". Shortly after his arrival, Ralph heads for a local strip club, meeting the exotic dancer Miranda Greene. When she is unable to perform and leaves the stage in embarrassment, Ralph decides he wants to meet her. She is skeptical of his claim to be king, but Ralph proposes that if he can prove he is, Miranda will go on at least one date with him. Ralph\'s appearance on a newscast soon proves his claim. Sir Cedric then gives Ralph pointers in cricket, explaining the differences between it and baseball. Ralph hits the ball a long way and pretends to will it fair . He then rounds imaginary bases and when he gets to "home plate" he does an imaginary "Bash Brothers" greeting . Meanwhile, Lord Percival Graves, Prime Minister Geoffrey Hale, and Willingham meet to discuss Ralph\'s selection as King. Graves is opposed to the idea of an American on the throne, and he proposes to declare the Wyndham line at an end and replace it with the House of Stuart, putting himself next in line for the throne. Hale states that Jones has royal blood , and that unless Jones commits a grievous error the country will have to live with him. Graves decides to use Miranda as a way to cause embarrassment to Ralph and provide the excuse needed to remove him from the throne. Being offered money to maneuver Ralph into a compromising position, Miranda initially accepts. She and Ralph continue their relationship, soon beginning to fall in love. Miranda returns the money to Graves, telling him she wants no part of his scheme, not knowing Graves already has pictures of them. In order to protect Ralph, Miranda decides to break off the relationship. Despite Ralph\'s initial reluctance to accept British culture, and his general ineptness in formal affairs, he does manage to make a strong positive impression on King Mulambon of Zambezi during the latter\'s state visit. The two monarchs share their concerns about both the role of leadership that they have assumed and the economic interests of their respective nations. Having turned his blue-collar background into an advantage, Ralph begins accumulating a small but loyal and compassionate following. Ralph\'s staff arrange for him to marry Princess Anna of Finland; Ralph soon receives her and her parents on an official state visit. He then discovers that she has an unusually deep voice. "We have nothing in common and she has a voice like a tuba. If she had her way, we\'d have sex on a bed of nails on national television, but at least the party stinks", says Ralph. However, Graves has photos of Miranda and Ralph passed around at the royal ball, which, along with Ralph\'s wild rendition of "Good Golly Miss Molly" on a harpsichord, ruin any chance of a Royal marriage and causes a Finnish company to award a coveted contract to the Japanese. Having failed to realize that the role of King comes with formal expectations, and that he cannot rely entirely on his charm or blue-collar background, Ralph accepts a stern rebuke from Sir Cedric Willingham and endeavors to set things right. The palace staff begins an investigation and soon realizes that Ralph was set up through Gordon Halliwell, the Palace butler; Miranda confesses to Ralph her role in the scandal. Ralph starts developing his suspicions about the heir to the throne. His suspicions are confirmed when he gets Duncan to confess and learns that Willingham is another heir to the throne and had initially refused to accept the role. The next day Ralph addresses Parliament. Finally adopting the dignified manner and composure befitting a monarch, he publicly apologizes for his recent actions and then informs Parliament that he has helped work out a deal with the King of Zambezi that will create British jobs. He then reveals that Graves has been working to sabotage his succession to the throne and has him arrested for violating the Treason Act of 1702. Finally, he tells the British people that while he tried his best to be a good king, he admits that his best will never be good enough and that he believes the British people deserve a better monarch. Thus, he has decided to abdicate his throne, and reveals that Willingham will succeed him. Willingham becomes King Cedric I, and Ralph is free to pursue his romantic relationship with Miranda, along with his dreams of being a rock star. Ralph bids a tearful goodbye to his friends and his newly discovered relative. King Cedric creates Ralph the third Duke of Warren, with a lucrative annual salary , a palace in the country, and a state-of-the-art recording studio. A few years later, Miranda  is sitting with her and Ralph\'s young son, watching her husband perform with his musical group . The child is identified in the credits as Baby Ralph II, suggesting that he might someday succeed the childless Cedric as monarch.'] ["It takes place in Paris and features Eddie Vuibert , an unemployed man in financial difficulty. A rich Jewish cloth manufacturer takes Eddie into his corporation out of pity because he mistakenly believes him to be Jewish as well. Eddie rapidly integrates in the parisian Jewish community and rises as a sales manager. He continues his masquerade of pretending to be Ashkenazi Jew in order to woo his boss's daughter . It was followed by a sequel, La Vérité si je mens ! 2, and a third movie La Vérité si je mens ! 3."] ["Warren Schmidt is retiring from his position as an actuary with Woodmen of the World, an insurance company in Omaha, Nebraska. Schmidt is given a retirement dinner that seems to bring no comfort. Schmidt finds it hard to adjust to his new life outside of work, feeling useless. One evening, he sees a television advertisement about a foster program for African children, Plan USA, and decides to sponsor a child. He soon receives an information package with a photo of his foster child, a small Tanzanian boy named Ndugu Umbo, to whom he relates his life in a series of candid, rambling letters. Schmidt visits his young successor to offer his help, but the offer is politely declined. As he leaves the building, Schmidt sees the contents and files of his office, the sum of his entire career, set out for garbage collectors. He describes to Ndugu his longtime alienation from Helen, his wife, who suddenly dies from a blood clot in her brain just after his retirement and their purchase of a Winnebago Adventurer motor home. Friends arrive, along with Jeannie, his only daughter, and her fiancé Randall Hertzel from Denver. They console him at the funeral, but Jeannie later berates him for taking his wife for granted, such as by refusing to fully pay for the Winnebago  and burying her in a cheap casket. He asks her to move back for a while to take care of him, but she refuses. Meanwhile, Randall tries to entice him into a pyramid scheme. Schmidt feels that Randall, a waterbed salesman, is unsuited to his daughter, who he feels could do better. After the couple leaves, Schmidt is overcome by loneliness. He stops showering, sleeps in front of the television, and goes shopping with a coat over pajamas to load up on frozen foods. In his wife's closet he discovers some hidden love letters disclosing her long-ago affair with a mutual friend. Schmidt angrily confronts the friend, cursing the betrayal. In order to find some control in his life, he decides to take a journey alone in his new Winnebago to see his daughter and convince her not to marry Randall. He tells Jeannie he's headed out early to the wedding, but she makes it clear she doesn't want him there until right before the ceremony. Schmidt visits places from his past, including his hometown and college campus. His childhood home has been replaced by a tire shop. While at a trailer campground, he is a dinner guest of a friendly and sympathetic couple. Schmidt makes at pass at the wife, and flees in terror when she adamantly rejects his advance. Schmidt later forgives the late Helen for the affair and apologizes to her for his own failings as a husband. Feeling full of purpose after forgiving his wife, Schmidt arrives in Denver with the intent of stopping Jeannie's wedding. He stays at the home of Roberta, Randall's mother. He meets Randall's socially odd, off-putting family and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade Jeannie from the marriage. Schmidt throws out his back after sleeping on Randall's waterbed, infuriating Jeannie. Schmidt later flees to his Winnebago after Roberta makes a pass at him in a hot tub. The next day, Schmidt, under the influence of oxycodone, attends the wedding and delivers a kind speech at the dinner, hiding his disapproval. Before leaving Denver, Schmidt composes a letter to Ndugu. Schmidt questions what he has accomplished in life, lamented that he will soon be dead, that his life has made no difference to anyone, and that eventually it will be as if he has never existed at all. A pile of mail is waiting for him at home. Schmidt opens a letter from Tanzania. It is from a nun, who writes that Ndugu is illiterate but appreciates Schmidt's letters and financial support very much. A painting drawn by Ndugu is enclosed, showing two smiling stick figures, one large and one small, holding hands on a sunny day. The film ends with Schmidt weeping as he looks at it."] ['The comedian Alvy Singer  is trying to understand why his relationship with Annie Hall  ended a year ago. Growing up in New York, he vexed his mother with impossible questions about the emptiness of existence, but he was precocious about his innocent sexual curiosity. While Annie and Alvy wait in a theater queue to watch The Sorrow and the Pity, another man loudly misinterprets the work of Marshall McLuhan. McLuhan himself steps in to correct the mistake. That night, Annie isn’t interested in having sex with Alvy. Instead, they discuss his first wife, Allison Portchnik , with whom there was little sexual pleasure. His second marriage was to a New York intellectual, but their sexual relationship was not enjoyable for him. With Annie, it is different. The two of them have uproarious fun making a meal of boiled lobster together. Alvy enjoys mocking the unusual men that Annie had been involved with. Alvy met Annie on the tennis court. After the game, their awkward small talk led her to offer him first a ride up town and then a glass of wine on her balcony. There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental subtitles" as an escalating flirtation. Their first date follows Annie’s singing audition for a night club (“[[It Had to Be You . He suggests they kiss first thing to get it out of the way. After their lovemaking that night, Alvy is "a wreck", while she relaxes with a joint. Soon Annie admits she loves him, and he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for her are more than just love. When she moves in with him, things get very tense. Alvy feels strange when they visit her family in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, for Easter. He claims to have never felt more Jewish than with her “Jew-hating” grandmother, and his imagined conversation between their two families reveals a gulf in style, substance, and background. Finding her arm in arm with one of her college professors, Alvy argues with Annie whether this is the "flexibility" they had discussed. He searches for the truth of relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of love, questioning his formative years, until he becomes an animated Snow White to Annie’s evil queen. The love is gone. Alvy returns to dating, but the effort is marred by neurosis, bad sex, and finally an interruption from Annie, who insists he come over immediately. It turns out she needs him to kill a spider. A reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together come what may. However, their separate discussions with their therapists make it evident there is an unspoken divide. When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on television, they fly out to Los Angeles, but on the return they agree that it’s not working. After losing her to her record producer, Tony Lacey , he unsuccessfully tries rekindling the flame with a marriage proposal. Back in New York, he stages a play of this episode but changes the ending: now she accepts. The last meeting for them is a wistful coda on New York\'s Upper West Side when they have both moved on to someone new. Alvy’s voice returns with a summation: love is essential, especially if it\'s neurotic. Annie torches "Seems Like Old Times" and the credits roll.'] ['Jason "Igby" Slocumb, Jr. is a misanthropic 17-year-old boy, rebelling against the oppressive world of his strict East Coast "old money" family. His schizophrenic father, Jason, has been committed to an institution; Igby fears he will eventually suffer a mental breakdown like his father. His mother, Mimi, is self-absorbed and distant. Igby mockingly describes his ambitious older brother Ollie as a fascist or alternatively a Young Republican, and that he studies neo-fascism  at Columbia University. Igby figures there must be a better life out there, and he sets out to find it, rebelling against his family at every opportunity. After happily flunking out of several prep schools, he ends up in a brutal military academy where he gets beaten by his fellow students. After escaping and spending time in a Chicago hotel courtesy of his mother\'s credit card, Igby is sent to New York for the summer to his godfather D.H. Banes. While working construction for D.H. he first encounters Rachel, his godfather\'s heroin-addicted trophy mistress. Rather than return to school, he escapes into the bohemian underworld of Manhattan, hiding out with Rachel and her friend Russel. He hooks up with terminally bored, part-time lover, Sookie, only for her to later leave him for Ollie. Despite seeming cold and distant, Mimi is not unaffected by her rebellious son. She describes Igby\'s conception as an act of animosity and it shouldn\'t be a surprise that his life follows the same course. His name is explained as a family in-joke. As a child, he would blame his toy bear, Digby, for things he had done, mispronouncing it as "Igby". In order to get him to take responsibility for his actions his family would call him Igby whenever he lied. Igby is informed by D.H. that his mother Mimi is dying from breast cancer and so he returns to see her. She has arranged to commit suicide with help from Ollie, who sedates her and suffocates her with a plastic bag.  Before she dies, Mimi makes a final revelation, casually inquiring of Igby, "I take it you know that D.H. is your father?" The film ends with Igby leaving for Los Angeles, in an attempt to finally make a clean break by getting 3,000 miles away from his family.'] ["Matthew Putnam  is summoned back to his small hometown of Rockridge by his aged, bedridden aunt Nettie  after seven years of enjoying himself in Europe. She is tired and wants him to take charge of Putnam Dairies, the family business and the town's major employer. Every mother with a marriageable daughter is excited by the return of the wealthy young man, including Mathilda Sherman . However, Matthew shows no interest in Mathilda's daughter Irene . When Matthew visits his good friend Will Oliver , he is pleasantly surprised to see how grown up and beautiful Will's daughter Marge  has become. His reluctance to remain in town evaporates as he spends more and more time with her. This does not sit well with Roy Daniels ([[Robert . When Roy makes his bid for her affections, she turns him down, so he decides to leave for New York City the next day. Marge is up all night trying to balance the church's finances, for which she and Roy are responsible. Finally, an irate Will calls over the shared telephone line and leaves an angry message for Roy to come over to straighten out the mess before he leaves town. However, eavesdroppers misinterpret the message and assume that Roy has gotten Marge pregnant and is trying to leave town without marrying her. Mathilda is delighted and bullies her husband Tom , the president of the Sherman Bank, into firing Marge. She also disqualifies Marge's winning entry in the prestigious annual flower show. Marge and Matthew are oblivious to the rumors. He asks her to marry him; she accepts, provided they elope the next day. Then they separately find out about the ugly stories being circulated about Marge. Matthew decides to teach the town a sharp lesson. He first transfers all his money out of the Sherman Bank, which would lead to its collapse, and orders the replacement of all 300 local workers with out-of-towners. Faced with the destruction of their community, the workers organize a meeting that Matthew attends. Before things get totally out of hand, Matthew's aunt Nettie shows up and gives the townsfolk a tongue-lashing for their malicious gossip by bringing up their own past misdeeds. Meanwhile, when Matthew was late for their elopement, Marge assumed he believed the stories. Will, having discovered it was his call that started the whole mess, shoots himself. Fortunately, he botches his suicide and survives with only a minor wound. Everything is eventually straightened out and the couple sneak off to a nearby town to get married. However, the chastened townspeople have not changed their ways too much it seems. A mock disagreement between the newlyweds about where they should spend their honeymoon is seen and misreported as a full-blown argument."] ['Ted Healy and his Stooges are entertainers. But because Healy is much more interested in women than he is in performing, they are thrown out of the Happy Hour Theatre. Unable to keep a job anywhere else, they are reduced to waiting tables at a high-class restaurant. This, of course, ends up being a disaster as the restaurant is thrown into chaos because of them. So, yet again, they are thrown back out on to the streets.'] ["On a flat bed lorry driven in the streets of London, England, a motor car is under a gray cover with the initials RR. The Rolls Royce is first purchased by Lord Charles, the Marquess of Frinton  as a 10th wedding anniversary present for his French wife, Eloise . Frinton is Under Secretary of State at the Foreign Office. The marquess is a longtime horse owner who has his heart set on winning the Ascot Gold Cup. This year his horse, named June 10  is the favourite and does indeed win. Lord Frinton is presented the Gold Cup by King George V. However, his elation is blighted when he finds his wife with her lover and his underling, John Fane  in the back of the Rolls with the shades drawn. For appearance's sake, Lord Frinton will not divorce his wife, but he returns the car. 20,023 miles later, Genoa, Italy — The Rolls, according to G. Bomba, owner of the Genova Auto Salon was “owned by a Maharajah, who lost his money at the San Remo Casino.” The Rolls is purchased by American gangster Paolo Maltese . He is touring Italy with his bored fiancée Mae Jenkins  and his right-hand man Joey Friedlander . When Maltese returns to Miami to take care of some unsavory business, he leaves Joey to chaperone Jenkins. Friedlander turns a blind eye when she falls in love with Stefano , a handsome young street photographer. Upon finding Jenkins and Stefano in the back of the Rolls with the shades drawn, Friedlander walks away. But he later shows Jenkins an eight-day-old American newspaper headline, Bugs O’ Leary Slain—Police Claim Gang Warfare, that was Paolo’s business in the United States. Jenkins lies to Stefano, telling him that it was just a fling, in order to protect him from her lethal boyfriend. Trieste on the Yugoslav border – the year, 1941 — The Rolls is in a repair shop. The car exterior is filthy with OCCASIONE  painted on the windscreen. It is bought by Gerda Millett , a bossy, wealthy American widow touring Europe. During the Invasion of Yugoslavia by the Nazi Germans, patriot Davich  commandeers her automobile to sneak into the country. However, none of his men know how to drive, so Millett volunteers, much to Davich’s surprise. They survive a German aerial attack and reach their destination. Along the way, these two very different people fall in love. Millett and Davich get in the back of the Rolls and draw the shades down. She wants to stay and help repel the invaders, but Davich will not permit it, saying it is not her fight. He tells her to go back to America and tell people what she has witnessed. The car is seen being unloaded from a cargo ship in New York. During the end credits, it is seen driving along an expressway, passing beneath a road sign reading I-95, George Washington Bridge, Bronx – Next Right."] ["In 1903, American seaman Henry Adams  is stranded penniless in England and gets caught up in an unusual wager between two wealthy, eccentric brothers, Oliver  and Roderick Montpelier . They persuade the Bank of England to issue a one million pound banknote, which they present to Adams in an envelope . The reason for this is that Oliver believes that the mere existence of the note will enable the possessor to obtain whatever he needs, while Roderick contends that it would actually have to be spent for it to be of any use. Once Adams gets over the shock of discovering how much the note is worth, he tries to return it to the brothers, but is told that they have left for a month. He then finds a letter in the envelope, explaining the wager and promising him a job if he can avoid spending the note for the month. At first, everything goes as Oliver had predicted. Adams is mistaken for an eccentric millionaire and has no trouble getting food, clothes and a hotel suite on credit, just by showing his note. The story of the note is reported in the newspapers. Adams is welcomed into exclusive social circles, meeting the American ambassador and English aristocracy. He becomes very friendly with Portia Lansdowne , the niece of the Duchess of Cromarty. Then, fellow American Lloyd Hastings  asks him to back a business venture. Hastings tells Adams that he does not have to put up any money himself; the mere association will allow Hastings to raise the money he needs to start up a gold mine by selling shares. Trouble arises when the Duke of Frognal , who had been unceremoniously evicted from the suite Adams now occupies, hides the note as a joke. When Adams is unable to produce the note, panic breaks out amongst the shareholders and Adams' creditors. Fortunately, all is straightened out in the end, and Adams is able to return the note to the Montpelier brothers at the end of the month."] ['Akeem Joffer , the prince and heir to the throne of a fictitious, wealthy African country called Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, King Jaffe Joffer  and Queen Aeoleon , present him with a bride-to-be, Imani Izzi , whom he has never met and who is trained to obey his every command. Seeing that Imani is too subservient and offers nothing for his intellect, Akeem concocts a plan to travel to the United States to find an independent-minded wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for himself, not his status. He and his friend and personal aide, Semmi  arrive in Queens, a borough of New York City, because according to Akeem, "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent a run-down apartment in the neighborhood of Long Island City and begin working at a local fast food restaurant called McDowell\'s , passing themselves off as poor foreign students. Akeem falls in love with McDowell\'s daughter, Lisa , who possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem\'s attempts to win Lisa\'s hand in marriage, which is complicated by her obnoxious and lazy boyfriend Darrell . Although Akeem thrives on working hard and seeing how commoners live, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man. When Akeem donates their travel money  after Semmi nearly blows their cover, Semmi transmits a plea to King Joffer for more financial help. This causes the Zamundan royal couple to travel to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity, as he tried to convince Lisa he was a simple goat herder from Zamunda, not the prince. She refuses to marry Akeem even after he offers to renounce his throne, and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. On the way to the airport, King Joffe remarks that Akeem cannot marry Lisa anyway because of "tradition," and defending himself by saying "Who am I to change it?" Queen Aoleon responds curtly, "I thought you were the King." At the final scene\'s wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle, but when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged bride. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony to the cheers of Zamundans. Witnessing such splendor, Lisa is impressed that Akeem would have given it up just for her. Akeem proposes that he can make his abdication official, but Lisa playfully declines and decides to become a royal instead.'] 