['Peter "Junior" Potter  has graduated from Harvard and now heads west to the town of Sawbuck Pass to claim his Daddy\'s fortune. When he gets there, Junior discovers to his horror that practically everyone in town claims to be owed a debt and that his father\'s treasure chest is empty. Junior stalls the townfolk for as long as he can. He makes the acquaintance of a singing cowboy named Roy  and a sexy saloon performer with the masculine name of Mike , who has to fend off Junior\'s persistent advances. A mysterious masked bandit known only as "The Torch" has been leading midnight raids, meanwhile. What the wise-cracking, clueless Junior doesn\'t know is that the object of his affections, Mike, is in fact The Torch, and that Roy is a government agent with a Smith and Wesson Model 320 Revolving Rifle hidden in his guitar case, bent on capturing her.'] ['Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, Evil Roy Slade  grew up alone—save for his teddy bear—and mean. As an adult, he is notorious for being the "meanest villain in the West"—so he\'s thrown for quite a loop when he falls for sweet schoolteacher Betsy Potter . There\'s also Nelson L. Stool , a railroad tycoon, who, along with his dimwitted nephew Clifford , is trying to get revenge on Evil Roy Slade for robbing him.'] ['Cable Hogue  is isolated in the desert, awaiting his partners, Taggart  and Bowen , who are scouting for water. The two plot to seize what little water remains to save themselves. Hogue, who hesitates to defend himself, is disarmed and abandoned to almost certain death. Confronted with sandstorms and other desert elements, Hogue bargains with God. Four days later, about to perish, he stumbles upon a muddy pit. He digs and discovers an abundant supply of water. After discovering that his well is the only source of water between two towns on a stagecoach route, he decides to live there and build a business. Hogue\'s first paying customer is the Rev. Joshua Duncan Sloane ([[David Warner , a wandering minister of a church of his own revelation. Joshua doubts the legitimacy of Hogue\'s claim to the spring, prompting Hogue to race into town to file at the land office. Hogue faces the mockery of everyone he tells about his discovery. That does not deter him from buying {{convert}} surrounding his spring. He immediately goes to the stage office to drum up business but is thrown out by the skeptical owner. He pitches his business plan to a bank president, who is dubious about the claim. Hogue impresses the banker with his attitude and he is staked to $100. Hogue, who hasn’t bathed since his desert wanderings, decides to treat himself to a night with Hildy , a prostitute in the town saloon. They quickly develop a jovial understanding but before they can consummate the transaction, Hogue remembers that he has still not set up his boundary markers and rushes out, much to Hildy\'s chagrin. She chases him out of the saloon in a sequence that wreaks havoc on the town. Back at the spring, Hogue and Joshua get to work, dubbing the claim Cable Springs. The two decide to go into town and are drunk by the time they arrive. Hogue makes up with Hildy and spends the night with her, leaving Joshua to pursue his passion: the seduction of emotionally vulnerable women. Hogue and Joshua continue to run the robust business, delighting in shocking the often genteel travelers with the realities of frontier life. In moments of solitude, Hogue and Joshua philosophize on the nature of love and the passing of their era. Joshua decides that he must return to town. Hildy arrives at Cable Springs having been "asked" to leave by the modernizing townfolk, who can no longer abide open prostitution in their midst. She tells Hogue that she will leave for San Francisco in the morning but winds up staying with him for three weeks. This time elapses during a tender, romantic montage. Then one day, Taggart and Bowen arrive on the stagecoach. Hogue lets them believe that he bears them no ill will. Hogue alludes to a huge stash of cash that he has hoarded, knowing that the two men will return to steal it. When they do, Hogue orders them to strip to their underwear to venture into the desert, just as he had been forced to do. Taggart, believing Hogue will once again hesitate to defend himself, reaches for his gun but Hogue shoots him dead. A motor car appears, driving right past Cable Springs with no need or interest in stopping for water. The drivers laugh at the archaic scene of western violence as they race past. "Drove right by," says Hogue in amazement. "Well, that\'s gonna be the next fella\'s worry." Hogue takes mercy on the grovelling Bowen. He even gives him Cable Springs, having decided to go to San Francisco to find Hildy. The stagecoach arrives and Hogue gets ready to pack up when suddenly another motorcar appears. This one does stop and Hildy emerges, opulently dressed. She has become prosperous and now on her way to New Orleans, has come to see if Hogue is ready to join her. He agrees but while he loads the motorcar he accidentally trips its brake. The car runs over Hogue as he pushes Bowen out of the way. Joshua, who arrives by motorcycle, gives a eulogy for Hogue as he dies. This segues into a funeral with the cast standing mournfully over Hogue\'s grave. They are grieving not only the death of the man but the era he represents. The stagecoach and motorcar drive off in opposite directions, with a coyote wandering into the abandoned Cable Springs. But the coyote has a collar - possibly symbolising the taming of the wilderness.'] ['Milford Farnsworth  is a bumbling insurance agent who unknowingly sells a life insurance policy to the outlaw Jesse James . Farnsworth is sent out West to protect the insurance company\'s investment by "protecting" James. James has his own plans to have Farnsworth killed while dressed as the outlaw, so that he and his soon to be "widow" Cora Lee Collins  can collect on the $100,000 insurance policy. Farnsworth avoids several attempts on his life while he and Collins fall in love with each other. After the last attempt is made on his life, Farnsworth impersonates the justice of the peace who is supposed to marry James and Collins. When Farnsworth and Collins make a run for it, they end up in a gun battle with the James Gang where several Western heroes make their cameos to surreptitiously help Farnsworth. In the end Farnsworth is victorious, marries Collins, and becomes president of the insurance company.'] ["The film costars Tim Conway and Don Knotts as a pair of bumbling holdup men who try to steal gold, but are later offered it by a group of children. Conway and Knotts play the leads in the sequel , in which Bixby and the rest of the original cast &ndash; with the exception of Harry Morgan as the sheriff &ndash; do not appear. It also features Susan Clark as the stagecoach driver who is persuaded to marry the gambler in an attempt for both of them to keep custody of the children; Harry Morgan as the sheriff who doubles as the barber, Justice of the Peace, and the judge; and Slim Pickens as Knotts' and Conway's former boss who tries to kidnap the children and steal the gold."] ["Chester Wooley  and Duke Egan  are traveling salesmen who make a stopover in Wagon Gap, Montana while enroute to California. During the stopover, a notorious criminal, Fred Hawkins, is murdered, and the two are charged with the crime. They are quickly tried, convicted, and sentenced to die by hanging. The head of the local citizen's committee, Jim Simpson , recalls a law whereby the survivor of a gun duel must take responsibility for the deceased's debts and family. The law spares the two from execution, but Chester is now responsible for the widow Hawkins  and her seven children. They go to her farm, where Chester is worked by Mrs. Hawkins from dawn to dusk. To make matters worse, Chester must work at the saloon at night to repay Hawkin's debt to its owner, Jake Frame ([[Gordon Jones . Her plan is to wear Chester down until he agrees to marry her. Chester quickly learns that no one will harm him, for fear that they will have to support Mrs. Hawkins and her family. Simpson makes Chester the sheriff in hopes that the fear of him will help clean up the lawless town. For protection, Chester carries around a photograph of Mrs. Hawkins and her kids. The approach works for a while, and Chester is heralded as a hero. Meanwhile, Duke still plans to go to California and tries to get Judge Benbow  to marry Mrs. Hawkins, in order to free him and Chester from their obligations. He starts a rumor that Mrs. Hawkins is about to become rich once the railroad buys her land to lay tracks. The rumor takes on a life of its own, with everyone trying to kill Chester in hopes of marrying Mrs. Hawkins . Frame eventually confesses to Hawkins' murder; Duke and Chester are cleared and allowed to leave town, but not before they admit that the railroad rumor was fabricated by them. Benbow still wants to marry Mrs. Hawkins, and she agrees. She then announces that the railroad actually did offer her substantial money, and she is now wealthy."] ["Phoebe Ann Naylor  is about to be wed to Don Andrea Baldazar, El Duce de la Casala  in Louisiana. The festivities are broken up with the arrival of Yancey Cottle  and his relatives, who form a U.S. cavalry unit under the command of Cottle's cousin, Captain Rodney Stimpson ([[Peter Graves . When Cottle is killed, Don Andrea is charged with murder. He flees, promising to meet up with Phoebe Ann across the river in Texas, not yet a U.S. state. In the wake of the failed wedding, Phoebe Ann is sent to Texas to lie low until the scandal blows over. Her wagon train is helped by Sam Hollis  and his Indian sidekick, Kronk . Along the way, Hollis gets separated from the wagon train and meets up with Don Andrea, whom he calls Baldy. The two form an antagonistic relationship, as well as a love-triangle with Phoebe Ann, made more complex by the Indian maiden Loneta , and the men's attempts to keep a Comanche raiding party at bay."] ['Huckleberry Bass , an American fur trapper, is making his way back home with a full cargo of hides when he encounters a group of Kiowa Indians led by Two Crows , who insist on taking his furs. As "payment" they offer him a slave, Joseph Lee , who they had previously taken from a group of Comanches. Reluctantly, realising he cannot fight them, Bass agrees to the trade. Bass is slightly bemused by his new companion, who is a well-educated and refined house slave, unused to the ways of the West. Bass orders him to help him recover the furs from the Kiowa. Lee only agrees to help if Bass agrees to take him to Mexico where slavery is outlawed. Bass is not amused, but the two strike up a friendly relationship, with Bass teaching Lee how to catch food in the West. As Lee and Bass come upon the Kiowa, they watch them being ambushed by a group of scalphunters, white Americans and Mexicans who were offered a bounty by the government for each Native scalp they brought in. These scalphunters, led by Jim Howie , kill the Kiowa and also steal the furs which Bass had hoped to recover. He and Lee are forced to track the party, hoping to take back the furs. Unfortunately, while spying on them, Lee tips over a cliff and is captured by the scalphunters, who decide they can sell him for $1500 in Galveston, Texas. As they travel southwards, Jim Howie\'s girlfriend, Kate , reveals to Lee that they are heading for Mexico. He begins to win her favor, by doing her hair and telling her fortune, hoping she will persuade Howie to take him with them across the border, rather than sell him. Bass meanwhile has been following closely on their trail, and at one point he pins them down with sniper fire, forcing them to let loose the packhorse carrying the furs. He is ambushed, however, and the scalphunters recover the furs and proceed on their way. Approaching their camp at night, Bass tries to persuade Lee to help him, but the slave is now set on going to Mexico and refuses him assistance. Bass kills several of the scalphunters, by intentionally starting a rock avalanche in the mountains near where they are situated. After again failing to secure the furs, Bass contaminates the water of a nearby creek with a toxin that causes the scalphunters\' horses to run and buck wildly as they drink the water. Now thoroughly fed up, and wanting to make it to Mexico in safety, they send Lee as a courier to Bass telling him he can keep the furs. A wary Bass comes down to collect the lone packhorse, and is ambushed by Howie who had always intended to break the deal. In an ensuing struggle Howie is shot dead by Lee. The bickering Bass and Lee then break into a long fight, in which neither can defeat the other. Meanwhile, a group of Kiowa attack and overrun the scalphunters. Two Crows, who had survived an earlier massacre, has fetched reinforcements. He takes back the furs, per their earlier deal. The story ends with Bass and Lee, now friends, preparing to follow the Kiowa to take back the furs.'] ['Broke and in debt, an otherwise honest cowboy known as Jim Kane  gets mixed up in some shady dealings with Stretch Russell  and Bill Garrett , a crooked rancher. Russell tells Kane to escort 200 head of cattle from Mexico to the United States for a good sum of money. Kane agrees and brings along his friend Leonard  to aid him. Unfortunately, the two come upon many unexpected events that often deter them from completing their job.'] ['{{plot}} A panicked scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana. He has a magnetic collar around his neck, while a large serrated disc flies through the air after him. Eventually, the fast-moving blade catches up to the scientist and beheads him. In 1869, Army Captain James T. West , hides in a railroad water tower. He is spying on a group of ex-Confederate soldiers working under General "Bloodbath" McGrath , whom West has swore to take down. West follows them to a saloon where General McGrath is enjoying a loud party and is seduced by a large prostitute who attempts to hypnotize the general into divulging his plans. West breaks in, but is stopped by the prostitute, allowing McGrath to escape. West fights off McGrath\'s men and finds himself with the prostitute, who reveals himself as U.S. Marshal Artemus Gordon . In Washington, D.C., West and Gordon meet at the White House with President Ulysses S. Grant , who tells them about the disappearance of America\'s key scientists regarding to McGrath\'s plot. Grant charges the two with finding the scientists before he inaugurates the first transcontinental railroad at Promontory, Utah. Onboard their train, Gordon reveals the murdered scientist\'s head and uses a projection device to see his last image via the Retinal Terminus Theory. Finding McGrath and a clue in the image, they two head to New Orleans, pursuing a lead about Dr. Arliss Loveless , an ex-Confederate scientist in a steam-powered wheelchair since the loss of his lower body, who is hosting a party for the elite of Southern society. West mistakes a female guest for a disguised Gordon and makes an error that results in the guests wanting to lynch West. Meanwhile, Gordon roams the mansion and comes across a caged Rita Escobar , rescuing her. Gordon frees West from a lynching with an elastic rope, and the three escape to their train The Wanderer. On board, Rita asks for their help in rescuing her father, Professor Guillermo Escobar. Later, Loveless hosts a reception to demonstrate his newest weapon: a steam-powered tank. The tank uses General McGrath\'s soldiers as target practice, which angers McGrath. Upon McGrath demanding why Loveless would be betraying him and his soldiers, Loveless explains that McGrath\'s co-surrender with General Robert E. Lee to Grant at Appomattox is what ticked him off the most. Loveless then shoots McGrath and leaves him behind in the lake. Gordon, West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath, who then explains that Loveless was the man behind one a horrible war crime: a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves, including West\'s family. The tank malfunctioned and exploded at New Liberty, causing the catastrophic damage to Loveless\'s lower body, and until that night had been in Europe convalescing, being fitted with his wheelchair, and plotting his revenge. Loveless boards his armored train and heads to Utah with Gordon, West, and Rita in pursuit. Using steam powered hydraulics, Loveless maneuvers his train behind The Wanderer. West disables Loveless\' train, but not before Loveless uses a cannon-launched grappling hook to stop The Wanderer. Rita, afraid of being recaptured by Loveless, grabs one of Gordon\'s rigged pool balls and accidentally releases the sleeping gas that knocks out West , Gordon and herself. West and Gordon wake up as Loveless and his posse pull away in The Wanderer taking Rita and the engineer hostage, announcing he intends to capture President Grant at the "golden spike" ceremony. They find themselves fitted with the same metal collars that killed the scientist in the opening scene, and inside a small wire fence, intended to imprison them. West steps over the fence, triggering a machine to release the lethal flying disks, forcing West and Gordon to run as the disks are magnetically attracted to the collars. The two leap into a mud pit from opposite directions, causing the discs to collide and explode in contact. After removing the collars, the two stumble across Loveless\' private rail, which leads them to his industrial complex, hidden in Spider Canyon. Here, they witness Loveless\'s ultimate weapon: a gigantic mechanical spider armed with a nitroglycerin cannon. Later, Loveless uses the spider to capture President Grant and Gordon  at the inauguration ceremony at Promontory Point, while West is seemingly shot to death by one of Loveless\' bodyguards. At his industrial complex, Loveless reveals his plan: to destroy the United States with his mechanized forces unless President Grant agrees to divide the states among Great Britain , France , Spain , Mexico , and himself . Loveless demands that President Grant surrender, but he refuses. Loveless threatens to execute Gordon but is interrupted by a belly dancer, who turns out to be West in disguise, having used Gordon\'s bullet-proof vest made of chain mail to escape death. Though West manages to use an exotic dance to distract Loveless, allowing he and Gordon to free the captives, but Loveless escapes in the ensuing battle, taking the President with him. To save the President, Gordon and West, using a theoretical design by Leonardo da Vinci, build a flying machine to catch up with the spider after it destroys a town as Loveless attempts to force Grant to sign the surrender. Gordon and West crash onto the spider, knocking one of Loveless\'s guards overboard. While Gordon and Grant are held at gunpoint, West is dropped into the engine room to fight the spider\'s crew, all of whom have bizarre prosthetic weapons. West defeats the crew and Loveless himself descends into the engine room to fight West while having his guards to man the controls and keep Gordon and Grant in gunpoint. Loveless, now on mechanical legs, engages into a fight with West and pins him to the floor, until Gordon pulls out a tiny single-shot \'"peashooter" at him, forcing the Loveless\' guards to disarm themselves. Gordon shoots a hole in Loveless\'s hydraulic line, and all the oil quickly drains from his legs, allowing West to gain the upper hand. This allows Gordon and Grant to defeat the rest of Loveless\' guards, and pleading for his life, Loveless drags himself back to his wheelchair as the spider approaches a cliff. After being confronted for the New Liberty massacre, Loveless attempts to shoot West with a concealed gun, but hits the spider\'s control lines, jamming it just before it could plunge into the canyon. This sends West and Loveless teetering over the edge. Loveless then attempts to decide whether he should pull the chair\'s lever that will release them or not, knowing it will send both him and West to fall to their deaths if he does so. However, West pulls the lever himself, grabbing a chain hanging from the spider, while Loveless falls to his doom. After the second ceremony at Promontory, Grant promotes Gordon and West to the first two agents of his newly-formed U.S. Secret Service. Gordon and West meet Rita again, both of them planning to court her, but she crushes their hopes by announcing that Professor Escobar was her husband, not her father, though she comforts them by saying that they have each other. The film ends with Gordon and West assuming to be riding on horseback, but are revealed to be piloting Loveless\'s steam-spider into the sunset.'] ["Jed Catlow and Ben Cowan served together in the Civil War and became friends, but now Catlow is a thief and Cowan a marshal tracking him down. Catlow is accused of rustling the wealthy rancher Parkman's cattle. Parkman has hired a vicious gunfighter, Orville Miller, to kill Catlow. Offering to turn himself in, Catlow joins Cowan on a stagecoach to Fort Smith, but his men stage an ambush. Catlow heads for Hermosillo, Mexico, where a woman named Rosita is in love with him and a $2 million shipment of gold is arriving soon by mule train. Cowan goes after him. He is bushwhacked by Miller, who tosses the bound marshal across a horse with a badge pinned on his backside and turns him loose. Cowan barely avoids a plunge to his death off a cliff. Allowed to recover at General Calderon's grand hacienda, Ben becomes attracted to Christina, the general's daughter. Catlow gets the drop on Miller during a bath and hits him with a jug that shatters, cutting Miller's vocal cords. After stealing the army's gold, Catlow flees toward the scorching desert and into dangerous Apache territory. He rejects Rosita, who angrily recruits men to go with her after Catlow and kill him. Cowan follows, as usual, but Miller shows up and shoots Cowan, wounding him. Catlow picks up Cowan's gun and shoots Miller. Christina will take care of Cowan. Meantime, a smiling Catlow puts on his friend's badge and gives an indication that he will turn to the right side of the law."] ['A parody of Westerns, it is set in the fictitious town of Stodge City . An outlaw known as The Rumpo Kid  arrives in town and quickly turns the quiet town into a base for his network of cattle rustlers and thieves, despite the limited protests of the inept Judge Burke , who is also the town\'s teetotaling mayor. When the inept sheriff, Albert Earp , is brought in, he is quickly dispatched by Rumpo. In Washington DC, Englishman Marshal P. Knutt , a "sanitation engineer first class", arrives in America in the hope of revolutionising the American sewage system. He accidentally walks into the office of the Commissioner, thinking it to be the Public Works Department, and is mistaken for the new US Peace Marshal for Stodge City. The Rumpo Kid hears of the new Marshal, and tries all he can to kill the Marshal without being caught, including sending out a pack of Indians, led by their Chief Big Heap ([[Charles Hawtrey  and hanging the Marshal after framing him for cattle rustling. Knutt is saved by the prowess of Annie Oakley , who has taken a liking to Knutt. Eventually, Knutt runs the Kid out of town, but once Rumpo discovers that Knutt really is a sanitary engineer and not the Peace Marshal he once thought, the Kid swears revenge, returning to Stodge City for a showdown, in an explicit parody of High Noon. By hiding beneath the manholes in the main street , Knutt kills off Rumpo\'s gang, but fails to capture Rumpo, who escapes with the aide of Belle , the local madam.'] ['Jonathon Tibbs, son of a family of English gunsmiths, has no interest in the business and prefers inventing gadgets, in particular a steam-powered horseless carriage. Threatened with disinheritance if he does not report for work, he discovers that the company is not doing very well, and concludes that someone must expand their sales. He reads in his newspaper about the wide use of guns in the American West of the 1880s, and decides to go there himself to sell firearms to the locals. He ends up at the small lawless town of Fractured Jaw and inadvertently acquires a reputation for quickness on the draw, due to his wrist-mounted Derringer style weapon. He is innocently drawn into a range war between the "Box T" and "Lazy S" cattle outfits, both of whom claim sole water rights and, when he proves able to stand up to their hired gunmen, is appointed sheriff. He endeavours to clean up the town using what skills he has, and by multilateral diplomacy. He attracts the support of Miss Kate, a blonde bombshell hotel owner, who helps him to fight off the hired guns of both cattle ranches, who all want him dead. Earning the respect of the local Indian tribe, he becomes a blood brother of theirs, under the name of \'Fleet Iron Hat\'. When he and Kate are besieged by the gunmen of both outfits, they come to his rescue and help to arrest the men. The two ranch owners eventually offer a deal to maintain the peace and share the water rights. With relative peace restored, Jonathon decides to remain in Fractured Jaw, becomes an American citizen and marries Kate.'] ['Barry \'Bazza\' McKenzie  travels to England with his aunt Edna Everage  to advance his cultural education. Bazza is a young Aussie fond of beer, Bondi and beautiful \'sheilas\'. He settles in Earl\'s Court, where his old friend Curly  has a flat. He gets drunk, is ripped off, insulted by pretentious Englishmen and exploited by record producers, religious charlatans and a BBC television producer . He reluctantly leaves England under the orders of his aunt, after exposing himself on television. His final words on the plane home are, "I was just starting to like the Poms!".'] ['The husband of Laura Breckenridge has stolen $200,000 from a Denver mint. To return the money and clear her name, she offers Sam Whiskey a $20,000 reward to recover it. Sam brings along a blacksmith, Jedidiah Hooker, and an inventor, O.W. Bandy, on his quest, trailed by a villain called Fat Henry who wants the loot for himself. They create a false bust of George Washington made of gold that fools Fat Henry and are able to claim the $20,000, which Sam gratefully splits with his partners.'] ['Amos  and Theodore , the old bank robbers turned good guys, arrive in the "boom town" of Junction City, and cause havoc from the start. The duo &ndash; who had promised to go straight after the events of the first film &ndash; get into trouble when they are framed for robbery at the town bank. The robbers trick them into depositing their money, and then run off with it. The town\'s feared lawman, Marshal Wooly Bill Hitchcock , is determined to capture the gang and punish them for their crime, but when he catches Amos and Theodore at the bank and attempts to arrest them, their guns accidentally go off and hit Wooly Bill in the hands as witnesses look on. The accident not only makes Amos and Theodore the new "quick guns" in the town, but it makes the humiliated lawman even more determined to capture the "Apple Dumpling Gang"  Things get worse when their donkey Clarise  shows up with the stolen money when the real bank robbers in a hurry put most of the money on her saddle. As they attempt to return it by swinging it from the roof of the building across from the building, the bags land on Wooly Bill and cause even more injuries to him. To escape Hitchcock\'s vengeance, the pair enlist in the US Army, but after further bunglings and a run-in with the marshal they accidentally set fire to the fort. As a result of this, the fort commander Major Gaskill  loses his job and the Apple Dumplings are court martialled and sent to a military jail. This "jail" however turns out to be a cover for robber baron "Big Mac"  who recruits Amos and Theodore as hired guns for a train robbery. Still determined to "go straight", the boys try to extricate themselves from the situation by dressing up as bar-room dance girls - a disguise which bizarrely fools even Big Mac himself! In the end, with the help of an army intelligence officer  who is posing as an enlisted soldier, and their former commander\'s daughter Millie , they foil the robbers and are given pardons.'] ['Cattle baron George Washington "G.W." McLintock  is living the single life on his ranch. He is estranged from wife Katherine , who left him two years before, suspecting him of adultery. When he isn\'t playing chess or breaking his own record for throwing a hat up onto the longhorn-shaped weather vane at the top of his house every time he comes home drunk, McLintock keeps busy with the ranch. He hires attractive widow Louise Warren  as his cook and welcomes both her and her two children into his home, including grown son Dev , who\'s handy with his fists. McLintock butts heads with a local gadfly, Matt Douglas, and Territorial Governor Cuthbert Humphrey, a sleazy bureaucrat who is looking to discredit McLintock, settle the territory, and remove the local Comanche Indians. Sparks begin to fly as an unexpected turn of events results in brawls, gunfire, an Indian attack&nbsp;... and the return of Mrs. McLintock, who wants custody over their daughter Becky   and a divorce from G.W. Becky comes home from school with her banjo-playing love interest, "Junior" Douglas , but soon falls for Dev, and vice versa. McLintock approves of their engagement, then pursues Katherine through the streets and shops of town until he paddles her backside and gets her back.'] ['Eddie Tayloe  is a reporter assigned to the Ft. Worth desk of a Dallas newspaper, and as the two neighboring cities are feuding, therefore has nothing to do. He dreams of becoming a New York playwright, and a small inheritance from his grandfather gives him his chance. Quitting his job, he begins the long drive. Picking up hitchhiker Perry Denklin , also looking for fame and fortune in New York, he shares with her encounters with various eccentric characters. The big city does not work out for either of them, and when Eddie finds Perry working in a Coney Island girlie show, he pulls her out and they find happiness together, buying a ranch back in Texas.{{cite book}}'] ['Paul Hogan plays Lightning Jack Kane, an Australian outlaw who is continuously annoyed at not being recognised as an outlaw, partially due to his lackluster and occasionally completely failed robberies. Whilst attempting a robbery, he takes mute Ben Doyle  as a hostage. He later discovers that, tired of never been treated with respect due to his disability, Ben wishes to join him. Jack attempts to teach Ben how to shoot a gun and rob banks, with his first attempt at "on-the-job" training ending with Ben shooting himself in the foot. Across the course of the training, they pay occasional visits to saloons where Jack shows Ben the truth about adult life, including helping him to lose his virginity. However, the true nature of the saloon visits is for Jack to make contact with showgirl Lana Castel , who, unbeknownst to Jack, is madly in love with him. When Ben\'s training is complete, the pair learn of a bank which is said to be the hardest in the country to rob, the entire town armed and ready to protect it. Jack sees this as the test he has been waiting for, and together they hatch a plan to rob it. Everything seems to be going smoothly and they are set to begin, until Jack discovers that a rival gang of outlaws is also planning to rob the bank. He is prepared to give up when Ben has a plan of his own. Ben silently tips off the townspeople, who quickly swarm the bank with the rival outlaws inside. The gang are arrested and the entire town celebrates, allowing Jack and Ben to slip unnoticed into the bank and swiftly strip it clean. Before leaving, Jack jumps into the celebrations, ensuring that his grinning face appears at the top of the town photo. By the time the true robbery is discovered, the pair - and Lana - are gone, with a bounty of thousands on their heads and all of America searching for them - the life that Jack had always wanted.'] ["A hardened American gunfighter arrives in a small town in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies, a place that doesn't understand or appreciate the brutal code of the American Wild West. Gunslinger Sean Rafferty , known as the Montana Kid, has a bounty on his head for killing eleven people across the western United States. He arrives in town on his horse, riding backwards, bound, with a noose around his neck, and dragging the broken tree branch over which a group had tried to hang him on the American side of the border. After being helped off his horse by a young Chinese girl named Adell , he begins to explore the town, starting with the town general store. After leaving the store, he finds his horse gone and accuses Jack , the blacksmith, of stealing it, even though Jack was simply replacing the horse's damaged shoes. After unsuccessfully trying to intimidate the blacksmith, the Montana Kid decides to call him out. Since the blacksmith has no gun, though, Sean can't shoot him because the Kid lives by a code of ethics that prevents him from killing unarmed men. When she witnesses this, Jane Taylor , one of the townsfolk, says the Kid can have her broken gun  if he builds her a windmill. Sean proceeds to go with her and stays in a hut at her farm, alternately working on the windmill and repairing the gun. After a few days, however, the Kid begins to develop feelings toward Jane while also becoming friends with the townsfolk. In the meantime, a roaming band of American bounty hunters crosses into Canada and heads for the town to claim the price on Sean's head. They terrorize a camp of Chinese railroad workers to find out his whereabouts. By now - with the addition of a part repaired by the very blacksmith he intends to duel - Sean has finally fixed Jane's pistol. He proceeds to Jack's smithy to demand the duel, gives Jack the gun, and tells him to draw. However, Sean adjusts his aim so that he is pointing his six-shooter slightly to Jack's left , providing an indication that he is done running and may want to die. The Kid tells Jack to pull the trigger, but the gun jams. The Kid takes the gun back from Jack to inspect it, but accidentally sets it off instead, with the ricocheting bullet hitting Jack in the left buttock . After Dr. Angus Schiffron  removes the fragmented bullet from Jack's buttock, the Kid agrees that he and the blacksmith are now even. He then prepares to leave town. As the Kid is riding out of town at one end, the bounty hunters are riding in behind him at the other end. They threaten the townsfolk in an effort to get them to turn over the Kid. The townsfolk instead train their rifles and shotguns on the bounty hunters with the intent of defending themselves. At this time, the Kid has returned, and, not wanting any more bloodshed, Sean tells bounty hunter leader Ben Cutler  that he will go with them if Ben agrees to leave everyone else alone. Ben accepts, but right then town resident Larry  sets off a pile of dynamite that he has placed under a large tree stump by his farmhouse in an effort to get the stump out of the ground. This sets off confusion and sparks a gunfight between the bounty hunters on one side and Sean and the townsfolk on the other. The battle ultimately ends in the town's favour after the Kid takes out Ben's crew without killing any of them. The bounty hunters end up being escorted out of Canada by the local detachment of the North-West Mounted Police, and Sean decides to remain in town. He says he's staying because of a bunch of debts he has to pay off, but he really stays to be with Jane."] ['Old and retired Sergeant Nash Crawford , formerly of the Texas Rangers, enters a saloon where his former partner, Gentleman George Asque , plays poker with a man and beats him ten times in a row. The man calls George a cheater and prepares to draw his gun, but Nash saves his comrade by calling him "Wyatt," making the stranger mistakenly assume he is Wyatt Earp. The two exit the saloon. Nash gives George a telegram which says they should go to Waco because former partner The Baltimore Kid  is in trouble. It is signed "Friend." Jason Fitch  is getting married to Louise Murphy . George and Nash interrupt the ceremony to take Jason with them to Waco and they convince him by shouting the Ranger code "Brazos!" Jason promises Louise he will return and leaves with his friends. In Waco, they find out "Friend" was Amos Polk, a former outlaw, now a newspaper man. Polk takes them to the Baltimore Kid\'s grave. It\'s unclear why Polk called them, but he shows them the Kid\'s wallet, in which is a note Kid leaves to his comrades when he dies. The four go to the saloon, where they meet a drunk who looks very familiar to the Baltimore Kid. They take him to the newspaper office, where he claims to have been a Texas Ranger once. The group is now sure he is the Baltimore Kid. The Kid puts on some elegant clothes and gets a new gun. His gravestone is removed. The Kid becomes the Waco city marshal and the old Rangers his deputies. Now it\'s clear that the bandit who killed the previous marshal and his deputies is a fake. The gang of Sam Braham returns to Waco to kill the real Baltimore Kid. A gunfight in the streets of Waco results and the Rangers win against the outlaws, but the Kid is shot dead. Citizens of Waco bury the Kid again. The old Rangers leave, but, at the end of the town, the Baltimore Kid is waiting, very much alive. All of them go with Jason Fitch, who has to get married.'] ['Louie is singing the song "Louie the Lout" about his days in the old west to the boys in the Sweet Shop. All of a sudden a man arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the store. The man identifies himself as a sheriff of Hangman\'s Hollow, a town out west where Louie is wanted for a murder that took place 20 years before. The boys tell the sheriff they never heard of Louie and he leaves. Louie comes out of hiding and tells them the story of when he was a younger man and lived in Hangman\'s Hollow he and his partner, Pete Briggs, discovered gold. He then tells them that Pete was murdered by Blackjack McCoy and he was framed for the murder and fled to the city. He then shows them a map of where the gold is hidden...tattooed on his back. The boys decide to go out west to clear Louie\'s name and help him give Pete\'s share to his daughter. They make a copy of the map on Sach\'s back and head west. They are ambushed by some Indians and Sach unwittingly shows the map to one of them. Indian Joe then heads back to town and alerts Blackjack that the boys are in town to clear Louie\'s name and claim the gold. Meanwhile Gabe, who Slip sent ahead, has gotten into Blackjack\'s good graces with his card tricks and assists Slip and the boys. Eventually the boys capture Blackjack and have him confess the murder to the sheriff, and just as everyone is about to collect the gold and live happily ever after, Slip hits Sach on the head waking him up. We learn that it was all Sach\'s dream.'] ["Lu Rogers, recently widowed, leaves her children in New York with her mother-in-law in 1911 and travels west to take a job she's been offered. Upon arriving in Arizona, the job falls through, so farmer Aggie Gates tries her out as a hired hand. The resourceful Lu succeeds at work and catches the eye of two potential suitors, Dan Jones, a saloon owner, and Pat Collins, a rancher. A crooked sheriff is exposed by Lu, who is shocked by being offered his job. The humiliated sheriff pulls a holdup and kidnaps her. A posse is formed and comes to Lu's rescue. She receives reward money and uses it to send for her kids. Dan wins her hand, while Pat accepts her badge."] ["Their friendship strained by love of the same woman, cowboy buddies Bobby Ray Burns and Pal Grisham return to hometown Cherub, Texas, to renew old ties and settle an old debt. In the thirty years since the pair split up, Bobby Ray's guitar picking and singing have won him gold records, while Pal's good looks have earned him silver-screen stardom—and the hand of the woman who divided them, Kitty O'Donnell. Known once around old Cherub as 'The Three Musketeers,' Bobby Ray, Pal, and Kitty come home to confront the past in this warm-hearted, cowboy valentine to friendship, love, and fidelity. Even as Cherub welcomes them back as celeb-heroes, Bobby Ray seeks to involve Pal in breaking into the town bank to make an anonymous deposit of $211.63 — repayment of a loan drawn on a whiskey-drinking night, years gone, that saw the 'Musketeers' go their separate ways. Complications ensue as they learn that the bank, much of the town, and Pal's ancestral ranch have fallen into the hands of antagonist, Cale Chason."] ["Rabbi Avram Belinski  arrives in Philadelphia from Poland en route to San Francisco where he will be a congregation's new rabbi. He has with him a Torah scroll for the San Francisco synagogue. Avram, an innocent, trusting and inexperienced traveler, falls in with three con men, the brothers Matt and Darryl Diggs and their partner Mr. Jones, who trick him into helping pay for a wagon and supplies to go west, then brutally rob him and leave him and most of his belongings scattered along a deserted road in Pennsylvania. Still determined to make it to San Francisco, Avram spends a little time with some Pennsylvania Dutch . Injured when he was dumped out of the speeding wagon, the Amish nurse Avram back to health and give him money for the train west to the end of the line. When he reaches the end of the line in Ohio, the rabbi manages to find work on the railroad. On his way west again after saving up enough money to buy a horse and some supplies, he is befriended and looked after by a stranger named Tommy Lillard , a bank robber with a soft heart who is moved by Avram's helplessness and frank personality, despite the trouble it occasionally gives him. For instance, when Tommy robs a bank on a Friday, he finds that Avram  will not ride on the Sabbath—even with a hanging posse on his tail. With some luck, however, they still manage to get away, mainly because with the horses rested from having been walked for a full day, they are fresh and able to ride all night, outdistancing their pursuers. On another occasion, due to Avram's insistence on riding into foul weather, he and Tommy have to use an old Indian trick and snuggle up next to their horses, which they have gotten to lie on the ground, to wait out a snowstorm. While traveling together, the two also experience American Indian customs and hospitality, disrupt a Trappist monastery's vow of silence with an innocent gesture of gratitude, and learn a little about each other's culture. While stopping in a small town not too far of San Francisco, Avram encounters the Diggs brothers and Jones again. He gets into a fight with the three of them, and after taking a beating is rescued by Tommy, who takes back what they had stolen from Avram and a bit more besides. Seeking revenge, the three bandits follow the pair and ambush them on a California beach where Tommy and Avram have stopped to bathe. Avram experiences a crisis of faith when he is forced to shoot Darryl Diggs in self-defense. Tommy brings him back by eloquent argument with simple language, reminding him that he still is what he is inside, despite what he had to do on the beach. When Matt Diggs, sole survivor of the ambushing trio, prepares to avenge his brother by killing Avram and Tommy springs to his friend's defense, Avram regains his composure and shows his wisdom and courage in front of the entire community. He exiles Diggs from San Francisco . The story ends happily with Avram marrying Rosalie Bender, younger daughter of the head of San Francisco's Jewish community, with Tommy attending the ceremony as his best man."] ['Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O\'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy\'s gang, kills Wang\'s uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang\'s only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy\'s mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief\'s daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong\'s ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello , but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang\'s friend, rides off alone to find the princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneously fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang\'s hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.'] ['Dingus Magee  is an outlaw in the old west who undertakes a series of comic adventures with the local sheriff  in pursuit.'] ['Satirising the American Western genre, Lemonade Joe is a clean-living gunfighter who drinks only Kolaloka lemonade and takes on a town full of whiskey-drinking cowboys. It is a musical comedy parodying the old silent westerns, with color tinting and sped up fight scenes, including the obligatory breaking banister. "What\'s good for Kolaloka is good for the law!" says one of the characters, and by the end of the film both villains and heroes learn to work together for the sake of business &mdash; i.e. the Kolaloka company, whose name is obviously based on Coca Cola. As the film progresses, it becomes clearer that Joe doesn\'t just clean up the town for morality\'s sake, but because he wants whiskey out of the way. One of the subplots involves the arrival of an evangelist in the town, with his daughter. Although the evangelist doesn\'t seem to be working purely for financial motives, he is both contrasted and likened to Joe in his techniques. The film\'s main theme is the continuing controversy of interconnection of big business and government in society. While some would see this as necessary, and good, others think the opposite, hence the film\'s opinions on large scale American marketing campaigns, such as Coca Cola\'s, are embodied in Joe\'s ambiguity as a character... is he an all American hero, or just a shameless shill and coward? Likewise Joe\'s love interests are torn between the dark haired beauty who works in the bawdy-house, and the clean living blonde evangelist\'s daughter. Initially he is more interested in the latter, especially as she is involved in a temperance campaign which would be good for his Kolaloka franchise business.'] ['Dance-hall girl Rosie Velez ([[Divine , lost in the desert, is helped to safety by gunman Abel Wood . In the town of Chili Verde, at the saloon of Marguerita Ventura , word of a treasure in gold brings Abel into conflict with outlaw Hard Case Williams ([[Geoffrey Lewis  and his gang.'] ['Hot-headed Winifred "Freddie" Jones  is a saloon singer in the Old West who catches her boyfriend, gambler Blackie Jobero , flirting with another woman and takes a shot at him with the six-shooter she always carries. Unfortunately, she hits a Judge  instead, so she and her friend Conchita  take it on the lam. When they get to a tiny hole-in-the-wall town, Freddie and Conchita are mistaken for the new schoolmarm and her Indian maid. They meet the local muckety-mucks, including wealthy Charles Hingelman , owner of a valuable gold mine, who starts to romance Freddie. When Blackie shows up while tracking Freddie down, complications ensue.<ref nameavg&sql68289&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Perkins, Jeremy Plot summary'] ['The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler Bret Maverick , of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is "the best". However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3,000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3,000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River: an antagonist named Angel , a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford , and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the [[Maverick . The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach , agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians  and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by Joseph ([[Graham Greene . Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph\'s tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game, which is taking place on a paddle steamer. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper has been engaged to oversee its security. Learning that Bransford is still short several thousand dollars of the entry fee, Maverick finds the Grand Duke on board and cons him out of the needed amount so she can get in the game. After the others are eliminated, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and Commodore Duvall , the boat\'s owner and the tournament organizer. Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00 AM deadline, having had his stateroom door chained shut  after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, jack, queen and king of spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in". Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls without checking the card. It turns out to be the ace of spades, giving Maverick an unbeatable royal flush and the championship. An enraged Angel draws his gun, but he and his stooges in the audience are gunned down by Cooper and Maverick. Three plot twists follow Maverick\'s win. First, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Second, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Third, the Commodore betrays Cooper, but before he can shoot him, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money, leaving them a single gun to settle their affairs. The gun turns out to be unloaded, and Cooper beats up the Commodore, then sets out to take revenge on Maverick. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal  that he is in fact Maverick\'s father. The real conspiracy was in fact between the two of them. However, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick . After she escapes, Bret reveals she only got away with half of the money, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick and his father smile as he comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her.'] ['A drifter named Hogan spots and saves a naked woman from being gang-raped by several bandits whom he shoots and kills. He later learns that the woman, Sara, is a nun working with a group of Mexican revolutionaries who are fighting the French. When Sara requests that Hogan take her to a Mexican camp, he agrees because he had previously arranged to help the Mexican revolutionaries attack the French garrison in exchange for a portion of the garrison\'s strongbox if they are successful. As the duo heads toward the camp, Hogan is surprised that the nun smokes his cigars and drinks his whiskey. When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train, he is shot by an arrow in the shoulder. Sara is able to bandage him, but he is still unable to shoot the charge to disable the train. Sara assists him in angling his rifle, and the two are able to destroy the train together. Eventually the two reach Juarista commander Col. Beltran\'s camp and Sara reveals the layout of the French garrison. She then reveals to Hogan that she is not a nun but a prostitute posing as a nun, and the two team up, infiltrate the fortress and open the gates for the Mexican revolutionary forces to swarm through. An epic battle ensues; Hogan demonstrates great bravery in the battle by singlehandedly gunning down several French soldiers. The French retreat and the Mexicans capture the fort. As promised, Hogan receives a big portion of the riches in the fort. Now wealthy and his job completed, Hogan and Sara set off together for further adventures.  All along the film, major plot twists revolve around the anachronistic use of dynamite. Both the item and the word "dynamite" were invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel. The events depicted are supposed to take place during the French intervention in Mexico, between 1861 and 1866, before M. Nobel obtained patents for his invention: in England on May 7, 1867 and in Sweden on October 19, 1867. This anachronism in a 1970 film about a part of Mexican history is to be related with the 1971 Sergio Leone Film Duck, You Sucker! which relates the adventures of a fictional dynamite expert during another Mexican historical period: the revolution of 1911.'] ['The concept of the movie is explained in a voiceover intro by G. W. Bailey, who wonders what it would be like if one of the 1930s/1940s Rex O\'Herlihan movies were to be made today. At that point, in a scene reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz, the cinematogaphy shifts from black & white to color and the soundtrack changes from mono to Dolby Digital surround sound. As a consequence of this paradigm shift, Rex O\'Herlihan , a "singing cowboy," is the only character aware of the plot outline. He explains that he "knows the future" inasmuch as "these Western towns are all the same" and that it\'s his "karma" to "ride into a town, help the good guys, who are usually poor for some reason, against the bad guys, who are usually rich for some reason, and ride out again." Rex\'s knowledge is also connected to the unspecified "root" vegetables he digs up and eats. On his high-stepping horse Wildfire, Rex rides into the town of Oakwood Estates, walks into a saloon and meets Peter, the Town Drunk . In exchange for a free drink, Peter explicates the background: the town, and especially the sheep herders , are being terrorized by the cattle ranchers, headed by Colonel Ticonderoga . Also there is Miss Tracy , the traditional Prostitute with a Heart of Gold. A local sheriff is "a corrupt old coward who takes his orders from the Colonel." Blackie, the foreman at Rancho Ticonderoga, swaggers into the bar with two of his henchmen and shoots one of the sheep herders. Miss Tracy objects, hot words are exchanged, and Blackie is accidentally shot in the back by his henchmen. Rex then shoots the guns out of their hands. Peter exchanges his drunk suit for a sidekick outfit, catches up with Rex, and is reluctantly accepted.  At the singing cowboy\'s campsite, Peter finds not one but two women there eager to get to know Rex a little better, Miss Tracy and the Colonel\'s daughter . The Colonel goes to the boss of the railroad men  who wear [[duster  for help. "We should stick together. Look what we have in common: we\'re both rich, we\'re both power-mad, and we\'re both Colonels— that\'s got to count for something!" Rex outwits the Bad Guys because he knows their every move before they do. But then the Colonels import "Wrangler" Bob Barber , apparently another Good Guy. Bob psychs out Rex in their first meeting by attacking Rex\'s claim to be the "most good Good Guy" and pointing out that a Good Guy has to be "a confident heterosexual." "I thought it was just a heterosexual", Rex objects. "No, it\'s a confident heterosexual," responds Bob. Rex backs down from the shootout. On his way out of town, while preparing to change roles to that of a sidekick, Rex explains to Peter that he rides into town, kisses the girls and rides out again. "That\'s all: I just kiss \'em. I mean, this is the 1880s. You gotta date and date and date and date and sometimes marry \'em before they, you know ..." Bob reports that Rex is finished as a Good Guy. Nevertheless, the Colonels, over Bob\'s objection, arrange for Peter to be bushwhacked. This rouses Rex to round up the sheep herders and face down Bob and the rancher/railroad combine. Bob is revealed as not a Good Guy at all because, after all, "I\'m a lawyer!" Rex shoots him. Colonel Ticonderoga makes the peace. He apologizes to Rex and throws a party at Rancho Ticonderoga, after which Rex and Peter  ride off together into the sunset.'] ['In 1867, John O\'Hanlan  and Harley Sullivan  are aging cowboys working on open cattle ranges in Texas. O\'Hanlan gets a letter from an attorney in Cheyenne, Wyoming, that his disreputable and now deceased brother, DJ, left him something called The Cheyenne Social Club in his will. After they make the 1,000 mile  trek to Cheyenne, O\'Hanlan and Sullivan learn that The Cheyenne Social Club is a high-class brothel next to the railroad. O\'Hanlan\'s new-found status as a man of property makes him the most popular man in town, until he decides to turn the Club into a respectable boarding house. The ladies of the Club hunker down, and show no sign of leaving. John gets into a bar-room brawl with several men who are equally angry at the prospect of the Club closing. John then learns from DJ\'s lawyer that DJ had made a deal with the railroad: if the ladies leave the Club, the land the Club is on will revert back to the railroad. John returns to the Club to discover that Jenny, the head girl , has been assaulted by a man named Corey Bannister. John, with Harley following along, arms himself and goes to the bar where Bannister is. John kills Bannister when Bannister mistakes Harley\'s cracking pecans for a second gun. "Just like DJ would have done" the barkeeper intones of John\'s heroics. The Sheriff advises John and Harley that Bannister\'s relatives are sure to head for Cheyenne once they learn of Bannister\'s death. He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face down the Bannisters, but has to leave town on business. Harley heeds the Sheriff\'s warning and leaves for Texas in spite of John\'s pleads to stay. En route, Harley meets several men at a campfire. While engaging in conversation with the men, Harley discovers they are the Bannisters. He gets on his horse and rides on. The Bannisters show up at the Club and a gunfight ensues. John, with help from Jenny, kills two Bannisters from the window. A third Bannister enters the house through a back door and is killed by Jenny. Harley, who has returned, kills the fourth Bannister after climbing the railroad water tower. John yells, "Is that you Harley?" The head Bannister hears this and remembers Harley as the man who approached them at the campfire. He shoots at Harley, but is gunned down by John. The sixth Bannister runs away. John and Harley are feted at the bar which had formerly shunned them. The Sheriff congratulates them and then tells them 20 to 30 of the Bannisters cousins, the Markstones, are heading to Cheyenne. He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face the Markstones, but has to leave town again on business. This time, John decides to leave and he has DJ\'s lawyer transfer ownership of the Club to Jenny. Months later, while working cattle on the range in Texas, John receives a letter from Jenny. He is touched by it, but tosses it into the fire before him. Harley is upset John has destroyed the letter because he wanted to read it. They then ride off together, arguing.'] ["Catherine Ballou , an aspiring schoolteacher, is traveling by train to Wolf City, Wyoming, to visit her rancher father, Frankie Ballou . En route she unwittingly helps accused cattle rustler Clay Boone  elude his captor, the sheriff , when Boone's Uncle Jed , a drunkard disguised as a preacher, distracts the lawman. She reaches the ranch to find that the Wolf City Development Corporation is trying to take the ranch away from her father, whose only defender is an educated Indian, Jackson Two-Bears . Clay and Jed appear and reluctantly offer to help Catherine. She also hires legendary gunfighter Kid Shelleen  to come and help protect her father from fast-drawing Tim Strawn , alias Silvernose, the hired killer who is threatening Frankie. Shelleen arrives, a drunken stumblebum who is literally unable to hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots and whose pants fall down when he draws his gun. Strawn kills Frankie, and when the townspeople refuse to bring him to justice, Catherine becomes a revenge-seeking outlaw known as Cat Ballou. She and her four gang members rob a train carrying the Wolf City payroll, and Shelleen, inspired by his love for Cat , shapes up and kills Strawn. Later he casually reveals that Strawn was his brother. Cat poses as a lady of loose morals and confronts town boss Sir Harry Percival ([[Reginald Denny , owner of the Wolf City Development Corporation. A struggle ensues, Sir Harry is killed, and Cat is sentenced to be hanged on the gallows. Just after the noose is placed around her neck, Uncle Jed  cuts the rope as she falls through the trapdoor. Her gang then spirits her away in a daring rescue."] ['A popular dance hall girl, Duchess, joins with a gambler nicknamed the "Dirtwater Fox" on the way to Salt Lake City, Utah. Seeking refuge from a pursuing gang of outlaws, the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons. On their trip, they encounter snakes, rapids, horseback pursuits through towns, and even getting tied up by the outlaws .'] ['The five richest men in the territory gather in Laredo for their annual high-stakes poker game. The high rollers let nothing get in the way of their yearly showdown. When undertaker Tropp calls for them in his horse-drawn hearse, cattleman Henry Drummond forces a postponement of his daughter\'s wedding, while lawyer Otto Habershaw abandons his closing arguments in a trial, with his client\'s life hanging in the balance. They are joined by Wilcox and Buford in the back room of Sam\'s saloon, while the curious gather outside for occasional reports. Settlers Meredith, his wife Mary, and their young son Jackie are passing through, on their way to purchase a farm near San Antonio, when a wheel on their wagon breaks. They wait at Sam\'s while the local blacksmith repairs it. Meredith, a recovering gambler, learns of the big poker game and begins to feel the excitement once again. During a break, Otto Habershaw, catches a glimpse of Mary in her violet dress. Being so enchanted by her, he permits Meredith\'s request to watch the game only if Mary allows him. The newcomer buys into the game, eventually staking all of the family savings, meant to pay for a home. The game builds to a climactic hand; the gamblers raise and re-raise until more than $20,000 is in the pot. Meredith, out of cash, is unable to call the latest raise. Under the strain, he collapses. The town physician, Joseph "Doc" Scully, is called to care for the stricken man. Barely conscious, Meredith signals for his wife to play out the hand. Taking his seat, Mary asks, "How do you play this game?" The other players object loudly to playing with someone who does not know the game, but eventually give in. The situation is explained to her: if she cannot match the last raise , she will be out of the hand. Despite the men\'s protests, she leaves the room to borrow additional funds. With Jackie and four of the players trailing behind, Mary crosses the street and talks to the owner of the Cattle and Merchants\' Bank, C. P. Ballinger. After she shows him her hand, Ballinger assumes she is playing a practical joke. When he learns otherwise, he loans her $5,500  and makes a $5,000 raise for her. The other players, aware of Ballinger\'s tightfisted, cautious nature, all reluctantly fold. Mary collects her sizable winnings and pays Ballinger back with interest. The game then breaks up, no one ever having seen the winning hand. The lady\'s determination earns her the admiration of the men. Even Drummond, the most hard-hearted of the bunch, is so touched that, when he returns home to the waiting wedding ceremony, he talks privately to his weak-willed, prospective son-in-law, gives him some money, and orders him to run away and find himself a better wife than his daughter. The denouement takes place in the gambling town of Black Creek, where it is revealed that Meredith, Mary, Doc Scully, and even their "son" are confidence tricksters and expert card sharps. Together with Ballinger and Scully, they have perpetrated a scam on the five poker players, who had swindled the banker in a real estate deal sixteen years before. "Mary" is actually Ballinger\'s girlfriend Ruby. She had promised him she would give up gambling after the caper, but it becomes clear that she had no such intent when she sits down to another poker game.'] ["A shipment of gold bullion is stolen by three men in Arizona and buried near Waterhole No. 3. One of them is killed by Lewton Cole, who discovers a map to the buried treasure scrawled on a $20 bill. The other two thieves, Army Sgt. Henry Foggers and his accomplice Hilb, set out to find Cole and the gold. Cole, meanwhile, gets a headstart on the local law enforcement after the killing by locking up Sheriff John Copperud and his deputy in their own jail. Cole rides to the sheriff's ranch, steals his horse and forces himself on Billie, the sheriff's daughter. Copperud returns to the ranch and infuriates Billie by being more upset over losing his horse than about Cole's treatment of her. An honest man is hard to find in these parts, except for a U.S. Cavalry captain named Shipley. It all ends with a long, wild gunfight as Cole and the outlaws go for the gold."] ["A stranger in town meets pretty young Susan Martinez De La Cruz and accompanies her to a barbecue, where wealthy Jason Carberry is saying a few words for the recently departed Robin Randall, a citizen who got shot. Jason objects to the stranger's presence, being Susan's guardian and protective of her. He challenges him to a shootout, but the stranger pulls his pistol before Jason's can even clear the holster. Calaveras Kate, a saloon singer who's in love with Jason, is relieved when the stranger declines to pull the trigger. Rafael Moreno suddenly rides into town and picks a fight with the stranger. Their brawl continues until the arrival of Judge Wallace Wintrop and his niece, Sheila, who have come to town from back East and deplore all this random violence out West. The stranger is recognized as Reb Randall, the dead man's brother. He is looking for the killer, who could be Rafael, or could be Jason, or could even be Billy Buckett, the coward of the county. The women hold their breath to see if the men they love will survive."] ["Set in the Old West, Peaceful Gulch is not so peaceful as Morgan  and his roughnecks have run the sheriff out of town. In attempt to bring normalcy back to their little town, some of the sheriff's posse concoct a scheme to trick Morgan and his hombres into thinking that there are three famous marshalls headed into town to bring back law and order. The Stooges, mistaken for the three famous marshalls, are asked to stop Morgan and his men from stealing money in an old house haunted by the ghost of a headless Indian Chief . The trio soon find that the Indian Chief is none other than one of Morgan's men. Shemp knocks out the headless henchman and dons the costume for himself. He soon runs into Moe and Larry who have been captured by Morgan. Still disguised, Shemp knocks out everyone in the room with his hatchet and the boys are heroes once again."] ["Nelson saves himself and Wilson from hanging. They acquire jobs at Linday's ranch and then foil horse thieves."] ['New Yorker Mitch Robbins  has just turned 39 years old, and is thick in the middle of a midlife crisis. His best friends are also having crises of their own. Phil Berquist ([[Daniel Stern  is stuck managing his father-in-law\'s grocery store, while trapped in a sexless marriage with his overbearing wife, Arlene. Ed Furillo  is a successful businessman and playboy, having recently married an underwear model, but is struggling with the idea of monogamous marriage and the pressure to have kids. Ed often invites his two best friends on his various adventures, which are not always appreciated by Mitch, as one year earlier he suffered a mortifying injury during a holiday in Pamplona, Spain during the running of the bulls. At Mitch\'s birthday party, Phil and Ed present their joint gift: a two-week Southwestern cattle drive for all three men. Mitch initially refuses, having promised to visit his wife Barbara\'s  parents in Florida. However, they are also visited by a young check-out girl from Phil\'s grocery store who inadvertently reveals an affair she has recently had with him. Heartbroken, Arlene informs her father and files for divorce, and Phil loses his job. After Barbara insists he go, Mitch and friends travel to New Mexico, where they meet ranch owner Clay Stone  and several other participants of the cattle drive. As they "learn the ropes" of moving a herd, the trio enter a tense encounter with the ranch\'s two professional cowboys, Jeff and T.R. , when they drunkenly proposition another participant, Bonnie Rayburn . The standoff is abruptly halted when Curly Washburn , the seasoned, tough-as-nails trail boss, lassos Jeff into a chokehold, and chastises both for being intoxicated on the job. Bonnie develops a crush on Mitch after this, but Mitch does not reciprocate. Curly, Jeff, T.R., and the ranch\'s guests begin the long drive to Colorado. Curly overhears Mitch insult him and later humiliates Mitch in retaliation. After a destructive stampede is Mitch\'s fault, as punishment Curly chooses a fearful Mitch to ride with him in the canyons to find some stray cows. They spend the night alone and slowly begin to bond. Mitch discovers that despite Curly\'s tough exterior, he is a very wise man. Curly advises him how to face his problems: by concentrating on the "one thing" that is most important in his life. The next morning, Curly and Mitch are forced to deliver a pregnant cow\'s calf, which Mitch names "Norman". After Curly is forced to euthanize its ailing mother by delivering a coup de grace, Mitch informally adopts the newborn. The drive runs into trouble when Curly unexpectedly suffers a fatal heart attack. As they proceed without him, Cookie the cook  gets drunk and breaks both his legs, requiring him to be taken to a hospital. Without Curly\'s presence, Jeff and T.R. become freely intoxicated, goading Mitch into challenging them. Ed intervenes and Phil soon disarms both, furiously ordering them to go to bed. Fearing reprisals from Clay Stone, Jeff and T.R. abandon the group in the wilderness, leaving them with no trail boss, food or map. The remaining participants decide to abandon the herd and seek civilization, except for Ed and Phil, who insist on driving the herd to Colorado despite Mitch\'s pleas. The others ride on ahead, but Mitch unexpectedly returns  to rejoin his fellow "city slickers" and finish the drive. The final test of the drive involves crossing a dangerous river. Despite a violent storm, the men successfully drive most of the herd across the river, except for Norman, who is caught up in the river\'s rapid current. Mitch impulsively chases after him, successfully lassoing the calf, but in turn gets caught in the rapids; seeing this, Phil and Ed race down the bank themselves and, working together, are able to save Mitch and Norman. As the men collapse on the river bank, they all have a long laugh, having at last overcome their respective crises. From there the three easily lead the herd back to the Colorado ranch, where they are warmly received by the other participants. Clay Stone, overwhelmed, rewards the entire group, and the trio in particular, for overcoming such adversity by fully refunding their fees. To their dismay, however, Stone has decided to sell the cows to a meat company for a fine price. Mitch returns to New York a happier man, having realized that his "one thing" is his family. Ed returns home to tell his newlywed wife he is fine with having children, and Phil starts a new relationship with Bonnie. Mitch has spared Norman from the slaughter by purchasing him and bringing the calf home as a pet, at least until he can find a "nice petting zoo".'] ["Ernest Albright  opens his eyeglass store in what he thinks is a thriving community, but soon discovers that his store is just a shabby shack in Tombstone, Arizona. The town's Doom Brothers are trouble for everybody including Wyatt Earp , the sheriff. Ernest uses his own special brand of short-sighted shooting to help Wyatt rid the town of its worst citizens and live in peace."] ['The story is set in the American Old West of the 1880s. Miss Flower Belle Lee  is a singer from Chicago who is on her way to visit relatives out west. While she is traveling on a stagecoach with three men and a woman named Mrs. Gideon , the town gossip and busybody, a masked bandit on horseback holds up the stage for its shipment of gold and orders the passengers to step out. The masked bandit immediately takes an interest in the saucy blonde. As he makes his getaway with the gold, he takes her with him. Upon reaching the town of Little Bend, the others report the robbery and kidnapping to the sheriff . Flower Belle then walks into town, unharmed, and explains, "I was in a tight spot but I managed to wriggle out of it." Later that evening, at the home of her Aunt Lou  and Uncle John , the masked bandit enters Flower Belle\'s second floor bedroom and they start kissing. However, his presence and departure is witnessed by Mrs. Gideon. She quickly reports what she has seen and Flower Belle angrily finds herself hauled up before the judge . Flower Belle is then run out of Little Bend. She boards a train to Greasewood City. It makes an unscheduled stop to pick up con-man Cuthbert J. Twillie . When hostile Indians attack, Flower Belle saunters to a window and mows them down with two pistols, while Twillie dodges flying arrows and fights off the Indians with a child\'s slingshot. Flower Belle has little use for Twillie until she sees a stash of money in his bag. Believing him to be rich, she then plays up to him and they get acquainted. They have an impromptu wedding, officiated over by a passenger, Amos Budge , a gambler who looks like a minister. As she has only pretended to marry Twillie for "respectability", Flower Belle gets a separate hotel room in Greasewood City. Meanwhile, Twillie is made sheriff by the saloon owner and town boss Jeff Badger , who has an ulterior motive. Flower Belle attracts the attention of Badger, newspaper editor Wayne Carter , and every other man in town. While keeping her troublesome "husband" out of reach and out of trouble, Flower Belle encounters the masked bandit again. One night, Twillie enters Flower Belle\'s room disguised as the masked bandit. He is accused of being the masked bandit, and is about to be hanged. With the noose around his neck, he makes his last request to the lynching party. "I\'d like to see Paris before I die. Philadelphia will do!" However, Flower Belle saves Twillie. At one point, she and Badger had kissed, and from that, she recognizes that he is the masked bandit. When Flower Belle and Twillie say good-bye, West and Fields spoof each other\'s signature line. "Come up and see me sometime", he says. "Mmm, I will, my little chickadee", she replies. As Flower Belle sashays up the stairs, "The End" is playfully overlaid on her posterior.'] ['{{plot}} Trinity  comes into view accompanied by the movie\'s song. His horse is dragging him around in a travois. He is filthy, yet seems perfectly content as the horse drags him across the desert and through water crossings. When the horse stops near a dwelling, Trinity gets up, pulls on his boots, gets stung by a scorpion hiding in the boot but is clearly insusceptible to the venom then he drags his Colt 45 in holster and walks inside. It is the Chaparral Stagecoach Station and restaurant. The owner, noting Trinity\'s wretched appearance, tells him he will sell him a plate of beans if he has money to pay, a fly infested misshapen slattern prepares the dish. Trinity takes the frying pan along with the plate, scraping the beans from the plate back into the pan and proceeds to eat from the pan with gusto, punctuated by occasional loud burping. The eating scenes are a frequent comic element of the movies in which the team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer appear. There are two white men in the restaurant with an injured Mexican prisoner. The two men are bounty hunters and are disappointed to see that Trinity\'s face does not appear in their batch of Wanted posters and proceed to disparage him for his sooty unkempt appearance. After Trinity has eaten every scrap in the pan, he gets up, strolls over to the men\'s table, and calmly relieves them of their prisoner. When they ask him his name so they\'ll know what to put on the headstone, he answers, "They call me Trinity." The resulting double-take foreshadows Trinity\'s notoriety. Trinity offers them a disarming grin when they refer to him as the "Right Hand of the Devil" and tell him that it\'s said he has "the fastest gun around." As he walks outside with their prisoner, the men stick their rifle through a window in preparation to shoot Trinity. But in one smooth movement from behind his back and apparently without aiming, Trinity drops both men in their tracks. It\'s a zen move showing his effortless, almost mystic skill with a gun. He casually gives the injured Mexican his spot on the travois as he perches himself backwards on the horse so the men can converse as they travel. Soon they reach a small town where an enormous man with a sheriff\'s star on his chest is seated outside his office, apparently trying to read a newspaper. He is being harassed by three local toughs standing in the street loudly demanding that he release their friend from jail. Trinity stops to watch the developing gunfight, predicting to the Mexican that the toughs will be "stiff before they hit the ground." When the enormous man quickdraws them with his left hand and outshoots them without blinking, the Mexican asks Trinity who the fast gun is and is told the enormous man is the "Left Hand of the Devil." It quickly becomes apparent that Trinity and the enormous man, an omnipotent bearded buffoon with squinty eyes—comically called Bambino , are brothers. Bambino  is merely posing as the sheriff of the small town while he awaits the arrival of his gang from the penitentiary from which he escaped. He is not happy to see his troublemaking brother. However, the two form a temporary partnership to deal with Major Harriman , who is attempting to run a group of pacifist Mormon farmers off their land with the intention of using their property to graze his own horses. The fact that these horses are valuable and unbranded explain Bambino\'s grudging willingness to work with his little brother even though he considers Trinity to be a shiftless bum without ambition. However, Trinity has fallen in love with two Mormon sisters and is genuinely concerned with the Mormon settlers\' welfare. He persuades Bambino and Bambino\'s henchmen to help train the pacifistic Mormons to fight, and in the final battle, the Mormon leader finds in the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible that "there is a time for fighting," and the Mormons are unleashed against Major Harriman\'s goons, using the dirty fighting tricks they learned. Bambino is flabbergasted and then infuriated to learn that Trinity has given the Major\'s horses to the Mormons. Trinity is about to be happily married to the two Mormon sisters when he learns to his horror that being a married Mormon means actually having to work. So he skips out and goes after Bambino. But his brother has had enough of him and sends him off in the opposite direction. Trinity gets the last laugh, though. He directs the real sheriff  in Bambino\'s direction. There are slight differences between the original Italian version and the dubbed English version. In the former, the injured Mexican has more dialogue explaining that he was arrested for knifing a gringo who tried to rape his wife.'] ["Jasper Bloodshy  runs the rough-and-tumble town of Bloodshy -- named after him because he founded it -- which lives in fear of Jasper's gunslinging son Wild Billy . Jasper has just found out he has another son named Eli , who lives in Philadelphia. It turns out that years ago, Jasper's crazy ways were too much for his bride from England, so she left -- leaving behind one twin -- and returned to England. With the help of his English butler Mansfield, he writes a new will that mentions Eli, then fakes his death by pretending to fall off a cliff in front of Bloodshy's corrupt mayor Ragsdale  and sheriff The Denver Kid , both of whom he has just told about his second son. We next meet Eli, who turns out to be the opposite of Wild Billy. Eli has been trained to live for the Lord. He works as a Salvation Army missionary in Philadelphia with orphans named Roxanne  and Marcus . One day, during a fight in which people are throwing vegetables at him and the children, Eli receives a telegram informing him about his father's death, a father he didn't know existed. He decides to accept the invitation to come to Bloodshy for his inheritance and take Marcus and Roxanne. Their stagecoach is held up by the Snead brothers, a group of outlaws that Ragsdale has sent to run off Eli. Unfortunately, nobody was told that Jasper's other son was a twin, so they mistake Eli for Wild Billy . The Sneads return to Bloodshy, but did cause the stagecoach to run off, leaving Eli, Marcus, and Roxanne stranded. On their way to Bloodshy , they meet a woman named Jenny  who is also headed for Bloodshy to start a school. They head for the town together. Mansfield brings the will to Sheriff Denver to deliver to Ragsdale. From there, it's learned that a contest is involved in the inheritance. Ragsdale sends Denver to find Billy and tell him that the fortune is his. The contest is a miles-long obstacle course known as the Bloody Bloodshy Trail that involves operating train engines, crossing a gorge using a rope, climbing a mountain, and driving a wagon."] ['Jesse W. Haywood graduates from dental school in Philadelphia in 1870 and goes west to become a frontier dentist. As a "city slicker", he finds himself bungling in a new environment. On his way west, the stagecoach is held up and robbed by two masked bandits. A posse catches one of them, Penelope "Bad Penny" Cushing. Facing prison, Penelope is offered a pardon if she will track down a ring of gun smugglers that also involves a local Indian tribe. She tricks Haywood into a sham marriage as a disguise. Haywood inadvertently becomes the legendary "Doc the Heywood" after he guns down "Arnold the Kid" and performs other exploits . There are a couple of scenes which parody similar scenes in The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance with John Wayne and James Stewart. The stage coach holdup scene is the first encounter that both city dudes have with the "wild west". In the gunfight scene, both "dudes" are about to be shot down in duels with trained gunfighters when they are saved by one of the good guys who shoots the villain from a hidden position which makes the shooting look like the underdog winning a legitimate gunfight.'] ["A young woman living in  Arapahoe County, Wyoming accidentally kills her very abusive husband. She is put on trial but acquitted. She then incurs the annoyance of her male neighbors by farming sheep instead of cattle and setting up a women's suffrage movement."] ['{{Anchor}} The setting is the American West, late 19th century. A gang of bank robbers led by Graham Dorsey  is off to rob a small-town bank, but Graham is having second thoughts: he\'s had a nightmare in which the gang was wiped out during the robbery attempt. Worse, Graham\'s horse broke down and the gang members have to get another. They try at the ranch of the widow Amanda Starbuck . Amanda, suspicious of the men, denies having a horse. Graham checks out the barn and finds a horse, but still afraid of disaster, he lies to his men and agrees to wait three hours at the ranch for their return . It turns out he has another reason for wanting to stay behind though: he wants to force himself on Mrs. Starbuck. Amanda resists rather inventively; simply lies still, fully clothed. This frustrates Graham, who decides on a ruse. He pretends he is impotent, hoping to play on Amanda\'s sympathy. The deception works, and they make love three times. As time passes, Graham and Amanda have a long, thoughtful discussion talking of their past lives, as well as their hopes and ambitions . They even dance to Amanda\'s music box , with Graham wearing Mr. Starbuck\'s old tuxedo. A neighbor boy stops by to tell Amanda about an attempted bank robbery. The bank robbers from Graham\'s gang were caught and were going to be hanged in town that afternoon. She thinks Graham should ride out and help them. Graham thinks this is a way for him to be able to stay with her and get away from the gang. After much coercing he decides to play along and rides out, intending only to have a long nap. But this is shattered when the posse rides into sight, spotting Graham and giving chase. Graham eludes them when he comes upon a traveling dentist, exchanges clothes with him at gunpoint, and steals his horse and wagon. The unfortunate Dr. Finger is taken for Graham and shot dead. The posse, recognizing Mr Starbuck\'s horse and tux, bring the body back to the Starbuck ranch. Amanda, seeing what she thinks is Graham\'s body  faints. But Graham does not get away clean: it turns out Dr. Finger was a quack, and the first person Graham encounters after his escape was one of Dr. Finger\'s dissatisfied customers. He is put into prison on a year-long sentence for Dr. Finger\'s crimes. At first Amanda is ostracized by the townspeople. But an impassioned speech proclaiming her true love for him does a remarkable trick: the townspeople not only forgive her, they see a remarkable story in that of Graham and Amanda. This story forms the basis of a legend, one that spawns a popular book , dime novels, a stage play, and even a popular song. The legend of Graham and Amanda becomes bigger than the reality of the two, and with her book a worldwide best seller it makes Amanda a wealthy woman. Graham, who reads the book while in prison, is amused by the distortions. Graham is described as being 6\'3" , Southern, and very handsome; he is, in fact, none of these. After serving his time he is eager to renew his relationship with Amanda. A disguised Graham takes one of Amanda\'s guided tours of her ranch, and stays behind, intending to reveal himself. When he does so, Amanda does not recognize him and becomes frightened. It is only when Graham shows her "something that\'s not in the book" that Amanda believes him.  But instead of joy, Amanda is confused and worried. If word got out that Graham was alive, the legend of Graham and Amanda would be done for. Even Graham\'s suggestion that he live with her incognito is no good; after all, if Amanda were to live with another man, the legend would still be destroyed. The encounter ends up with Amanda pointing a gun at Graham... but at the last second she decides to shoot herself. Graham is heartbroken. Not only has he lost Amanda, the secret of his real identity is lost for good. He tries to forget what has happened, but there are reminders everywhere. He hears "their song" at a local saloon, and walks in on a stage production of From Noon Till Three. Worse, people he knew slightly laugh when he says he is Graham, since he looks nothing like his description in the book. At the end he is arrested and put in an insane asylum, where he meets the only people who believe him: his fellow inmates. He seems relieved.'] ['Jack McKee and Cecil Colson are a couple of young, restless rustlers. Jack has turned his back on his wealthy family and his wife. Cecil is a Native American who is a sharpshooter with a long-range rifle. Together, more out of boredom than anything else, they have begun rustling cattle, cutting them up with a chainsaw and paying bills with fresh meat in lieu of cash. Equally bored are wealthy Montana rancher John Brown and his wife, Cora. They once ran a beauty parlor in Schnectady, New York, but now they have bought up most of the land in this corner of Montana. Cora is so bored that she tries to catch the eye of her husband\'s dim ranch hands, Burt and Curt but she can\'t seem to work up much interest on their part. The rustling of his livestock lights a fire under Brown, who sends Burt and Curt up in a helicopter to try to catch the thieves in the act. Jack and Cecil continue to single out Brown\'s cattle, even kidnapping his $50,000 prize bull, Basehart of Bozeman, for ransom. Brown decides to call upon Henry Beige, said to be the scourge of rustlers everywhere. A legendary stock detective who once served time on a prison farm for rustling, Beige turns out to be a feeble old fool who doesn\'t seem to be interested in anything except watching TV and being waited on hand and foot by his niece, Laura, who is almost sickeningly sweet. Jack and Cecil are feeling cocky, so much so that when Burt and Curt figure out that they must be the rustlers, Jack and Cecil bribe them into a scheme to steal a semi-truck full of John Brown\'s cattle. Curt, however, has fallen head over heels in love with the luscious Laura, even though she still mistakenly calls him Burt. She is nowhere near as innocent as she seems, as she proves in a sexual encounter in the woods. Burt intends to use his rustling profits to take an expensive vacation in Mexico, but Curt has chosen to propose marriage to Laura. Henry Beige\'s ineptitude and uninterest in identifying the rustlers is infuriating to Brown, who angrily fires him. A distressed Laura explains to Curt that she needs to take care of her uncle and therefore will be leaving with him, unable to marry Curt. Curt decides to help Henry catch the rustlers instead. Henry proceeds to do exactly that, making a show of it before the town\'s citizens. Burt and Curt are also arrested, Curt coming to realize that Laura\'s sweetness and love for him was all an act. Henry Beige comes to Brown to say goodbye, nonchalantly accepting his payment because he says he\'s in it now simply for the sport. Brown can see now that Henry is shrewd, not doddering at all, and Laura is a sexy, all-business woman, not innocent in any way. Jack and Cecil end up sent to the Montana State Prison Ranch at Deer Lodge, presumably the same prison where Henry Beige served time in his youth. They spend their days on horseback, seemingly no more or less bored than they had been before. The final scene shows the two rustlers riding under a sign reading "Rancho Deluxe".'] ['Quick Gun Murugun is an unlikely superhero (played by Telugu star Dr. [[Rajendra Prasad  a South Indian Tamil cowboy whose duty is to protect the world against arch villain restaurant owner, Rice Plate Reddy , who wants to create the ultimate non-vegetarian dosa! The movie revolves around adventures of Quick Gun Murugun along with his love to-be Mango Dolly (played by [[Rambha  and Locket Lover . Murugan is a typical vegetarian cowboy who made himself into Quick Gun Murugan. The cowboy has to do something good for the world so he believes that vegetarianism is the need of the hour. Quick Gun Murugun enters into a battle that spans time and space, from a small south Indian village to Heaven and then finally to cosmopolitan Mumbai across 25 years. He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the test. Mango Dolly gets hit by a bullet and while dying, she expresses her love to Murugun. Realising that he too loves Mango Dolly, he tells her that he loves her and she can "stay with him". Finally, Quick Gun Murugun is able to succeed in his mission by defeating Rice Plate Reddy.'] ['A young Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid are wannabe outlaws who find that breaking the law is not as easy as it seems.'] ['In 1870 Galveston, Texas, a shipment of $100,000 being transported by stagecoach is the object of a tug-of-war between Zack Thomas  and Joe Jarrett , who first must stave off an outlaw band led by Matson . Thomas and Jarrett become rivals in a bid to open a waterfront casino. Each has a new romantic attachment as well, with the beauties Elya  and Maxine , respectively. They eventually must join forces to hold off the villainous Matson and a corrupt banker, Burden , to keep their new gambling boat afloat. The role of Elya was originally intended for Sophia Loren who had already worked with Sinatra in The Pride and the Passion. Although she was offered $1,000,000 for four weeks of work, Loren turned the part down.{{fact}}'] 