['In the mid 1980s Belgrade finally gets its first serial killer: an awkward carnations seller named Pera Mitić . Mitić is an overweight 48-year-old man who is in an Oedipus kind of way connected to his aging mother. His mother often punishes him when he does not sell any of the carnation flowers. His punishments include kneeling on nutshells while being slapped by his mother or being locked in the water tank. This is the reason why he starts killing every girl who refuses to buy his flowers. Mitić\'s character can be compared to Norman Bates\'s character and relationship with his mother. After the first murder, mostly incompetent inspector Ognjen Strahinjić ([[Nikola Simić  starts the investigation. His attempt to catch the strangler by employing an undercover agent, Rodoljub Jovanović , ends up tragically. Strahinjić is a loner who lives only with his cat George, who is his best friend. He is a short man, with a thin mustache and is similar to Inspector Clouseau from the Blake Edwards\'s The Pink Panther series. The plot gets even more complicated when a rock star Spiridon Kopicl  obsessed with the strangler records the song "Bejbi, bejbi" , with his band VIS Simboli, dedicated to the strangler which immediately became nationwide hit. Mitić, having heard the song, becomes delighted; he even strangled his own mother in order to hear it on the TV. While Mitić\'s number of victims becomes bigger, Kopicl is focused on Sofija  who is a host of a popular musical show on the radio. While attempting to strangle Sofija, Mitić gets on his way and while attacking her gets his ear bitten by Sofija in self defence. Kopicl gets the credit of a savior and a hero and gets married to Sofija. On their honey moon, in the climax of his obsession, Kopicl strangles Sofija while Mitić, dressed as his mother, is watching the whole thing. Mitić then enters the room and asks for his ear. Kopicl runs to an abandoned building where, after a struggle, hangs Mitić who bit his ear. In the end all of the crimes, including Sofija\'s death, are credited to the late Mitić. Kopicl, while getting his ear bitten hears a melody on which he composed a symphony inspired with crime and, after the death of his father, gets married to his attractive stepmother.'] ["Seven years after the events of Henry Fool, Fay Grim  is coerced by a CIA agent  to try to locate 'the confession novel' notebooks that belonged to her fugitive husband  whom he believes to be deceased. Fay is launched into a world of espionage as she travels to Paris to retrieve some of the journals, each having mysteriously appeared in the hands of the most unlikely of people. Simon Grim, Fay's brother and nobel-prize winning poet because of Henry, remains home with his sister's son, the CIA and his publisher. Even in death it seems Henry is a force of nature causing life changing ructions in the lives of those he has touched. Fay is surrounded by competing agents all vying for her help in retrieving notebooks as she and Simon start getting clues to what the publishable nonsense of The Confession is really all about and why the CIA believe they contain information that could compromise U.S. security. A former air-hostess befriends Fay and reveals she was similarly touched by Henry 's chaotic influence and aid her in her efforts. Fay's whirlwind culminates in a meeting with a notorious terrorist and friend of Henry in a tense meeting where she has to make the biggest decision of her life."] ['Nick and Nora\'s visit Nick\'s parents in Nick\'s hometown of Sycamore Springs. The residents are convinced that Nick is in town on an investigation, despite Nick\'s repeated denials. However, when aircraft factory employee Peter Berton seeks out Nick and is shot dead before he can reveal anything, Nick is on the case. An old childhood friend, Dr. Bruce Clayworth, performs the autopsy and extracts a pistol bullet. Then, when Nick searches Berton\'s room for clues, he is knocked unconscious by Crazy Mary, a local eccentric. Nora\'s innocent purchase of an old painting for Nick\'s birthday present turns out to be the key to the mystery. When she shows it to her husband, it brings back unpleasant memories for him, so she donates it to a charity bazaar. When Edgar Draque offers Nora a large sum for the painting, Nick wonders why it is so valuable. Nick learns that Draque\'s wife Helena bought the artwork, but she is knocked out and the painting goes missing. Nick discovers that Crazy Mary is Berton\'s mother and goes to see her, only to come across her lifeless body. Nick and Nora\'s dog Asta finds the painting in her shack. Nick puts the pieces together and has the police bring all the suspects to his father\'s house.  Using Dr. Charles\'s fluoroscope, Nick shows that there is a blueprint hidden underneath the paint. Several people identify it as part of the specifications for a new aircraft propeller worth a great deal to a "foreign power". Berton had copied the blueprints and smuggled them out in five paintings. He had a change of heart and was going to confess all to Nick, but was killed before he could. Nick has a souvenir World War II Japanese sniper rifle belonging to Dr. Clayworth\'s brother brought in, and claims it was the murder weapon. Then, after proving that the Draques are members of the crime ring, Nick reveals the identity of the leader of the gang: Dr. Bruce Clayworth. Clayworth\'s first slip was the bullet he showed Nick. Nick knew a pistol did not have the power to propel a bullet as far into Berton\'s body as the real one had. Clayworth grabs the rifle and, after confessing , tries to shoot his nemesis, only to find that Nick had taken the precaution of having the firing pin removed. Nick\'s father is very impressed.'] ['Trixie Zurbo is an eccentric woman who longs to quit her job as a security guard in a department store and become a private detective. She finally gets her wish when she takes a job in security at a casino. She accidentally becomes involved in a murderous plot and Trixie takes her first case; however, her unschooled command of the English language and comedy intervenes and the mess begins.'] ["Lucía, a children's book writer, is travelling to Brazil with her husband on vacation, when her husband disappears after going to the airport bathroom. She later learns that he was kidnapped by a group called the People Workers Party that wants 20 million pesos from her. Her husband frantically tells her to find the money in his aunt's safety deposit box. With the help of her neighbours, a Spanish Civil War veteran, and a young musician, Lucía sets out to find his kidnappers. She eventually discovers the truth about his disappearance after learning from the police that her husband is accused of being part of an elaborate embezzlement scam from within the Treasury Department of the government and may have possibly faked his kidnapping."] ['On New Year\'s Eve, Manhattan socialite Alison Hawkins returns home from the evening\'s festivities. As she feeds her fish before going to bed, she is strangled to death by an undetected intruder with a blue ribbon. It is the latest murder by a serial killer who has been terrorizing New York for 11 months. New York Mayor Flynn is frustrated with the lack of progress in tracking down the killer, and tells NYPD commissioner Frank Starkey to "get [his] brother, and get him now," as they both know Nick is the only man brilliant enough to catch this killer. This is a controversial assignment for Frank, as two years ago, Nick was disgraced in a scandal, and expelled from the force. Frank goes to the scene of a raging fire to find Nick, who has become a firefighter. Frank talks Nick into returning, but only on the condition that he be able to cook dinner the next night for Frank\'s wife, Christine, who is Nick\'s ex-girlfriend. After a press conference announcing Nick\'s reinstatement, Christine and Nick have dinner. Old wounds are opened, including mention of a canceled check that had been evidence that Frank was involved in the scandal that got Nick fired. Police Captain Alcoa is not happy with Nick\'s return, having despised his attitude but respected his abilities as a detective, but has to go along with the mayor\'s demand that he give Nick anything he needs to solve the case. After reporting for work, Nick takes a different office than the one he was assigned because the light was not to the liking of his painter friend, Ed. After getting Alcoa to add Ed to the payroll as his assistant, Nick begins work on the case. His first lead is to speak to the mayor\'s daughter, Bernadette, who was a friend of Alison Hawkins. After Nick and Bernadette visit Alison\'s apartment, Nick decides to let Bernadette stay at his apartment, because she is too frightened to return to her own. Nick realizes that all of the 11 previous murders occurred on dates that are prime numbers, all of which are among the 12 prime numbers possible up to the number 31. Because 5 is the only one of the 12 prime numbers that has not been used, he knows that the next murder will take place the next night, the fifth of the month. Nick appears to have been proven wrong when a woman is strangled one day ahead of Nick\'s prediction, after which the killer leaps out the window to his death. Nick believes that this is a copycat killing, especially when he learns that the man broke a window, as opposed to picking a lock to gain entrance as in the other murders. To Frank and Flynn, however, it is a closed case, and they are content to be done with Nick. Nick and Ed figure out that the position of the victims\' buildings, when seen on a map of Manhattan, forms the constellation Virgo. They also realize that the all the rooms in which the murders took place have windows on the front of the building, and that when the exterior positions of the windows are lined up together according to which floor they are on, they correlate to 11 notes in the chorus of the song "Calendar Girl". This enables them to identify where "The January Man" will next strike. Nick sets a trap with Bernadette as bait, outfitting her with a neck guard to prevent the killer from strangling her. The trio stake out the room in a supply closet and witness the killer picking the lock to get into the apartment. They intercept the apartment\'s resident and send Bernadette in, where she is attacked. Nick breaks in and, after a prolonged struggle with the killer, subdues him.'] ["Two Harlem detectives are assigned by the NYPD to recover $87,000 of poor black families life savings, which have been stolen in a Back to Africa swindle; the money is concealed in a bale of cotton, which keeps changing hands. The detectives, Gravedigger Jones  and Coffin Ed Johnson , are two black cops with a reputation for breaking the odd head. Both are annoyed at the success of the charismatic black nationalist leader Reverend Deke O'Malley  who is selling trips back to Africa to the poor on the installment plan. When O'Malley's truck is hijacked at a barbecue and a bale of cotton stuffed with money is lost in the chase, Harlem is turned upside down by Gravedigger and Coffin Ed, the Reverend, and the hijackers."] ['Three college students, Toby, Casey, and Jude, start up a bookie business taking bets from various clients. Their business immediately booms, arousing suspicion among local campus authorities and Toby\'s girlfriend, Hunter. They subsequently are able to purchase many expensive items such as big screen televisions and new computers to help them manage their complex business. When their business takes off, Jude receives threats from two local Italian bookies to back down because their territories for the business overlap. When a plan by Jude fails to materialize when betting on the college\'s team to win the game, Toby devises a way to eliminate the threat from the other bookies and get them out of the business. Jude makes a bet with the two Italian bookies, letting them choose whatever game and winner they want, which ends up being a boxing match. Knowing the game would be fixed, Jude and the others liquidate all of their assets and bet all of their earnings on the boxing match. The underdog on which they placed the bet won. Some money went to pay off the Italian bookies, while the remaining spoils were divided amongst the three. Jude drops out of school and Toby says that "he wasn\'t first genius to flunk out of college." Casey changes his major, gets new friends, makes the dean\'s list, and doesn\'t see Toby much. Toby continues at college and uses his money to get through grad school. He plays Hunter in a foosball match to win another chance with her after having lost her love through the ordeal.'] ['Gator McKlusky  has been just released from prison following the events of White Lightning and is living in the Okefenokee Swamp with his father and daughter. Federal agents know that he is still making moonshine with his father  and Suzie  and use this information to coerce him into assisting them to catch a corrupt politician.'] ['Professional assassin Martin Q. Blank  finds himself depressed, irritable and dissatisfied with his work. A major irritant is his chief rival Grocer , whose effort to cartelize the hitman business puts him at potentially lethal odds with the solitary Martin. Following a botched contract, Martin receives an invitation to his class of \'86 10-year high school reunion in his home town of Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Initially reluctant to attend, he is pressured into it by both his therapist   and his secretary  . She books him a contract in Michigan that coincides with the reunion, ostensibly to smooth things over with the client whose contract was botched. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe, Martin seeks out Debi Newberry , now a radio DJ, whom Martin had abandoned on prom night to enlist in the Army. While Debi\'s visit suggests hope for redemption, Martin\'s depression is only deepened by visits to his demented mother, his alcoholic father\'s grave, and the site of his childhood home where a convenience store now stands. Reconnecting with friends like Paul   is likewise depressing, as many have seemingly become well adjusted adults with normal jobs. When asked about his own livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by fellow hitmen Grocer and Felix LaPoubelle , a Basque former terrorist who is hired to kill Martin as revenge for one of his past jobs, and attempts to do so in the convenience store that stands in place of his childhood home. He is also clumsily tailed by two National Security Agency agents  who were tipped off to Martin\'s contract by Grocer. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends with Debi and fails to open the background dossier on his prospective target. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin then experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. Moments later, while exploring the halls, Martin is attacked by LaPoubelle, whom he kills in self-defense. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking about his work after all, flees the reunion. Paul arrives only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPoubelle\'s body in the school furnace. Realizing that his friend was not joking about his profession, Paul walks away from Martin in disgust after they dispose of LaPoubelle. Later Debi confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed he was suited to work as a hitman for the CIA; after leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe. He is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry , Debi\'s father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin\'s client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself to impress Martin\'s client. Either out of love for Debi, or a new-found respect for life, Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During the siege, Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the team of mercenaries. During a tense standoff between Blank and Grocer, the NSA agents enter the fight, where they are gunned down by Grocer and Martin. By this point, Blank has run out of ammunition, and when Grocer tries to trick Blank by "selling" him a weapon for $100,000, Blank surprises him by smashing a TV over his head and killing him. Wounded and exhausted, Blank then proposes marriage to Debi. Debi, shell-shocked from the day\'s events, does not respond, although her father readily gives his blessing. The film ends with Debi and Martin speeding out of Grosse Pointe together.'] ["Despite the English title, in truth there are two French Detectives, based in Rouen. Verjeat is an aging, been-around gumshoe, while Lefevre is his young, callow and cynical associate. The two detectives don't like each other much at first, but this will change. Their current assignment is getting the goods on a corrupt politician. During an election, a fight between the supporters of two of the candidates. In the melee political thugs murder an opponent's volunteer and also kill a cop. The officer has time to warn his colleagues that the killer is Portor, a well-known thug whose brother is campaigning on behalf of law and order candidate Lardatte. Chief inspector Verjeat believes the politician who hired the thugs is as guilty as the murderous goon. His pursuit of Portor is hampered by Lardatte, for whom he has a personal dislike and misses no opportunity to humiliate. Verjeat's pursuit of Lardatte gets him a warning from his superiors. When he embarrasses Lardatte while disarming a hostage , Verjeat is told he's being promoted and transferred within a week to a posting outside of Rouen. This will take him off the case. As a result he then finds himself with a very short time to capture Portor. Verjeat is sure that his upcoming transfer is courtesy of Lardatte and his police contacts. He speeds up his hunt for the goon and, with Lefévre, he engineers a complicated scheme to buy more time before the transfer."] ["{{Plot}} Nathalie's considerably older husband George  is a stern and prominent judge whose only weak spot is Nathalie herself. The two are happily married and enjoying their beach vacation. Their nearest neighbor, Lance  is attractive, lively and has a childhood history with Nathalie. To Nathalie's dismay and chagrin, George ventures on an overnight fishing trip with Lance to clear the air between them. Nathalie's initial reluctance is due to her fear of being left to her own devices, . Anxious and longing for her husband, she receives an unexpected visit from an old lover named Kent . Seizing her chance for company that night, she welcomes him inside and the two reminisce on old times. Kent reveals that his girlfriend recently left him because of his drinking problem; it is revealed that he has a medical condition which is worsened by alcohol. While Nathalie is in the bathroom, Kent takes it upon himself to grab a bottle of liquor from her husband George’s supply. The two whimsically frolic all night and the scene ends with them exhausted by the night’s activities. Come morning, Nathalie discovers Kent dead, apparently from alcohol poisoning. Panicked and terrified, Nathalie quickly stores Kent’s naked lifeless body in a food cellar under the floorboard. When George returns from his fishing trip, she tries her best to conceal the night’s events and act normal. As the two talk, George notices the loose floorboard that is situated under the dining table. This is where the food cellar is located and Kent’s head is making the floorboard protrude outward. George stomps on the floorboard and corrects the problem. As Nathalie’s panic grows more desperate, George finds flowers and chocolate that Kent gave to Nathalie that night. Questioning her, Nathalie admits to Kent being present in the house the night of his fishing trip. When she reveals his location, George believing him to be still alive, taunts him. When Nathalie reveals that he is dead, George comes to understand the true desperation of the situation. Taking his body to the nearby tool shed they debate at what course of action to take. The situation is further complicated because Kent’s clothes are missing and his neck was broken by George stomping on the cellar door. George being a prominent judge and Nathalie  having a history of early legal trouble for a pill addiction leaves them little legal option but to dispose of the body themselves. Although Nathalie still insists that the authorities should be notified and the situation explained, George insists that it is not possible. The two decide to dispose of his body in the ocean with him being tied down with an old stove. As the two are carrying it to the house, Lance inadvertently shows up and foils their plan and the two are forced to rethink their original strategy. Nathalie and George return home and get into a heated argument. Nathalie expresses her disdain over George’s annoying ability to strangely store items in unconventional places, such as storing sausages in a cigar box. When George questions how Kent could have possibly died, Nathalie mentions his “weak heart” and the fact that he was drinking from George’s personal liquor supply. George reveals that “the blue liquor bottle” which Kent drank was in actuality not  alcohol but methanol  which is poisonous. Kent’s heart problems along with the disguised powerful liquid drug led to his death. As the two leave each other in frustration over not having disposed of the body, Nathalie goes out for a swim. Coming back from her swim Nathalie notices Kent’s white linen suit resting on the porch of Lance’s house. Seeing her opportunity to do the right thing, she insists for the suit to which Lance happily agrees. Believing her troubles are over, Nathalie goes in search of George to reveal the good news to therefore dress Kent and explain their situation to the police. Nathalie spots George on the veranda. She sees blood embedded in the newly constructed concrete steps. It is revealed that George cut Kent’s body into pieces and mixed them in with the concrete steps. Horrified, Nathalie runs but is quickly captured by George. Having taken her back to the house and tied her up and gagged her so she can’t escape George goes out to finish the rest of the work. Nathalie manages to free herself only to take refuge with Lance. She explains the situation and is relieved by Lance’s calm demeanor and support. The two are noticeably smitten by each other and it can be seen that Lance never really stopped loving Nathalie all those years. As Nathalie is in the house she notices a postcard intended for her. Lance says he meant to give it to her but forgot and insists he hasn’t read it. The postcard was in fact the very same one of which Kent spoke of foretelling his visit. Nathalie quickly concludes that Lance knew Kent was coming all along and spiked George’s liquor supply in order to kill him. Horrified, she runs to George believing him to be an innocent victim in Lance’s murder plot. Lance insisting upon his innocence follows Nathalie outside to the beach. Shockingly, as Lance and Nathalie are confronted by George, the situation ends in a shootout in which George shoots Lance. Nathalie runs but is captured by George soon thereafter. George has been drinking heavily and is completely disoriented but manages to take Nathalie to the veranda and cement her legs shut in a metal crate. Finally revealing that he was in actuality behind the whole ordeal, George explains that he knew Kent was coming that night from Kent’s postcard he purposefully placed in Lance’s mailbox to frame Lance and keep Nathalie from knowing about Kent’s visit. He spiked the liquor before the trip, knowing Kent would drink it and die. Afterwards, George starts to have trouble walking and says that he can't see. Nathalie realizes that George had unknowingly drank the spiked liquor, that Lance had borrowed it earlier and that Kent really did die of a heart attack. George then falls off the high rise veranda and is killed when the top of it falls down and pierces his body straight through. As a domino effect, Nathalie is thrown into the water but is unable to surface due to her cemented legs in the metal crate. Luckily, there is a local beach patrol boat nearby and Nathalie is rescued. The scene ends with Nathalie in her own boat telling the beach patrolman her story from the very beginning. The patrolman being behind her, asks for a beverage and Nathalie tells him to check in the cooler under the seat. Unbeknownst to Nathalie, George had spiked a water bottle previously with Nathalie's medication and put it in the cooler which the patrolman is about to drink."] ['Lucy  is a frustrated magician, specifically an escape artist, who is obsessed with becoming a modern female version of Harry Houdini. She collects Houdini artifacts and waits for her big break while working as a waitress at a trendy Manhattan restaurant. With British bartender, Monte , and her roommate Vivian, she arranges a heist of the restaurant. Monte is also determined to get Lucy to marry him, under the pretense that he needs his green card.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with Kleinman  being awakened from a deep sleep by a vigilante mob. They claim to be looking for "the strangler", a serial killer who strangles his victims. They tell him to get dressed and meet them downstairs in five minutes. In a flurry, he gets dressed. Before he goes down, his landlady who wants to marry him gives him a small paper bag with pepper in it. "If The Strangler attacks you, blow some of this in his eyes!" Meanwhile, in a circus on the outskirts of town, Irmy  and her boyfriend Paul  are having a dispute. They both are performers at a circus: Irmy swallows swords and Paul is a clown. Irmy wants a baby, but Paul says that "a family is death to an artist." He then goes out and over to another tent where Marie, a tightrope artist  waits for him. They begin to have sex, but Irmy catches them. She then packs a suitcase and runs away to the city where Kleinman is living. In the foreboding streets she meets a prostitute  who brings her to a house of ill repute, where she is comforted by other prostitutes . Then, a student named Jack  comes into the whorehouse and is immediately bewitched by Irmy; he assumes she is employed there, and insists on having sex with her, paying $700. They go into the back room. On the street, Kleinman walks aimlessly around the city, not knowing what to do. He stops at a coroner\'s house, where the doctor  explains that his role in the hunt is purely scientific. He goes into detail about how he will enjoy opening the killer\'s chest and head, and being able to understand how his mind works. Kleinman drinks a glass of sherry to calm himself down and leaves. Soon after, the doctor realizes the Strangler has entered the house. They calmly speak, then he murders the doctor. Kleinman seeing a local famiily being evicted as \'undesirables\' goes to the police station to try to persuade the Chief of Police to stop the eviction. Whilst there a police officer arrives with news of the coroner\'s death and saying that there is a clue - a glass with fingerprints on it. Kleinman panics realising that his fingerprints are on the glass. Irmy is there as well, because she has been taken to the police station when the police raided the whorehouse. Insisting she is a whore and needs a license, they fine her $50 of the $700 she has, and they allow her to leave. Irmy protests her innocence and the confusion Kleinman is able to steal the glass which has his fingerprints on it. Kleinman leaves and startled by Irmy engages her in conversation and they walk into the night together. A vigilante shows Kleinman an alley where they think the killer might be. He is told to trap the person. Irmy and Kleinman enter the alley warily, and they jump the person. It turns out to be Kleinman\'s boss Mr. Paulsen, peeping in a window at a lady. Mr. Paulsen was considering promoting him, but now his mind is changed. Kleinman is accused of incompetence by him and by the vigilante. Ashamed, Kleinman and Irmy move on into the night. Paul arrives in the city, looking for Irmy. He goes into a bar, where Jack, the student who had sex with Irmy, is having a drink. The student reflects on the wonderful experience he had with "a sword-swallower". Paul is shocked, although Jack does not know why. Back on the street, Irmy tells Kleinman that she doesn\'t want the money and asks him to give the $650 to charity in a church. He does, finding two men compiling a list of names. When he gives them the money, they gratefully erase his name from the list. Outside, at the steps of the church, they see a starving mother with a child, and the two run away from parent and child. After some thought, Irmy decides she wants to give half of the money to the woman and asks Kleinman to go back to the church to get it back. Reluctantly, he returns and asks for half the money, the two men not only reinstate his name to the list, but they circle it for good measure! Kleinman exits the church, and they both leave in haste. Kleinman tries to get Irmy a place to stay by asking his fiancée, but she doesn\'t let them in. At a pier, they look out at the night, and the feeling is very romantic, until the vigilante mob ambushes them. It turns out that everyone has a "plan". Then, Spiro the Clairvoyant, a man who smells people like a psychic bloodhound, starts to sniff Kleinman. He says that Kleinman "has something in his pocket," and the sherry glass is revealed. Angry, and believing he is the killer, the mob prepares to lynch him. Kleinman blows pepper in their faces and escapes. He tries to find a safe haven in the house of his first ex-fiancée, Alma , whom he left standing at the altar while he had a dalliance with her sister. He apologizes, but she throws him out, saying, "Get out and die!" Meanwhile, Irmy and Paul meet and at first Paul is ready to kill Irmy for sleeping with another man, but they are interrupted when they find a baby on the ground, the same one that she and Kleinman had seen earlier with the starving woman. They decide to keep the child, and leave the city, back to the circus. Ahead of the mob, Kleinman arrives at the whorehouse where he meets and has an existential conversation with Jack. When he is unable to express his views, a whore  coaxes him into a back room where he fails to perform, blaming existential angst. The mob arrives, asking after Kleinman. He escapes via the roof where he meets and is taunted by his rival for promotion at work who reveals Irmy has gone back to the circus. Kleinman follows her there. At the circus Kleinman meets the magician Armstead , whom he greatly admires. Then, the Strangler arrives, and is about to kill both of them when the magician mesmerizes him with a mirror trick, and chains him up, but while they are congratulating each other, somehow the Strangler escapes. The angry mob arrives on the scene, and, thwarted, gives up for the night. The movie ends with Kleinman accepting Armstead\'s invitation to become his assistant, and Irmy and Paul continuing their careers as circus performers, while raising their newfound child. As Armstead and Kleinman prepare to leave, the magician sums it all up by saying, "They need illusions like they need the air." And with a gesture, the two disappear in a mirror and a puff of smoke.'] ["Judith Singer is a former Newsday reporter who misses her old life, now that her husband Bob spends most of his time at work and her time at home on Long Island has become a bore. When her dentist, Dr. Bruce Fleckstein, is found murdered, Judith sees the possibility of a story that she might be able to sell to the newspaper's editor, maybe even get her old job back. Judith might have been the last person to see Fleckstein alive, which makes detective David Suarez consider her both a possible witness and a suspect. Fleckstein was a lecher and a louse. Decked out in gold jewelry, he cheated on his wife Phyllis and preyed on his patients. Not only did Fleckstein have affairs in motels, he took compromising Polaroids of many women while they were asleep in his dentist chair. Who killed him? It could have been sculptor Nancy Miller, or perhaps Judith's next-door neighbor Peg Tuccio, or any number of possibilities. Suarez is determined to solve the case before amateur detective Judith beats him to it."] ["In the third and final episode of the trilogy, Fantômas imposes a head tax on the rich, threatening to kill those who do not comply. Journalist Fandor and commissaire Juve are invited to Scotland by Lord McRashley . Lord McRashley, one of Fantômas' potential victims, uses his castle as the headquarters to set up a trap for the menace called Fantômas."] ['During the film\'s opening credits, two bookies are separately ambushed and murdered by their unseen killers, and, elsewhere, a young black man is killed by a sniper. In a bus terminal, a young man is approached by Goodkat , who tells the story of Max and the Kansas City Shuffle: two decades earlier, Max bet money he couldn\'t pay on a horse race fixed by the mob, only for the mob to kill the horse mid race, as well as everyone involved when they discovered information on the fix was leaked; to set an example, they killed Max, as well as his wife and young son Henry. Goodkat concludes that a "Kansas City Shuffle" is a misleading double bluff, and does so to trick and kill the young man, before loading his body into a truck. In New York City, Slevin Kelevra  is staying in his friend Nick Fisher\'s apartment and, upon being visited by Nick\'s neighbor Lindsey , discusses Nick\'s disappearance and why his apartment was unlocked. Lindsey suggests that Nick may be missing and, after she leaves, Slevin is kidnapped by two black henchmen, who take him to "The Boss" . Mistaking Slevin for Nick, The Boss orders him to repay a large gambling debt or kill the son of his rival, "The Rabbi" ; The Boss believes The Rabbi is responsible for assassinating his son , and wants The Rabbi\'s homosexual son, Yitzchok "The Fairy", to be killed in revenge. Slevin then returns to the apartment, but is kidnapped again by two Jewish henchmen working for The Rabbi. The Rabbi also mistakes Slevin for Nick, and also demands he repay a large gambling debt. Slevin returns to The Boss and agrees to kill The Fairy; concurrently with Slevin visiting the mob bosses, it becomes apparent Goodkat is involved in both sides, is responsible for Nick\'s debts being called in, and that he plans to kill Slevin after The Fairy dies . Slevin and Lindsey go out to dinner, where Slevin arranges a date with The Fairy. Slevin is approached by Detective Brikowski , who is investigating The Boss and The Rabbi; the detective hassles him again later, but Slevin only reveals his surname, "Kelevra". Slevin arrives at The Fairy\'s apartment and fatally shoots him, only for Goodkat to appear; rather than shoot Slevin, however, he finishes The Fairy, who pulls out a gun, revealing Slevin and Goodkat are affiliated. Slevin then brings the bus terminal victim\'s body, revealed to be Nick Fisher, into the apartment while Goodkat kills The Fairy\'s bodyguards. Together they blow up the apartment and the bodies, faking Slevin\'s death in the process. Goodkat and Slevin kidnap The Boss and The Rabbi, with both awakening restrained in The Boss\'s penthouse. Slevin appears and explains the overarching twist: Slevin is Henry, the son of the ill-fated Max, and the mobsters who killed Max were The Boss and The Rabbi. Goodkat is revealed as the assassin hired to kill young Henry, but after an attack of conscience took him in and raised him instead. Twenty years later, Goodkat and Slevin killed The Boss\' son and both mobsters\' bookies, stealing the bookies\' ledgers in the process; after finding Nick Fisher owed a great deal of money to both sides, they killed him and stole his identity. As gang warfare loomed, both mobsters went to Goodkat, who agreed to both kill and protect The Fairy on the condition they call in Nick\'s debts, granting Slevin and Goodkat unhindered access to the heavily guarded mobsters as Nick Fischer and an ally respectively. After revealing his plan, Slevin suffocates The Rabbi and The Boss by taping plastic bags over their heads, killing them the same way they killed his father. Since Lindsey earlier photographed Goodkat for Slevin, Goodkat shoots her to protect his identity. Finally, it is revealed that Detective Brikowski killed Slevin\'s mother when his own gambling debts were called in by the mobsters; Slevin kills Brikowski as the pseudonym "Slevin Kelevra" is explained: "Lucky Number Slevin" was the horse his father had bet on, and "Kelevra" is Hebrew for "bad dog," mirroring Goodkat\'s name. Sometime later at the bus terminal, Slevin is met by Lindsey, and it is revealed that Slevin, aware of Goodkat\'s intentions, explained his true identity to her and helped fake her death. Goodkat appears, aware of the trickery; since Goodkat spared Slevin as a boy, he sympathizes and agrees to let her live. The film closes with a flashback to Goodkat sparing Slevin, before "Kansas City Shuffle" by Bennie Moten starts playing on the radio.'] ['Upon being caught cheating in his Leaving Certificate and therefore banned from taking the exam for another three years, a young boy commits suicide. A close friend of his subsequently plots to cheat in his own Leaving Certificate in order to get revenge against the system. With the help of a rag-tag group of friends this young man organizes a complex scheme to steal copies of the test papers from the Department of Education and, upon winning, show the world he has beat the system.'] ['In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas kidnaps distinguished scientist professor Marchand with the aim to develop a super weapon that will enable him to menace the world. Fantômas is also planning to abduct a second scientist, professor Lefebvre. Journalist Fandor develops an ingenious scheme whereby he disguises himself as Lefebvre and attends a scientific conference in Rome, Italy to lure Fantômas into attempting to kidnap him. The plan seems to work until commissaire Juve steps into the fray and as usual messes things up, although Juve redeems himself by saving the troupe with an array of special gadgets which he has developed especially for his hunt for Fantômas. Yet, once again Fantômas escapes in style, using his Citroën DS with retractable wings that converts into an airplane in what amounts to one of the most unexpected and spectacular scenes of the genre.Picture of the Fantômas Citroën DS with retractable wings through Internet Archive'] ["Al McCord is hanging out at his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman, Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave Desert, where her mother Julie lives. Al discovers romance with the free-spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd, who seems likely to go berserk at any moment. Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an explanation. In the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire. He opens the trunk he discovers an apparent dead body . Al heads to a gas station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery. The confusion created by the gun-happy gas station worker allows Al to escape unhurt. Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie. Unknown to him at this point, his car is being stolen. Outside they notice Boyd and flee to a nearby motel. Just after Al leaves to search for his car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed. Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out by Boyd. Kaiser, still alive, arrives back at Mojave unseen as Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry. They eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom, signaled by an ostentatious explosion. Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al remains for the night, at least, with Julie."] ['Clay Bidwell is a young man in a small town who witnesses his friend, Earl, kill himself because of the ongoing affair that Clay was having with the man\'s wife, Amanda. Feeling guilty, Clay now resists the widow when she presses him to continue with their affair as if nothing has happened. Clay\'s problems worsen when he inadvertently befriends a serial killer named Lester Long, who murders the nagging widow in an attempt to "help" his "fishing buddy". Clay is horrified, but does not go to the police for fear of his role in his friend\'s suicide coming to light. But that doesn\'t matter for the police, as well as for savvy female FBI agent Dale Shelby and her partner Reynard, who see Clay as their prime suspect. Yet Clay doesn\'t tell them of his "friend," who has confessed his crimes to him.'] ["Max Dire is a Los Angeles detective who is feeling the strain that his profession entails when his wife of two years, Liza, accuses him of bringing his work home and leaves him to ponder her future, while his partner, Jim Sheldon, commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. Realising that Max is experiencing problems, Adam Garou, a high-ranking officer distinguished by his success in reducing crime in other big cities, invites Max to join him at a weekly meeting of other police officers who are experiencing difficulties at his apartment. Adam informs Max that he should try to solve his problems rather than quitting the force as he is a good detective. Although Max is skeptical as to whether he will derive any benefit from the meeting, as he and his wife had already attended counselling sessions without success, he reluctantly attends the meeting at Garou's apartment where he meets other police officers who have experienced problems such as Casey Spencer and Ramon Perez. Everyone who Max meets at the meeting praises the impact that Garou's influence has had on their fortunes. Max soon realizes that the activities of the group consist not merely of talking but also entail embarking on vigilante missions to clean the streets of criminals. Max advises Garou that he is not interested in joining the group, but he immediately forgets this and agrees to accompany them to a party where criminals are exchanging weapons. Before gatecrashing the party, Max, being a veteran detective, notices that each of the group members injects themselves with a strange chemical, which he learns has been produced by Garou. After they have injected this chemical, Max notes, thanks to his finely honed powers of observation, that Garou and his group are transformed becoming more powerful and seemingly impervious to injury. The next day Max attempts to advise his incredulous boss of the strange goings on, but to no avail.  He visits Casey Spencer who tries to persuade him to inject himself with the chemical. When he refuses, she shoots him. As Max lies dying on the floor gazing at her in a perplexed manner she injects him with the chemical and he is instantly healed. They sleep with one another and afterwards raid a criminal lair after injecting themselves. As Max and Casey kill and then intimidate the criminals' corpses, it is slightly noticeable that they grow plastic claws out of their hands, similar to a popular comic book hero, and their teeth become sharper and enlarged. One of the criminals escapes and informs his crime boss what he is up against. He is given instructions to deal with Garou. Garou learns of Casey's sexual encounter with Max and angrily advises her that he is 'top dog' before raping her. Afterwards Garou and his group, including Max, gather together for another night of attacking the criminals. After injecting themselves with Garou's chemical the officers enter a vehicle to depart on their journey. The vehicle explodes as the key is turned in the ignition. As the remnants of the vehicle burn, the criminal who had been instructed to kill Garou looks on with glee. This happiness is soon replaced by terror when he notices that all of the officers have survived and that they are in their monster-like state. In the next scene the dead bodies of the criminal and his associates are dropped from a helicopter through the glass ceiling of the crime boss' home. The same night, Max meets in a holding cell an ex-police officer from a city where Garou used to work. The officer is deformed and speaks badly of Garou. He advises Max that Garou may have cleaned the streets of the other cities, but that all of the officers who had worked with him were killed . He also explained that his deformity was caused by overuse of the chemical. Garou kills the officer to silence him and Max covers for him, but his suspicions are aroused and he begins to conduct some research into Garou. After making a startling discovery, he sneaks into Garou's apartment and finds Garou extracting the chemical from his own brain. Max advises Garou that he realises that he is a werewolf. Conflict ensues and although Max and Casey escape from Garou's apartment, the latter is fatally injured. The next day Garou prepares to complete his final operation and Max resolves to stop him. After Garou has killed all of the criminals, including the aforementioned crime boss, Max shoots him with a silver bullet and Garou falls to the ground. Thinking that Garou is dead, Max turns away . Then suddenly, he hears Garou say 'Didn't you get my memo? A full eclipse protects me from everything; including silver'. A full eclipse had passed overhead as these events took place. As Max dreads to consider what will happen next, Garou asks him 'Wanna see something really scary?'. He then turns into an extremely large werewolf, losing his human form entirely. Max flees as the other members of Garou's group are killed. Garou tries to kill Max, but the latter injects Garou with a solution of silver nitrate. As the eclipse is over, this kills Garou. Before he dies Garou returns to his human form and tells Max that if he lies in his blood he can take his power. In the final scenes of the film, Max is shown to have moved to Denver with his wife Liza and their relationship seems to have improved. She is shown cutting her finger with a knife as she is chopping up food. Max licks her finger and then leaves to undertake some paperwork. She notices that her cut heals immediately and stares after Max bewildered. Meanwhile, Max is shown looking up on a computer the dates of coming eclipses in different American cities. These scenes reveal that he has inherited Garou's power."] ['In London, during the early 1900s, aspiring journalist and women\'s rights campaigner Sonia Winter  uncovers an organization that specializes in killing for money, the Assassination Bureau, Limited. To bring about its destruction, she commissions the assassination of the bureau\'s own chairman, Ivan Dragomiloff . Far from being outraged or angry, Dragomiloff is amused and delighted and decides to put it to his own advantage. The guiding principle of his bureau, founded by his father, has always been that there was a moral reason why their victims should be killed &mdash; these have included despots and tyrants. More recently though, his elder colleagues have tended to kill more for financial gain than for moral reasons. Dragomiloff, therefore, decides to accept the commission of his own death and challenge the other board members: Kill him or he will kill them. With Miss Winter in tow, Dragomiloff sets off on a tour of Edwardian Europe, challenging and systematically purging the bureau\'s senior members. Little do they realise that this is a plot by Miss Winter\'s sponsor, newspaper publisher Lord Bostwick , to take over the bureau and plunge Europe into war&nbsp;&mdash; Bostwick is the bureau\'s vice-chairman and is bitter for having been passed over in favour of the founder\'s son. Bostwick and the other members of the Bureau plan to get rich quick by the "biggest killing" of them all&nbsp;&mdash; buying stocks in arms factories and then propelling Europe into war by assassinating all the heads of state of Europe while they attend a secret peace conference. Dragomiloff and Miss Winter uncover the plot&nbsp;&mdash; dropping a bomb from a Zeppelin airship on to the castle in Ruthenia where the kings, emperors and presidents of Europe are trying to avoid a possible war caused by the death of a Balkan prince who was killed by a bomb intended for Dragomiloff. Dragomiloff steals aboard the airship and destroys it, killing the remaining members of his board of directors. He is then decorated by the heads of state he has saved. It is implied that Dragomiloff may wed Miss Winter as well.'] ['In this adaptation of Dashiell Hammett\'s "The Farewell Murder",{{cite book}} Nick  and Nora  Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr. They are invited by Colonel Burr MacFay  to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island. McFay desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from Phil Church , a very shady character. When MacFay is killed, Church seems to be the obvious suspect. However, Nick is skeptical. He suspects there is something far more complicated going on. MacFay\'s housekeeper, daughter and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man\'s demise.'] ["Peter Grey is a successful New York chef, disgruntled by caustic reviews from the food critic J.T. Franks. After Franks' bad review, Grey is fired by his boss Gordon. He kidnaps Franks, takes him to a cabin in the woods, and forces him to cook his own 'perfect dinner'."] ['Donovan plays Thomas, an amnesiac trying to put his life back together, who meets an ex-nun  writing pornographic stories. The scenes of overt violence were new territory for Hartley, but the film was still in his usual deadpan and dialogue-driven style.'] ['A news reporter covers a story in Turkey where many people have mysteriously died, seemingly from pneumonia. In Hong Kong, Buck Yuen works as an exercise equipment salesman. After an unsuccessful day at work, he heads out through the shopping mall and intuitively knows that a robbery is about to take place. Buck thwarts the robbers plans, relieving them of the money they have stolen and returning it to the police. Later, a stranger approaches Buck, eager to speak to the hero who foiled the robbery. The stranger goes by the name of Manny Liu and he tells Buck that he is rounding up several men of Buck\'s age and description, one of whom could be the son of a wealthy Korean man. As a child, Buck had been an orphan, but he has vague dreams seemingly recalling his parents cooing over him, his father clutching a shiny object. Buck goes to meet the Korean man in question, a former spy, who does not have long to live. After fending off an attack on the old man, Buck is given the opportunity to play a "game" with the old man. The old man gives him a crucifix, which appears to be the shiny object of his dreams, confirming this man to be his father. Once the old man has died, Buck finds the first clue to the "game" at his grave – a message saying "wait for me" in English. Eventually he realises that the letters of the phrase correspond to a telephone number and calls it. It turns out to be a bank in Turkey, so Buck sets out on his journey. Once in Turkey, Buck goes to the bank and receives the contents of the old man\'s safety deposit box – a large sum of money and a small package. Avoiding the attempted theft of his newfound wealth by a group of thugs who have commandeered a fleet of taxis, Buck eventually makes it back to his hotel. Along the way he meets two women – the first, Korean reporter Carmen and the second, a Chinese woman called Yong, who sings sweetly and wears a scarf embroidered with the same phrase from the old man\'s grave. He catches up with the woman and they arrange to meet later. Buck then visits a Turkish baths, but is accosted by another group of thugs, and ends up being pursued, wearing nothing but a towel, through a Turkish bazaar. He soon loses his towel, and is forced to hide his nudity with a variety of implements from the various stores, all the while, avoiding attacks from the thugs. He hides in an alleyway and notices huge pieces of cloth hanging from above, so he rapidly performs acrobatic moves to twist the material around himself. Thus disguised in the makeshift clothing he finally manages to make his escape. Carmen Wong, who had appeared to be a reporter, turns out to be working for the CIA and she informs Buck that the item everyone seems so keen to get their hands on is a new biological weapon, Anthrax II, many times more powerful than regular anthrax. It is this that had killed the many Turkish people in the film\'s opening scene – Turkey had been chosen as the testing ground. When Buck meets up with Yong, he learns that her boss is crime lord Lee Sang-zen, and a deal had been brokered between him and Buck\'s \'father\'. Buck and Yong are then captured by a Turkish gang and tied up, but the gang themselves are subject to an attack from Lee\'s gang. Buck makes his escape and frees Yong, winding the winch cable of a crane all around the supporting wooden beams of the building and setting the crane to retract the cable. The cable rips through the wooden building, tearing it from its moorings and allows Buck and Yong to escape into the sea. Later the pair are picked up by Lee, and Buck learns that Yong is a drug addict, practically a slave to Lee and her life is in grave danger. Later, as they part, Lee offers Buck a new deal, more money and Yong\'s freedom if he gives Lee what he wants. Realizing that if he saves Yong\'s life, many others may die, Buck seeks the advice of a Turkish priest. The priest knows the various East Asian languages, and was an associate of the old man. He leads Buck to a basement room and gives him the item that everyone has been trying to get their hands on – 2 vials of Anthrax II. He advises Buck to save the one he can and leave the consequences up to God. Buck relents, following the advice of the priest, hands over the vials over to save Yong. However, he soon learns that she has already been given a fatal dose of drugs and is soon dead. Buck tells Carmen that he gave the vials up for Yong\'s life and a desperate race to get them back ensues. Manny reappears in a helicopter to assist Buck as he chases after Lee. At the height of the action, the thugs\' car becomes lodged into the rear of a large oil tanker, which catches fire. In scenes reminiscent of Speed, the driver is told he must keep the tanker traveling at 80&nbsp;km/h or else the fire will spread forward, blowing up the tanker and a huge blast radius around it. Buck pulls the family from the tanker to safety one by one, but cannot escape himself. Manny Liu reappears in a helicopter to help get Buck out, but is unable to. At the last moment, as the tanker heads towards the edge of a disused bridge, Buck leaps from the tanker.Though it is not stated in the film credits, the structure Chan jumps from appears to be one of several viaducts that were damaged during the 1999 İzmit earthquake. As he flies over the edge of the bridge, he grabs the plastic barrier, which is quickly uprooted sending him swinging down towards the ground, as the flaming oil tanker crashes into the ground below and explodes. Buck rolls down a hill after the jump, hitting his head. As he loses consciousness, Manny searches his body for the Antrax II and takes it. When Buck wakes up in the hospital after recovering from his injuries, Manny reveals that his entire adventure was actually an intelligence mission arranged for an undisclosed American intelligence agency, performed by Buck as an informal, non-official agent . His background as an orphan, combined with his talents of extremely sharp intuitions and excellent martial arts skills had made him a perfect candidate for a freelance agent who could perform special missions. The mission was set as a "game" for Buck since he was not an official agent and therefore cannot be briefed about it. His sharp intuition enabled him to interpret his "clues" correctly, thus enabling him to perform his mission successfully. As the end credits are rolling, Jackie Chan\'s is doing another mission, this time in Italy.'] ["Patrick  is single, loves his dog  and still lives in his parents' house ten years after their death. Shortly before Christmas, Patrick's sister Marilyn  visits Patrick to introduce him to Ryan , a science fiction television star. After accidentally knocking Ryan out with a cricket bat, Patrick is shocked to learn of Marilyn's engagement to Ryan. Patrick also overhears a dialogue excerpt that Ryan cites over the phone, which makes Patrick believe that Ryan wants to kill Marilyn. From this time on, Patrick tries everything in his power to protect his sister. But an apparently fatal accident happens: While Patrick is on the phone with Marilyn, Ryan tries to mount Christmas lights and falls off the ladder. Patrick panics and tries everything to hide Ryan's death from his sister. As such, Patrick arranges a blind date between Marilyn and Chris  to get time to dispose the body in the garden and in a lake nearby. But Ryan's dead body reappears each time. When Marilyn alerts the police that Ryan is missing, Ryan's aunt investigates Ryan's disappearance. After first suspecting Marilyn, Patrick's cover blows. Because it looks bad for Marilyn, the siblings decide to dismember Ryan's body and give it to Mars and the neighbors' dogs as food. Finally, when Patrick admits that Ryan has basically always been a friend to him, Marilyn reveals her plan: She and Ryan just faked his death, and the body that Patrick has been trying to get rid of has been Marilyn's sex doll all the time. Ryan has assumed the role of his aunt. Some time later, when Patrick grows comfortable with the idea to accept Ryan as his brother-in-law, Ryan's sister Elise  arrives but is not enthused with the upcoming wedding. A love at first sight between Patrick and Elise is apparent. While Marilyn shows her sister-in-law to-be the house, Ryan leads Patrick to the lake, with a moose figure behind his back."] ['The film tells the tale of Gabrielle Winters , a brain-damaged and institutionalized tutor and proofreader who elaborately recounts the disappearance of the sixteen-year-old girl she was babysitting. Flourish was shot in Los Angeles in May and June 2005, and had its world premiere at the 2006 Cinequest Film Festival. It was released on DVD worldwide on November 14, 2006.'] ["Kenneth Magee, a young writer, bets $20,000 that he can write a Wuthering Heights-caliber novel in 24 hours. To get in the mood for the undertaking, he goes to a deserted Welsh manor. Upon his arrival, however, Magee discovers that the manor is not as empty as he was told. Still there are Lord Grisbane and his daughter, Victoria, who have been maintaining the mansion on their own. As the stormy night progresses, more people come to the mansion, including Lord Grisbane's sons Lionel and Sebastian, Magee's publisher's secretary, Mary Norton, and Corrigan, a potential buyer of the property. After much coaxing, the Grisbanes reveal that they are here to release their brother, Roderick, who was imprisoned in his room for 40 years because he seduced a village girl when he was 14 and killed her when he found out she was pregnant. When they go to release him, they find the room empty and conclude that he broke out recently by breaking the bars in front of the window. Moments later, Lord Grisbane has a fatal heart attack. As Magee talks about getting the police, screams are heard and they find Victoria strangled to death. When Corrigan, Magee, and Mary decide to leave, they discover all of their cars have slashed tires. Soon, Diane and Andrew, a young couple who Magee met at the train station, arrive seeking shelter from the storm. They are soon killed when Diane washes her face with water that has been replaced by acid and Andrew drinks poisoned punch. The remaining five decide to find Roderick and kill him before he kills them. Magee, Sebastian, and Mary search a series of tunnels behind a bookcase. During their search, they get separated and Sebastian is hanged to death from the ceiling. Mary makes it back to Corrigan and Lionel while Magee remains lost in the tunnels. Corrigan soon reveals that he, in fact, is Roderick and that he escaped his prison decades ago, but returns every now and then to make them think he was still trapped. He then proceeds to kill Lionel with a battle axe and chase Mary throughout the manor. Magee soon finds then them and after the ensuing fight, knocks Roderick down the stairs; during the fall, Roderick accidentally stabs himself with the axe. As Roderick is dying, his victims suddenly walk into the room, very much alive; it is revealed that all it was a joke put on by Magee's publisher. The next morning, Magee finishes his novel and returns to give it to his publisher. When his publisher gives him his $20,000 he proceeds to rip it up, as he has learned that some things are more important than money."] ["Nick and Nora Charles are looking forward to a relaxing day at a racetrack, but when a jockey accused of throwing a race is found shot to death, Police Lieutenant Abrams requests Nick's help. The trail leads to a gambling syndicate that operates out of a wrestling arena, a murdered reporter, and a pretty secretary whose boyfriend has been framed. Along the way, Nick and Nora must contend with a wild wrestling match, a dizzying day at a merry-go-round , and a table-clearing restaurant brawl."] ["Middle-class couple Michel  and Claire  have a chance meeting with Harry , a high school acquaintance of Michel's. Starting with that meeting, Harry, traveling with his girlfriend Plum , becomes obsessed with Michel and Claire and begins to have a profound and damaging effect on the young couple."] ['Tom Logan  is an Assistant District Attorney in the New York City District Attorney\'s Office, who is on his way to becoming the new District Attorney. Into his life enters Laura Kelly , an attorney who is representing Chelsea Deardon . Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from an art dealer, Victor Taft . However, Chelsea claims that the painting is actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her on her 8th birthday 18 years ago - the same day that her father and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire. Kelly eventually manages to talk Logan into helping them . However, things turn even more mysterious when Taft suddenly drops all charges against Chelsea and a police detective, Cavanaugh , comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are still in existence. Chelsea also continues coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of someone following her. When Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at. Logan agrees to continue trying to protect Chelsea while Kelly continues her investigation into the paintings. After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance fraud between Taft, Deardon and a third man who was sent to prison. Logan and Kelly go to Taft\'s apartment and find him murdered and Chelsea hiding in Taft\'s apartment. When Logan is caught in bed with Chelsea after her being accused of Taft\'s murder, Logan\'s career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished. Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged by Logan\'s daughter, who thinks the two make a good couple. Realizing that a sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture. There, the person they thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, the third person who was locked up. Brock forces Kelly and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the painting inside and cuffs them to a table. He then sets fire to another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation. Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not who he thought he was, races to the gallery. Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his death. Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting. After all charges are dropped against Chelsea, Logan\'s former boss offers to take him back, based on Logan\'s publicity. Logan, however, decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office together.  Legal Eagles has several different endings. The film opened to mediocre reviews in theaters and by the time it reached television, defendant Chelsea Deardon, had gone from innocent to guilty. The alternate endings include her guilty of one murder, innocent, and then guilty of a different murder.'] ['{{Plot}} The story begins on Christmas with two foster brothers John  and Charlie  who work as transit cops, patrolling a subway in New York City. When a mugging occurs, and John and Charlie chase the mugger into the subway tunnel, all trains traveling in their direction are halted. But the harsh transit captain Donald Patterson ([[Robert Blake , allows the money train  to continue stating "nothing stops the money train". John and Charlie survive getting hit by the train, however when the transit police at the next station witness the mugger running to the train, they shoot the mugger dead thinking the incident to be a robbery. The mugger is revealed to be a young teenage boy, which creates a brawl between John, Charlie, and the other transit offices, so as a result Patterson blames to the two for causing his money train to arrive late taking it as a personal sign of disrespect. After leaving the station, Charlie asks John to borrow some money in order to buy him a Christmas present. When John accepts, Charlie instead uses the money to pay off his gambling debts to the sleazy night club owner Mr. Brown. When the deal does not go as planned, Mr. Brown intends to have Charlie killed by throwing him off the edge of the building, but John bursts in and interrupts the process. John tells Mr. Brown that he has the money for him that Charlie already owes him, but Mr. Brown reveals to John that Charlie is in $15,000 in debt. John makes an agreement to have the money delivered to him within several days and to pay Mr. Brown the $300 he has brought, but have no harm done to Charlie. Mr. Brown accepts and lets Charlie live. During their night shift, John and Charlie are introduced to Grace Santiago , a decoy transit officer just assigned to their unit who both brothers immediately take a liking to. During their patrol, a serial killer known as the Torch ([[Chris Cooper  robs a station pay booth, then sets it on fire after spraying it with gasoline. John and Charlie both rescue the pay booth worker and put out the fire, but the Torch manages to escape. Afterwards John, Charlie, and Grace take the rest of the afternoon off at the local bar, where Charlie reveals his plan to rob the money train in order to pay off their debts. John does not agree with the situation, saying it to be impossible. Later that night, the two brothers and Grace are assigned to patrol the money train which the other officers do not feel comfortable with. While Charlie discovers a metal grate in the floor along with a ladder leading out to Central Park, a brawl breaks out between John and another officer over who was standing in his position, causing the entire squad getting involved. Patterson again blames the two for the incident and also rudely accuses them for the loss of some money when the train arrived, but even after it is found that a collection agent miscounted the money, Patterson still continues to be harsh towards them. At the local bar, Charlie tells John that robbing the money train would still work and that the best time would be on New Year\'s Eve, not only because the subway security will be loosened, but it is the time when the subway makes highest profit during the year: up to $500,000. The plan involves entering the train through the metal grate when the train has stopped, driving it to the maintenance ladder, and escaping into Central Park. John doesn\'t find it right to steal and while he proceeds to buy a drink, sees Grace dancing in the back ally where two agree to share a dance together, but John abruptly ends the dance and goes back into the bar. When John and Grace meet later at a local gym, Grace asks why he left her last night which was because he was worried about Charlie. Later that day, John gives Charlie a gift that he had been saving for him; the $15,000 that he needs to payback Mr. Brown. In the train, an old lady bumps into Charlie. Charlie helps her and as the next station approaches he spots a guy stealing a man\'s wallet. Charlie handcuffs the robber to overhead bar and while he advises the victim about what\'s the safest place to keep valuables, he realizes that the old lady made away with his $15000. But it\'s too late and the train continues its journey while Charlie sees the old lady hastly exiting the station. Charlie comes back home dejected and when he looks at John\'s house from his window, he sees Grace and John sleeping together. John notices this and while he tries to explain, Charlie walks off saying he\'s happy for him, although he feels like a loser. One evening an ambush is setup to nab Torch, where Grace disguises to be the attendant at the station pay booth. Torch notices this and to distract all the officers, pushes a policeman onto a running train. John leaves Charlie to keep an eye on Grace, and proceeds with the other officers to the spot where the policeman was killed. Torch then returns to the booth and sprays gasoline on Grace. Charlie fails to notice this as he keeps looking at the accident spot. But before Torch could light her up, Charlie alerts the other officers and shots are fired at Torch. Torch starts running and is chased by Charlie and John. John pursues him into another station and gets into a brawl with Torch. In the fight, Torch gets burnt due to the gasoline he\'s carrying and while he tries to ram into John, he\'s pushed onto a moving train. Patterson fires Charlie for all the commotion that was caused during the chase and when John speaks in favor of Charlie, he fires John too. Charlie decides to go ahead with his robbery plan and to let John know about this leaves him a gift at the bar. The gift is the money train model that Charlie had earlier stolen from Patterson. John is reluctant to do anything about this but Grace persuades him to save Charlie from trouble. When the money train stops at one of the stations; Charlie enters the train from beneath it and rides away leaving all the officers behind. Charlies stops the train near the maintenance ladder and while he tries to escape with the money, spots a group of policemen and hence is unable to escape. Meanwhile John reaches the train and persuades him to drive further to prevent being arrested. Knowing that Patterson will anyway direct his team to trip the train\'s brakes, the duo agrees to bleed the brakes. Patterson then orders steel barricades to stop the train. But John increases the speed to its maximum so that the train smashes the barricade. With no more options left, Transit control officer Kowalski  calls the money train a runaway and starts clearing tracks. But instead, Patterson diverts the money train onto a track that is occupied by a passenger train believing that the brothers will have no choice to but to stop when they see the other train ahead. But since the money train can\'t stop the resulting impact would cause a derailment killing the lives of people which Patterson takes no interest in. The train is now on full speed, without brakes and heading for danger. The brothers decide that the only option left is to put the train on reverse but doing so will definitely derail the money train killing both of them but allowing the others to live. Charlie comes up with an idea and positions an iron bar in such a way that the next time the money train rams the other train, the bar trips the reverse lever. Both of them climb on top of the train and proceed to the front. Once the train rams,the reverse level is activated and both brothers jump across to the other train as the money train derails, spinning through the tunnel and crashes in a huge wreck with Patterson watching in horror. Both of them try to escape through the commotion but are spotted by Patterson  They pretend to have come to help him, but Patterson rudely insults them. Fed up by his constant behaviour towards them, the brothers take their revenge and punch Patterson across the face. As he shouts out to his team to arrest them for assault, Grace comes rushing and arrests Patterson for endangering the lives of innocent people. When the two brothers exit the station they are right on Times Square where the countdown for the New Year has just begun. John, while hugging Charlie, realizes he has stuffed himself with a money bag amounting to $536,435.'] ["The film opens with a monologue by Fletch about his latest story, dealing with the drug trade on Los Angeles' beaches. While undercover, he is approached by Alan Stanwyk , who says he has inoperable cancer and wants Fletch to kill him so that his family will receive his life insurance. Stanwyk thinks that Fletch is the perfect man for the job, as he appears to be a person who can simply disappear after the shooting without any suspicions being raised. Fletch agrees to kill Stanwyk when offered $50,000, but is suspicious of Stanwyk's motives. Investigating Stanwyk, Fletch uncovers a story much greater than his exposé of small-time drug dealers. As he uncovers the truth about Stanwyk's double life, he discovers that the police chief  is behind the drug trafficking."] ['While diving off the Miami coast seeking one of the eleven fabled Spanish Galleons sunk in 1591, private investigator Tony Rome discovers a dead blonde, her feet encased in cement, at the bottom of the ocean. Rome reports this to Lieutenant Dave Santini and thinks little more of the incident until man-mountain Waldo Gronski hires him to find a missing woman, Sandra Lomax. Gronski has little in the way of affluence, so allows Rome to pawn his ring to retain his services. After investigating the local hot-spots and picking up on a few names, Rome soon comes across Kit Forrester, whose party Sandra Lomax was supposed to have attended. Rome’s talking to Forrester raises the ire of racketeer Al Mungar, a supposedly reformed gangster who looks after Kit’s interests. Rome, thinking there may be a connection between Lomax, Forrester and Mungar, starts probing into their backgrounds and begins a romantic relationship with Kit. With both cops and crooks chasing him and the omnipresent Gronski breathing down his neck, Rome finds himself deep in a case that provides few answers.'] ['Cosmo Reif, an affectless mob bookie who lives in the basement of a retirement home, is promoted to hitman against his will. He learns his new trade from Steve, a seasoned killer, and proves to be a natural marksman despite having no experience with firearms. He falls in love with a yoga teacher, Jasmine, and must figure out a way to leave the mob so they can be together.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with Bill Kincaid  lecturing his Latin class at Brown University about Socrates’ dialogues, and discussing Greek tragedies . He dismisses the class and then meets up with his student, Anne . Anne attempts to have sex with Bill, which he refuses. A coworker enters the room, and talks to Bill about an upcoming meeting he is having with Harvard associates. Brady Kincaid  is down South lecturing two drug dealers who work for Pug Rothbaum . Brady grows and sells all natural marijuana. He explains that he has no intention of expanding his sales, despite needing money to repay a debt to Rothbaum. Meanwhile, Bill talks with Dean Sorensen  about a job at Harvard in which philosophy would be included in their law school. Bill leaves, and on his way back to Brown, his brother's partner Bolger  tells Bill that Brady has died from a crossbow arrow. Bill flies to Tulsa, meeting a Jewish orthodontist on the plane. Bill arrives in Tulsa, and Bolger is waiting outside to pick him up. Bill is mistaken for Brady at the Broken Bow Market, and is beat up and knocked unconscious by marijuana dealers angry that Brady has taken half their territory. When Bill wakes, he is being looked after by Brady. Brady tells Bill that he is getting married and having a baby, and guilts Bill into staying. Brady persuades Bill to try his marijuana. Brady asks Bill to pretend to be Brady while he goes up state to take care of Rothbaum. Bill meets Janet  at a party at Brady's, and is immediately smitten with her. Later that night, Bill agrees to Brady's proposal. Bill accompanies Janet catching catfish. Janet drives Bill to the old folks home to make amends with his mother. Bill argues with his mother about her lack of mothering. Bolger and Brady go to Rothbaum's synagogue in Tulsa, where Rabbi Zimmerman  is giving a sermon. Ken Feinman , the orthodontist Bill met on the plane, mistakes Brady for Bill. Rothbaum spots Brady, and tells him they will talk elsewhere. Brady and Bolger meet with Rothbaum at his compound, where Rothbaum demands his money. When Rothbaum threatens to kill them if they don't have his money, Bolger shoots Rothbaum's thugs, and Brady stabs Rothbaum. They head to the Broken Bow Market, and attack the people who beat up Bill. Upon returning home, Bill has figured out that Brady killed Rothbaum. After an argument, Bill is called and told that his teaching is suspended, due to the earlier situation with Anne. In Tulsa, Ken Feinman  hears of Rothbaum’s murder and figures everything out. He purchases a gun and sets off for Brady's house. Ken accuses Brady of the murder. He tells Bill and Brady that he needs money, as his orthodontist career is failing. Bill stares the gun-wielding Ken down, and both prepare to leave. Brady and Bolger won't let Ken leave, and Ken shoots Brady in the chest. Bill shoots Ken in retaliation. The police arrive. Brady takes the gun so Bill isn't blamed for the murder. Brady dies. At Brady's funeral, Bill shares that Brady was responsible for the best times of his life, and explains the regret and difficulty of leaving everything behind. Bolger takes Bill up to Tulsa to see Rabbi Zimmerman, as Brady wanted her to know that Rothbaum's murder was not a hate crime. Bill tries to sell Brady’s marijuana growing system to the Broken Bow Market, but Bill is shot through the chest by a crossbow, and Bolger kills the thug and takes Bill to the hospital. Janet visits him. Bolger is told that he saved Bill’s life, repaying his debt to Brady . A few weeks later, Bill is sitting outside of Brady and Colleen’s house while Daisy takes care of the baby. Janet and Bill hold hands over a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass as it starts to rain."] ["Cooper , a deputy director of the CIA, wants to take over the director position. Standing in his way is Ross , whom Cooper plans on eliminating by implicating him in a failed drug-smuggling operation in Morocco and forcing him to resign. Ross catches onto the plot and leaks a rumor that a man will be arriving at the airport who will clear him of the scandal, and orders his assistant to pick him up. Cooper, desperate to find out who the mystery man is, sends his own agents to follow Ross's lackey, Brown . Brown goes to the airport with instructions to pick someone at random from the crowd, leading Cooper and his team on a wild goose chase. Morris  plays a trick on his friend Richard , hiding one of each pair of his shoes. Richard is forced to wear mismatched shoes on his flight home, with one business shoe and one red sneaker. Brown spots the mismatched shoes in the crowd and picks him as their random target. Cooper takes the bait and starts tracking Richard, who proves to be carrying on his own intrigues. They learn that Richard, a concert violinist, has travelled the world, including several Communist countries. Cooper thinks this the perfect cover for a spy, and starts digging deeper. Soon they suspect his sheet music is actually a code, and steal time on Defense Department computers to decipher it. Hoping to learn more, he sends in Maddy  to seduce Richard and find out what he knows. While Richard is playing, Maddy actually falls for him. Ross, meanwhile, simply sits back and watches the antics unfold. When one attempt after another fails to yield any usable information, Cooper orders Richard killed, eventually attempting to kill the man himself. Richard remains completely oblivious to the plot, and settles down with Maddy once Cooper is removed."] ["The family of twin sisters Maddie and Abby Parker are placed in the FBI's Witness Protection Program after they witness a robbery at the local museum, in which the priceless Kneel Diamond is stolen. Unfortunately, Maddie and Abby have a problem of being blabbermouths; as a result, everywhere the Parkers are sent to live, the girls inadvertently end up revealing their witness status. The gang is led by a crime lord with the rather unfortunate surname of Hatchew , who will do anything to get his hands on the diamond, which the thieves slipped into Abby's shoulder-bag during their escape from the crime scene; the gem ultimately ends up being set into her necklace. The family travels everywhere in the United States, from Texas to a prairie town, and eventually has been moved to every geographic location around the world possible, with the single exception of Australia &ndash; thus the FBI  send them to live in Sydney. The girls at first have much trouble, especially fitting in with peers. Two assassins named Mac and Sidney are sent after them after having discovered their location by breaking into the FBI office. Maddie and Abby defeat Mac and Sidney by knocking them out, tying them to surf boards and putting clips in Sidney's hair, painting Mac's toenails and threatening to put bras on them. the twins manage to convince them to change sides; they leave after the girls lure Hatchew to Australia. He comes after them, manages to get the diamond and sets his thug on them. It looks like it's over for them until Mac and Sidney return and defeat the thug, saving the girls. Hatchew nearly gets away on a seaplane, but Maddie and Abby stop him using a boomerang and he is arrested by Katie, an undercover FBI agent posing as a lifeguard. The Parkers are finally able to return home to the United States with half the reward money for capturing the bad guys."] ["Cameron  is a young veteran running from the police. He stumbles onto the set of a World War I movie and accidentally causes the death of one of the film's stunt men. The eccentric and autocratic director, Eli Cross , agrees to hide Cameron from the police if he will take the dead man's place. Cameron soon begins to suspect that Cross is putting him in excessive danger. At a bar one night, another member of the production gets drunk and tells Cameron that Eli almost killed the helicopter pilot during the fatal accident Cameron caused, because he insisted he keep flying in order to get the shot. Cameron falls in love with Nina Franklin , the film's star, and is devastated to find out that she and Eli slept together before he met her. The boundaries between reality and fiction become increasingly blurred as Cross exercises godlike control over the production. During a screening of some footage for Nina's parents who are visiting the production, a nude sex scene with Nina is shown. Eli appears to be mortified, but allows the footage to play anyway. He waits until Nina is just about to shoot a traumatic scene the next day to tell her that her parents have seen the footage of her naked. It causes her to cry, which seems to be the exact emotion Eli needed from her in the scene. The final day of filming involves a complicated stunt where Cameron has to drive a vintage Duesenberg off a bridge. Nina has two other scenes to shoot as well, but Cameron is convinced Eli will rig the stunt so he will die. He persuades Nina to run away with him, but they are unable to leave the set, which is kept sealed from the neighboring town by the police on Eli's orders. Nina hides in the trunk of the Duesenberg, promising to slip away with Cameron during the stunt. Before the scene is shot, Eli points to the Duesenberg and explains it is the only copy of the vintage car that the production has. He therefore orders that no one interrupt the filming of the scene once it begins. Cameron is beside himself with anxiety. He keeps trying to check the trunk to see if Nina is there, but finally decides that he will find out once he has escaped in the car. When he gets behind the wheel, the police chief asks if the in-car camera is on. In a panic, believing he has been discovered, Cameron turns on the engine before anyone is ready. The entire crew springs into action. Eli screams at them to start shooting. Cameron thinks he has escaped when he arrives at the bridge. He flips off the camera, but a crew member triggers a charge which causes a blowout in a front tire. The car swerves off the side of the bridge and into the water. As it sinks, Cameron climbs into the back seat to free Nina from the trunk. Then he sees her standing next to Eli on the bridge, looking down on him. He swims to the bank. Eli descends behind him on a crane, and helps Cameron come to the realization his life was never in danger. Cameron says that the stunt is the hardest $1,000 he has ever made. Eli corrects Cameron, saying the pay for the stunt is only $650. Cameron becomes enraged, insisting he was promised $1,000. Eli laughs at him and offers to split the difference at $750. He flies off in the helicopter, leaving Cameron screaming at him."] ['Arvid, a bank teller, is dumped by his girlfriend for being too boring and dull. Hoping to put some excitement in his life, Arvid helps stop a robbery at the bank. The wife of the would-be bank robber tracks Arvid down and tells him her husband was robbing the bank only so he could pay for medical treatments so they could have a child. The title is a reference to an axiom Arvid\'s brother tells him: "In China, they eat dogs"; which makes him realize that there is no such thing as moral absolutism, and that whether something is right or wrong depends on the situation. Because of his revelation, he comes to sympathize with the bank robber. Imagining he can help the couple and prove himself to be a dangerous outlaw all at once, Arvid plots a robbery of his own bank with the help of his brother Harald and some fellow wannabe criminals.'] ['The movie opens at Munich\'s Oktoberfest. Kendig and his team foil a microfilm transfer to an East German spy. However, they purposely do not apprehend Yaskov. Kendig is summoned to Washington, where his supervisor, Myerson , is forcing Kendig into semi-retirement and a desk job because Kendig didn\'t arrest the Russian. Kendig resists, claiming to be "a field man", and, on his own initiative, takes leave, shredding his file en route. It is days before that is discovered. He goes to Salzburg, Austria to "hear some Mozart" and visit an old friend, Isobel Von Schoenenberg . It is here that he seizes on the idea of writing a book exposing all the \'dirty tricks\' of the CIA, KGB and other \'spy agencies\'. Isobel is horrified to read the first chapter and tells Kendig that they\'ll all come after him to kill him. Nevertheless, he mails copies of the chapters to the various spy chiefs in the US, Russia, China, France and Great Britain. Soon enough, Myerson and Yaskov are after him, just as he wanted. Kendig baits his pursuers by periodically informing them of his location while nevertheless staying one step ahead. Leaving Vienna, he rents Myerson\'s own Georgia country house, and writes a few more chapters. The CIA trace him there, but the FBI shows up as well, and hearing the firecrackers Kendig sets up to go off, start blasting away at the house with rifles in front of the frantic Myerson, who goes in to a fit of apoplexy as his house is destroyed by the FBI shooters. This scene is accompanied by the aria "Un bel Dì", the suicide scene from Madama Butterfly . Kendig flies to Bermuda by seaplane , then to London, to meet with his publisher  to give him the last chapter of the book. Yaskov tells Cutter , a former protégé of Kendig\'s and friend who has been tasked to pursue him, finding out that he is in London. Both the Soviets and the Americans go to London and find Kendig\'s hotel room, where he has left a tape recording telling them he has finished the book and that he will be escaping Britain by a small plane the next morning. He leaves a copy of the last chapter and the location of the airfield from which he plans to make his escape. In the meantime, Kendig has contacted Isobel, who is under surveillance in Austria by the CIA. She cleverly escapes her watchers and goes to England by hovercraft. Kendig has also contracted with an engineer for a specialized electronic device for the airplane of unknown purpose. Cutter and Myerson threaten Kendig\'s publisher but he rebuffs their attempts at intimidation. Kendig, on the way to the airfield, suffers a flat tire. He is assisted by the local police, who cordially invite him to wait in the station until the morning. When one policeman recognizes him from a bulletin, Kendig escapes by short-circuiting an electrical socket and stealing a police car. He reaches the airfield in the morning, but the Americans and Russians are hovering overhead in a helicopter. He apparently takes off in his vintage biplane and is pursued by Myerson in the helicopter. He performs intricate loops in the plane evading the pistol shots from Myerson. It is then revealed that the electronic device that Kendig had had built is a specialized remote control device. Kendig is actually still on the ground, controlling the plane from the near-ruinous former control building nearby. Once the plane has cleared the cliffs and is over the English Channel, he presses a button, exploding it, timed just as Myerson has fired at the biplane one more time. The Americans and Russians rush to the cliff, see the wreckage floating in the sea, and conclude that Kendig is dead &ndash; except Cutter, who sees through the plan and realizes that Kendig did not die in the plane  but decides to keep this insight to himself. Kendig meanwhile returns to meet Von Schoenenberg and they set off for the south of France. Months later, the book has become a bestseller. Kendig is in a bookstore in disguise as a Sikh to purchase a copy. He learns from the clerk that the book is very good and that there is a rumor that Kendig is still alive in Australia. Von Schoenenberg pulls him aside and scolds him for taking too many risks.'] ["The Invisible Boy is a curious mixture of lighthearted playfulness and menacing evil. As it begins, ten-year-old Timmie Merinoe  seems only to want a playmate. After he is mysteriously invested with superior intelligence, he reassembles a robot that his father and other scientists have been ready to discard as unrepairable junk. No one pays much attention to the robot after Timmie gets it going, until Timmie's mother becomes angry when Timmie is taken aloft by a huge kite that the robot builds. When Timmie expresses a wish to be able to play without being observed by his parents, the robot – with the aid of an evil supercomputer – makes him invisible. At first Timmie uses his invisibility to play simple pranks on his parents and others, but the mood of the film soon changes, when it becomes clear that the super computer intends to take over the world through a military satellite."] ['Treasury Agents Art Kerr and Jim Haynes are investigating a global counterfeiting operation believed to be linked to the circus. Acrobat Bert King agrees to help his old friend Art  in searching for the counterfeiters; his acrobatic partner "June Edwards" assists him actively. From the start of their involvement, they find themselves repeatedly threatened by two thugs, "Daley" and "Travis". Early evidence leads Bert and June to a cave which leads to an isolated beach, and contains gear belonging to the gang. They are unaware, however, that in a minisub of this beach\'s shoreline hides Zorn, the counterfeiter who is printing the phoney bills. Ultimately, however, the evidence points to an unknown, higher authority directing the operations of these men, and apparently indeed someone connected with the circus. Among the most suspicious-acting of the circus staff are Burton the clown, and any of three "rubes", at least one of whom seems to be lurking by when something threatens the life of Bert or June.'] ['One of six travelers who catch the bus from Casablanca airport to Marrakesh is carrying $2 million to pay a local operator to fix United Nations votes. But which one?'] ['Zoe Adler , is a shy, eccentric and misunderstood computer animator who has a love for 1970s and 80s pop music. While heading home after a few drinks one night, she is forced into her car by a stalker who steers her into a police officer, knocking him off his bicycle and killing him. When Zoe is put under house arrest with a story no one believes and an electronic bracelet that keeps her homebound with an ever-increasing list of mandatory and repetitive tasks she must complete or risk going to jail, she must find a way to clear her name. With the help of Daly , an officer responsible for checking her bracelet every week who falls for her, a downstairs neighbor, and neighborhood kids, Zoe finds her stalker and tries to clear her name.'] ["The film begins with gangster Dickie  pushing his broken-down car through rising seawater while his companion Albie  lies inside, bleeding from a gunshot wound after a bungled robbery. Cut off by the unexpected rising tide, they are on the only road to a bleak and remote tidal island where, in a dark castle on a hilltop, the effeminate and neurotic George  lives with his luscious young wife Teresa . Dickie then proceeds to hold the two hostage while awaiting rescue by his boss, the mysterious Katelbach, even throughout an unexpected visit from one of George's old work colleagues."] ["Larry Lipton and his wife Carol meet their next-door neighbors Paul and Lilian House, and are invited in for coffee. Lilian discusses her various exercises with Carol, while Paul shows Larry his stamp collections.The couple seems very healthy considering their ages. The next night, Larry and Carol come off the elevator to find the Houses' door open, and a crowd forming in the doorway. They learn that Lilian has died of a heart attack suddenly. Her body is covered by a sheet on a stretcher. Larry and Carol both think that her death is a surprise, because she was so healthy, and didn't mention any heart conditions when with Carol. A couple of days after her death, the Liptons meet Paul on the street. Carol notes on his cheerfulness, and thinks his behavior is suspicious. Intent on visiting Paul again, Carol bakes him a dessert and she and Larry go over to his apartment. While searching for coffee beans in the kitchen, she finds an urn with ashes hidden in a cupboard, despite the fact that Paul said that Lilian was buried. Carol becomes more suspicious, especially after she hears him leave his apartment at 1 o'clock in the morning. She thinks that he took his car out to dispose of the urn; Larry believes that Carol is grossly overreacting. Carol sees Paul leaving the building the next morning, so she steals a spare key from the office, and sneaks into his apartment. The urn is missing, and she sees two tickets to Paris and a reservation for a Paris hotel, along with the name Helen Moss. While she's still in Paul's home she calls Ted, a family friend who is equally interested in the mystery. Paul walks in, and Carol hides under the bed. She overhears a conversation with who she supposes is Helen Moss. She escapes, only to realize later that she left her glasses in the apartment. She tells Larry about this, and he is angry with her for acting so foolishly. She makes another dessert to bring to Paul, and she and Larry visit him again to find her glasses. After a quick search Paul produces them, and says he found them under the bed. Meanwhile, Ted looked up Helen Moss and found out where she lives. He and Carol scout out the apartment, and find that Helen Moss is a young, beautiful actress. They follow her to the theater Paul owns. A elderly woman is also there, and is friends with Paul. Later, Carol and Ted are together for a wine tasting. Ted leaves, and Carol sees Lilian House riding the bus. She tells Larry, who doesn't believe her, and suggests that Lilian has a twin. Ted however, does believe her and looks up Lillian House to learn that she had a sister and a late brother, but no twin. Larry becomes jealous of their relationship, so he decides to scout out the street Carol saw Lilian on with his wife. Larry tries to remain enthusiastic, like Ted, and eventually believes Carol when he sees Lilian enter a hotel. Carol decides to buy a fake gift for Lilian, so they can sneak into the hotel and talk to her. They are allowed in, though Lilian is under a fake name. They enter her room with the fake gift, to find her dead on the bedroom floor. They hurry out of the room and call the police, but once they arrive, the body is gone. Carol doesn't accept this, so she goes back later with Larry to search the room for any clues. They find Lilian's wedding ring. They leave to the elevator, but it suddenly stops . Larry suffers from severe claustrophobia and begins to freak out. Carol tries to escape to through the roof, only to find Lilian's dead body. The lights go out, and the elevator goes down to the basement. Larry and Carol leave through the back door - Larry thoroughly frightened, and Carol thrilled. They get to the street and see a man put a body in his trunk. The couple follow him out of the city to junk yard that's melting scrap metal. The man dumps her body in a pile, and the body is burned in front of Carol and Larry. They follow the man to his car to learn that it is Paul, who noticed the couple following him before. Larry and Carol know there is nothing they can do, as all evidence is gone, and Paul has an alibi, Mrs. Dalton , for when the deaths took place. They later get together with Ted and Marcia, an author friend of Larry's. Marcia says that Paul pulled the perfect murder, and tells Carol and Larry how to catch him. They plan to create a fake audition and get Helen to it, and get her to recite some lines. They will take those lines and create several tapes to feign a phone call between her and Paul, stating that Carol and Larry saved Lilian's body and want $200 000 or they will call the police. The tapes of Helen state that he can either give them the money or kill them. Marcia knows that Paul with undoubtedly try to kill them, which is when they contact the police. The plan goes relatively well until after the phone call. Carol accuses Larry of being attracted to Marcia, as he suggested a book to her and has been taking late night poker lessons from her. Larry expresses his same concerns with Ted. Carol asks him for some time alone and goes back to the apartment. Paul kidnaps her and brings her to his theater. He calls Larry and threatens to kill Carol, unless Larry brings Lilian's body. Though they were bluffing, Larry goes anyway to save his wife. Paul sees that Larry has no body, and they briefly fight. Larry runs off to find Carol, but he is disoriented when he enters the room behind the theater's screen. There are renovations being done, and there are several mirrors and windows reflecting the movie being played. Paul stalks him down with a gun, but is shot by Mrs. Dalton, the elderly woman. It is evident that they were having an affair, and she doesn't want him to run away with Helen. Larry finds Carol tied up and saves her, and they both call the police. The thrill of the whole ordeal has brought them closer. In an ending scene, Marcia explains to Ted what exactly took place  - the dead body in the apartment was Lilian's rich sister. The sister had a heart attack while visiting them, so the couple took advantage of the situation. Lilian hid as her husband called the police and claimed his wife died. They looked so similar no one noticed. Lilian left the apartment early in the morning and checked into a hotel. She was to pretend to be her sister, changing her will so she and her husband received all her money. After this was done, Paul double-crossed and killed her, so he could run off with Helen. The plan went perfectly until Carol and Larry interfered."] ['Having stolen some compromising documents from a powerful and successful entrepeneur/gangster at a party, a man known as Fred  escapes from the police and takes refuge in the underground world of the Paris Métro. There he integrates with the dwellers and befriends several colourful characters, some of which are living under the subway to avoid police arrest like him. While the gangster\'s henchmen look for his trail, Fred develops a romance with the gangster\'s young trophy wife Héléna ,who had invited Fred to the spoiled party, and is bored with her gilded-caged life. Fred forms a pop band with some of his friends, like "The Drummer"  and Enrico The Bass Player , who compose the songs. While he is working on his project, Héléna\'s powerful husband pressures the police to find Fred. One of Fred\'s sidekicks, The Rollerskater, who had been targeted by the police from a long time, is captured by Commissioner Gesberg . Another one, The Florist, robs a train carrying money alongside Fred, and then escapes. At a performance in the subway with the newly formed band -which was possible because Fred paid off the actual performers of an announced concert, with money from the train robbery, and put his band in their place- Fred is searched by the police and a henchman of Héléna\'s husband. The henchman shoots Fred just when Héléna was about to reach and warn him of the approaching danger. The film ends with Héléna kneeling beside Fred, who is lying on his back, looking content and singing along to the band, who are playing and being applauded by the audience in the background. The ending is left ambiguous as to what actually happens in the growing love relation between Fred and Helena, and to whether he survives.'] ["A man calling himself Sam Marlowe  has his face altered to resemble that of his idol, Humphrey Bogart, and then opens a detective agency. At first he and his secretary Duchess  have meager business, but things pick up after a shooting puts Sam's picture in the paper. Some ruthless people, who are coincidentally also similar to characters in Bogart films , are after a priceless set of stones called the Eyes of Alexander , and Marlowe and Duchess are caught in the middle of it all."] ["Out of work actress Eva , pays her way by working as a waitress at a diner in Manhattan's Lower East Side owned by Quint . She maks extra cash by making collections for her ex-husband, loan shark Al . The film also involves Eva's new boyfriend Zip , wanna-be actress Myrna ([[Lisa Marie , Al's girlfriend Simone , gangster Gascone , and Al's driver UB . Eva is ready to give up both the loan collecting and acting, dreaming of a suburban house with a picket-fence lifestyle with her son Augie . Al agrees to let her go, but needs her for just one more job, locating the missing $600,000 stolen from him by Flav . Al also plans to produce a stage production of David Mamet's American Buffalo, and he offers a role to UB if he will murder Zip."] [' Nick and Nora Charles return from vacation to their home in San Francisco on New Year\'s Eve, where Nora\'s stuffy family expect the couple to join them for a formal dinner. Nick is despised by Nora\'s Aunt Katherine, the family matriarch, as his immigrant heritage and experience as a "flat foot" are considered below Nora. The true reason for their invitation is that Nora\'s cousin Selma\'s ne\'er-do-well husband Robert has been missing. Nick is coerced into a little quiet detective work for the family. They easily find Robert at a Chinese nightclub, where he\'s been conducting an affair with Polly, the star performer. Robert tries to extort money from Selma\'s unrequited love, David Graham : $25,000 and Robert will leave Selma alone permanently. Unknown to Robert, Polly and the nightclub\'s owner, Dancer, plan to grift the money and dispose of him. After being paid off, and returning home for some clothes, Robert is shot at the stroke of midnight. David finds Selma standing over Robert and hurriedly disposes of her gun. Despite this, the police determine that she\'s the prime suspect, and her fragile mental state only strengthens the case. Selma insists that she never fired her gun, and Nick is now obliged to investigate and determine the true murderer. As suspects pile up, schemes and double-crosses are found and two more murders occur, including Polly\'s brutal brother. Lt. Abrams  readily accepts Nick\'s assistance. Nick follows a trail of clues that lead him to the apartment of a mysterious "Anderson". As in the previous film, the true murderer is the least likely suspect, betrayed by a trivial slip-up during a final interrogation and denouement featuring all the suspects. The case solved, and once again, traveling by train, Nora reveals to Nick that they are expecting a baby, although Nick has to be prodded into putting the "clues" together and she comments: "And you call yourself a detective."'] ['Chevy Chase once again plays the reporter Irwin M. "Fletch" Fletcher, who learns that he has inherited a plantation in Louisiana. Upon arriving, Fletch\'s aunt\'s lawyer is murdered, leaving Fletch to unravel the mystery. In order to catch the real killers and clear his name, Fletch dons a series of disguises and infiltrates the congregation of television evangelist Jimmy Lee Farnsworth , who the audience is led to believe wants to gain control of Fletch\'s land in order to build a Christian theme park. It is subsequently revealed that, in actuality, a chemical company wants the land so it can dump its toxic waste there. Fletch Lives was filmed in Louisiana.'] ["At the infamous club Shark City, successful roommates – real estate agent Dagen ([[David Phillips  and stock broker Kenny , are the popular guys who get all the girls. One night Dagen meets Samantha  who he begins to pursue, but as she rejects him time and time again, he begins to actually fall in love with her though she is the daughter of the very dangerous and powerful mob boss Ventura Ritt . As luck would have it, despite the declining housing market as reported by trusted news anchor Veronica Wolf , Dagen is able to sell a million dollar home to none other than Ventura Ritt, who is purchasing it for his daughter, whom Dagen admires. Meanwhile, after losing his job as a day-trader, his best friend Kenny, an amazing poker player, is in need of a new opportunity to make some cash. The two friends scheme a way to get Ventura Ritt to play in a poker game to earn their trust. Their plans succeed, and making some risky bets with help of his old secretary, Jen , Kenny starts to make Ventura a lot of money – so Ventura then trusts him with a million dollars. Big mistake. Kennyʼs luck changes, and in an attempt to make Ventura even more money, he loses every penny. After much work Dagen convinces Samantha that he is not the club scumbag she thinks he is, and they begin successfully dating until a girl from Dagenʼs past shows up unexpectedly and kisses him as Samantha sees, confirming her past fears about him. The remainder of the movie involves Dagen and Kenny trying to secure the money for the mob boss and for Dagen to regain Samantha's trust, and for the boys to discover each other's friendship again."] ['Nick Charles William Powell, a retired detective, and his wife Nora Myrna Loy are attempting to settle down when he\'s pulled back into service by a friend\'s disappearance and possible involvement in a murder. The friend, Clyde Wynant Edward Ellis , has mysteriously vanished just after his former girlfriend, Julia Wolf, was found dead. Wynant quickly becomes the prime suspect, but his daughter Dorothy Maureen O\'Sullivan can\'t believe he did it. She convinces Nick to take the case much to the amusement of his socialite wife. The detective stumbles off to find clues, and manages to piece things together through intensive investigation. The murderer is finally revealed in a classic dinner-party scene that features all of the suspects. A skeletonized body, found during the investigation, had been assumed to be that of a "fat man" due to its being found in clothing from a much heavier man. This clothing is revealed to be a diversion, and the identity of the body is finally revealed, on the basis of an old war wound to the leg, as that of a particular "thin man" instead— the missing Wynant. The murder has been disguised in a way to frame the dead Wynant, by people who have stolen a great deal of money from Wynant and killed him on the night he was last seen.'] ["Revealed shortly into the movie, Andrew Morenski  and two others, all stockbrokers, have managed to pass bogus bonds for a mobster awaiting trial. After one night at a bar, one of the stockbrokers is killed in his home. The next morning, the FBI take the other two into protective custody. Convincing his FBI hosts that he wants breakfast and out of the safe house, Andrew and his FBI bodyguards are followed by hitmen hired to eliminate them. One of the FBI bodyguards is killed in a diner, the other injured, and Andrew flees the scene. While running from the hitmen, he manages to board a train and temporarily escapes. Needing a safe place to hide, Andrew, under disguise, attempts to contact his cousin  and his aunt , arranging to meet the latter at the high school at which she works as a nurse. While sitting in the nurse's office, he impulsively opts to enroll, taking the name of Maxwell Hauser  and begin high school all over again. He pulls his cousin, Patrick, aside and reveals himself, eventually using Patrick's house to sleep in, unbeknownst to his aunt. Not willing to take adult teachers' attitude that he is merely a high school student, Andrew becomes a hero to those tired of the school's status quo upsetting Kevin O'Roarke , the current class president, and capturing the heart of Ryan Campbell . During an afternoon at the local diner, he accidentally drops a birthday card meant for his grandmother  and it gets mailed. Later, a hitman posing as an FBI agent contacts his grandmother and sees the card and its postmark, telling him where Andrew is hiding. One night, on the way back from a date with Ryan, Patrick stops Andrew from entering the house. FBI agents have arrived, knowing Andrew is close because of his use of an ATM card. Patrick steals his mother's keys and Andrew ends up using the high school as his refuge. He meets the school janitor, Ezzard, and shares a drink with him, revealing who he truly is. Andrew embraces the opportunity to run for class president, not knowing the election committee has already decided to rig the results in favor of Kevin. Bored with high school, Andrew decides to drop out. During the presentation of class election results, Kevin is announced the winner. However, Kevin demands a recount, which reveals that most want Andrew as President. As Morenski starts to address the crowd, a hitman begins firing at the stage. Ezzard, watching the proceedings, manages to dispose of one of the hitmen, while the other moves up into the rafters of the gym. Andrew chases him and a spotlight is used to blind the hitman. The hitman loses his grip and falls to the gym floor below as police sirens are heard. Images of graduation are spliced into images of Andrew taking the stand in a court against the mobster for whom he had sold the bogus bonds. After his testimony, Andrew is given a few minutes to say farewell to his grandmother before being placed in the Federal Witness Protection Program. The last scene is of Ryan, sitting under a tree at college. Andrew, now known as Eddie Collins, appears from behind the tree and tells her he has decided to become a teacher. Morenski is reunited with Ryan as the credits roll."] ["In 1939, a new radio network based at station WBN in Chicago, Illinois begins its inaugural night. The station's owner, General Walt Whalen, depends on his employees to impress main sponsor Bernie King. This includes writer Roger Henderson, assistant director Penny Henderson , page boy Billy Budget, engineer Max Applewhite, conductor Rick Rochester, announcer Dexter Morris, director Walt Whalen, Jr. and stage manager Herman Katzenback. After King commissions rewrites on the radio scripts, the WBN writers get angry, adding to the fact that they have not been paid in weeks. When Ruffles Reedy, a trumpet player, falls dead from rat poisoning, a series of events ensue. Director Walt Jr. is hanged , and his father, the General, has the Chicago Police Department  get involved to solve the murder mysteries as the nightly radio performance continues. Herman Katzenback is then killed after attempting to fix the main stage when the machinery malfunctions. Penny is appointed both stage manager and director due to Walt Jr. and Katzenback's deaths. Writer Roger Henderson tries to solve the killings, much to the annoyance of the police, led by Lieutenant Cross. Because Roger unfortunately appears at every scene of crime just as the murders take place, he is ruled as the prime suspect. Roger and Billy Budget then theorize that announcer Dexter Morris is the next to die. Dexter ignores their warning and is killed from electrocution. By going through private documents in WBN's file room, Roger finds that the victims all previously worked together at a radio station in Peoria, Illinois, which he then correlates into a secretive FCC scandal. King  and General Whalen  are the next to die after Roger's warning, causing even more suspicion from the police. After escaping from custody, Roger uses Billy to communicate and send scripts to Penny. When rewriting one of programs, Gork: Son of Fire, Roger attempts to write the script with self-reference events, proving to everyone that the mysterious killer is actually sound engineer Max Applewhite. Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stock holders and patents, specifically detailing his invention of television, which other scientists have copied. Roger and Penny are taken by Max atop the radio tower at gunpoint. Max is eventually killed when a biplane shows up and guns him down. Impressed by the nightly performance, the sponsors decide to fund WBN's career in broadcasting. Roger and Penny reconcile their complex relationship and decide not to divorce."] ["Leigh Ann  is a high school student who wants to achieve top grades to become valedictorian and leave the town. However, her grade in history class is threatened by her sadistic and thoroughly vindictive teacher, Mrs. Tingle . Mrs. Tingle has a special dislike for Leigh Ann and down-grades Leigh Ann's well-designed project. Fellow student Luke ([[Barry Watson  takes the final exam papers from Mrs. Tingle and makes a copy. He offers Leigh Ann the papers but she insists on refusing to cheat. Ultimately, Luke stashes the papers in Leigh Ann's backpack without her consent. Out of nowhere Mrs. Tingle happens by, discovers the papers in Leigh Ann's backpack, and threatens to expel her for cheating. Leigh Ann and her two friends, Luke and Jo Lynn , head to Mrs. Tingle's house that night and try to convince Mrs. Tingle that Leigh Ann is innocent. Mrs. Tingle, however, does not listen. Luke picks up a loaded crossbow and aims it at Mrs. Tingle, threatening her. A physical struggle ensues, the crossbow goes off, and in the ensuing melee Mrs. Tingle is accidentally knocked unconscious. The students panic and tie Mrs. Tingle to her bed. Regaining consciousness, Mrs. Tingle feigns dizziness and understanding for the prank, and asks to be untied, which Jo Lynn proceeds to do, upon which Mrs. Tingle immediately attacks Jo Lynn and tries to throttle her on the bed. Luke, with loaded crossbow aimed at Mrs. Tingle, convinces her otherwise, and she is retied to her bed. The next morning Jo Lynn calls the school and impersonates Mrs. Tingle calling in sick in order to buy the trio some time, but all are unsure of what they should do next. Mrs. Tingle eventually reveals that she hates Leigh Ann because Leigh Ann has, unlike herself, the potential to leave their small town and experience life. Mrs. Tingle's romantic self-revelations are incredulous, furthering her captors' disdain of her. Mrs. Tingle plays mind-games with Jo Lynn, planting seeds of jealousy about Leigh Ann's supposed relationship with Luke. Later, she also opines that Leigh Ann does not have the guts to do anything risky that might get her in trouble; in response, an angry and infuriated Leigh Ann kisses Luke and has sex downstairs with him on Mrs. Tingle's couch. Luke and Leigh Ann find Mrs. Tingle's history grade book, and with little persuasion from Luke , decides to cheat changing the Mrs. Tucker's grade book. Leigh Ann marks down her rival's, Trudie Tucker  top A-grade down to B, and upgrades her own C to an A+. The next day at school, Jo Lynn ignores Leigh Ann because she had a crush, which Leigh Ann had been aware of, on Luke. A regretful Leigh Ann tries to make amends with Jo Lynn, but an admission that she'd had sex with Luke further infuriates Jo Lynn because of Mrs. Tingle's seeds of jealousy. Leigh Ann, Luke, and Jo Lynn decide to blackmail Mrs. Tingle by producing photographic evidence of her love affair with the school's gym teacher, Richard Wenchell , called 'Spanky' by Mrs. Tingle. Before they can enact their plot, however, Mrs. Tingle escapes from her bonds and, using the loaded crossbow, once again threatens Leigh Ann. After a violent fight she appears to tumble to her death down the staircase, but quickly recovers, scrambles to her feet, and picks up a crossbow. She fires it wildly, trying to hit Leigh Ann. Trudie Tucker walks through the door, gets hit in the chest by the bolt, and appears to be dead just as Principal Potter  arrives to check up on Mrs. Tingle. Leigh Ann forces Mrs. Tingle to confess everything – that she wanted Leigh Ann to fail, and that she shot Trudie with the bolt, among other things. Meanwhile, Trudie has been protected by a thick textbook she was holding to her chest and is completely unharmed. Mrs. Tingle is fired for the attempted murder of a student, and the final scene of the film shows Leigh Ann being named valedictorian."] [" After years of pursuing drug dealer Cullen Crisp , Los Angeles Police Detective John Kimble  has him on a murder charge after Crisp shot and killed an informant who had given him information regarding the whereabouts of his ex-wife, Rachel Myatt Crisp, and his son Cullen Jr. However, the only witness, a drug-addicted girl named Cindy, the informant's girlfriend who was hidden at the time of the murder, is deemed too unreliable to put Crisp up for a permanent prison charge as she changes her mind about testifying, so Rachel Myatt has to be found and persuaded to testify. Kimble, accompanied by Detective Phoebe O'Hara , a former teacher, goes undercover in Astoria, Oregon, to find Crisp's ex-wife Rachel. It is believed that Rachel stole millions of dollars from Crisp before fleeing. The detectives plan to offer her a deal to testify against Cullen in exchange for immunity. O'Hara is to act as the substitute teacher in the son's kindergarten class at Astoria Elementary School, while Kimble is to discover the identity of the mother. Unfortunately, O'Hara, who is hypoglycemic, falls ill with a terrible case of stomach flu at the last moment, so Kimble takes the teacher's job. The school principal, Miss Schlowski , is suspicious, but Kimble adapts progressively to his new status even though he has no formal teaching experience. Using his pet ferret as a class mascot, his police training as a model for structure of the classes, and positive reinforcement, he becomes a much-admired and cherished figure to the children. In turn, Kimble begins to love his cover job and his young charges, to the point where he personally deals with a case of child abuse. He first speaks to the cowardly mother and tells her to warn her husband that he will press charges if he abuses their child again, and when the father takes no notice, Kimble assaults him in front of some students, finally winning Miss Schlowski's favor. One of Kimble's students is a boy named Dominic. Kimble becomes fond of Dominic's mother, Joyce Palmieri , who also works at the school. Joyce, like many other of the students' mothers, is estranged from her husband, so that she will not speak of him. This raises Kimble's suspicions. In a series of conversations with the gradually more trusting Joyce, Kimble slowly deduces that she has to be Rachel Crisp and that Dominic is Crisp's son. O'Hara has been posing as Kimble's sister and agrees with his deductions. Joyce reveals that she never stole any of Crisp's money: it was a lie he told to incite the underworld to find her for him. Meanwhile, back in California, Cindy dies after using spiked cocaine provided by Crisp's mother, Eleanor Crisp . The case against Crisp is dismissed because the prosecution has no other evidence. Crisp is freed from prison and he and his mother immediately head to Astoria, where they begin looking for the child using the information from the informant. They identify Crisp's ex-wife and Crisp starts a fire in the library at the school in order to grab his son in the chaos, but he is seen. Crisp takes his own son hostage when Kimble confronts him, but Crisp is bitten by the ferret  and Dominic wriggles free. Crisp shoots Kimble in the knee but Kimble shoots and kills Crisp before he can hurt Dominic. Meanwhile, noticing that O'Hara is trying to help Kimble apprehend her son, Eleanor knocks over O'Hara with her rental car. She ventures into the school, finds Kimble, and shoots him in the shoulder, but then discovers her dead son's body. Before she can shoot Kimble again and kill him, O'Hara arrives on the scene and knocks her unconscious with a baseball bat. Crisp's mother is arrested, while the unconscious Kimble  is hospitalized. During Kimble's recovery, O'Hara and her chef fiancé invite him to their wedding. After Kimble recovers, he decides to retire from the police force and returns to teaching at the school. The kids are very happy to see him, and Joyce comes into the classroom and kisses him in front of all of the kids."] ["Dirt Merchant  is a young man who struggles finding a job after getting fired from the mailroom at a record company where he dreamed of becoming assistant director. Eventually he becomes a summons server but gets in trouble when a rock star overdoses and he is framed for murdering him. He has to solve the case and deal with his feelings for his ex-girlfriend Angie  while also dealing with the rock star's porn star girlfriend ."] ['{{Expand section}} Doug Chesnic  is a Secret Service agent who takes great pride in his job, performing his duties with the utmost professionalism. However, his assignment for the last three years has been a severe test of his patience. Doug leads the team stationed in Ohio who protects Tess Carlisle , the widow of a former U.S. President, and who is well known for her diplomatic and philanthropic work, but Tess tends to regard Doug less as a security officer and more of a domestic servant, like her chauffeur, Earl , or her nurse, Frederick . Doug regards it as beneath his professional dignity to perform little chores around the house or bring Tess her breakfast in bed, but she orders him to do so, and he\'s in no position to say no. Sometimes, Tess even refuses to obey Doug\'s security instructions, eluding her own bodyguards, and anytime Doug argues with her, she contacts a close friend – the current President of the United States – to inform him of her displeasure. Doug\'s three-year hitch with Tess comes to an end, so he asks to be given a more exciting and challenging assignment. Tess has other ideas; she\'s decided that she likes working with Doug and demands that his assignment be made permanent. Doug does eventually get the excitement he craved, but in a way he could not foresee, when Tess gets kidnapped. Doug suspects Earl of being involved in the abduction and confronts him in his hospital room, where he claims he was rendered unconscious by the abductors. Doug threatens to shoot off Earl\'s toes, one by one, until he confesses his involvement and tells Doug and an FBI agent where Mrs. Carlisle is being held. Doug shoots off one of Earl\'s toes and, before he can shoot off another, Earl confesses his role and tells Doug that Mrs. Carlisle is being held captive by Earl\'s sister and her husband. The FBI and the Secret Service arrive at the location indicated by Earl, arrest the two kidnappers, and find Mrs. Carlisle buried, but alive, beneath the floor of the farmhouse. Mrs. Carlisle insists that her Secret Service detail accompany her to the hospital, forcing several high-ranking law enforcement officials to leave the rescue helicopter. Mrs. Carlisle is released from the hospital, but refuses to obey the hospital rule that patients must be discharged in a wheelchair. Doug tells her "Tess, get in the goddamn chair" and, after a brief pause, Tess complies, pats Doug\'s hand and says "Very good, Douglas."'] ['An Oxford poet is convinced to become manager of a country inn, after complaining about the food and service.'] ["The story involves a fake psychic, Blanche Tyler ([[Barbara Harris , and her con artist taxi driver boyfriend, George Lumley , who attempt to locate the nephew of a wealthy and guiltridden old woman, Julia Rainbird . Julia, one of Blanche's clients, was responsible for her now-deceased sister giving up a boy for adoption years earlier and now wants to make him her heir. She will pay $10,000 if he is found. However, the nephew and prospective heir is now a successful jeweler in San Francisco known as Arthur Adamson , who has a secret and lurid past, having apparently murdered his adoptive parents and faked his own death. He and his live-in girlfriend, Fran , have successfully kidnapped an assortment of millionaires and dignitaries, returning them when the ransom, in the form of a valuable gemstone, has been delivered, each of which they hide in their chandelier. They enlist Maloney , who assisted Arthur in the murder of his adoptive parents, to kill Blanche and George. However, Maloney's effort fails when he drives off a cliff while pursuing Blanche and George. When Arthur learns that Blanche and George are pursuing him, he suspects the worst, putting their lives in danger."] ['The film\'s premise is that Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character created by Dr. John Watson  to enable him to solve crimes incognito during a period when he was applying for a post at a reclusive medical practise. Although he failed to get the position, to satisfy public demand to see Holmes in person, he hires alcoholic unemployed actor Reginald Kincaid  to play him. "Holmes" and Watson put a stop to a museum robbery, with Watson doing most of the work, but the press only wants to hear from Holmes. When "Holmes" begins hogging the spotlight, a jealous Watson fires him, writes the character off, and tries to start a new series about "The Crime Doctor." However, he must call Holmes back when the British Government wants Holmes and no one else to solve a mystery involving Bank of England £5 banknote printing plates and a printing supervisor, Peter Giles, that went missing the night of the museum robbery. With these stolen, the collapse of the British Empire\'s economy would prove inevitable. Inspector Lestrade  is jealous of Holmes\' apparent sleuthing skills, and takes every opportunity to spy on Holmes and Watson and to steal their ideas. The path of clues leads them to team up with Peter Giles\' daughter, Leslie  and a twelve-year-old Irregular, Wiggins ([[Matt Savage . Just when Watson and "Holmes" discover that Professor Moriarty ([[Paul Freeman  is the mastermind behind the scheme, Watson is apparently killed in an attempt to capture Moriarty, forcing "Holmes" to solve the case on his own. Having tracked the villain to an abandoned theatre, "Holmes" discovers Watson still alive, the two working together to free Giles and defeat Moriarty, Kincaid demonstrating his sword-fighting skills in a duel with Moriarty. Presented with a new appreciation of each other\'s strengths, Watson turns down Kincaid\'s \'offer\' to retire, assuring the public that they will continue their detective work.'] ['The film tells the story of insurance investigator Roland Copping and how he interferes with and manipulates the lives of others with outrageous games and gimmicks. Eventually he becomes involved in an escalating vendetta with a couple who make an unusual insurance claim.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106963/{{Cite web}}'] ['A family man named Graham Marshall, a long-time executive in a large advertising company, is unexpectedly passed over for promotion. Marshall himself can live with it, but his nagging wife Leslie is devastated and continually reproaches her husband for his apparent lack of ambition and willpower. An unfortunate accident occurs in the subway, caused by Marshall, in which a panhandler is killed. It goes unnoticed, which gives him a whole new set of ideas as far as his future life is concerned. Deciding to take revenge on all the people who have caused him problems in his life, Marshall starts meticulously planning their violent deaths. This includes his wife, whom he eventually electrocutes, and his young rival at the office, Bob Benham. Marshall becomes much better acquainted with an office colleague, Stella Anderson. And when none of the murders is linked to him, Graham feels vindicated in his belief that killing off everyone who has harmed him is the right thing to do. He soon passes the point of no return.'] ['Elliot Slater  is a young, attractive, Australian professional photographer living in Southern California. Having always been uncomfortable with his sexual proclivities, which tend toward the BDSM realm, he signs up for a dominatrix-themed vacation on a private tropical island known as "Eden" in the hopes of working through his discomfort. Unbeknownst to him, prior to embarking on his journey of sexual discovery, he has unwittingly photographed an international jewel thief of whom no other photos exist. The jewel thief Omar ([[Stuart Wilson  and his criminal partner Nina ([[Iman  are intent on recovering the film in order to retain Omar\'s anonymity. They follow the photographer to the island resort run by the dominatrix Mistress Lisa , posing as vacationers. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, undercover police officers Fred  and Sheila  also arrive, Sheila in the guise of a vacationer and Fred as a handyman. Comedic antics ensue amid the activities of scantily clad guests and employees, acting out their dominant and submissive fantasies. In the course of Elliot\'s experiences as Mistress Lisa\'s personal submissive, including a scene where she ties him up and plays with his bare buttocks, the two begin to fall in love. The action comes to a climax on a quick trip to New Orleans, where Lisa reluctantly admits her feelings for Elliot, all the while tailed by Omar, who attempts to kill them. Fortunately, Fred and Sheila save the day, sending Omar and Nina to jail, and receive commendations for solving the case.'] ["Eddie  is trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables. Since he is a devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by taking a vow of celibacy. Sensing that her underling could use some fun, Eddie's boss -- known only as Middleman  -- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton . The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his homicidal line of work. In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates. Jason Alexander, Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran. Love and Action in Chicago premiered at the 1999 Toronto Film Festival."] ["While visiting a health studio in Beverly Hills, fashion model Jennifer Downing, the daughter of millionaire P.J. Downing, is kidnapped. Her father turns to a family friend, Eliot Draisen, who is president of the detective agency Crumb & Crumb, to investigate the case. Eliot is reluctant to supply P.J. with one of his capable detectives, because, as it turns out, Eliot himself is the organizer of the kidnapping. But to give the appearance of taking the investigation seriously, Eliot offers P.J. the services of Harry Crumb , the last descendant of the agency's founders. Eliot talks up Harry's detecting skills to persuade P.J. that he's the right man for the job, but he secretly knows that Harry is incompetent and counts on this fact to allow him to slip right through the detective's fingers. Crumb returns to Los Angeles  from an assignment in the firm's Tulsa branch office . He immediately begins his investigation, assisted by Jennifer's younger sister, Nikki, who is considerably smarter than he is. Crumb's tendency to mix fact with fantasy, however, does not prevent him from noticing that Nikki's stepmother, Helen Downing, is having an affair with her tennis coach Vince Barnes, and after several incidents and observations, Crumb comes to the conclusion that she is behind the kidnapping. Helen is also the object of affection of Eliot Draisen, but all she is interested in is money; to this end, she tries to get rid of her husband on several occasions and even does her best&nbsp;&ndash; along with Barnes&nbsp;&ndash; to get the ransom for herself. Despite several close calls, Draisen manages to outwit Crumb and the police. He escapes to the airport, from where he intends to depart to Buenos Aires. But he makes the mistake of informing Helen of his plans; she and Barnes take the money and leave him, tied up and gagged, in a utility room at the airport. Crumb and Nikki manage to trail the kidnapper to the airport, where the detective corners Helen and Barnes just as their plane prepares to take off. After Jennifer is freed, Crumb and the police find Draisen in the side room. Fed up with Crumb's dumb luck&nbsp;&ndash; and owing to a slight misunderstanding&nbsp;&ndash; Draisen confesses and is sent to prison. With the Downings' gratitude boosting his confidence, Crumb takes over as the new president of his family's business, where a new case immediately piques his personal attention."] ['Two hip nightclub owners from New York City, Travis  and Wendell  are drugged and kidnapped while on their way to opening a nightclub in rural Nebraska. The KGB spy Cameron Smith  takes them to the Soviet Union, as "experts" on the "American lifestyle" with the intention of teaching KGB agents to be hip like Americans - and under the influence of drugs they think they have arrived in "Nebraska" to open the nightclub. Travis and Wendell are relocated to the phony burg of "Indian Springs", Nebraska which is actually located in the southeastern edge of the USSR near the Sea of Japan populated by Russians who "speak and act American", and where KGB trainees go to practice, but is mired in the 1950s. The KGB spy Smith is in charge of the "typical American town" constructed in the middle of the Soviet Union for espionage-training purposes and hopes that his fellow agents will learn real US culture. But things get out of control when Travis and Wendell immediately begin indoctrinating their fellow "American" neighbors in all the guilty pleasures of Yankee hedonism, turn a tiki lounge into a rock club, teach the townsfolk to dance, and introduce current pop culture. Both also flirt with local beauties. Things get dangerous when the townsfolk taste freedom, and the KGB decides to stop the experiment and get rid of the American "guests".'] ["José Luis Torrente is a lazy, rude, drunkard, sexist, racist, extreme-right-wing Madrid cop who lives in a decrepit apartment in a slum neighbourhood with his wheelchair bound father, whose disability checks are Torrente's only real income. One day, a new family of neighbours which owns and operates a fish store moves into the apartment below Torrente's and he becomes attracted to the young, nymphomaniac niece of the family, Amparo. In order to get close to her, he befriends her nerdy weapon enthusiast cousin, Rafi, by taking him to target practice and on his nightly patrol rounds through the neighbourhood. During their patrols, Torrente begins to suspect that criminal activity is occurring in the new local Chinese restaurant. His suspicions are confirmed when his father accidentally overdoses after eating a stolen food roll which was filled with packets of heroin. Torrente decides to crack the drug ring in order to regain his former status within the Police Force. Simultaneously, Torrente successfully attempts to seduce Amparo, who has sex with him after his father's overdose. Amparo's aunt, Reme, misreads her relationship with Torrente and believes that they are engaged. Torrente and Rafi sneak into the restaurant at night and witness El Francés, the underboss of the drug trafficking outfit run by a mobster named Mendoza, torturing and executing a delivery boy named Wang, who had lost a shipment of the heroin  and they overhear that the outfit will soon be receiving a major drug shipment from a mobster known as Farelli. The pair accidentally make their presence known and flee the restaurant on Rafi's fish delivery van while being chased by armed delivery boys. Torrente enlists the help of Rafi's equally nerdy friends: Malaguita, a martial artist, Bombilla, an electronics expert, and Toneti, a James Bond aficionado. The crew picks up Torrente's father from the hospital  and then prepare a reconaisance mission to discover the location of the drug deal. Toneti goes to the chinese restaurant while wearing a wire but quickly blows his cover and winds up revealing Torrente's name to El Francés before trying to escape through a window and falling to his death. El Francés and some of his goons raid Torrente's apartment but are attacked by Torrente's father, who wields a taser and some pliers, before the father suffers a heart attack and plummets down a flight of stairs. Nonetheless, they kidnap Amparo when she arrived to the apartment looking for Torrente. After discovering his father's death and Amparo's kidnapping, Torrente becomes despondent but soon after Lio-Chii, Wang's girlfriend and a waitress at the chinese restaurant who had once waited on a drunken Torrente, arrives and reveals the location of the drug deal, claiming she wants revenge for her boyfriend's death. Torrente, Rafi, Malaguita, Bombilla, Lio-Chii and Torrente's friend and informant Carlitos head over to the drug deal on an old warehouse outside town. The crew plan a very complex plot to bring down the deal and take the 50,000 pesetas that Mendoza brought but the plan goes raw from the start when Bombita accidentally blows himself and Farelli up with a bomb he'd set up as a distraction. Farelli's men and Mendoza's men begin shooting at each other and in the aftermath, most of the mobsters as well as Carlitos and Malaguita end up dead. Torrente guns down El Francés and ends up getting shot in the stomach himself, while Rafi goes to rescue Amparo . Rafi gets cornered by Mendoza but he's rescued when Lio-Chii shoots him in the back. In the aftermath of the shootout, Rafi gets congratulated by police commissioner Cayetano for helping in bringing down one of the most vicious local drug rings and he begins a relationship with Lio-Chii. Torrente gets taken away on an ambulance for his wounds. Cayetano sweeps the scene and discovers that the money is gone. In the ambulance speeding away, Torrente bribes the ambulance drivers and flees to Torremolinos with the 50,000 pesetas the he managed to swipe while no one was watching."] ["The film is set in Manhattan, New York City. The plot concerns the efforts of a woman  and her lover  to find the murderer of her husband before they are accused of it themselves. The story's climax occurs at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Reginald Rose's screenplay was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award."] ['Teresa "Terry" Doolittle  transfers funds for the First National Bank in Manhattan, New York. She does not quite fit with the bank\'s corporate image, despite being a good employee and popular with her coworkers. However, she is often chastised by her no-nonsense boss James Page . Set against the backdrop of the pre-Glasnost Cold War, Terry is contacted by a man calling himself "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" who turns out to be a British Intelligence agent in Eastern Europe that is being pursued by the KGB. After being given a riddle for his password, Terry determines the password to be B-flat, after the key in which "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" is supposedly written . Jack sends her to the British Consulate to deliver the message "Dog\'s barking, can\'t fly without umbrella" to Department C. Despite feeling ludicrous, Terry delivers the message to Jeremy Talbot ([[John Wood  who is apparently puzzled and sends Terry away, telling her there is no Department C. Jack then asks her to enter his apartment in New York to retrieve a frying pan, on which are Jack\'s CIA contacts to acquire a passport. Meanwhile, Marty Phillips  arrives at First National Bank as a new coworker and, unbeknownst to her, Terry is being watched. A computer technician  shows up at the bank to repair her terminal, but when Terry calls Sperry Corporation to confirm his identity, the technician vanishes. As she enters a taxi upon leaving Jack\'s apartment, she is frightened to find him as the driver . His plans to abduct her fail when she knocks him out with the frying pan and flees the cab. Using the contacts on the frying pan, Terry attempts unsuccessfully to contact Peter Caen, but does reach Mark Van Meter , who meets her at the docks. After being stunned to realize Terry is a civilian and has no relationship at all with the intelligence community, Van Meter notices they are being watched and pushes Terry off the docks and into the East River to save her life, but is shot and killed himself. The police dismiss Terry\'s claim of the murder and Marty comes to the station and takes her home. Jack then tells her how to break into the British Consulate central computer. Conning her way in under the guise of an entertainer, she manages to enter the mainframe, but Talbot deactivates the computer link before Jack receives a contact. Going through one of Jack\'s romantic contacts, Lady Sarah Billings , Terry is rebuffed and then captured by the KGB, who lock her in a phone booth and drag her around the city. After escaping when the booth is knocked over, Terry is injected with truth serum by the computer tech, this time posing as a police officer, but escapes after trapping his arm in a car window and rolling the car into traffic. In a drug-induced haze, Terry again contacts Sarah and makes an impassioned plea for her help. Sarah tells Terry she would rather let Jack be killed than risk losing face. A disgusted Terry chastises Sarah for her indifference to Jack\'s plight and walks out. She then stumbles into work and after embarrassing Mr. Page by yanking off his fake hairpiece in front of the entire office, passes out. Terry awakens at home and is dropped in on by Sarah who has had a change of heart and gives her a contact. After passing the contact to Jack, she is again captured by the KGB and learns that Talbot is a KGB mole and the contact he provided  is a setup to kill Jack. After nearly being tortured with a power sander, Terry escapes and is caught by police. After realizing the police are arresting her rather than protecting her, Terry escapes. She rushes to the bank to warn Jack, but is again ambushed by the KGB and Talbot. After struggling with the KGB and biting Talbot\'s groin, she confirms to Jack that the contact will kill him. A gun-wielding Marty kills the last of Talbot\'s henchmen, identifies himself as Peter Caen, and gives Jack the correct contact. After initially not showing up at a restaurant where he and Terry plan to meet, Jack  appears in her office to thank her personally by taking her out to dinner.'] ["Daryl Zero , is the world's greatest detective, but is also a socially maladroit misanthrope. Among his quirks is that he never meets or has direct contact with his clients, instead conducting business through his assistant, lawyer Steve Arlo . He also subsists on cans of tuna fish. Through the movie, Zero provides narration as he reads lines from his proposed autobiography. Zero and Arlo are hired by Portland area millionaire Gregory Stark . Stark has lost the key to a safety deposit box and is being blackmailed by an unknown person who forces him to go through elaborate instructions to reach a drop off point. Zero quickly discovers that the blackmailer is Gloria Sullivan  an EMT with a mysterious past. Zero refuses to turn over Gloria's identity to Stark until he understands why she is blackmailing him. Making contact with Gloria, Zero discovers that he is attracted to her, compromising his trademark objectivity. Meanwhile Stark pressures Arlo to reveal the blackmailer's identity so that he can have that person killed. Arlo must also deal with Zero's quirky and unusual demands on his time, demands that increasingly conflict with Arlo's desire for a relationship with his girlfriend Jess. Zero eventually discovers that Stark had been obsessed with Gloria's mother when the two were in college. She threatened to reveal that Stark had raped her and so he had her killed. However, she had already given birth to their daughter Gloria, who was discovered and raised by the hitman after the murder. At a final meeting to deliver a ransom payment, Stark collapses from a heart attack and is saved by Gloria. At Zero's insistence she then flees the country."] ['A charity benefit sponsored by David Thayer is staged aboard the S.S. Fortune, Phil Brant\'s gambling ship. The entertainment is provided by a jazz band led by Tommy Drake and featuring singer Fran Page and talented but unstable clarinetist Buddy Hollis. After a set, Drake informs a displeased Brant that he is quitting, having gotten a much better booking through Mitchell Talbin. However, Drake has a problem; he owes gangster Al Amboy $12,000. When Amboy  hears the news, he demands full payment that very night. Drake begs Talbin to give him an advance, but Talbin is unwilling to part with such a large sum. In desperation, Drake sneaks into Brant\'s office and opens the safe. However, he is shot from behind and killed. Brant and socialite Janet Thayer elope, since her father David disapproves of Brant\'s lower class background. The next morning, they show up at Nick and Nora Charles\'s apartment, having learned that Brant is the prime suspect in the murder. When a bullet narrowly misses Brant, Nick turns him in to the police, having decided it is safer for all concerned. Then Nick starts investigating. Sneaking aboard the Fortune, Nick discovers on the back side of a sheet of music a receipt signed by Amboy acknowledging that Drake\'s debt had been paid. Nick then runs into Drake\'s band, allowed back on board to collect their instruments. When he questions them, he learns that the bandleader had many enemies, among them Buddy Hollis. Musician Clarence "Clinker" Krause agrees to help Nick track Buddy down, but they have no luck. Nick and Nora visit a hostile Janet. The bullet that killed Drake likely came from an antique gun, and Nick knows Janet\'s father is an avid collector. Sure enough, he finds one gun missing from Mr. Thayer\'s collection. Janet leaves after getting a telephone call. Nick and Nora follow her to Fran\'s apartment. There they find Fran\'s body; she was stabbed in the back very recently. Janet claims Fran called to sell her some information, but that she got there after Fran was killed. Nick finds a matchbook from a hotel in Poughkeepsie. That eventually leads him to a rest home where Buddy is undergoing treatment. The musician is too badly shaken up to answer Nick\'s questions, though Nora\'s presence seems to calm him down. When Nora sneaks back later by herself, Buddy becomes agitated, confesses to the murder, pulls out a gun, and tries to shoot Nora. Fortunately, he misses. Nick does not believe the deranged man\'s confession; Drake was slain by a well-aimed shot. Nick decides to gather all the suspects together by arranging a party on the reopened Fortune and announcing that Buddy has fully recovered and will reveal the real murderer\'s identity that night. It is Nora who notices the vital clue. Amboy\'s wife shows up wearing a valuable necklace that matches the earrings of Mitchell Talbin\'s wife Phyllis. Sometime later, the necklace mysteriously reappears on Phyllis\'s neck. When Nick confronts Mitchell, Phyllis reveals that it was she who paid off her lover Drake\'s debt using the necklace. As Nick prompts Buddy to finger the killer, Mitchell finally confesses to both killings and pulls out a gun. An enraged Phyllis shoots him first, but her husband is only wounded. Then, despite Nick\'s pleas, she fires again and again, finishing the job.'] ['The films opens on an old abandoned house and our leading character, Marie Morgan . As she sits down at the banquet table inside, she thinks back to the banquet that was held there 13 years before. A banquet set for 13 guests. However the 13th guest to this banquet never arrived. Now, 13 years later, the 12 attending guests are being murdered and set once again at the banquet table.'] ['British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her husband, Charlie. She returns home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie, only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that her husband has been murdered. Regina is soon reunited with a mysterious stranger she met on her holiday. He helps her piece together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three menacing people who are now following her.'] 