["Matko Destanov, a small-time Roma smuggler and profiteer, is living with his teenage son Zare in a ramshackle house by the Danube River in eastern Serbia near the Bulgarian border. He has plans to acquire a whole train of smuggled fuel, which he finds at cut-price. To obtain a loan that would subsidize the heist, he visits Grga Pitić, a wheelchair-using old gangster, who's an old friend of Zarije Destanov, Matko's father and Zare's grandfather. Matko then plots the details of the job with an ally named Dadan, a rich, fun-living, drug-snorting gangster who has a harem, juggles grenades, and cheats at gambling. However, Dadan double-crosses him and glitches up the deal by giving Matko a drink that is drugged, and carrying out the job while Matko is unconscious, which means that Matko owes Dadan a great deal of cash. Matko cannot afford to pay, so Dadan makes a deal whereby he would forgive the debt, thereby wiping the slate clean, if Zare and Afrodita, Dadan's midget sister whom he desperately wants to marry off, get married. However, Zare is in love with Ida, a barmaid who works in an establishment run by her Roma grandmother Sujka, and Afrodita is waiting for the man of her dreams. Dadan coerces Afrodita into marrying by dunking her in a well, while Zare first learns of the scheme to marry him off from Ida, who has overheard Dadan and Matko plotting it in the restaurant where she works. Meanwhile, Zare retrieves Zarije from the hospital where he is being kept, with the aid of a gypsy band. Grga Pitić is having problems of his own, as he wants his grandsons, including six-foot plus giant Grga Veliki, to get married. The two reluctantly endure the wedding ceremony held at Matko's house, which Dadan refuses to postpone after the sudden apparent death of Zarije. They were not supposed to have a wedding while in mourning, but Dadan decides to delay the death announcement, so Matko and Zare hide Zarije's body in the attic, packed in ice. Zare is dismayed, since he wants to leave the place, and had hoped that the required mourning period for his beloved grandfather would give him the opportunity to get away, and thus avoid being married off against his will. Ida and Sujka provide the catering for the wedding, and Ida is upset at seeing her beloved married off to someone else. By contrast, Dadan is really enjoying himself, whether dancing to gypsy band music, bouncing on the bed with his harem, and juggling grenades. However, the bride runs away mid-ceremony, pursued by Dadan, Matko and Dadan's criminal cronies. Meanwhile, Grga Veliki is driving his father and brother to Matko's house so that they may visit Zarije's grave . The fleeing bride then stumbles across Grga Veliki, and he stops the truck when he sees her crossing the road; he is willing to protect her from her villainous brother, and the couple fall instantly in love. Grga Pitić arrives on the scene, after his wheelchair had fallen out the back of the truck and rolled downhill, and he is delighted that Grga Veliki has found his mate. The old gangster forces Dadan, who had once worked for him, to accept the match. The groom meanwhile conspires with Sujka and Ida to bring Dadan down a peg, and rigs the outhouse so that the seat will come apart. While the preparations for the wedding ceremony of Afrodita and Grga Veliki are being conducted, Matko and Dadan pass the time by playing dice, with Dadan cheating. Sujka comes in during the game, and serves the unsuspecting Dadan a drink spiked with something that would give him diarrhea. Furthermore, Grga Pitić apparently dies, and Dadan and Matko hide his body in the attic, where Zarije's body is also hidden. However, the two corpses soon both come back to life; they were not dead after all. They are surprised to find themselves together, as they had not seen each other for 25 years and each had thought the other was dead. During the ceremony, Dadan starts to feel uncomfortable and rushes into the outhouse ... and falls into the manure. His harem and cronies desert him, and as he tries to clean himself off on a goose, only Matko remains loyal, and he provides Dadan with a shower from the garden hose. Zare meanwhile grabs the wedding official at gunpoint and orders him to solemnize his marriage with his sweetheart, Ida, and the two sail off together on a riverboat set for Bulgaria with a fistful of cash stashed in his grandfather's accordion, the blessing of their respective grandparents and, as witnesses, a black cat and a white cat."] ["The film is based on Raj ([[Govinda  who has a girlfriend, supermodel Dolly , and a wife, Kiran . Raj fires Mangu , a cook, because he does not like him. To take revenge, Mangu takes a picture of Raj with Dolly and gives it to Kiran. Kiran gets suspicious but then Raj says that Dolly is not his girlfriend. He says that there are three people in the picture, Raj, Dolly and Govardhan . Raj tells Kiran that the guy, who came into the picture as he was walking by, is Dolly's boyfriend and tells Govardhan to live with Dolly for a couple of days so Kiran's suspicions will go away. Govardhan gets really troubled when Dolly's ex-boyfriend Diesel  shows up and threatens Govardhan that, when he finds out who Dolly's boyfriend is, Diesel will beat him up. Meanwhile, Kiran has a detective  follow Dolly and Govardhan. The twist in the story comes when Kiran tells Raj that she is going to Puna to meet her mom, when she's actually making a plan with the detective to catch Dolly and Raj red-handed. As soon as Kiran leaves, Raj calls and books the presidential suite at a hotel for Dolly and him, just like Kiran expected. While Dolly and Raj are enjoying themselves, Kiran's detective starts his job. But he gets crushed by the window as he is trying to climb into Raj and Dolly's room. When Raj and Dolly notice, they call Govardhan to help get rid of the body because they think he is dead. Just as Govardhan shows up, so does Dolly's ex, Diesel. While trying to get rid of the body, Raj's ex-cook, Mangu, shows up . The story takes a twist when they discover that the detective is alive. Lucky for them, he has lost him memory from the fall he suffered. Raj tells him he is John Matthews and he is married. Dolly tells him he is John Matthews and divorced. Govardhan tells him he is John Matthews, still a bachelor. Mangu tells him he is his friend and that he has a memory problem; under this pretense, he takes his watch and necklace saying that he forgot that Mangu actually gave it to him. Diesel runs into Govardhan and is about to beat him up when he tells him that Raj is her boyfriend. When Diesel runs into Raj, he tells him Govardhan is Dolly's boyfriend. Govardhan finds Dolly and tells her that instead of lying about love, she should be with the one who really loves her, Diesel. Dolly agrees and hugs Govardhan telling him he is a good guy. Unfortunately, Diesel mistakes the situation and starts to beat up Govardhan. Dolly saves Govardhan by telling Diesel that Govardhan convinced her to go back to him. Dolly leaves with Diesel. Govardhan goes back to his sick mother in the hospital.  He agrees to marry the woman of his mother's choice, Mala  the nurse taking care of her. And Raj convinces Kiran that nothing is going on and they go home as well. In the midst of all this, the detective gets his memory back and goes to Kiran with the proof of her husband's infidelity. As he gets there, Kiran and Raj are about to leave for a second honeymoon. When the detective sees the love between Kiran and Raj, he loses hope and throws the camera with the proof of Raj and Dolly's affair. The camera lands on Kiran's foot, and she sees the pictures. The story ends with Raj crying and living all alone."] ['The film stars Rémy Girard and Pauline Lapointe as Léo and Ginette Lespérance, a married couple who, after facing one too many Montreal winters, move their family to Fort Lauderdale, where they buy a motel catering to "snowbirds". However, their new business runs afoul of "Big Daddy" , an established motel operator and local crime boss, who makes it his mission to drive the Lespérances out of business. The Lespérances may, however, have an ally in Jay Lamori , a local businessman of uncertain motives who may or may not be what he seems.'] ['{{plot}} Robert "Rob" Douglas is in prison. According to a local news report there has been a law- California\'s three strikes law, which will put three time offenders in prison for a minimum of twenty-five years. Rob is currently finishing his second bid in prison. It is his last day in jail. Rob calls his friend Tone to pick him up from jail but Tone gets caught up with a woman he just met and asks J.J. to pick up Rob. Rob is picked up by J.J. and just as Rob tells him he never plans to go back to prison, cops pull the two over and J.J. shoots the cops. J.J. tells Rob that the car was stolen and Rob trying to elude his third strike escapes from the scene and hides at his girlfriend, Juanita’s house. J.J. is wounded and detained by the police. Rob learns that the police is still searching for him and that he is on the most wanted list. Detective Jenkins is investigating the case and searching for Rob. J.J. is restricted to a hospital bed due to his injuries. He calls his friend Blue, and tells him that when the police come and question him about the shootout, he is going to put the blame on Rob. Rob runs into his old friend Mike who helps him with some money. Rob and Juanita meet at a hotel while Detective Jenkins stops at Rob\'s home to try to find him that night. The next morning, Rob’s mother tells him the police have been looking for him, and some girl named Dahlia called saying she had some information that could keep him out of jail. Dahlia tells Rob to come to her place for a tape that could get him out of the situation he\'s in. Rob asks Mike to get him a good lawyer and leaves for Dahlia’s home. Dahlia tells Rob that she will give him the taped conversation between J.J. and Blue her son about the shootout if she can have her way with him. Blue tells Tone that Rob is at his house and Tone and his crew go to get him. The cops land up there as well. After a chase, Rob gives himself up at a church where Mike has brought a Lawyer. Sometime later, in the final verdict, though Rob does not receive his third strike, he is sentenced to 30 days in jail for violating his parole. Rob\'s father tells him he will pick him up from jail himself when he gets out the next time. The film\'s epilogue states that Rob is eventually released from prison early due to overcrowding.'] ['Peter "Junior" Potter  has graduated from Harvard and now heads west to the town of Sawbuck Pass to claim his Daddy\'s fortune. When he gets there, Junior discovers to his horror that practically everyone in town claims to be owed a debt and that his father\'s treasure chest is empty. Junior stalls the townfolk for as long as he can. He makes the acquaintance of a singing cowboy named Roy  and a sexy saloon performer with the masculine name of Mike , who has to fend off Junior\'s persistent advances. A mysterious masked bandit known only as "The Torch" has been leading midnight raids, meanwhile. What the wise-cracking, clueless Junior doesn\'t know is that the object of his affections, Mike, is in fact The Torch, and that Roy is a government agent with a Smith and Wesson Model 320 Revolving Rifle hidden in his guitar case, bent on capturing her.'] ["Jerry  and Nick  are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom. After Nick runs into a friend who has married a beautiful, younger girl he met on a singles cruise, he decides to take a similar cruise with Jerry. Things do not go as planned though, after a vengeful travel agent books them on a cruise for gay men. During their trip, they come to learn that gay men are less objectionable than they first assumed. However, Jerry falls in love with the cruise's dance instructor Gabriella  and in order to win her over, he pretends to be gay so he can get closer to her. Meanwhile, Nick blossoms a romance with a bikini model named Inga . After an accidental affair with her mean, sex-obsessed coach Sonya , Nick must fend off Sonya who has fallen in love with him as well. In the end, Jerry wins Gabriella while Nick loses out on Inga but sees a potential relationship with her sister instead. However, he is then unwittingly  reunited with Sonya; much to his dismay and her arousal."] ['Hal Larson  is a superficial man whose fixation on the physical beauty of women gets in the way of seeing them for their inner beauty. Hal and his equally shallow friend, Mauricio Wilson , spend their nights obnoxiously hitting on beautiful women at nightclubs. By a twist of fate, Hal becomes trapped in an elevator with famous American life coach Tony Robbins, who after talking with Hal, hypnotizes him into only seeing physical manifestations of a person\'s inner beauty. Hal is unaware he\'s been hypnotized, and later meets and is smitten by Rosemary Shanahan , the daughter of Steve Shanahan , the President of Hal\'s company. Rosemary is very fat, but Hal sees her as a slender and beautiful trophy blonde because of her kind and generous personality. Used to being overlooked by men due to her appearance, Rosemary initially interprets Hal’s interest in her as mocking, but begins to date Hal when she realizes his feelings for her are authentic. Mauricio becomes increasingly worried about Hal\'s new taste in women and convinces Robbins to give him the trigger phrase to undo the hypnosis. Mauricio phones Hal while Hal is on a date with Rosemary and says the trigger phrase, "Shallow Hal wants a gal", which serves to break Hal\'s hypnosis. Mauricio confesses to Hal the truth about Robbins\' hypnotherapy, but Hal does not believe this until he runs into Katrina , a woman who initially appeared beautiful to him due to her internal beauty, but whom Hal now sees in her true, unattractive state. Hal begins to avoid Rosemary, who in turn becomes melancholic without him around. Distraught that he has not been seeing the "real" Rosemary, Hal accepts a dinner invitation from his neighbour, Jill, with whom he once had an unsuccessful date. The two dine together and Jill tells Hal that she has observed him overcoming his shallow nature and that she is interested in dating him now. However, Hal realizes that his true feelings are for Rosemary, who has coincidentally arrived at the same restaurant with her family and sees Hal and Jill seated together. Assuming the worst, Rosemary leaves in tears. Not recognizing Rosemary, Hal walks right by her on his way to the pay phone, ironically to reaffirm her of his feelings. Confused and distraught, Rosemary calls Hal a "psycho" over the phone and effectively breaks up with him. Five days later, Steve chastises Hal and coldly informs him that Rosemary’s Peace Corps partner wants to be in a relationship with her again. Hal attempts to find Rosemary, but instead encounters a young patient named Cadence at the hospital where Rosemary volunteers. Previously, due to Robbins’ hypnosis, Hal saw Cadence as a perfect little girl; he now sees that there are severe burns all over Cadence’s face. Hal then realizes that he doesn’t need hypnosis to see people’s true inner beauty. Rosemary decides to leave the country to rejoin the Peace Corps. Hal, during his search for Rosemary, finds that Mauricio had his own reason for stopping Hal\'s hypnosis: He has a vestigial tail, his shame over which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman. Mauricio confesses that he was jealous of Hal\'s happiness and is afraid of starting relationships with women. Hal makes up with Mauricio and decides to try to reconcile with Rosemary. Hal arrives at the Shanahan mansion, where a bon voyage party for Rosemary is underway. Rosemary initially rebuffs Hal\'s presence, but then accepts his apology when Hal professes his love for her. Rosemary then informs Hal that she is still leaving on her Peace Corps mission, at which point Hal says that he is coming too, having just been sworn-in to the Peace Corps. Hal and Rosemary reconcile and are cheered by the crowd as they kiss. He tries to carry her bridal-style to the car, but finds he can’t lift her, so she carries him to the car instead. As they drive off, Mauricio meets a woman who loves dogs and the two walk off together as he wags his "tail".'] ['Three prisoners escape from a chain gang, and two of them, Wayne and Harry  run away to Happy, Texas, where they pose as the gay organizers of a beauty pageant. They put on a show with the small girls of the town while hiding from the law and waiting for the opportunity to rob the local bank. Their scheme is complicated by the fact that the local sheriff  is gay, and, believing that Wayne and Harry are also gay, he is attracted to Harry.'] ['The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King , an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming...nymphomaniac" landlady . He\'s just finished his sixth year playing "The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring  Ron Anderson . called Elephant! which features a song called “He’s Packing His Trunk” and a finale which ends with the lyric "Somewhere up in heaven there\'s an angel with big ears!" During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star . On the new musical\'s opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant! just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back. With Ron\'s involuntary help , Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward. Kate agrees to give him another chance.'] ['A young lady  about to get married realizes that she has a problem: she fantasizes about every man she sees. She goes to confess at church but unknowingly confesses to a young man  who is not a priest. He agrees to help her, but falls in love with her along the way. Unfortunately she still thinks he is a priest.'] ['Respected anthropologist James Krippendorf  and his wife, Jennifer ([[Barbara Williams , bring their three children along during their much-enjoyed search in New Guinea for a lost tribe. The search fails, despite the family\'s best efforts. After Jennifer\'s death back in the U.S., James falls into academic stagnation, having spent all his foundation grant money raising the children as a single parent. Scheduled to lecture at a college and fearful of being charged with misuse of grant funds, James concocts an imaginary tribe, the Shelmikedmu, using the names of his children as a basis. He later fakes a 16&nbsp;mm "documentary" film, casting his children as tribe members and superimposing footage of a legitimate New Guinean tribe so as to enhance the illusion. Anthropologist Veronica Micelli  contacts cable-TV producer Henry Spivey , forcing James to continue creating fraudulent footage as James\' rival Ruth Allen  becomes suspicious. Because he has described a culture unlike any other, Krippendorf\'s fraud becomes increasingly famous. James himself masquerades as a tribal elder, while his two sons, Mickey ([[Gregory Smith  and Edmund , create and enact increasingly imaginative rituals. Only the eldest child, James\' daughter Shelly, refuses to participate due to her disgust at the dishonesty perpetrated by her father. Taking advantage of her curiosity, James tricks Veronica into participating in his false documentary. When she discovers the truth, she is initially angry, but later helps James continue his fraud. Ruth Allen travels to New Guinea, discovering no tribe in the location specified by James. She transmits the news via fax to a colleague, who exposes James at a gala. James\' imaginative son, Mickey, improvises a lie, that the Shelmikedmu hide by means of a magical ritual known only to them. Unknown to the majority of the characters, Shelly has contacted the New Guineans befriended by her family during the futile search for the lost tribe, urging them to masquerade as the Shelmikedmu in order to disappoint Ruth Allen. The ruse succeeds, and the accusation of fraud is abandoned. James, relieved of his worries, ends his fraud. Because Veronica has become sexually involved with him during her participation in his deceit, she assumes the role of a mother toward the children, though she is not explicitly said to marry James.'] ["On the first anniversary of his mother's death, Jacobo , the owner of a small and struggling sock factory, asks one of his attentive employees, Marta , to spend a few days at his home pretending to be his wife because his brother, Herman , is arriving for a visit. Jacobo and Marta's lives are very dull and repetitious. It takes some time to realize that Jacobo asks Marta because he has no one else to ask. Why Marta agrees is another matter. Jacobo is aware that his brother has become more successful since moving away and possibly resents the time that he had to devote to nursing their dying mother, rather than working on his own business. Herman's visit is initially an uneasy time for the two brothers who clearly have little in common, however, shortly before he is due to return home, Herman asks Jacobo and Marta to accompany him on a visit to a resort where they spent time as children with their parents. Marta is keen to go and Jacobo reluctantly agrees. During the holiday Marta and Herman become closer and the suggestion develops that they may actually have feelings for each other. Jacobo remains cold and unemotional towards both the other characters and seems keen for the experience to end. Just before he is due to go home Herman gives Jacobo a sum of money as compensation for the time that he lost by having to care for their mother. Jacobo is initially unwilling to accept it, but takes the money after witnessing Herman sing a love song towards Marta in a Karaoke restaurant that the three visit. Later that night Jacobo goes alone to a casino, placing all the money on Black 24 in a game of roulette and wins. He keeps some of the money, but wraps the larger part up as a present. As they say goodbye to Herman, Marta presses a note into his hand telling him to read it on the plane. When they get back home, Jacobo calls a taxi for Marta and gives her the cash present which she is last seen holding in the back of the cab. The following morning she does not turn up for work, although Jacobo goes through the same routine as always."] ["The chief of the French secret service, Louis Toulouse, in a plot to discredit his second in command, Bernard Milan , sends his assistant, Perrache, to choose at random someone from the crowd of travelers arriving at the Orly airport, having made Milan believe that Perrache has gone to meet a master spy who will expose Milan's treachery. Perrache happens to select François Perrin, an unsuspecting violinist, who is noticeable because as the result of a practical joke he has arrived wearing a black shoe on one foot and a reddish-brown one on the other. Milan takes the bait and immediately begins a series of attempts to find out what Perrin knows—blind to the fact that Perrin knows nothing at all about espionage, although he is an expert on music. Milan's machinations involve Perrin in a series of increasingly peculiar adventures, and although he is largely oblivious to the mayhem Milan causes to occur around him, he can't help noticing the beautiful femme fatale, Christine. In a startling scene, she greets him at her door in a demure high-necked black-velvet dress, then turns around and shows that the dress is backless, displaying discreet buttock cleavage.  A slapstick love scene ensues, followed by more mayhem and treachery, leading to the death of several secret-service thugs and the downfall of Milan. Toulouse watches the chaos serenely. The film ends, as it had begun, at Orly. Perrin is pushing a huge Louis Vuitton steamer trunk in an airport luggage cart, talking softly to it.  Their destination is Rio."] ["Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his Taiwanese parents are eager to see him get married and have a child. The early part of the film is madcap comedy. When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands. Chinese opera singers are always men, so they demand an opera singer and add that she must be very tall, must have two PhD's and should speak five languages. The service actually locates a 1.75 m  Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship . At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to get married to one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card. Besides helping out Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gao decide to fly in from Taiwan, bringing US$30,000 to hold a magnificent wedding ceremony for their son. Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father has just recovered from a stroke; they go through with the wedding. However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama. The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet. After the banquet, Wei-Wei seduces the drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate. In a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father. The perceptive Mr. Gao sees more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well. Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship, but Mr. Gao makes him promise not to tell anyone; without everyone trying to lie to him, he points out, he'd never have gotten a grandchild. After making an appointment to have an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's other father. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, Mrs. Gao has clearly forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. Mr. Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand. In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out."] ['The legendary American movie star and sex symbol Marlo Manners  is in London, England, where she has just married for the sixth time. She and her new husband, Sir Michael Barrington , then depart for a honeymoon suite at a posh and exclusive hotel that has been reserved for them by her manager, Dan Turner . The hotel is also the location of an international conference, where leaders have come together to resolve tensions and problems that threaten the survival of the world. As the chairman, Mr. Chambers  is trying to call the meeting to order, the delegates are crowding to the windows in an effort to catch a glimpse of Marlo when she arrives. As they enter the lobby, Marlo, now Lady Barrington, and her husband, a knight, are swarmed by admirers and reporters. When asked, "Do you get a lot of proposals from your male fans?" she quips, "Yeah, and what they propose is nobody’s business." Once inside their suite, the couple are unable to go to bed and have sex because of constant interruptions due to the demands of her career, such as interviews, dress fittings and photo sessions, as well as the various men, including some former husbands, diplomat Alexei Andreyev Karansky , director Laslo Karolny , gangster Vance Norton , and an entire athletic team from the U.S., who all want to have sex with her. Meanwhile, the evil Turner desperately searches for an audiotape containing his client\'s memoirs, in order to destroy it. Marlo has recorded extensive details about her affairs and scandals, with a lot of dirt about her husbands and lovers. Ex-husband Alexei, who is the Russian delegate at the conference, threatens to derail the intense negotiations unless he can have another sexual encounter with her. Marlo is expected to work "undercover" to ensure world peace.'] ['Terri Griffith  is an aspiring teenage journalist living in Tucson, Arizona who feels that teachers don\'t take her school newspaper articles seriously because of her good looks. After failing to get her dream job as a newspaper intern, she comes to the conclusion that it is because she is a girl. With her parents out of town, Terri decides to remedy the situation. Enrolling at a rival high school, she enlists the help of her sex-obsessed loudmouth little brother, Buddy  and her best friend Denise  to disguise herself as a boy. Her brother and friend also help to keep tabs on her throughout the experiment. Along the way she meets Rick , a gold-hearted nerd who becomes her pet project. After helping him through an image makeover and encouraging him to start talking to girls , Terri starts to fall for him. After many episodes in and out of school, including fending off a group of bullies led by bodybuilder Greg Tolan , dealing with her real college boyfriend Kevin  and being set up on a blind date with a potential new "girlfriend" named Sandy , Terri manages to be accepted as "one of the guys". At the senior prom, a jealous Greg picks a fight with Rick, who ultimately trounces the bully in front of the entire class. But when Terri\'s boyfriend shows up unexpectedly and finds out what\'s been going on, Terri has no choice but to reveal herself to Rick. Although she admits to loving him, Rick angrily rejects her, prompting a desperate Terri to kiss him in front of everyone. Seemingly unfazed, Rick simply walks away. Heartbroken and humiliated, Terri retreats to her room and writes a long article on what it is like to be a girl in boy\'s clothing, detailing all of her experiences, both good and bad, in and out of school. In the end, Terri returns to her own school. When her article is printed in the newspaper, she receives high praise from her teachers and friends and finally earns her dream job at the newspaper office. Nevertheless, she still finds herself yearning for Rick, who has not spoken to her since the prom. Now without a boyfriend, Terri is not looking forward to the summer, but her spirits lift when Rick suddenly turns up after reading her article. Realizing their true feelings for each other, they reconcile, and the film ends as they drive away together.'] ["Summer is over and 16-year-old Chris , who is constantly bullied, is enrolling in a new high school. Tired of being beaten up, he asks his father to teach him how to fight. The school bullies can still beat him up, however, so he decides that he will disguise himself every day as a girl to walk past them into school. Initially, he only plans on dressing up as a girl to get into school, but he soon grows used to the role of being a female. For instance, he likes being able to talk trash to his chief tormentor, Kurt , who falls in love with him, and also befriending a girl named Marie , a cheerleader whom Chris has a crush on. Enthusiastic at the prospect of going to cheerleader camp and sharing a room with Marie, Chris signs up to become a cheerleader. In a short period of time, Chris wins both Marie and Kurt's trust. After Kurt admits to Chris that he is only behaving the way he does because of peer pressure, Chris convinces him to apologize to his friend Dan, who has also been bullied by Kurt and his gang. Problems begin when Kurt starts to make advances towards Chris and he starts almost getting caught. His PE teacher notices he is looking at the girls in the locker room, and thinking Chris is a lesbian, takes him to her office for a conversation. Chris, thinking she is talking to him about actually being a boy, admits his disguise. The PE teacher threatens to tell the principal the truth, but Chris convinces her not to do so by lying that he is a transvestite and enjoys dressing up in women's clothing. Later that evening, Marie visits Chris at home. His parents, unaware that Chris is going to school as a girl, mistake her for his girlfriend. Dealing with Marie and his parents at the same time causes Chris some trouble, but he keeps up his subterfuge. However, when Kurt drops by to bring Chris flowers, his father Louis starts to think he is gay. By lying about Kurt's sexuality, Chris is able to convince his father that he is straight and nothing is wrong. The next day Chris is to leave for cheerleader camp. When Louis finds out, he finally realizes Chris has been dressing up as a girl. Meanwhile, Chris attempts to kiss Marie while practicing their cheerleadering choreography, but she pushes him away and runs off. Encouraged by his PE teacher to tell the truth, Chris reveals himself to be a boy during a cheerleader performance. Kurt threatens to beat him up, but when Chris defends him for not being gay, they finally make peace. Marie feels betrayed, thinking that Chris only tried to get her in bed, but she eventually decides to forgive him."] ["The plot is based around a successful, yet very shy painter Yann  who is in love with a married woman Florence . When he finally manages to have a date with her in his apartment, he has to face big problems. His neighbour Boris, another painter  who is extremely jealous towards his young wife Éva, leaves his flat without his suitcase, and when Éva, dressed only in lingerie, runs out of the door to let him know, a draft of air closes her door and she has to ask Yann for help. Unfortunately, that is just the moment when both Boris and Florence turn up. The story gets even more complicated as Florence's husband also comes to Yann's flat, and when Yann, when joking, mistakes a toy gun for a real one, and lightly injures Boris. But eventually all comes to a happy end."] ['{{Plot}} Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker  are two low-level employees at an insurance corporation in New York City who uncover a $2 million fraud involving multiple life insurance policies that were issued after the death of the insured. They take their findings to their boss Bernie Lomax , who commends them for discovering insurance fraud and invites them to his Hampton Island beach house for the following Labor Day weekend. Unbeknownst to Larry and Richard, Bernie is behind the fraud and nervously arranges with his mob partners to have them both killed that weekend and arrange it as a murder-suicide. However, the gangsters double cross Bernie and decide to have him killed instead, citing his reckless greed and his affair with the mob boss Vito\'s girlfriend as the motivation. Bernie arrives at the island before Larry and Richard and speaks to the appointed hitman Paulie  on the phone, to plan out the murders and establish an alibi, unaware that the entire conversation is being recorded on Bernie\'s answering machine. Bernie then writes a confession and plants cash implicating Larry and Richard in the insurance fraud. Paulie arrives, kills Bernie with heroin and plants it on him to make it appear as a drug overdose. When Larry and Richard arrive at the beach house, they find their boss unresponsive and are shocked to discover that he is dead. Before they can call the police, however, guests start arriving for a "floating" party that passes through Bernie\'s house every weekend. To Larry and Richard\'s amazement, the vast majority of people are too engrossed in their own partying to notice that their host is deceased, with Bernie\'s dark sunglasses and dopey grin from the fatal injection betraying his lifeless state. Fearing they will be implicated in their boss\'s death, Larry proposes that he and Richard maintain the facade, a notion that Richard finds absurd. Only the arrival of Richard\'s office crush, summer intern Gwen Saunders, convinces him to postpone notifying the police. After the party, Richard manages to take Gwen out on a romantic walk on the beach, but Bernie\'s body ends up being carried out by the tide and washes up next to them, prompting Richard to take the oblivious Gwen back to the house and conscript Larry into retrieving the corpse. Vito\'s girlfriend Tina suddenly arrives at the beach house, inebriated, infuriated, and convinced that Bernie has been cheating on her. She threatens Larry and Richard with a knife and they direct her to the upstairs bedroom, but remarkably, she also fails to realize that he is dead. At that same moment, another man from Vito\'s gang is seen spying on the house and witnesses the two of them supposedly making love. Fooled into thinking that Bernie\'s assassination failed, he immediately notifies Vito, who orders Paulie back to the house to finish the job. The next morning, Richard is appalled to discover that Larry is maintaining the illusion that Bernie is alive by manipulating his corpse. The two continually bicker about alerting the police until Richard, realizing that Larry is unwilling to do so, attempts to call the police himself but instead accidentally activates the phone message detailing the plot against them. Upon discovering the money and the note, they realize that alerting the police will implicate them. Unaware of the circumstances of Bernie\'s death, they mistakenly believing that they are still the targets of a mob hit, they decide to use Bernie\'s corpse as a prop for protection. Paulie, in the meantime, has returned to the island and strangles Bernie\'s corpse. The two make various attempts to leave the island, but Bernie\'s body becomes repeatedly misplaced and recovered in the process. They attempt to board the mainland ferry with Bernie in tow, but are too late to board; Paulie, unfortunately, sees them and assumes that Bernie has somehow survived. They attempt to leave using Bernie\'s speedboat, but the vessel runs out of fuel halfway through the trip and they are forced to swim back using Bernie\'s body as a floatation device. Gwen sees them return and angrily decides to confront Richard for his bizarre behavior. Paulie, becoming increasingly agitated and unhinged at the inexplicable "immortality" of Bernie, immediately charters a return to the island. At the house, Gwen confronts Larry and Richard, who break down and reveal that they had found Bernie dead right from the start, which horrifies her when she sees his corpse. At that moment, Paulie returns and empties a pistol into Bernie\'s chest immediately after entering the house. Once he realizes that the three are witnesses, he chases them through the house, firing wildly until he is forced to reload. Larry takes advantage and clumsily subdues him with a phone cord and a punch. The police eventually arrive to place Paulie under arrest for first degree murder, carting him off in a strait-jacket as he continues to insist Bernie is still alive. The film ends with Bernie being loaded into an ambulance. However, his gurney rolls away and topples off the boardwalk, dumping him onto the beach where a young boy comes along and starts to play by scooping buckets of sand over his body.'] ['Rudy Robles  is told by his mother to pick up his cousin Javier  at a factory before she leaves for Fresno. Robles arrives shortly before immigration officials raid the factory looking for illegals. Because he is carrying no identification, and his mother and sister are not available to verify he is a US citizen, Robles is deported with the illegals to Mexico. Ironically, Robles cannot speak more than very simple Spanglish, though he is fluent in German from having served in Germany in the United States Army. In Tijuana, Robles becomes friends with ex-con Jimmy ([[Daniel Stern  and a waitress named Dolores . Unable to contact with his mother, Robles makes repeated attempts to cross the border, all ending in failure. Jimmy offers to get him back to home for a price. Having left home without his wallet, Robles works for Jimmy as doorman at a strip club, earning extra money selling oranges and teaching two Central Americans and three others would be illegals to walk and talk like East Los Angeles natives. They become called the "Waas Sappening Boys" or "What\'s Happening Boys". Robles falls in love with Dolores and finally raises the money needed to be smuggled across the border. He goes on a date with Dolores and the next day, Robles bids farewell to Jimmy, receives a last kiss goodbye from Dolores and climbs into the Coyote\'s truck. He sees a woman pleading to be taken for free because her husband is already in the truck and their family is in the United States. Robles gives the woman his place. Robles stands for the last time on the hill of the Mexico – United States border while two Immigration Officers sit in their truck watching in laughter. The song "America" by Neil Diamond is heard as hundreds appear and race forward to reach the American Dream. The Immigration Officers hide in their truck. Rudy, Dolores, and their "Waas Up" friends walk with their heads up high into the United States. At the end as the titles roll, the song version of "Born in East L.A." plays.'] ['The film begins with Thomas "Boats" Gilhooley , an expatriate United States Navy veteran, working aboard a freighter. When he realizes that the ship he signed up for is just passing by Haleakaloha, French Polynesia, and not actually stopping there, he jumps ship to swim to the island. Next, Michael "Guns" Donovan , another expatriate U.S. Navy veteran and a former shipmate of Gilhooley, returns from a fishing trip aboard an outrigger canoe. Donovan is greeted by William "Doc" Dedham , also a U.S. Navy veteran and the only physician in the archipelago, who is about to begin a one or two week pre-Christmas circuit of the "outer islands," taking care of the health needs of the residents. Dedham\'s three children are placed in Donovan\'s care. The kids\' plans for a peaceful celebration of Donovan\'s birthday, on December 7, are shattered by the arrival of Gilhooley, who shares the same birthday. There is an unbroken 21-year tradition that Donovan and Gilhooley have a knock-down, drag-out fight every birthday—to the delight of the local observers—and their 22nd year does not break the tradition. The two vets meet in  "Donovan\'s Reef," the saloon owned by Donovan.  Miss Amelia Dedham  is a "proper" young lady "of means" from Boston, who has become the chairman of the board of the Dedham Shipping Company. Her father is Doc Dedham, whom she has never met, but who now has inherited a large block of stock in the family company, making him the majority stockholder. She travels to Haleakaloha in hope of finding proof that Doc has violated an outdated  morality clause in the will which would enable her to keep him from inheriting the stock and retain control. When word reaches Haleakaloha that Miss Dedham is on the way, a scheme is concocted by Donovan, Gilhooley, and the Marquis de Lage . De Lage is Haleakaloha\'s French governor, who hopes to find a post somewhere else. Donovan is to pretend to be the father of Doc\'s three hapa children , until Doc comes back and can explain things to the prim, proper Boston lady. The plan is reluctantly accepted by the oldest daughter, Leilani, who believes that the deception is because she and her siblings aren\'t white, a reflection of the bigotry of the period. The plan works, and Amelia learns that her father, Donovan and Gilhooley were marooned on the Japanese-occupied island after their destroyer was sunk in World War II. With the help of the locals, the three men conducted a guerrilla war against the Japanese. She also learns that her father built a hospital, and lives in a large house . A mystery develops, as she enters the house and sees a portrait of a beautiful Polynesian woman in royal trappings. This, the viewer understands, was Doc\'s wife, the mother of his children. Amelia is not told of the relationship, but she learns that the woman was named Manulani. Donovan mentions that Luke\'s mother  had died in childbirth. As the story develops, Amelia learns that life in the islands is not as she expected, and neither is Donovan, who proves to be educated and intelligent, and the owner of a substantial local shipping operation. Amelia, too, is not as expected, as when she strips off her outdated "swimming costume" to reveal a tight swimsuit, challenges Donovan to a swimming race, and dives into the water. They develop a truce, as de Lage tries to court Amelia . When Dr. Dedham returns, father and daughter meet for the first time . He has been told about the deception, and over dinner he explains that he was serving in World War II when his wife  died. When the war ended, he felt that he was not needed in Boston, but was desperately needed in the islands, so he stayed. He has even signed over his stock to Amelia, as he intends to remain in the islands. Just as he is about to explain about Manulani and their children , a hospital emergency interrupts. It turns out that Manulani was the granddaughter of the last hereditary prince of the islands, and on Christmas Amelia finally puts all of the pieces together to solve the mystery. Leilani—Manulani\'s daughter—is not only the island\'s princess, but Amelia\'s sister, a relationship which is tearfully but joyfully acknowledged by both girls. Amelia and Donovan evolve their truce into marriage plans. Gilhooley also finally marries his longtime girlfriend, Miss Lafleur . Donovan points out the new sign on the saloon, which is now "Gilhooley\'s Reef". Donovan has given the bar to his old shipmate as a wedding present. Crisis resolved, life in the islands can return to normal.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Gilligan and the Skipper in their hut. It then shows a satellite belonging to an unidentified country  experiencing technical problems. The scientists controlling the satellite attempt to destroy the disc by launching it into space. This disc holds some very important, top secret information. Seconds later, the satellite blows up. The metal disc from the satellite is not destroyed, instead making it through the Earth\'s atmosphere and landing right at the edge of the lagoon eventually being found by Gilligan himself. After Gilligan shows him the disc, the Professor realizes that the unique alloy can be used to make a barometer. While using the new barometer, the Professor makes an educated guess that they are going to be hit by a tsunami of such magnitude, it will destroy the island . The Professor has the castaways maneuver three huts together and secure them to one another  hoping they might stand a chance at surviving the killer wave. When the castaways awaken the next morning, they realize that the Professor\'s prediction had come true- they had been swept off the island and their lashed together huts had become a makeshift raft. They use clothes donated by the Howells to make a sail, and try to make their way to land. In an attempt to broil a snapper he had caught, Gilligan makes a fire on the deck, and as Gilligan normally does, he walked away and left the fire unattended while he told the gang the good news about the cooking fish. Unfortunately for Gilligan, the fire begins to spread out of control. At first, angry at Gilligan for doing another one of his stupid stunts, the castaways are then grateful when the United States Coast Guard spots the smoke and rescues them. After being towed to Hawaii, the castaways names are announced to the anxious crowds. Most of the cast\'s full names are recited, but a bullhorn obscures part of the first mate\'s name, and all that is heard is "Gilligan". The crew, at first, are confused by modern life. They are informed that the President is now Jimmy Carter, and that they had missed the presidencies of Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. After a ton of hoopla and media hype, including not only the key to the city but also a ticker tape parade in their honor, the group hug it out and move on to begin their new lives apart agreeing though to meet again at Christmas aboard the S.S. Minnow II. During the interview on TV after the ticker tape parade, the powers that be of the unknown country are made aware that Gilligan is in possession of the recording disc from their satellite. Determined to recover it, they send two spies to try to get it from Gilligan, by any means necessary. The Skipper and Gilligan are next seen hard at work, refurbishing the S. S. Minnow II. However, the insurance company informs them that they will not be able to get a settlement unless their former passengers sign a statement testifying that the Skipper was not responsible for the shipwreck. First they find Ginger. She is making a movie, and is upset at the changes in Hollywood in the last 15 years. She is told that sex and swearing are what makes a movie successful, and that nothing else matters. The director overhears Gilligan talking about some of the recent movies that had neither sex nor swearing, and quickly decides that acting is what really matters. Ginger signs the insurance statement, and the Skipper and Gilligan go off to find The Professor. The Professor is trying to get back into research and is busying himself in his lab conducting experiments. First, four cheerleaders enter the lab and inform him that he has been selected as the Home Coming King and they belt out a cheer they have created for this special occasion. He attempts to rebuff them but they insist that he must accept as all the women on campus are "into him" and he is so "macho", words that are clearly alien to him. He finally agrees just to get them to leave his lab and allow him to get back to his experiments. Second, a Miss Ainsworth from the Anthropology department enters and asks him if he had been witness to any tribal courtship rituals as her department had a vested interest in them. He assures her he has witnessed some and one in particular had the natives sharing a straw while drinking coconut milk. She then gives into her obvious attraction for the Professor and bends him over and begins kissing him passionately. She only really stops when Gilligan and the Skipper knock and enter his lab, whereby she drops the Professor to the ground and hastily makes her exit. And then finally, after Gilligan has been misdirected by the Professor and knocks over a fake experiment, the Professor introduces them to his latest inventions- the frisbee and the skateboard. As Gilligan is amusing himself on the skateboard, the Dean of the college enters the lab and is immediately run into by Gilligan. After the Skipper and Gilligan leave, the Dean tries to get the Professor to stop his research and teaching to concentrate on fund-raising. Later, the former castaways agree that things were much simpler on the island, and the Professor signs the insurance statement. Next they go to meet the Howells. They are having dinner with old friends, and are trying to find their way back into their old financial and social circles. The Howells are delighted when the Skipper and Gilligan arrive unannounced to get the insurance statement signed. The Howells introduce them to their upper class social friends before going into the library to discuss matters. However, over the intercom they overhear their rich "friends" making insults toward Gilligan and the Skipper. The Howells angrily throw their supposed friends out of their house and off their property. It is apparent that the Howells have grown substantially during their time on the island and they too sign the insurance statement willingly. The Skipper and Gilligan go see Mary Ann. After 15 years, she is set to marry her fiancé, Herbert. However, she is sad for some reason, and her best friend Cindy tries to console her. Mary Ann explains that she and Herbert have both changed over the course of 15 years and she no longer loves him. Cindy says she should call off the wedding but Mary Ann insists she must do the right thing and marry Herbert as he has waited so many years for her. Again unannounced, the Skipper and Gilligan show up looking for a signature for the insurance statement. Mary Ann is thrilled to see them but they notice she is quite unhappy. She brushes it off and asks them to stay for the wedding. . For whatever reason, Mary Ann\'s best friend Cindy, confides her true feelings regarding Herbert, and his for her, to Gilligan and the Skipper. They decide that they must "save" Mary Ann from making a huge mistake so they grab a tractor pulling an old wooden wheeled wagon laden with watermelon and proceed to "scoop" Mary Ann out of the arms of Herbert. Subsequently the two spies  and all the male guests begin running after what is clearly the slowest tractor ever and almost catch the threesome until Gilligan ingeniously hurls a single watermelon into the group and they tumble over like a perfect strike! Then the Skipper joins in and the men continue to slip and slide and trip over themselves in their attempt to go after them. Meanwhile, as Mary Ann contemplates how to break the news to Herbert without breaking his heart, in the background you can hear the traditional wedding music that is played as the married couple have their first kiss and we see Herbert and Cindy are that kissing couple. Suffice it to say, Mary Ann is out of her predicament and the Skipper gets his insurance statement signed. Eventually the insurance company pays for the S. S. Minnow, and the castaways and crew are ready for a cruise on the S. S. Minnow II. The spies make one last attempt to get the disc, but are thwarted at the last minute by the FBI. Finally, the cruise gets under way. However, just like 15 years before, the S. S. Minnow II is caught in a storm, , because while cleaning the compass, dear old Gilligan had rendered it useless by removing the dirty old piece of metal , thereby causing the Skipper to sail for hours in the wrong direction, putting them way out to sea. Consequently they were so off course after the storm they had no idea where they were. When the storm had finally subsided, the group are seen pulling themselves from the water onto a beach, thankful that they are alive. After getting some not-so-happy looks by the rest of the gang, Gilligan high tails it into the jungle. As the others talk of how they have no idea where they are, Gilligan returns to say he does and shows them a piece of wood from the S.S. Minow. The group react in shock to realize they landed right back on the same island and when Glligan says "we\'re home," the Skipper chases him into the lagoon.'] ['During a stop on a bus trip, 10-year-old Sammy Ayers\' mother Helen ventures into a bar, while Sammy sleeps on the bus. Helen is assaulted as the bus leaves. At the last bus stop in Georgia, Sammy is woken up and realizes that his mother has disappeared. He takes to heart her warning to "keep quiet." He is taken in by the bus station manager, Norm, and informally adopted by Lucille as the entire small town looks after him. As Sammy grows to adulthood, he pretends to be deaf and mute as a self-protective device. Over a 20-year period, he hears many secrets and confidences. However, when he hears something harmful he decides to take action, to protect the townspeople who have become his family, revealing his secret. The Ira Gershwin/Kurt Weill song "My Ship"  is heard at the end of the film, as Sammy listens to a music box.'] ["Identical twins Philbert and Nathan were separated at birth. Philbert is married to a wealthy heiress  with a mistress  and a political campaign for President of the United States. Nathan suffers from a severe case of multiple personality disorder and has spent his life in a lunatic asylum. Nathan shows up on his brother's doorstep and what begins as a case of mistaken identity spirals out of control."] ["My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves starts with a gangster and killer, Sikander , murdering someone with his gang; they bury him and flee. Then the story line drops to a young man, Anthony Gonsalves , who accepts Sikander for his father, guru, everything, since Sikander adopted Anthony when he was a young child living on the streets. He didn't exactly adopt him, since he says that his real father is the town priest . Anthony's big dream is to become a famous and wealthy actor and be as kind as Sikander&mdash;he doesn't know that Sikander is a murderer. Sikander never told him because he wanted Anthony to be a kind and nice gentleman, unlike himself. Anthony has big dreams, like living with high society peoples, meeting his idols, Priyanka Chopra, etc. One day when Anthony is practicing film dialogues with a couple of street gangsters, he meets Riya , a woman who has no more family, is an orphan, who lives a middle-class lifestyle in Mumbai and works as an assistant director for a movie producer, Bharucha . Anthony introduces himself as the son of Jeffrey, who died in 1986, and works as a waiter in Jimmy's Pub, Bandra. She meets him again in the studios when he comes to audition for the part of Mark Anthony in a re-make of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. Both are attracted to each other and continue to meet. Little does Riya know that Anthony has lied to her, as he never had a father by the name of Jeffrey. When he gets the role of Mark Anthony, he goes to tell Sikander and he sees him murdering a person. Anthony now knows the true side of Sikander. Anthony doesn't tell, but somehow how police inspector Khan  finds out and goes to alert for Sikander, for which he needs the help of Anthony. He gets Anthony on his side, but Anthony is a man on his word and blames all the murders on Sikander's boss . To make it look real, Anthony does fake stunts, like blowing Murtaza's factory up and acting dead. In the climax, Anthony, Sikander, and the priest who raised Anthony, get together to kill Sikander's boss; that's when the police enter. Sikander gets arrested. Anthony marries Riya and becomes a big hero, a superstar, and his dreams come true."] ["Three months after the end of Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire, the Tall Blond Man is once again press-ganged into service, because Colonel Toulouse needs to prove that the Tall Blond Man is a real super-secret agent and not somebody chosen at random. Toulouse has a new boss—the former Minister of Agriculture has become the Minister of Interior. Perrin's assassination  and funeral  are staged—and both are comically bungled. Christine appears again, in her usual dazzling clothes. At a symphony concert—in a white backless dress, this time—she tries to shoot Francois . Eventually, Boy Gets Girl Back."] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with Kleinman  being awakened from a deep sleep by a vigilante mob. They claim to be looking for "the strangler", a serial killer who strangles his victims. They tell him to get dressed and meet them downstairs in five minutes. In a flurry, he gets dressed. Before he goes down, his landlady who wants to marry him gives him a small paper bag with pepper in it. "If The Strangler attacks you, blow some of this in his eyes!" Meanwhile, in a circus on the outskirts of town, Irmy  and her boyfriend Paul  are having a dispute. They both are performers at a circus: Irmy swallows swords and Paul is a clown. Irmy wants a baby, but Paul says that "a family is death to an artist." He then goes out and over to another tent where Marie, a tightrope artist  waits for him. They begin to have sex, but Irmy catches them. She then packs a suitcase and runs away to the city where Kleinman is living. In the foreboding streets she meets a prostitute  who brings her to a house of ill repute, where she is comforted by other prostitutes . Then, a student named Jack  comes into the whorehouse and is immediately bewitched by Irmy; he assumes she is employed there, and insists on having sex with her, paying $700. They go into the back room. On the street, Kleinman walks aimlessly around the city, not knowing what to do. He stops at a coroner\'s house, where the doctor  explains that his role in the hunt is purely scientific. He goes into detail about how he will enjoy opening the killer\'s chest and head, and being able to understand how his mind works. Kleinman drinks a glass of sherry to calm himself down and leaves. Soon after, the doctor realizes the Strangler has entered the house. They calmly speak, then he murders the doctor. Kleinman seeing a local famiily being evicted as \'undesirables\' goes to the police station to try to persuade the Chief of Police to stop the eviction. Whilst there a police officer arrives with news of the coroner\'s death and saying that there is a clue - a glass with fingerprints on it. Kleinman panics realising that his fingerprints are on the glass. Irmy is there as well, because she has been taken to the police station when the police raided the whorehouse. Insisting she is a whore and needs a license, they fine her $50 of the $700 she has, and they allow her to leave. Irmy protests her innocence and the confusion Kleinman is able to steal the glass which has his fingerprints on it. Kleinman leaves and startled by Irmy engages her in conversation and they walk into the night together. A vigilante shows Kleinman an alley where they think the killer might be. He is told to trap the person. Irmy and Kleinman enter the alley warily, and they jump the person. It turns out to be Kleinman\'s boss Mr. Paulsen, peeping in a window at a lady. Mr. Paulsen was considering promoting him, but now his mind is changed. Kleinman is accused of incompetence by him and by the vigilante. Ashamed, Kleinman and Irmy move on into the night. Paul arrives in the city, looking for Irmy. He goes into a bar, where Jack, the student who had sex with Irmy, is having a drink. The student reflects on the wonderful experience he had with "a sword-swallower". Paul is shocked, although Jack does not know why. Back on the street, Irmy tells Kleinman that she doesn\'t want the money and asks him to give the $650 to charity in a church. He does, finding two men compiling a list of names. When he gives them the money, they gratefully erase his name from the list. Outside, at the steps of the church, they see a starving mother with a child, and the two run away from parent and child. After some thought, Irmy decides she wants to give half of the money to the woman and asks Kleinman to go back to the church to get it back. Reluctantly, he returns and asks for half the money, the two men not only reinstate his name to the list, but they circle it for good measure! Kleinman exits the church, and they both leave in haste. Kleinman tries to get Irmy a place to stay by asking his fiancée, but she doesn\'t let them in. At a pier, they look out at the night, and the feeling is very romantic, until the vigilante mob ambushes them. It turns out that everyone has a "plan". Then, Spiro the Clairvoyant, a man who smells people like a psychic bloodhound, starts to sniff Kleinman. He says that Kleinman "has something in his pocket," and the sherry glass is revealed. Angry, and believing he is the killer, the mob prepares to lynch him. Kleinman blows pepper in their faces and escapes. He tries to find a safe haven in the house of his first ex-fiancée, Alma , whom he left standing at the altar while he had a dalliance with her sister. He apologizes, but she throws him out, saying, "Get out and die!" Meanwhile, Irmy and Paul meet and at first Paul is ready to kill Irmy for sleeping with another man, but they are interrupted when they find a baby on the ground, the same one that she and Kleinman had seen earlier with the starving woman. They decide to keep the child, and leave the city, back to the circus. Ahead of the mob, Kleinman arrives at the whorehouse where he meets and has an existential conversation with Jack. When he is unable to express his views, a whore  coaxes him into a back room where he fails to perform, blaming existential angst. The mob arrives, asking after Kleinman. He escapes via the roof where he meets and is taunted by his rival for promotion at work who reveals Irmy has gone back to the circus. Kleinman follows her there. At the circus Kleinman meets the magician Armstead , whom he greatly admires. Then, the Strangler arrives, and is about to kill both of them when the magician mesmerizes him with a mirror trick, and chains him up, but while they are congratulating each other, somehow the Strangler escapes. The angry mob arrives on the scene, and, thwarted, gives up for the night. The movie ends with Kleinman accepting Armstead\'s invitation to become his assistant, and Irmy and Paul continuing their careers as circus performers, while raising their newfound child. As Armstead and Kleinman prepare to leave, the magician sums it all up by saying, "They need illusions like they need the air." And with a gesture, the two disappear in a mirror and a puff of smoke.'] ["In A Busy Day, a wife becomes jealous of her husband's interest in another woman. On her way to attack the couple, the wife interrupts the set of a film, knocking over a film director and a police officer. Finally, the husband pushes the wife off of a pier and she falls into the harbor."] ['James Ellis  meets and falls in love with Sarah  during time off for snow days while in high school. James, however, has commitment issues, and Sarah eventually winds up engaged to Peter . His grandmother  had warned him about the family curse, that the "men always leave and the women go crazy", which causes James to be reluctant to commit. Over the next few years, James searches for his true self, ending up at "The CIA" – the Culinary Institute of America. His eccentric mother Elise , still upset that her husband left her and James, is on an endless search for her inner self and has commitment issues of her own. She spends her time with a series of lovers who don\'t speak English, in the "International House of Boyfriends". Ultimately James overcomes the family curse and wins Sarah.'] ['{{Plot}} Nice guy John Plummer ([[Jason Lee  is engaged to ditsy Elaine , and intends to use his life savings of $30,000 to put a down payment on a house because he does not want to accept money from her wealthy father, Mr. Warner , who is also John\'s employer and who already considers John unworthy of his daughter. Warner also has a mean dog named Rex who hates John and always agrees with his master. Simultaneously, his niece Noreen , daughter of John\'s "trailer-trash" sister, Patty , is accepted to Harvard University, but needs an additional $30,000 on top of her grants and scholarships in order to attend. Noreen shows her uncle John a videotape made many years ago, at which time he promised to pay for Noreen\'s college education when the time came if she were to work hard and be accepted to a university. John now has a moral and financial dilemma—disappoint his fiancee and prove her father right by showing that he cannot provide for Elaine, or disappoint his niece, sister, and her friends, who all look up to him, and take away his niece\'s only chance to escape from a life of lower class poverty. John\'s best friend from high school days, who was picked on severely and cried nearly all the time, was an eccentric loser landscaper Walter \'Duff\' Duffy  tells John that one of his rich landscaping clients keeps large amounts of cash in an unlocked safe, and that no one is ever in the home on Sunday nights. Duff convinces John, who is bitterly opposed to the idea, that stealing from the homeowner would be alright, because no one will be hurt and the man\'s insurance company will reimburse the homeowner, justifying it by saying that insurance companies deserve to be ripped off, because they rip off the public. John reluctantly agrees, and he and Duff set out to steal the cash, but Duff runs off when lights come on in the home, leaving John staring down the barrel of the homeowner, Honorable Emmett Cook \'s gun. Rather than being shot or turned over to the police, John instead finds himself forced at gunpoint to cross-dress and role-play the part of Cook\'s late wife as the two men lie in bed and "spoon." Eventually, after taking an incriminating photograph of John, one of many identical photos Cook keeps in an album while explaining to John that he is "not gay, I just miss my wife," Cook releases him. As he is leaving, Mr. Warner and his dog are riding by, and takes note of John\'s panicked behavior, believing that he has caught John in an affair which will be evidence he can use to persuade his daughter to call off the wedding. Further capers ensue as John and Duff attempt to rob a liquor store and later attempt to con a drug lord out of $30,000 by concocting a phony story about running an ecstasy ring. Meanwhile, a police detective  is on to John and Duff, but never has enough evidence to actually pin any of the crimes on them. Meanwhile, Mr. Warner breaks into the gun-toting Emmett Cook\'s residence in order to get evidence against John, and once Cook catches him, he is forced to "spoon". Cook explains to Warner that he is not gay he just misses his wife. Warner tells Cook that he lost his wife also but he does not try to keep her alive by doing things such as this. Before leaving, Warner finds the incriminating photo of John from the album in hand. Eventually, John is forced to confess everything to his fiancée, after her father confronts her with a photograph of John in drag with Cook. Not only is the fiancée not upset with John, but she now respects and admires him far more for the lengths he was willing to go to in order to provide for her, spare her feelings and send his niece to Harvard. The fiancée Elaine then confides in John that her wealthy father keeps a great deal of money at his business, and that it would be easy for them to steal it. John, Elaine, and Duff set out to rob the business in the night. Unfortunately, Mr. Warner had hid his dog Rex inside the vault. Rex attempts to attack Duff by biting him in the crotch but Rex is instead aroused and does not let go. Duff manages to get the lovestruck dog into a room, so he can try to break a window it make it look like a break in. Duff frantically tries to break a window . The window will not break and Rex, yearning for Duff, finally escapes the room and jumps on top of Duff. Just as John and Elaine find the money, Mr. Warner finds them and tries to attack them but he is caught by the Detective who mistakes him for a burglar. John and Elaine escape to Duff\'s van but Duff is still being chased by Rex and has to jump inside the van but Rex follows them and finally has his way with Duff since there is nowhere else to run. The police arrive and the gang unsuccessfully tries to get away. They are all taken into custody by the detective and facing a series of charges such as: Breaking and enterering, animal cruelty, attempted vehicular manslaughter, , John feels like his goose is cooked, until the judge in charge of his arraignment turns out to be the gun-toting, Emmett Cook. Upon their mutual recognition, John writes, in his lawyer\'s notebook, a message to Cook and flashes it across the court, threatening to expose the judge\'s fetish—upon reading the makeshift sign, Cook quickly dismisses all charges against John. Finally, Duff comes through as best he can and gives John his life savings, $1000, which John bets on a longshot horse which wins and which paid 30 to 1. John and Elaine are married with Mr. Warner, Patty, Emmett Cook and Duff among their wedding guests, Noreen goes off to college, and, in the final scene, John is left to ponder how loser Duff could possibly accumulate $1000—the last scene shows Duff offering to "spoon" with Cook for $1000.'] ["Ted Healy is a salesman for the Schmidt Costume Shop who likes to hang out at the fire station where Moe , Larry and Shemp  work. Old man Schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions  than tending to his business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named Carlson to manage the business. Carlson immediately falls for Mr. Schmidt's niece, Louise, but she resists him. Meanwhile, a certain General Avocado wants to organize a revolution and comes to the costume shop to order uniforms. Ted also swings a deal with the Fire Department to supply costumes for the fireman's ball. Carlson wants to take Louise, so Ted hatches a plan to take Louise, and have himself and Carlson dressed alike, then switch places at the ball. When Louise learns of the switch, she runs back to the shop and locks herself in her room. Carlson chases her home, and unknowingly starts a fire while trying to persuade her to come out. The firemen  arrive to extinguish the blaze — with the unexpected help of one of Old Man Schmidt's inventions — and at last Louise and Carlson are a couple."] [' Daniel Hillard  is a talented, unemployed actor and a devoted father loved by his three children Chris , Lydia  and Natalie . However his marriage to his workaholic wife, Miranda , is increasingly strained as the uptight Miranda has grown to dislike her husband\'s immature and spontaneous behavior. Daniel hires a mobile petting zoo and throws a large birthday party for his son Chris, despite knowing his wife would not allow it. After receiving a complaint at her business from a neighbor, Miranda decides this is the last straw, and demands a divorce. Since Daniel has no steady source of income or home, Miranda gets primary custody of their children. Daniel has visitation rights limited to Saturday evenings, devastating him as he adores his children. The judge acknowledges this and agrees to consider a joint custody arrangement if Daniel can hold down a job and create a suitable home within three months. When Daniel learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper, and is unwilling to let Daniel take care of the kids, he contacts Miranda by phone pretending to be an old lady. Asked his name, he looks at the newspaper and sees a headline containing the words "doubt fire", and says, "Doubtfire." Daniel uses his acting talents and enlists the help of his brother Frank , a makeup artist, and his partner Jack  to transform him into Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire, a 60 year old British nanny so he himself can apply for the position. Miranda is delighted with "Mrs. Doubtfire" and hires her on the spot. The two quickly begin to form a friendship, despite the children struggling to adjust to their new caretaker. Daniel, as Mrs. Doubtfire, is now able to see his kids every day, and uses this opportunity to be the firm father figure he wasn\'t before. Eventually the children begin to respond favourably to Mrs. Doubtfire\'s methods, and Miranda is able to heal her rocky relationship with them and with Daniel as well, who begins to improve himself through his alter ego by learning gourmet cooking and refurnishing his new apartment. For a while, Daniel is able to keep up the charade, despite nearly being discovered by his caseworker Mrs. Sellner , and attempting to break up his ex-wife\'s relationship with Stuart Denmeyer , her new boyfriend, who dislikes Daniel. He also realises he has trapped himself with the Mrs Doubtfire facade, as when he once again asks Miranda to take care of the children, she responds that she could never get rid of Mrs Doubtfire, as she has made their lives so much better. Daniel is discovered when Chris accidentally walks in on him using the bathroom standing up. He then explains to Lydia and Chris that he dresses as Mrs. Doubtfire only to see them every day. He also warns them not to tell their mother, as he would likely end up in jail and might never see the kids again, or Natalie, as she is too young to understand and might reveal the truth. Both children are happy to have their father back in their lives, and agree to keep the secret. Meanwhile, at the TV station where Daniel works as a shipping clerk, the station\'s CEO Jonathan Lundy  sees him clowning with toy dinosaurs on the set of a children\'s program and is impressed enough to schedule a dinner meeting to hear his ideas. Stuart plans to celebrate Miranda\'s birthday by taking the family out to the same restaurant at the same time, and Mrs. Doubtfire is also invited. Daniel tries to postpone his dinner with Lundy, but Lundy is fully booked, and Daniel realizes he cannot cancel the appointment. At the restaurant, Daniel attempts to rotate back and forth between Lundy and his family, using the restroom to change back and forth from himself to Mrs. Doubtfire. Daniel dumps cayenne pepper on Stuart\'s order of jambalaya, an ingredient that he is allergic to. He also becomes increasingly intoxicated throughout the evening and forgets to remove his costume before returning to Lundy\'s table. He covers for the mistake by explaining to Lundy that his alter ego is merely his idea for a new TV persona. Lundy is once again impressed, and agrees to develop the character into a possible television program. At that moment, Daniel notices that Stuart is choking on the pepper and, out of regret, administers the Heimlich maneuver. However, his mask tears off, revealing his true identity. Horrified and outraged at who her housekeeper really is, Miranda storms out with her children. At the later court hearing, Daniel makes an impassioned plea to the judge saying he created the disguise merely to spend time with his beloved children, but the judge gives Miranda full custody of the children while limiting Daniel to supervised visitation rights once a week, as he finds his behavior disturbing. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, the children again are withdrawn and depressed, and Miranda admits that their lives were so much better with her. However they are surprised and delighted to see Mrs. Doubtfire is the star of Lundy\'s new television program, "Euphegenia\'s House". It quickly becomes the highest-rated program in its timeslot, creating the possibility that the show will be aired nationwide. Upon realizing how unhappy the children are - and she herself is - without Mrs. Doubtfire, Miranda pays Daniel a visit on the set and tells him that she doesn\'t want to keep hurting the children over the custody issues, and that she knows the children were so much happier with Mrs. Doubtfire and therefore their father in their lives. She forgives him for his deceit, sorts things out with the courts, allowing Daniel unlimited access to the children, and the two make up. Daniel picks the kids up to spend an afternoon with them, while Miranda watches an episode of Daniel\'s show in which Mrs. Doubtfire answers a letter from another child of divorce asking for advice. She explains that no matter what type of living arrangement such children may have, love will maintain the bond of the family.'] ['Stable grooms Laurel and Hardy overhear news of a $5,000 reward for the return of the stolen painting Blue Boy, but think the reward is for the horse at their barn named Blue Boy. When they bring the horse to the painting\'s owner, he speaks to them from an upstairs window where he can\'t see the steed; he tells them to bring Blue Boy in the house and put "him" on the piano. This triggers a running gag where Ollie explains patiently to Stan that , the rich are different from you and me. He punctuates his lesson with a twisting gesture of his hand to demonstrate the 180-degree difference between the classes. The three come clumping through the front door while the millionaire upstairs takes a bath — "and it ain\'t even Saturday," a title card informs us. Ollie has an altercation with a nude statue, which snaps into three pieces after the two tumble to the floor; Hardy, ever the gentleman, safeguards the statue\'s modesty by wrapping its bare torso in his coat while he reassembles it. When the statue\'s back upright and Ollie removes the coat, the torso segment is backwards, so its backside protrudes out from where its midriff should be. Wrong again! Meanwhile, the suddenly obstreperous Blue Boy has taken to chasing Stanley around the house, while a cross-cut reveals that the police have recovered the Blue Boy painting and are making plans to return it. Working together, The Boys manage to lead the horse over to the grand piano, and up he leaps to his high perch. Shots of the millionaire upstairs in his tub reveal that he\'s at least hearing the commotion below. Things seem fine — Blue Boy is placidly up on the piano as his owner has asked — when suddenly a piano leg gives way and Ollie is left literally holding things up, about a ton of piano and horse. Stan rises to his usual degree of helpfulness as the horse, in a bravura performance, keeps nudging his derby off his head and Stan opts to keep retrieving the hat rather than help with the crisis at hand. They finally get the piano leg wedged back under the instrument, but not before Ollie\'s head gets squished between the two. The three agents of The Boys\' undoing all then converge in a perfect storm of bad luck: the millionaire\'s mother returns home , the police arrive with the real Blue Boy, the recovered painting, and the refreshed millionaire descends from his bath to reveal the misunderstanding. Ollie twiddles his tie, apologies for the "faux pas" and he and Stan and Blue Boy make a hasty exit, followed by the irate millionaire with a shotgun. In the process, the priceless painting gets knocked to the floor on top of one of the detectives, whose face pops through the canvas in the exact right spot, replacing Blue Boy\'s face. The short ends with a favorite Roach finale — a gag at the expense of a cop. This one has the officer as the literal butt of the joke: his rump is still smoking from the pellets delivered by the millionaire\'s shotgun.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ["It was love at first sight for unemployed Ashish Khanna and Rani Bhalla at a cold drink stall. When Rani introduces Ashish to her businessman dad, Tau, and mom, they unanimously frown upon this alliance, until Ashish promises to get a job, save enough money, buy a flat, etc.. Ashish does get a small job with Izzat Papads, and then also starts selling steroids out of the back of a van. He gets noticed by a Ad-firm owner, and gets hired. Soon he has all the luxuries that he had always dreamed of. When the Bhallas come to know about this, they decide to welcome him as their son-law, and a lavish engagement party takes place. It is then Ashish finds out that he has cancer, and he begins to create misunderstandings between him and Rani. He tries becoming an alcoholic, but that is considered normal with the Bhalla family; he confesses to Rani that he has loved Sania, a model with ad-agency, which is welcomed by Rani as being truthful and honest. But when Rani notices that he has put up Sania's photos all over his apartment, it is then that she breaks off the engagement. Ashish knows that Sania will not marry him, as she is a flirt. But when he is assigned to go to Malaysia with Sania, that is where he finds out that Sania is not quite a flirt, but wants to marry him. She even introduces him to her brother, Anna, who instantly approves of the match. Now Anna inducts Ashish into the family business - which is extortion, and a stunned Ashish is trained to be use guns and defend himself. When the time comes for marriage, Ashish confesses that he has cancer. An angered Anna summons Dr. Rustom, who in turn gives a clean health chit, and confirms that Ashish had overhead a conversation about another patient and had misunderstood. A hapless Ashish, fresh out of lies, must now resign himself to getting married to Sania - or else be hunted down and killed by Anna and his gang. This movie is loosely inspired from an old Hindi movie, Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi starring Amol Palekar."] ['The movie opens with Cheech and Chong driving a limo through the desert. Chong, who has decided to stop doing drugs for a while, is talking about rock and roll, and Cheech is falling asleep, but Cheech is narrating over what\'s happening. He says that "things are tough all over" and that he\'s going to tell their story. It\'s an awful winter in Chicago, and Cheech and Chong are poor, struggling musicians working at a car wash owned by a pair of oil-rich Arabs, Mr. Slyman and Prince Habib . After messing up on the job, the 2 are forced by the Arabs to work and play music at their club. Cheech and Chong also try to get with the Arabs\' French girlfriends, who are more in love with the stoners. The Arabs find themselves with a large sum of illegal money, which they try to get to their other business in Las Vegas. They decide to stash all the money in the seats of a limousine. The Arabs hire the stoners to drive the limousine to Las Vegas, telling them that they\'re sending them on a "rock tour." Cheech and Chong at first get gas in Chicago, but when they reveal they\'re strapped for cash, the man at the gas station takes a piece of the car as payment. With that idea, Cheech and Chong find themselves driving across the country, selling parts and pieces of the car for gas, food, and supplies. Soon, their car becomes a wreck and looks messed up, but Cheech and Chong continue to sell parts to get by. While out in the middle of the deserts, they decide to pick up a hitchhiker, who turns out to be none other than Donna , Cheech\'s girlfriend . The two decide to take Donna in their messed-up limo to the nearest gas station. However, Donna is traveling with dozens of Mexicans, so the stoners end up driving all the Mexicans and Donna to the nearest gas station. To pay for gas, Cheech and Chong give the old man that runs the place a chair from the limo- which unknown to them is stuffed with the Arab\'s money. Cheech and Chong deliver the messed-up limousine to the Arabs\' other oil plant in the desert, to find no one there. With no other transportation or money, Cheech and Chong set out on foot into the desert. They wander into the burning deserts, suffering the Nevada heat, and trying to get cars to stop- they remain unsuccessful. Eating peyote to survive and singing to pass the time, Cheech and Chong do their best to get through the desert, though they believe they\'ll die from the heat. Back in Chicago, the Arabs find out that Cheech and Chong have delivered what remains of the car without any money in it. After deciding to kill them, the Arabs fly out to Nevada in their private plane and set out by car into the desert. The Arabs meet the old man at the gas station and learn that Cheech and Chong have been around, and set out into the deserts; their car breaks down, leaving the Arabs to wander through the Nevada deserts and get lost. Meanwhile, while walking through the desert, Cheech and Chong are picked up by the Arab\'s French girlfriends, who take them to an abandoned motel in the middle of the desert. The French girlfriends have sex with the stoners, and are  on a hidden camera film. Afterwards, the French ladies leave in their car, leaving the stoners stranded in the middle of nowhere yet again. Meanwhile, the Arabs are having the same problem, looking for Cheech and Chong in the middle of the desert, having no idea where to go. Cheech and Chong wander through the desert again until they\'re picked up again, this time by comedian Rip Taylor, whose puns and props make Chong cry. The comedian drives the two into Las Vegas and drops them off at a restaurant, and has them dressed up as women to cover up their rags. Cheech and Chong start to dine at the restaurant, before the Arabs show up for dinner as well, having escaped the desert. Before they can eat, all the peyote Chong consumed begins to mess with his mind. Chong becomes emotional and confused, and when the Arabs begin to notice, the stoners try to escape. However, their wigs fall off, and the Arabs realize its Cheech and Chong. The Arabs chase the stoners out of the restaurant and through the streets of Vegas. Cheech and Chong run into a women\'s-only porno theater with the murder-happy Arabs on their tail. In the theater, the Arabs see the showing of the hidden camera film of the stoners having sex with the Arabs\' girlfriends. While the Arabs watch, inspired, Cheech and Chong escape. The stoners ditch the women\'s clothes and set out on foot to leave Las Vegas. The next day, as Cheech and Chong walk out of the city, a car pulls up, and Cheech and Chong get in, to find the Arabs and their French girlfriends. At first, Cheech and Chong are terrified and try to escape, but Mr. Slyman reveals that, instead of killing them, the Arabs have decided to cast the duo in porn films and launder the money through the enterprise. A happy ending, with a narrating Cheech reminding us that "hey, things are tough all over."'] ['{{Multiple issues}} Writer Skip Donahue  and actor Harry Monroe  are fired from their jobs in New York, and leave for Hollywood. Along the way, they take odd jobs to make ends meet. In one such job, Skip and Harry dress up as two woodpeckers, performing a song and dance routine as part of a promotion for a bank. Harry and Skip remove their costumes to take a break, and two men who have been watching steal the costumes and perform the routine as though they were Harry and Skip. The men then use the costumes to rob the bank, and in the confusion Harry and Skip are immediately arrested, whisked through a speedy trial and handed 125-year jail sentences. Their court-appointed lawyer, Len Garber , advises them to wait until he can appeal their case. Life in a maximum-security prison proves difficult for both Skip and Harry. After a failed attempt at faking insanity, they make friends with Jesus Ramirez , a real bank robber, and Rory Schultebrand , a gay man who killed his stepfather. Rory takes an immediate fancy to Harry, much to Harry\'s chagrin. Having been there a while, Jesus and Rory inform Skip and Harry of the numerous goings-on in the prison, as well as the other members and who to watch out for, such as Jack Graham , who runs the cell block, and is in charge of the contraband that comes in; and ax murderer Blade , who runs the "third-world" side of the cell block. The most feared inmate, however, is Grossberger , a convicted mass murderer of incredible size and strength who refuses to speak and is feared by the inmates and guards alike. Seeing something "kind" in Grossberger, the naive Skip attempts to talk with him, unsuccessfully. After being in prison for three months, Skip and Harry are brought to see Warden Walter Beatty  and Deputy Warden Wilson , the head guard. They wish to run a "test" with Harry and Skip on a mechanical bull in the warden\'s office. To everyone\'s surprise, Skip rides the bull at full power, so Beatty selects him to compete in the prison\'s annual rodeo competition. Out in the yard, Jesus and Rory inform Harry and Skip of the truth behind the rodeo: it\'s really a crooked operation run by Beatty and Warden Henry Sampson , who heads the neighboring prison. The money from the rodeo, which is supposed to go to the prisoners, really ends up in the wardens\' pockets. Knowing that Skip will be selected as the prison\'s new "champion", Jesus and Rory hatch a plan for escape. In order for it to work, Skip must refuse to participate in the rodeo: the longer he holds out, the better chance he has at "striking a deal" with the warden. After Skip refuses to participate, the angry warden orders Deputy Wilson to "straighten him out", which Wilson is only too happy to do. Prison life soon becomes more difficult than ever for Harry and Skip as Wilson and the guards attempt to break them down. First they are put on hard labor detail and deprived of both water and sleep. When this fails, the guards lock Skip up, overnight, hanging by his wrists and ankles. Skip awakens the next morning to discover that his bad back is cured. Wilson then puts Skip in solitary confinement; Skip asks for an extra day. Being returned to his cell, Skip discovers that he and Harry have a new cell mate: Grossberger, whom they quickly befriend. Harry and Skip are visited by Garber, along with his cousin Meredith , who is fighting to prove their innocence. Skip takes an immediate liking to Meredith, who informs him she never gets personally involved with clients. Meanwhile, Warden Beatty is furious at Wilson for not breaking Harry and Skip yet, and decides to handle things himself. Soon afterward, Harry is sent to the prison\'s hospital ward for appendicitis. A prisoner in the neighboring bed  tells Harry of the horrors of the ward: he himself was admitted for a hernia operation, and the doctor castrated him in the process. As soon as Harry sees the doctor , he runs screaming from the ward. Skip meets with Warden Beatty to make a deal. In exchange for Skip\'s participation in the rodeo, Skip requests his own crew , along with a much bigger jail cell, all according to the plan. Warden Beatty agrees, telling Deputy Wilson to have an inmate guard watch them at all times. Willson assigns Graham and Blade to the task, who anxiously voice their resentment: Graham, who resents being "pushed aside" for Skip, and Blade, who regard the group as "brown-noses". Wilson tells Graham of his own agenda: Skip will not leave the rodeo alive. Training Skip and Harry for the rodeo, Graham ensures that their lives - especially Harry\'s - are made difficult. While practicing for the rodeo, Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger acquire the numerous tools they require for their escape, using the prison\'s metal shop to transform them into seemingly everyday items. In their new large jail cell, the quintet have numerous comforts: books, a television, a radio, and a guitar, among other things. While relaxing in their cell, Grossberger breaks his silence when he sings "Birmingham Jail" during an awkward moment. Meredith has gotten a job as a waitress in a country western strip club, so she may search for possible suspects. When she meets the real crooks - recognized by a tattoo on one of their hands that a witness  saw on one of them - Meredith calls Len Garber, and the police. The rodeo begins, and Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger all perform their tasks flawlessly, arousing no suspicions, in spite of Wilson and Graham\'s attempt to kill Skip: Graham spikes a horse Skip is riding, but Skip manages to stay on the horse and dismount, unhurt. Graham then puts a lock on the gate, trapping Skip inside with an out-of control bull, but Grossberger breaks the lock off, allowing Skip out through the chute with the bull. During every major event when everyone is distracted, one of them slips out through a secret opening, taking them through air vents to either a restroom, where Jesus\' wife Teresa  waits to provide them disguises, or through a vent to a hollow pushcart, manned by Jesus\' brother Ramon . Once through, they put on their disguises and re-enter the grounds as customers. Skip is set to compete against reigning champion Caesar Geronimo  to swipe the prize: a bag of money  from the horns of a large, Brahman bull. Skip asks Caesar if he\'s tired of being his warden\'s stooge, suggesting that they give the money to the prisoners, even offering to help Caesar win if he chooses to do so. Both contestants play hard, but Caesar is the winner, grabbing the bag. Inspired by Skip\'s words, Caesar throws the bag over the fence to the inmates, much to the shock and outrage of wardens Beatty and Sampson. Skip prepares his own escape through the secret opening, but Graham shows up, suspicious. Grossberger knocks Graham out and Skip makes his escape into the waiting pushcart. He\'s herded off into the waiting camper, and the group drives off. Arriving at a secret meeting spot, Jesus and Rory quickly make introductions, then bid Harry and Skip farewell as they all pile into a waiting car, heading off to Mexico. Harry and Skip hop in the other waiting car, only to be stopped by another car containing Len Garber and Meredith. She tells Harry and Skip that, thanks to her work, the police have captured the real crooks, who have confessed to the bank robbery that wrongly convicted them. Harry and Skip, ecstatic, decide to resume their original plans of heading to Hollywood. Skip asks Meredith to go with him, and Meredith, on a whim, says yes.'] ["Leo works for Next Day Air , a package delivery company, but is going to get fired for any more mistakes. While delivering a package addressed to Jesus in apartment 302, Leo accidentally delivers it to apartment 303. Before Leo can leave Jesus asks if Leo has the package and gets worried when he is empty handed. Guch and Brody, two inept criminals, open the package and find ten bricks of cocaine hidden in a clay pot. Brody remembers that his cousin, Shavoo, has cut cocaine before. Shavoo and his partner, Buddy, come to Guch's apartment and settle on $15,000 a brick. Bodega, Jesus's boss and original sender of the package, calls to confirm the package was delivered. Jesus tells Bodega it was not delivered even though the tracking information says otherwise. Jesus is concerned that Bodega is going to kill him and assumes that Leo stole the package. While searching Jesus tells Chita that his previous boss was killed because of a similar situation. Jesus and Chita find Eric, another employee of NDA, who they hold at gun point and steal his watch. Finally realizing that it is not Leo they continue their search. Shavoo has trouble getting the money from storage because he was robbed by the front desk clerk. He interrogates the clerk and finds the storage garage where his money and supplies are. Shavoo and Buddy locks the clerk and his accomplice inside a garage, bound and gagged with duct tape. Bodega surprises Jesus in Philadelphia, to his dismay, and they search for Leo together. Jesus tortures Leo but he can't remember anything. Back at the apartments Leo is walking down the hallway and finally remembers he delivered it to 302. Bodega forces Leo to request the package back while Guch is inside counting the money. Brody informs Leo that he sent the package back to NDA headquarters. Bodega realizes something strange is going on and forces his way into the apartment. Everyone is at gun point but Guch takes the first shot at Jesus. After the gunfight Shavoo limps away nearly dead; Leo, completely uninjured, jumps up and leaves with the money; and Chita comes to check on Jesus, who is wounded. Luckily, he is saved by the watch he took from another employee of NDA earlier. Jesus and Chita walk away with the cocaine as sirens can be heard in the background."] ["A spy plants a capsule of microfilm on Albin and from then on spies and government agents pursue him. Albin and Renato travel to Italy to hide at Renato's mother's farm. At each point along the way we see the straight world's reaction to Albin."] ['Gilbert Noble ([[Chris Klein  takes a stray cat named "Ringo" to the animal pound where he works. Gilbert gets his haircut by a beautiful young hairdresser named Josephine "Jo" Wingfield ([[Heather Graham . As Jo cuts Gilbert\'s hair, she mentions that she lost a tail-less cat named Ringo a while ago, leading Gilbert to tell her that Ringo is at the pound. Immediately after this revelation, Jo accidentally cuts off a part of Gilbert\'s ear, and he is rushed to the hospital. To make up for the incident, Jo invites Gilbert to her house for lunch the next day, where Gilbert meets Jo\'s self-centered mother, Valdine , and stroke-suffering father, Walter . After lunch, Gilbert and Jo start dating, and fall in love. Gilbert and Jo eventually have sex for the first time. Just as Gilbert prepares to propose to Jo, he receives a call from a detective  who has been searching for Gilbert\'s long-lost mother. Apparently, the detective has come up with the news that Gilbert\'s mother is really Valdine Wingfield, which shocks everyone. Jo leaves the Wingfield home, and Gilbert stays there while the news spreads that they had sex as siblings. 16 months later, a surprise comes to the Wingfield doorstep in the form of a young man named Leon Pitofsky  who claims to be Valdine and Walter\'s son, and presents his birth certificate as proof. Valdine and Walter feel better for a few moments before angrily lashing out at Gilbert and forcing him to leave. Gilbert runs for his life and flees Indiana to tell Jo, who now lives in Oregon, the news. Valdine phones the police station in the county where Jo lives, and reports Gilbert as a sexual predator in order to stop Gilbert from telling Jo. She tells the police to keep the whole thing quiet, but the police prove to be just as corrupt as the criminals they capture and hang "Wanted" posters all over Gilbert\'s destination town, depicting Gilbert as a "sexual predator". On his way to the town, Gilbert hits a legless middle-aged African-American named Dig McCaffrey . After stopping to help Dig, Gilbert offers Dig a ride. When they part, Dig tells Gilbert that he is one eighth Chippewa, , and that Gilbert saved his life, and therefore Dig is in debt to Gilbert. He offers Gilbert directions and hands him a business card should he ever need him. Gilbert is soon spotted by people who saw the posters, and is immediately shunned by the society as a "pervert". Meanwhile, Josephine becomes engaged to Jack Mitchelson , a rich and powerful young man who secretly deals in cocaine and marijuana, and controls over half the county by paying off numerous politicians. Valdine keeps on pushing Josephine to marry Jack, although Josephine still loves Gilbert. Gilbert tries to hide from the authorities, and Dig frequently aids him in his escape from muggers and killers. Ultimately, after many escapades with fellow patient, Mr. Campisi , Gilbert manages to find Leon, Valdine\'s real son. To win Josephine back, Gilbert and Dig make a plan to change Josephine\'s mind before the impending wedding. The plan backfires when Leon gets away from Dig. Gilbert finds himself with his hand inside a cow\'s rectum, and Josephine sees him. In another attempt, he displays a sign with the message "JO! I\'M NOT YOUR BROTHER! MARRY ME!" across the sky from a plane before Gilbert is arrested and sent to an asylum—after the word "NOT" is ripped off by a nearby tree as they take off in Dig\'s plane. Ultimately, Gilbert is not able to stop Josephine from marrying Mitchelson. Police arrive at the marriage scene to inform that Gilbert died in car accident, which was actually an act of sabotage by Leon. But unknown to everyone, Gilbert was not driving the car at the time of the accident. One of Mitchelson\'s goons had taken the car from Gilbert and the ashes are his. Walter makes a good recovery and reveals to Josephine that Valdine conspired to destroy their relationship and force Josephine into marrying Mitchelson. Also, the news that Valdine is Gilbert\'s mother was fed to the detective by Mitchelson. Josephine defies Valdine for the first time which proves to be too much for Valdine to handle, and Valdine has a stroke and falls unconscious while attacking Leon, who also participated in interrupting the wedding. Thinking that Gilbert is dead, Josephine goes back to the roof of the animal shelter where they used to hang out to disperse Gilbert\'s ashes and to give him the one gun salute that Gilbert used to give dogs who were about to be put to sleep. Gilbert, who has just begun working at his old job, sees her and mistakenly believes that she wants to commit suicide. They are finally reunited on the roof of the same animal shelter which was a catalyst for their coming together. A few months later, Gilbert and Josephine are married, and Walter, Valdine, Leon, Dig and many other people attend, with Walter on his feet and Valdine in a wheelchair after her stroke. Also, as a surprise wedding present, Gilbert\'s mother agent turns up and tells Gilbert that he has truly found his mother. In an ironic twist, Gilbert\'s mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers, a famous actress/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to fantasize while masturbating. ; Alternative ending The DVD includes an extended ending where, after Gilly discovers his mother\'s identity, we cut to him and Jo on the roof to his vet office - Gilly got his vet - and he says that there is are only lonely people, then they kiss and live happily ever after.'] ['Nia Vardalos and Toni Collette play the titular characters, whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends. Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a variety act at an airport lounge. After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in Los Angeles. Initially working at a beauty salon, they wind up posing as drag queens and auditioning to host a drag revue at a gay club. Because they sing their own songs , they are hired, and their variety show (first entitled What a Drag  becomes a hit. Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men interfere with their life. This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff , the straight brother of Robert , one of their drag queen friends. As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley , to convert it into a full dinner theater, and eventually their popularity threatens to expose them. On the official opening night of the dinner theater, the mob killers catch up with them, but with the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience , Connie and Carla take them down. They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and are accepted for who they are. Connie reveals herself to Jeff, who arrives after the chaos. He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend.  The following is a list of musicals referenced or featured in the film : * Oklahoma! - Connie and Carla perform "Oklahoma!" as young girls in their school lunchroom and in the airport lounge and "I Cain\'t Say No" during their audition at The Handlebar. * Jesus Christ Superstar - Connie and Carla perform "Superstar" in the airport lounge and "Everything\'s Alright" during their first performance at The Handlebar. * Yentl - Connie and Carla perform "Papa, Can You Hear Me?" in the airport lounge. * Cats - Connie and Carla perform "Memory" in the airport lounge. * The Rocky Horror Show - Peaches \'n\' Creme perform "The Time Warp" at The Handlebar. * Cabaret - Connie and Carla perform "Maybe This Time" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Evita - Connie and Carla perform "Don\'t Cry for Me, Argentina" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Mame - Interludes during the picture with the character Tibor seeing several performances of Mame. * South Pacific - "I\'m Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair", is part of Connie and Carla\'s performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. They also sing "There Is Nothing Like a Dame" at the end of the film with the rest of the main cast. * Funny Girl - Connie and Carla sing "Don\'t Rain on My Parade", part of their performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. * Thoroughly Modern Millie, The Producers, Say Goodnight, Gracie, Never Gonna Dance, Gypsy, Chicago, Mamma Mia!, Long Days Journey into Night, Master Harold...and the Boys, Avenue Q, Man of La Mancha, and Hairspray - Billboards for these shows are shown. * Gypsy, Rent, and Hairspray - At this point in the film, these are mentioned by Tibor, Hairspray, of which, he got a matinée ticket, though no songs from the shows are sung. The theater productions of Rent, Hairspray, and Mamma Mia! became semi-successful movie musicals shortly after this film. * Gypsy - "Let Me Entertain You" is performed by Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls. * Hair - Connie says the guys should enter from the back of the house on "Good Morning, Starshine". * The Music Man - Debbie Reynolds says they should enter from the back of the house on "Seventy-Six Trombones". * Grease - Debbie Reynolds, Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls sing "There Are Worse Things I Could Do". * A Chorus Line - Connie and Carla sing "What I Did for Love". * Guys and Dolls - Connie mentions "the Guys and Dolls tribute."'] ["The story concerns Harvard student Alan Jensen, the point guard of the Harvard basketball team. When his parents' house is destroyed by a tornado, Alan is desperate for $100,000 to replace their home. He is approached by his girlfriend Cindy Bandolino, whose father is an organized crime boss. Cindy convinces Alan to throw the game for the money. She tells Alan that her father is behind the deal, but actually she goes to her father's associate, Teddy Carter, and Carter's assistant, Kelly Morgan for funding. What she does not know is that Carter and Morgan are undercover FBI agents. Alan throws the game, gives his parents the money, and then undergoes a psychedelic experience after he ingests a big dose of LSD, 15,000 micrograms. There follows a long stretch of the film during which morphing special effects demonstrate Alan's altered state as he is pursued by Carter, while Cindy is collared by Morgan. Just when it looks like a toss-up as to what will prove his downfall first, the bad trip, the FBI, or the mob, Alan's other girlfriend , Chesney Cort , saves the day. Not only does she get Alan to a doctor who can bring him back to sobriety, she reveals that she is in a sexual threesome with Carter and Morgan. Once he gets some photographic evidence for blackmail, Alan is extricated from his problems."] ["When a young pilot, Daniel Bellamy, is presumed dead after crashbombing an enemy aircraft carrier, the footage of the crash and his presumably final reminisence of walking in the park with 'Piggy' and kissing her on the nose is sent back home. A typographical error in transcribing his words becomes a tribute to heroism, while a girl who worked in his office, Peggy, is thought to be the object of his secret love. However, Dan returns home and in order to save embarrassment for both the girl and himself, he tries to keep up the pretense. Dan reveals that he was not speaking of a girl, but in fact he meant his dog. A series of comical mishaps ensue, leading to resolution of the misunderstanding. The resolution, however, is long coming."] ["Neal Page is trying to return to his family for Thanksgiving in Chicago after being on a business trip in New York. His journey is doomed from the outset, with Del Griffith  interfering first by leaving his trunk by the side of the road causing Neal to trip when racing an uncredited character  for a cab, then moments later again by inadvertently snatching the taxi cab that Neal had bought from an attorney just before. The two inevitably pair up later and begin an error-prone adventure to help Neal get back to his home. Their flight from LaGuardia Airport to O'Hare is diverted to Wichita due to a blizzard in Chicago, which ends up dissipating only a few hours after touchdown in Kansas. When every mode of transport  fails them, what should have been an 1 hour and 45 minute New York-to-Chicago flight turns into a three-day adventure. To complicate matters even further, on the first night in Wichita, a thief breaks into the poorly-locked motel and steals almost $1,000 aggregate from the two men. Neal frequently blows up at Del, blaming him for much of their misfortunes, including the robbery of the first night. These ravings are not all unjustified, as Del's carelessly discarded cigarette sets fire to the rental car, melting all but the radio. Del in turn regards Neal as a pretentious and uptight cynic while Del is less afraid to be himself. After a much heated argument between the two men, a bond between them forms, and Neal finally manages to overcome his arrogance. Both men pull together to finally make their way home, while Del manages to raise money by selling off his entire inventory of shower curtain rings, to kids and adults alike, who think they make good earrings. Under the assumption that Del has a wife and family of his own , the two men part ways. However, Neal later pieces together things Del said and realizes that Del is alone. He goes back to the train station where he had left Del and sees him sitting alone, inside an empty station, after they finally make it back to Chicago. Del tells Neal that Marie actually died eight years prior and that he has been homeless ever since. Neal, having become a nicer person during the journey, invites Del to enjoy Thanksgiving with his family."] ["Hugo Z. Hackenbush  is a veterinarian who is hired as chief of staff for the Standish Sanitarium, owned by Judy Standish , at the insistence of her most important patient, the rich Mrs. Upjohn, , who insists on being treated only by Dr. Hackenbush. The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times, and banker J.D. Morgan  is attempting to gain control of it. Judy hopes that Mrs. Upjohn will make a large donation and stop that from happening. Meanwhile, Judy's boyfriend, singer Gil Stewart ([[Allan Jones , has taken his life's savings and bought a horse with it, instead of paying for vocal lessons to further his career as a radio singer. His hope is that the horse, Hi-Hat, will win a big race, and the money will save the sanitarium. Unfortunately, he now has no money to pay for the horse's feed, and he and Tony , who works for the sanitarium, and Stuffy , Hi-Hat's jockey, have to resort to trickery to fend off the Sheriff  &ndash; who is Morgan's stooge &ndash; attempts to rattle Mrs. Upjohn's faith in Hackenbush by having her discover him in a compromising situation with a floozie, . Hackenbush is saved by Stuffy and Tony, who pose as house detectives and then as paperhangers, pasting the vamp to the wall behind layers of wallpaper. Next, Whitmore brings in the eminent Dr. Steinberg , who exposes Hackenbush as a quack. Hackenbush, Tony, Stuffy and Gil hide out in Hi-Hat's stable, where Judy soon joins them. Morgan finds them and is about to have them arrested when the horse sees him and bolts, running for the racetrack, where he jumps the fence and enters the ongoing race, with Stuffy riding him and spurring him on by showing the animal a picture of Morgan."] ['The film tells the story of Pepe el Toro, the poor carpenter, his wife, and his daughter Chachita. It tells the story of the grandmother of Chachita, who wants Chachita to live with her and take her away from the poor neighborhood, because the grandmother, who is very rich, likes Chachita\'s personality. The life of Pepe el Toro and his family is long to be prompted to be happy when they welcome a son that called "Torito", but then the father of Chachita appears alongside his mother. They want to Chachita to live with them so they can leave poverty, but she is not getting along with the rich comments over the poverty and also she is making friends with El Atarantado, a silly but loyal boy from the vicinity. In the other side, Pepe get some jobs and soon is being pulled apart of his family by one of his old friends in jail, who is making him becoming closer to Ledo "El Tuerto" who has escaped from jail and wants to take revenge of losing his eye. Finally Chachita decides to be closer to her family and leaves her natural family, her father, surprised to Chachita\'s action wants to leave his family and live with Chachita in poverty. When El Camello, a hunchback Lottery vendor learns that Lido is free and tries to tell Pepe, but is discovered by Lido\'s henchmen and throw him to the tramway rails just in the moment the tramway passes over his legs losing them in the process. In his agony he sees Pepe but he can not live enough to warn over the danger that is over his family and friends. All the adults in the vicinity brings El Camello body to be buried, while this is happening, Lido set fire on Pepe\'s carpentry where Chachita and Torito are trapped, Chachita\'s father saves her life but he dies in the process while Torito is trapped in the fire. Pepe arrives too late to save the baby that is horribly burned to death. Some days later, Chachita goes to his grandmother home to seek councel from her, but she finds her also alone, because she finds that no one is really paying respects to her son and only wants to wait more money. In Pepe\'s house, he is crying over his dead son remembering all the happy moments that he shared with him, finally he went out to leave his kid with La Chorreada. Just moments later, his friend makes him know about the guilty of the fire and guides him to the Energy Company building where he is confronted by Lido El Tuerto and his henchmen, a fight begins with Lido shooting at Pepe but he only hits him in an ear, then the fist fight turns to Lido\'s side, until one of his allies dies electrocuted when failing in a high voltage room. The fight continues and Lido and his partner is getting Pepe to the board of the roof, but Pepe is able to pull both Lido and his partner to make them fall to their death. Some time later, a meeting is done to celebrate the new born kid of Pepe and La Chorreada. Chachita\'s grandmother decides to live with them as long as she learned her lesson that money does not bring love and everyone is happy again.'] ['Kevin Franklin  is an inner-city Pittsburgh native; raised in an orphanage, has delusions of grandeur, and talks about getting rich and driving a Porsche one day. 25 years later, Franklin drives a rusted MG Midget and all his ambitions revolve around a series of ill-fated get-rich-quick schemes. A handshake loan of $5,000 from the mob grows to $50,000 through interest and penalties, resulting in his trying to skip town at Pittsburgh International Airport. Franklin overhears a conversation between lawyer Gary Young  and his children, who are waiting to pick up his childhood friend Derek Bond, who is now a successful, straight-laced and vegetarian dentist. Upon hearing him say that he hasn\'t seen Bond in 25 years and doesn\'t know what he looks like, Franklin gives his ball cap to the real Bond to throw off the two dim-witted mobsters chasing him and poses as Bond to the Youngs, who take him to their posh home in Sewickley. Although he knows nothing about dentistry, Franklin still manages to convince those around him that he is in fact Derek Bond, and his affable personality makes him popular with Young\'s otherwise stuffy and rich neighbors and associates. Young has little time for his children and his wife\'s new frozen yogurt business, which gradually builds a gap between them, largely due to the demands of his bigoted, arrogant boss  at the law firm where he works; this leads to Franklin developing a bond with Young\'s Goth daughter, helping her stand up to her cheating boyfriend, and his young son, who has aspirations of playing pro basketball. Young eventually stands up to his boss with Franklin\'s support and quits the firm to be with his family. Meanwhile, the mob thugs threaten Franklin\'s best friend Larry  into revealing his whereabouts, and Franklin asks him to pick him up. After he does so reluctantly, he sparks an argument with him over his lack of appreciation of friendship, causing him to realize that Young has been his friend all along. He returns to the Youngs only to find that the mobsters have taken them hostage, and his true identity is revealed when the real Derek Bond finally shows up. After the mobsters take Franklin away, he manages to escape, losing them in a charity marathon, where he meets up with Young, who graciously decides to help him despite his charade, in return for helping bring his family closer together. Franklin reveals that he has an instant lottery ticket he purchased the previous day for a chance at a $1,000,000 cash prize spin on a Saturday night TV show, which he reluctantly gives up to the mobsters in exchange for the forgiveness of his debt. The film fast forwards to wintertime, Franklin parallel parks a shiny new red Porsche with Larry in tow, in front of the Youngs\' house, appearing for a promotional party for his new best-seller book "Handbook for Houseguests", based on his experiences with them. The partygoers gather in front of the TV to watch the mobsters spin the wheel for the jackpot. The wheel initially lands on the million dollar jackpot, but then falls and lands on $5000, much to the mafia don\'s dismay and Franklin\'s delight. During the closing credits, Young and Franklin sing a medley of food-based parodies of Christmas songs as they cook a barbecue in Young\'s backyard.'] ['Blake , is a self-made millionaire from selling bodybuilding supplements, and is mean to his workers. One day, whilst on the way to a paintball game, he is driving recklessly in his car. Chased by the police, he drives to a shopping mall and hides out inside, changing into a Santa Claus costume. He slides down a garbage chute to escape the police and bangs his head, getting amnesia. Mistaken by Lenny  as the mall Santa, Blake begins to think he is Santa Claus. Meanwhile, Ebner Frost , an evil scientist, is trying to take over an orphanage in order to gain access to the magical crystals underneath it. Frost dispatches his henchmen to destroy the orphanage, and only Blake can save the orphan children.'] ['Trudy Kockenlocker  is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can\'t remember, except that "it had a z in it. Like Ratzkiwatzki [...] or was it Zitzkiwitzki?" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn\'t know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like. The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well. Norval Jones , a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy\'s over-protective father , a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. At that point Governor McGinty  and The Boss  step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.Meek, James Plot summary<ref nameavg&sql83564&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis] When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:{{quotation}}'] ["The movie begins in 1973 Moscow, where Engineer Aleksandr Timofeev  is working on a time machine in his apartment. By accident, he sends Ivan Vasilevich Bunsha ([[Yuriy Yakovlev , superintendent of his apartment building, and George Miloslavsky , a small-time burglar, back into the time of Ivan IV. The pair is forced to disguise themselves, with Bunsha dressing up as Ivan IV and Miloslavsky as a knyaz of the same name . At the same time, the real Ivan IV  is sent by the same machine into Shurik's apartment, he has to deal with modern-day life while Shurik tries to fix the machine so that everyone can be brought back to their proper place in time. As the police  close in on Shurik, who is frantically trying to repair the machine, the cover of Bunsha and Miloslavsky is blown and they have to fight off the Streltsy, who have figured out that Bunsha is not the real Tsar. The movie ends with Bunsha, Miloslavsky, and Ivan IV all transported back to their proper places, although the entire thing is revealed to be a dream by Shurik. Or was it?"] ['Con men Eddie Farrel  and Lou Pesquino  need cash fast and pretend to be repair men sent to fix a gas leak. The con fails, but they escape. Eddie and Lou find an empty house that they decide to burglarize. When they learn from a message on the answering machine that the owner is out of the country and the man who was going to house-sit can\'t make it, they spend the night. The next day, Eddie and Lou are on the run from thugs sent by local gangster Sal Nichols , to whom they owe money. After they find themselves separated, Eddie takes refuge in the empty house. In the morning, Eddie walks out of the shower and meets Mona Malkin , whose son owns the house. She assumes Eddie is her son\'s friend Jonathan Albertson, the one supposed to house-sit. Eddie plays along, meeting Mona\'s businessman husband Milt , who offers him a job. Eddie decides to run a "love con" on Milt\'s daughter Annie  in order to gain access to Milt\'s money. However, Lou is captured by Nichols. Eddie and his aunt and uncle  conspire to get Nichols off their backs for good. Along the way, Eddie falls in love with Annie.'] ["While vacationing on the Greek Isle of Love, a repressed 30 year old Stefania reluctantly plays chaperon to her precocious 14 year old niece, Meggy, who plans to lose her virginity before the summer is over. Unbeknownst to Stefania, Meggy's chosen man is in fact Stefania's ex-boyfriend. Amidst a mélange of sun rash, broken diets, nervous girls, sleeping bags, orgasms, 80's music, and a little ginger and cinnamon, the two women discover themselves and their sexuality."] ["An Italian housewife, Rosalba Barletta , finds herself stranded during a family vacation. Instead of waiting for her controlling businessman husband, she hitchhikes her way home, only to impulsively detour to Venice. She finds accommodations with a restaurant maitre d', Fernando Girasole , and soon finds herself enjoying her new life. Meanwhile, her husband has sent a bumbling plumber, Costantino , as a private detective to find her. After meeting and falling in love with Grazia, Rosalba's neighbor across the hall, Costantino calls Rosalba's husband and quits, claiming that he is unable to find her. However, her husband's mistress appears and convinces Rosalba to return to her home in Pescara. Fernando follows her and persuades her to return to Venice with him."] ['Lemmon plays Sam Bissell, a hard-working advertising executive, with two young daughters and a loving wife, Min . An extremely important client, Simon Nurdlinger , is considering taking his business elsewhere when he believes there are no "family men" working at Sam\'s company. Sam\'s boss, Mr. Burke , introduces the client to Sam. The client is delighted by Sam and agrees to do business with him and the company. Sam feels his career is now on the way up and he goes home to celebrate with his wife. There, he meets his wife\'s longtime friend and their new next-door neighbor, Janet , and they all have dinner together to celebrate his promotion and Janet\'s new home. Janet, a beautiful woman, is recently divorced from her husband Howard  and is happier than ever. She has also come into a large inheritance from her grandfather, which carries the stipulation that she must still be married to Howard in order to receive the inheritance. State law dictates that a divorce is not final until a year from final settlement. Since only six months have passed, Janet decides to hide the divorce from her cousins Irene  and Jack ([[Charles Lane  who stand to inherit if Janet is disqualified. With Howard unavailable, Sam is pressed to impersonate him when Irene and Jack arrive for a visit. Having never met Howard, Irene and Jack seem convinced but begin watching the couple, requiring that Janet and Sam  continue the charade for several days. When caught by Mr. Burke and Mr. Nurdlinger, Sam and Janet are then forced into a double charade in which Janet pretends to be Min. The situation begins to unravel when Irene and Jack hire a private investigator to keep watch on Sam and Janet, and Howard re-enters the picture.'] ["Selleck plays Phil Blackwood, an American mystery novelist who comes across a dazzling Romanian murder suspect named Nina  when she is arraigned in the courtroom he's visiting. Instantly falling for her, Blackwood poses as a Roman Catholic priest in order to meet her while she is held pending her continued arraignment. With the help of his friend, Sam , Blackwood invents an alibi for Nina to secure her release. Nina then takes up residence with Blackwood, serving as the inspiration for a novel that will decide the fate of his and Sam's careers in writing and publishing, all while evading operatives from communist Romania. The climax of the film takes place during The Funeral of Grimaldi, a jovial memorial service in which many clowns gather to celebrate the life of Joseph Grimaldi. Although it was Porizkova's best-known film appearance, her role as Nina in Her Alibi earned her a 1990 Golden Raspberry nomination for Worst Actress."] ['The film begins with Thomas and Wayne playing a game of pool against two English men. They almost win but Wayne loses the game on the last shot due to overconfidence. Their friend Jack then arrives. His pool playing skills come to the attention of Holden , who remarks to the bartender Dave  that the three friends might be good enough to play in "Daddy\'s game". "Daddy\'s game" turns out to be an underground pool tournament run by local Greek crime lord Daddy. Each team pays $500 to enter and the winner takes away $20,000 tax free. The three of them agree to enter under the name "Stickmen". The boys leave the bar and go to a cafe, where they meet Sara , a waitress who takes a liking to Thomas. The next morning the three meet up for breakfast where Jack tells them that their first match in the pool tournament will be against two men called Jimmy and Eric, at the Princess Bar. Jack then leaves for work, where he ends up having sex with Karen  in his office. Thomas attends a course on "Coping with Redundancy" but is asked to leave. He runs into Sara, who is doing a management course. The two go for a cup of coffee, which Thomas reluctantly accepts because he has a girlfriend. Later that evening, Thomas accompanies Wayne to a job interview, which turns out to be an escort driver. He will be responsible for driving prostitutes Tess  and Lulu  to their jobs. The madam, Janelle, reveals that Daddy owns the brothel. Wayne gets the job. Meanwhile, Dave is having trouble coming up with the rent for his bar, which he rents from Daddy. Holden turns up and after some friendly chitchat, tells Dave that the cheque bounced. He breaks Dave\'s thumb and promises him that if he doesn\'t get the money, the next one will be a beating. The Stickmen turn up to their match at the Princess Bar, which appears to be a gay bar. They easily win the match and go back to celebrate at Dave\'s bar. Sara turns up and she and Thomas hit it off. Karen arrives and chats with Jack. Thomas and Sara, drunk, leave the bar. Holden tells Jack and Wayne that Daddy wants to meet them, and they agree to meet the next morning. The next morning, Jack and Wayne turn up to Daddy\'s barber shop, which is in a small alley. Thomas doesn\'t show and it is revealed that he slept with Sara. Holden arrives and tells Jack and Wayne that their next match will be against the Men in Black, who are rumoured to be very good. They go inside and meet Daddy, who has two metal hooks instead of hands. He has a number of Greek thugs as bodyguards. He tells them that life is nothing without passion, and his passion is getting players together in his pool tournament. Thomas returns home and finds his girlfriend Marie has packed up his stuff and wants him to leave, having suspected his infidelity. He arrives at the bar and is congratulated by Jack and Wayne for sleeping with Sara. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Sara and Karen know each other and are planning something. The Men in Black, the Stickmen\'s next opponents, turn out to be two priests. They are humorous and good-natured even when the Stickmen beat them. Thomas goes to visit Sara and the two of them bond. Holden tells Jack that Daddy wants another meeting. Jack accompanies Holden and sees Daddy intimidating Dave while shaving him. Dave, who had previously been beaten up by Daddy\'s thugs, is given two days to get Daddy\'s money. Daddy then gives Jack a haircut while offering him a bet of $15,000 on the tournament. Jack protests that they don\'t have that kind of money but Daddy says that they can work out a payment plan. Feeling intimidated, Jack agrees to the bet. The next morning at breakfast Jack breaks the news to the other two that their next match will be against "Caller" , and he remarks that the only way they have a hope is if they win the toss. Sara tells Karen that she\'s not sure if she can go through with their plan. Karen\'s ex-boyfriend Hugh and his friend turn up and Sara leaves. She meets Thomas at the Bucket Fountain on Cuba Street, where they agree to take their relationship to the next level . The next evening, Wayne rescues Lulu from a fat, drunken customer, who has passed out on top of her. He invites her to come and watch him play pool to cheer her up, and takes her home to get his cue. However, he finds that Tess, who had been living with him temporarily, has stolen most of his stuff. He explodes in a fit of anger, starts drinking and tells Lulu that Caller is too good and they can\'t beat him. After some encouragement from Lulu, he agrees to play. Caller, it turns out, is a pierced, bare-chested pool player with dreadlocks who gets his nickname from calling his shots. Wayne turns up drunk and announces to Thomas and Jack that he will play Caller. Jack objects, knowing that he is the only one who has a chance at winning, but Holden states that since Wayne has stepped up, he has to play. In a "drunken master" style, Wayne runs the table and beats Caller, who never gets a single shot. As Holden mentioned earlier in the film, New Zealand pub rules require a player who loses a game without sinking any of his balls to drop his trousers. Caller appears to comply with the rule, but then punches Wayne in the face. In the resulting fight, Jack\'s hand is cut. Holden, backed up by two of Daddy\'s thugs wielding machetes, forces Caller to drop his trousers. Due to Jack\'s injury, he is barely able to play pool, meaning that Thomas and Wayne will have to play in the semi-finals. Knowing that they have lost their star player, they decide to quit. Dave convinces them to keep playing by telling them that he gets to keep the bar if they win. He buys them matching jackets to wear to the finals. At the semi-finals, Holden announces that their opponent is "Bastinados", who turn out to be Sara and Karen. The other match is the "Farmers" versus the "Bankers" . Karen and Sara are exceptionally good, but Sara throws the game by sinking the cue ball on the same shot as the 8-ball. In the break between the game, Sara and Thomas go to the roof to talk, where she tells him that she threw the game and really cares about him. Jack takes Wayne and gets him drunk in the hopes that he will repeat his performance against Caller. Daddy, not wanting the Stickmen to win, locks Thomas and Sara on the roof. Wayne steps up to the break of the final match against the Bankers but passes out on the table. Jack has to play, being the only one left. However, Holden rescues Thomas and Sara, and Thomas proceeds to win the game for the Stickmen. Hugh snaps his cue over his knee in anger and storms out. Daddy tells them to stop by his barber shop next week to collect the money. A few weeks later, we see that Dave has done up his bar, which is now a successful establishment, and the film ends with the Stickmen playing a friendly game of pool in the bar.'] ['The film opens at St. Anne\'s Academy, a California Catholic school in 1968, where a young girl named Deloris Wilson is scolded for wisecracking and disobeying rules. The setting then changes to the present day, where Deloris Van Cartier is a lounge singer working in a casino called The Moonlight Lounge, located in Reno, Nevada run by her boyfriend, Vince LaRocca, a mobster. After Deloris witnesses Vince executing a chauffeur, Vince orders his men Joey and Willy to kill her too. Deloris flees Vince\'s casino to the local police station where Lieutenant Eddie Souther suggests she testify against Vince if he can be arrested and tried, but for now, she should go into witness protection until the time comes. Deloris is taken to St. Katherine\'s Roman Catholic Church in a seedy run down neighborhood of San Francisco, where Souther suggests she disguise herself as a nun. Both Deloris and the Reverend Mother object, but are convinced by Souther and Monsignor O\'Hara to go ahead with it. Deloris becomes a nun and is given the name "Sister Mary Clarence". Mary Clarence objects to following the simple lives of the nunnery, but comes to befriend several of the nuns, including the forever jolly Sister Mary Patrick, quiet and meek Sister Mary Robert, and the elderly deadpan Sister Mary Lazarus. After sneaking into a nearby bar, Mary Clarence is punished by Reverend Mother and put into the choir, which she has seen to be dreadful. The choir nuns, having heard "Sister Mary Clarence" has a background in music, elect her to take over as choir director, which she accepts, and she rearranges them to make them better singers. At the Sunday Mass, the choir sings perfectly before going into a gospel and rock and roll-infused performance of "Hail Holy Queen". The Reverend Mother is infuriated, but Monsignor O\'Hara is thrilled as the music brought people in off the streets. The choir cleans up the neighborhood and wows church-goers with their music, with Souther eventually attending a performance of "My Guy" . Eventually, O\'Hara announces to the choir that Pope John Paul II is to visit the church to see the choir himself. Reverend Mother decides to hand in her resignation since her authority has been unintentionally undermined, but Mary Clarence offers to leave in her stead, to which the Reverend Mother disagrees. Detective Tate, a police officer on Vince\'s payroll, finds out where Deloris is and contacts Vince, who sends Joey and Willy out to grab her. Souther realizes Tate\'s betrayal, has him arrested, and flies to San Francisco to warn Mary Clarence, but she is kidnapped by Vince\'s men. The nuns, led by the Reverend Mother risk their lives by going to Reno to save Mary Clarence. Meanwhile, she escapes Vince and his men, leading to a chase around the casino until the nuns find her and try to sneak out. Vince, Joey and Willy confront the nuns, but are unable to bring themselves to shoot Deloris while she is in a nun\'s habit, and Souther bursts in, shoots Vince in the arm, and has the men arrested. The film ends with the choir, led by Deloris, singing before the Pope "I Will Follow Him", earning a round of applause that is led by the Pope and Reverend Mother. The end credits reveals Deloris\' secret life as a nun was sold to the media and has become a sensation.'] ["George, a chronic hypochondria, wakes up in the morning after a series of dreams dealing with health issues and takes his daily pills. His wife, Judy, locks herself out of the house when receiving a delivery from the milk man. She made her way in at the side window and makes breakfast. Judy gossips to George about the Bullard’s divorce with many false assumptions about the split. When he experiences chest pains, George goes to the hospital for a checkup and overhears his doctor discussing the diagnosis of a terminally ill patient who had two weeks to live with an associate. He assumes that Dr. Morrissey was talking about him and was distraught. On the train back home he tells his friend, Arnold that he will die soon and decided to not tell Judy knowing it will upset her. At night he dreamed about Judy marring Vito who is only out for their money. Worried about her, he made plans before his death. He visited a funeral home operated by Mr. Adkins to buy a burial plot. There he gets the idea that he should seek a husband for Judy. He asks Arnold to help him find a new husband for his wife so he will know she is taken care of. On a golfing trip Judy's go- cart malfunctions and is saved by her old college beau Bert, now a Texas oil baron. George agreed with Arnold that he will be great for Judy. During the night out, George forces Judy to dance and talk to Bert. When George ran into Linda Bullard, she kissed him thanking him for the conversation. When Judy sees them she walks out, thinking that the only reason he is pushing her to spend time with Bert is to have an affair with Linda. He then tells her that he is dying. Upset, Judy puts George in a wheelchair. When Dr. Morrissey made a visit and tells her that he is fine, she thinks George is lying to get out of his affair. She rolls him out of the house locking him out. The next day Judy left to buy a train ticket. At the train station he tells her that he is dying and had bought a burial plot. Thinking it is another lie she went home to get her bags. When Mr. Akins delivered the burial contracts, she realized that George was telling the truth and forgives him."] ['Val Waxman  is a one-time prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend . When he is thrown off his latest effort , he desperately seeks a real movie project. Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. However, the offer comes from his former wife  and her current boyfriend , the studio head who stole Val\'s wife from him. Pushed by his agent , Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin. The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both metaphorically and literally. It is easy to envision the movie as a not-so-subtle metaphor for Allen\'s real-life struggles during the 1990s to regain  his early momentum in the film-making milieu. In the end, Val\'s project costs $60 million—and flops. Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France. Winning his wife back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist."'] ['Two elderly brothers Masterman  and Joseph Finsbury  are the last surviving members of a tontine, an investment scheme set up many years before, in which the last surviving member stands to receive a fortune. Masterman is attended by his medical student grandson, Michael , while his greedy cousins Morris  and John  do their best to keep their annoying uncle Joseph alive. Masterman, who hasn\'t talked to his despised brother in many years, summons Joseph to his "deathbed", intending to kill him so that Michael can get the money. On the train trip to London, Joseph escapes from his minders, entering a compartment and boring the sole occupant with a litany of trivial facts . The other man later turns out to be the "Bournemouth Strangler". Joseph later leaves to smoke a cigarette leaving his coat behind, which the strangler puts on. The train then crashes head-on into another one coming the other way. In the confusion, Morris and John find the strangler\'s mutilated body and mistakenly believe it is that of their uncle. Morris decides to try to hide this long enough for Masterman to pass away. Morris and John put the body in a barrel and have it shipped to their London home, next door to Masterman\'s residence. However, it is delivered to the Masterman house. Joseph makes his way to London on his own and visits his brother; they quarrel. Meanwhile, Michael meets and falls in love with Joseph\'s ward, Julia . Things become complicated when Michael discovers the contents of the barrel and, after learning of the dispute between Masterman and Joseph from family butler Peacock ([[Wilfrid Lawson , assumes that his grandfather has killed his brother. Various misunderstandings and antics result.'] ['Magazine publisher Van Stanhope  and his wife, Linda,  are celebrating their third wedding anniversary. They are very much in love and Van gives Linda a diamond bracelet. However, Van\'s secretary, the beautiful Helen "Whitey" Wilson , is thought by Van\'s mother to be a temptation to Van. Linda refuses to listen to all of her friends and Van\'s mother as she trusts Van. In truth, she has all the reason in the world to trust him, as his relationship with Whitey is strictly business. Meanwhile, Whitey\'s beau, Dave , is very uncomfortable about her relationship with Van as he calls one night while they\'re having dinner to ask that Whitey help him finish work at a party. When Dave asks Whitey to marry him, Whitey refuses, and buries herself further in her work. When Van has to be very secretive to buy J. D. Underwood\'s weekly, for fear that his rival will buy it instead, only Whitey is permitted to know, providing still more conflict between Van and his wife. When Van returns from his business meeting with Underwood, and tells Linda that he has been at the club all day, Linda discovers that he has not been at the club but rather has been out with Whitey, who was merely helping him prepare for his discussion with Underwood. At a skating party, Linda is too sick to skate, but hears from one of the wives there that Van and Whitey are most likely having an affair as Van and Whitey skate. When Linda and Van get into the car, they fight when Linda requests that Van have Whitey moved to another employer. Van refuses and Linda ignores him for the rest of the evening until she calls him back to make up. Van plans a trip for himself and Linda, but when he learns that Underwood is at a conference in Havana, changes his plans and won\'t permit Linda to accompany him while he works. Whitey learns of important information regarding the rival paper, which results in Van bringing her to Havana to close the deal. While celebrating the successful closing of the deal, they develop a drunken attraction to each other but do not consummate this attraction. When Linda calls, Whitey answers the phone, and she assumes they are having an affair. Van returns to New York only to have Linda ignoring him entirely and asking for a divorce. Lonely, he asks Whitey to accompany him to Bermuda as a friend, which she, having fallen in love with Van, agrees to. But realizing that Van will never love her as much as he loves Linda, she visits her on the boat that Linda has planned to take her to Europe. Whitey tells her to go back to Van, telling her that she would be a fool to let him go. After resistance, Linda meets him in his office and they make up. Whitey is then met by Dave where they make up as well.'] ['Larry McCoy , Bill Little , and Everett Shackleford  are members of the Army National Guard. Larry loses his job and his girlfriend Karen reveals that she is pregnant with someone else’s baby. Bill is having a hard time with wife Connie and Everett lives in a storage locker as a security guard after getting fired from being a police officer. Bill shows Larry how to get over his grief of Karen by shooting the gifts that he got Karen. Meanwhile, an Army Colonel gets a request for more troops for Fallujah and sends Master Sergeant Kilgore  to assess the situation at the local reserve base where he finds Bill, Larry, and Everett. He puts them through a training regimen and sends them to Fallujah. They fall asleep in a Humvee aboard the cargo plane and, with Kilgore snagged onto the medical supplies, fall out when the plane experiences turbulence. After they wake up the next morning, they believe they are in Iraq. Everett breaks the radio and they find Kilgore lying next to one of the supply crates, concluding he had died. After running out of water, Everett starts to urinate in a canteen and leaves it on a crate. They solemnly bury him and give a brief eulogy with Everett also praying about Powerball. After gearing up, Larry holds a machine gun and says, "All right ladies...Let’s Git R Done." Little do they know, they\'ve actually landed in Central Mexico. After some driving and looking at a map of Iraq, Larry confirms that they were lost. Everett complains about not getting to shoot anyone yet while Bill and Larry tell him the rules of engagement. Everett sees two Mexicans with their mule and views them as a threat. He fires as the two men and their donkey duck to the floor. The three soldiers confront the men and see that Everett killed their mule by mistake. Larry tells them that they\'re here to liberate their people. The mule regains consciousness and the two Mexicans ask the soldiers to help their village. They accept. Back at the landing sight, Kilgore jumps out of his burial and sees a sign which shows that he is in Mexico. He sees a canteen on a crate . He pours it on his head, drinks it, and realizes that it’s urine. Meanwhile, the soldiers and the two Mexicans look over a rock and Larry sees through the binoculars that "Iraqi Insurgents" abusing the residents of La Miranda. Larry, Bill, and Everett devise a plan and Bill isn\'t sure. Larry looks back and sees one of the Insurgents holding the Mayor’s daughter by the arm, presumably to be taken away as a slave girl or raped. The three soldiers drive into the village, poorly shooting and manage to drive and scare most of them away while capturing one for questioning. The villagers throw a party to celebrate. Meanwhile, Kilgore is found to be alive. Larry asks the prisoner, Ricardo, if he is Republic Guard or Al Qaeda and where are the weapons of mass destruction, and Everett, in a homemade sniper suit, asks if he\'s a Turd or a Shi\'ite. Ricardo realizes they are confused and laughs at them. When Larry asks what was funny, Ricardo says, "You\'re not in Iraq, gringo." Larry realizes that gringo is a term used by Mexicans. Larry finds Bill who says jokingly that they may be in Mexico. They realize they are still fighting terrorism in a different form. They learn the name of the leader of the bandits is Carlos Santana . Meanwhile, the soldiers fix up the town, calling the mission "Operation: Sombrero." A bartender informs Bill of a nearby phone while he tries to fix the radio and Bill leaves without telling Larry or Everett. As Bill is being reprimanded for being in Mexico instead of Iraq, Santana takes him hostage. Santana takes Bill back to the town and threatens to kill him, but Larry points out that he can kill Santana despite the number of bandits. Bill is released and Kilgore arrives to yell at Bill and Larry. He doesn\'t notice Santana and the others until he is held at gunpoint. Everett arrives and a fight begins. The next day, Kilgore agrees to help defend La Miranda. The townspeople hide in the church when the bandits arrive. The bandits arrive with a Sherman tank. Everett attempts to get the rocket launcher in the bunk house, but the tank destroys the bunk house. Larry runs off to the cannon and sets it up. The tank aims at him and at the last second he kicks the cannon and it fires, blowing the tank up. The men of the village decide to join the fight. They scare the enemy away, but Santana stays behind and captures Maria to be his slave. Larry punches Santana and rescues Maria. They then share their first kiss while other U.S. troops arrive and capture the insurgents. Somehow, news reports start inexplicably spreading across the globe about the humanitarian aid given by the army in "Operation: Sombrero" and its efforts to capture local crime lord Carlos Santana. The soldiers receive Silver Stars for their actions as Bill also receiving the Purple Heart for being shot in the behind. Sergeant Kilgore moves to Miami, Florida, where he opens a private exercise camp. Everett moves to Mexico and becomes a luchador named "Carne Asada." Bill sues the Mexican government and moved to Beverly Hills after an out of court settlement. Larry goes back to Mexico, marries Maria, and opens up a restaurant called "Larry\'s Mess Hall" in Cabo San Lucas. Santana was jailed and put into a rehab program. After being released, he became a ventriloquist to the repaired José.'] ["Dagwood Bumstead is forced to receive a college diploma in order to remain a worker at the Dithers Construction Company. He goes to school with his wife Blondie, until they get the news married couples are not allowed. They decide to pretend they aren't a couple. A dilemma starts when Laura Wadsworth begins to flirt with Dagwood and B.M.O.C. Rusty Bryant does the same with Blondie. Even more problems come to Blondie when she discovers she is pregnant. Afraid to tell Dagwood out of fear for expulsion, she decides to keep it a secret."] ['Three British government bureaucrats arrive in Kent to inquire as to why the coastal Anderida marsh is not being cultivated. The reason is that most of the local people know about or are involved in the liquor smuggling scheme operated by Captain Biddle and his accomplice Robert , who is posing as a fisherman when he is seen by the newspaper editor and his journalist daughter Meg. Robert persuades them not to report it in the newspaper, and tells Biddle about his encounter with them. Biddle does not like the idea of any local “Lily White” knowing about their illegal activity; he was once married to a Lily White. The smugglers’ next cargo gets caught in a violent storm, and their boat washes inland, settling in the meadow of a farmer whose wife Polly happens to be Biddle’s ex-wife.'] ["Marjorie Turner has been married for eight years and is tired of her husband Harry's neglect and his snooty relatives, most of them doctors. One day her sister, Jeanine, urges her to break out of her rut and have a fling. At a grocery store, Marjorie allows herself to be picked up for a quick sexual tryst. Unfortunately, her lover dies during the act. Even more unfortunately, the dead man turns out to be Harry's long-absent brother. Complications ensue, some of them involving a blinds salesman -- not a blind one, but a man who sells vertical blinds -- named Meany who feels responsible for the man's death, as well as Meany's brother, a police officer investigating the case."] [' The film opens with the Stooges\' mother  attempting to wake up her three boys without success. "Get out of bed you lazy loafers!" she screams to no avail. Finally, she yanks a rope the leads from the kitchen to the bed where the trio is sleeping soundly. This causes the bed to spin vertically and hilariously until they are expelled - violently. Afterwards, she smacks them around in typical Stooge fashion . Curly receives a letter from the Inventors\' Association, who state that his Gold Collar Button Retriever is "incomprehensible and utterly impractical." Naturally, Curly misinterprets this as a success, and the trio leave their mother\'s home to make their fortune. The mother offers them money, then belts them for accepting it  as they depart. In transit, they are swindled into buying a map leading to a lost mine in the Old West. After actually finding a lost mine, the Stooges run afoul of two down-on-their-luck prospectors (Vernon Dent, [[Ernie Adams , who try to rob the boys out of their dough. Moe and Larry flee to an abandoned hotel where Curly hid the gold in a safe  The miners show up, and they all take refuge in the safe room. The miners drill through the door, which Curly attributes to termites, and throw a stick of dynamite in. After a little back and forth, the stick fizzles out. Believing it to be a dud, the boys burst out laughing and Curly chucks the dynamite, causing it to actually explode. The short ends with hree person shaped holes in the wall, the Stooges dazed, the coins raining from the ceiling, and the miners nowhere to be seen.'] ['After ten years of marriage, New York millionaire socialite couple Brad  and Caroline Sexton  are miserable and have decided to call it quits. Their marital problems come to a head earlier that evening when Brad turns their 10th anniversary party into a real estate development pitch for a theme park he calls "The Holy Land", modeled after Biblical lore. The pitch turns disastrous when one of the display\'s special effects catches a guest\'s  dress on fire. At the same time, Brad\'s accountant, Bob Lachman , is up to his own tricks, making the Sextons\' millions disappear into his own pocket mostly through mismanagement and filing false tax returns. His money manipulation has caught the attention of the Internal Revenue Service , and field agent Frank Hall , demands to meet Bob and Brad the following morning to bring the obligations up to date...to the tune of $5,000,000. Bob arrives at the office early the following morning with a file box  and an agenda...leave before Brad arrives. Though he doesn\'t get out in time, he manages to finally evade Brad...and Hall, who has just shown up. Hearing a hint from Bob that the Sextons could be fleeing , Hall orders the freezing of all their assets. Brad is unable to access his money through an ATM and Caroline has her credit card destroyed at her table as she\'s having lunch with some friends. Brad is then informed that his accounts have been frozen, but the bank teller refuses to tell him why. He then gets Bob on the phone, who tells him that he himself is the cause of their newfound problems as he\'s headed for the airport. IRS Inspector Derek Lester ([[Larry Miller  loves his job  and joins Hall to serve the warrant and bring in the Sextons. As Brad exits the bank , Hall and Lester surround him at a bull statue on Wall Street. Brad takes out his new satellite phone to answer a call, but the trigger-happy Lester mistakes it for a gun and pulls out his own pistol, shooting it out of Brad\'s hand, much to Hall\'s chagrin. Brad flees on foot, steals a cab and happens to pick up Caroline. The Sextons get away from Hall and Lester and the NYPD  and leave New York. They crash the cab and find themselves in Intercourse, Pennsylvania; a small Lancaster-area community of Old Order Amish. Brad drops in on a conversation and after stealing some clothes, they masquerade as Jacob and Emma Yoder, a family\'s  expected cousins from Missouri. Samuel and Levinia , along with their sons and daughters, make the pair at home. The pair try to fit in, and while Brad manages to adjust well, the prima donna Caroline, deprived of cigarettes and creature comforts, throws various childlike tantrums when she and Brad are alone. Gradually, both learn to fit in through their own abilities. Brad with his knowledge of real estate values, helps Samuel\'s future son-in-law Henner buy a plot of land, and Caroline\'s knowledge of fashion helps their conservative ordnung relax their colorless dress code. The Sextons then rediscover why they fell in love in the first place, largely through their efforts of helping others rather than themselves. As Samuel and Levinia\'s daughter Rebecca is exchanging vows with Henner, the ceremony is interrupted by police and a drenched Hall and Lester, who crashed into the stolen cab. The Sextons are exposed and hauled back to New York to face trial. Brad\'s attorney Phil Kleinmann ([[Michael Lerner  informs them that he found Bob in Zurich and had him extradited back to America. A resisting Bob is then hauled into the courtroom by uniformed officers to face the Sextons. Brad thanks Bob for, in a way, saving their marriage, but doesn\'t forgive him and decks him. Charges against the Sextons are dropped. Brad and Caroline return to the Yoders to make things right, but their pleas for forgiveness seem to fall on deaf ears. As they\'re turning to leave, Samuel informs them that he and Levinia knew the whole time of the ruse. They said they put up with it because it was planting season and they needed the extra help. Brad offers to give his watch as a present only to be told that their Amish cannot accept gifts only trades. He then proceeds to trade the watch for Big John, a gargantuan Belgian horse that Brad  tamed largely by dumb luck, and some corn. Brad also tells Sam that maybe he should not open the back of the watch; the watch seems to have in it a risque picture which amuses him. The movie ends with Brad and Caroline driving a 1954 Ford pickup with a horse trailer hauling Big John. It\'s then revealed that the Sextons traded their 1997 Jaguar for the truck. In the closing credits, Brad contemplates buying the pond, where they crashed the cab and Caroline reveals she is pregnant with the couple\'s first child.'] ["Julius  is a struggling musician who sets off to find Elmore Silk  in order to strike a deal with him and become famous. Along his search, he meets various people who have encountered Elmore, and can give him valuable insight into what kind of man Elmore is. Once he meets Elmore, he finally realizes that financial gain is nothing compared to the development of one's artistic ability."] ["Returning from a cricket match in Ireland, Peter Weston, an Englishman, is left a pet alligator by another passenger who abandons it to him. He is horrified and his first instinct is to get rid of it as soon as possible. However, he soon develops a bond with a young Irishwoman which appears to be centred almost entirely around the animal. He soon discovers that Daisy is very tame and domesticated, and seems to be the way to Moira's heart. Once back in London, Weston struggles to keep Daisy under control – as she upsets his family, loses him his job at a department store and imperils his relationship with his fiancée . He plans to get rid of Daisy, but the police and a pet shop refuse to take her so he abandons her in Regent's Park – later returning to rescue her with a sense of guilt. Owing to a mix-up, Daisy is packed along with the rest of his luggage to accompany him to his prospective's father-in-law's country house. Daisy soon escapes and causes mayhem bringing his engagement seemingly to an end and opening the way to a relationship with Moira."] [" The Stooges are skilled veterinarians at a pet hospital who are the proud surgeons of Garçon, a prized poodle of socialite Mrs. Bedford . When dognappers posing as reporters  dognap the poodle, the boys frantically try to trick Mrs. Bedford by disguising a mutt as Garçon. However, when Mrs. Bedford's maid , who is frightened of dogs, accidentally vacuums a clump of glued-on fur off the mutt's shaggy coat, Mrs. Bedford threatens to throw the Stooges in jail. Desperate, the trio use the mutt as a bloodhound to track down the crooks. When they discover the enemies' hideout, a big fight ensues. Larry and Moe get knocked out, but then Curly defeats both crooks. The boys hear Garçon quietly barking from inside a closet, only to discover that the prized poodle has had a litter of pups."] ['Arthur Ferguson Jones  and Wilhelmina Clark  work at the same accounting firm. Jones turns out to look exactly like the notorious bank robber "Killer" Mannion  and is apprehended by the police. After his true identity is confirmed, the district attorney gives Jones a letter identifying him, so that he can avoid the same trouble in future. Jones becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss , begins ghost-writing Mannion\'s "autobiography", with good-natured but street-wise Wilhelmina voluntarily acting as his "talent agent" to see that he gets paid. Mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave Jones "holding the bag" for Mannion\'s crimes. He kidnaps Wilhelmina, Jones\' visiting aunt, and a few others, and takes them back to his hideout. He instructs Jones to make a large deposit for Mannion\'s mother\'s benefit at the First National Bank, where police detectives are expecting Mannion to make another robbery attempt. Fortunately for Jones, he forgets to bring the check and unwittingly leads the police back to Mannion\'s hideout. Upon his arrival, Jones is mistaken for Mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes that he is meant to be the fall guy. When Mannion returns unexpectedly, Jones orders the men to shoot Mannion. The police arrive in time to capture the rest of the gang. With Mannion dead, Jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to Shanghai with Wilhelmina.'] ['Daniel Foray  is the leader of an unusual group of burglars in Paris. When Daniel is instructed by his boss to go to Chicago to pull off an easy home robbery it seems simple enough. However, when the group arrives in Chicago, the mission quickly turns into a fiasco. First, the group has a run in with a local gang of street thugs. Then, the group\'s "keep a low profile" stay with Sophie Nicols  is disrupted by a noisy neighbour. To make matters worse, while preparing for the burglary the group steals a car which belongs to a Latino street gang... After breaking into the house, tying up the owner and cracking the safe, the group realise that they have burgled the wrong house! The house in fact belongs to Frankie Zammeti  an under boss of the Chicago Mafia who vows revenge. The group desperately tries to flee the city and return to Paris, all the while being hotly pursued by the Mafia, the Latino gang, the Chicago police, and the FBI who had Zammeti\'s house under surveillance. An excellent, action comedy with many plot twists and a mix of lighthearted and darker moments.'] ["Lucas  has been in prison for armed robbery. On the day he is released, he gets taken hostage by Ned Perry , an incompetent, novice criminal who robs the bank  at the moment Lucas just happens to be there. Detective Duggan  assumes they must be in it together and sets about tracking them down. Several chases, an accidental shooting, treatment from a crazy vet and other capers follow, all the while Lucas trying to ditch his idiotic companion and prove his own innocence. Whilst avoiding the law, the two form an unlikely partnership to help cure the silent Meg and make good their escape. They rescue Meg from the care home she's in  and flee for Canada, pretending to be a married couple with a son. All appears to end well. However, in the closing scene, Perry enters a Canadian bank to change some currency only to find himself taken hostage by a different bank robber in the same manner he originally kidnapped Lucas. Because of this unexpected development, Lucas does not need to say goodbye to Meg, with whom he has formed a bond."] ['Jerome Littlefield  is an orderly at the Whitestone Sanatorium and Hospital who suffers from "neurotic identification empathy" -- a psychosomatic problem that causes him to suffer the symptoms of others and interferes with his ability to function effectively on the job. His unwitting propensity for slapstick-style mayhem sorely tries the patience of Dr. Howard  and Nurse Higgins . When his high school crush Susan Andrews  is admitted to the hospital after a suicide attempt, Jerome gradually comes to the realization that his problem is a result of his years-long obsession with her. While he fails to establish a romantic relationship with Susan, he does lift her spirits, thus banishing any thought of suicide and giving her the will to live. A runaway gurney is chased by several ambulances and causes the destruction of ceiling-high canned goods displays in a grocery store. Littlefield is cured of his problem, reunited with his girlfriend Julie , and looking forward to resuming his interrupted medical school career.'] ["While on a road trip in the Southwest, Rae  discovers that her man, Michael , spent the $15,000 they set aside for a home on a vintage muscle car. Rae promptly dumps Michael at a convenience store and hops a ride to the airport. Soon after, Michael loses the car when a young kid cons him out of the keys. Michael soon finds his day going from bad to worse when he's caught up in a botched robbery at the convenience store he's now stranded at. The cops  show up ready for a gunfight. Michael finds himself trying to convince the gunman  to let him and the other hostages go, all while trying to plan how to get to the airport before Rae's flight leaves."] ["Tallulah Winters is a dancing star who is hired to perform on an ocean liner. Before she leaves, she is recruited by what she believes is a branch of the American government and asked to smuggle a prototype explosive mine out of the country. In fact, she is unknowingly working for Nazi agents who have stolen the mine. Meanwhile, Merton Kibble , a writer of pulp fiction adventure stories but suffering from severe writer's block, is on the same ship and soon he finds himself embroiled in Tallulah's real-life adventure. Also appearing in the film were Bert Lahr, Tommy Dorsey, Buddy Rich, and Virginia O'Brien."] ['Mental patient John Burns  gets the chance to fill in for his doctor when he intercepts a telephone call while being reprimanded in the doctor\'s office, asking if Dr. Baird could fill in for Dr. George Maitlin  on his popular radio talk show. Burns jumps at the chance to escape the hospital. With the help of Dr. Baird\'s secretary, he breaks out and picks up a waiting ticket at the Chicago airport, assuming Dr. Baird\'s identity. Burns arrives in Los Angeles, where he is met by Dr. Maitlin\'s radio show assistant Laura Rollins  and escorted to the waiting limousine. He crosses paths with Donald Becker , a crazy priest who is collecting money to save plants. Becker recognizes the trousers Burns is wearing to be asylum issue. When the time comes to do the radio talk show, Burns is a huge hit, offering people free consultations and using profanity on the air. He even arranges for listeners to go to a baseball game at Dodger Stadium for free . All goes well until Dr. Maitlin meets the real Dr. Baird in London, when they both attend the same seminar. They fly back to L.A. to try to find what is going on behind their backs. Burns has been paid for the show  and is ready to leave town when he sees on the in-flight TV that Becker is on top of the Hollywood sign shouting Baird\'s name. Burns decides to go back and help to resolve the situation, where he is arrested only to be rescued on the way to the penitentiary by Becker and Maitlin\'s assistant Rollins. In the last few scenes of the movie, Burns gives his inmate number "7474505B" which is the same number that Jake Blues had in The Blues Brothers and Louis Winthorpe III in Trading Places.'] ['During the final months of World War II, Marion Scott is hitchhiking towards the small town of Plainfield . He is offered a ride by a young woman who turns out to be Wilhelmina "Willie" Hammond, a member of a wealthy society family, running from an arranged marriage to another socially prominent type, stolid Alvin Bailey. Acting on the reported theft of Bailey\'s car, the police stop the pair and, after identifying the stolen car, put the pair in jail. Willie arranges their bail and takes Marion to the family mansion where, having left her keys, she tries to crawl through the window, causing the pair to be arrested again and the story to land in the headlines of the local papers. Willie initially thinks that Marion is an Army deserter, but after he explains his discharge for medical reasons, she gives him a job as the family chauffeur, even though Wiggins, the eccentric old caretaker of the estate, has misgivings. Learning of the "scandal", Willie\'s widowed mother, Mrs. Hammond, "old maid" Aunt Harriet, younger sister Patricia as well as family dressmaker Camille, all return from New York, along with Alvin Bailey and Alvin\'s physical trainer and sidekick, the big "dumb" Champ. After a series of family arguments and complications, Alvin willingly gives up Willie so she can marry Marion, who modestly did not disclose that he was a national hero as a result of wartime valor, that he was hitchhiking simply to maintain anonymity, and was now being welcomed by the mayor and the governor, and honored with a parade by Plainfield, the birthplace of his killed-in-battle wartime best friend, which will now become his adopted hometown.'] ['{{Plot}} Ernest P. Worrell  has been fired from his job due to totaling a lady\'s car. He goes to a local restaurant and asks his crush, Rene Loomis  to go on a date with him. He is turned down by her because she wants to date somebody more adventurous. Ernest decided to buy her a gift to show that he really cares for her. He goes to a flea market where he buys 2 jewels unaware that they are the "Eyes of Igoli" stolen from the Sinkatutu tribe in Africa by a runaway man named Mr. Rabhas who is being chased by 2 henchmen of Prince Kazim. He is cornered by the men but rescued by a man named Thompson  and his strong African bodyguard, Bazu. Threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t tell so he can steal them himself, Rabhas reveals where he stashed the Eyes of Igoli. Thompson walks away and Bazu takes a bag of deadly snakes and dumps it on Rabhas, leaving him to die. Meanwhile, Ernest creates a yo-yo made of the Eyes of Igoli. He does his around-the-world and crashes his fish\'s tank. He puts him in the sink but he flows down the drain. Meanwhile, Thompson eventually finds out that Ernest took the Eyes of Igoli. He spies on him at the restaurant Rene works in. Ernest gives Rene the yo-yo only to be called a small-town ordinary schmoe by her. Meanwhile, the bad guys kidnap Rene and Ernest come to save her after a phone call. Thompson kidnaps him too when he gets there and puts them on a flight to Africa. After shutting Rene up in a room with Bazu, an old woman named Auntie Nelda comes in and explains to Bazu about how her husband died. She then throws ashes in his face and rescues Rene, knowing that it is Ernest. They escape in a golf cart and encounter many obstacles from getting simple firewood to Ernest disguising as a girl and getting kissed by the prince to striking down the bad guys with ostrich eggs. Meanwhile, Thompson and Bazu look for Ernest and Rene. They walk down the river and encounter the Sinkatutu tribe who wants to eat them for lunch. Ernest empties his pockets when they tell him to and yo-yos the yo-yo one last time impressing the tribe, especially the Sinkatutu chief. He does tricks which easily turns the tribe to like them. Just as soon as the Chief is about to give him a "booster surgery", Thompson comes along by himself. He had kicked Bazu out. He suddenly blames Ernest of stealing the eyes. Thompson requests a battle of truth. Ernest has to fight Thompson in order to save Rene from becoming cooked...literally! When Ernest hears the challenge he states "On second thought, I think I might have the booster." Thompson changes into a black warrior suit and pulls out his weapons. Ernest does the same, only his are little items. Yet, he successfully fights Thompson using them. All of a sudden, Thompson punches Ernest and knocks him out. But Ernest awakens and hears Rene calling him to use his yo-yo. Ernest puts his fighting skills and yo-yo skills together and he does an around the world which knocks Thompson out cold and breaks the Yo-yo to reveal the Eyes of Igoli. The tribe rushes toward them as Rene compliments Ernest on how he\'s her "Knight in Shining Armor". A few weeks later, Ernest and Rene are about to go on a date. Ernest even paints an Ostrich egg and gives it to her as a gift. Sadly, she tells Ernest that the date is off because he\'s too adventurous for her. Ernest tells Rene he recalls her calling him an ordinary Schmoe. Rene tells him not to let anyone call him an "ordinary Schmoe" because she thinks he is a dynamic schmoe. Ernest makes a speech on how he is bold and adventurous and then, in conclusion, puts on his hat heroically, forgetting he had set it on the table and put the ostrich egg in it! His only response is "Eeee-heh-hew! Ew! Ew!'] ['Harold McMurphy  is a Beverly Hills tour bus driver. One day he meets Amanda Clark , an up-and-coming actress he falls for. Unfortunately, she mistakes him for a famous screenwriter. In order to romance her, he allows her to believe he is.'] ['Monsieur Barsac ([[Frank Cellier  is in a great deal of trouble - the Paris bank of which he is president is bankrupt, though nobody else knows yet. He tells his secret to his crony Dubois , since he needs his help. Dubois is to purchase an iron mine that is supposedly played out. However, Barsac\'s mining engineer has found rich, untapped deposits of ore. The mine is 51% owned by the widow Mrs. Granville  and her daughter Madeleine , who are deeply in debt to his bank. Barsac uses his stepson Paul  as an intermediary, since Paul is a friend of the family, particularly the beautiful Madeleine. Meanwhile, a vagabond known as the "Guv\'nor"  decides to head south for the winter with his friend Flit . At the Granville estate, he offers to mend some china in exchange for food and is treated very cordially by Madeleine. Soon after, the two men are taken into custody for poaching and returned to Paris. After the policeman learns the Guv\'nor\'s unusual real name, François Rothschild, he informs a member of the great banking dynasty who, unwilling to have his illustrious family name besmirched by an arrest, gives the Guv\'nor a check for 2000 francs and has the two men released. The Guv\'nor is happy with his lifestyle, so he offers the money to Flit. They clean themselves up before trying to cash the check at Barzac\'s bank. Barzac mistakes the Guv\'nor for one of the Rothschilds and tries to persuade him to join the board of directors to prop up the bank. During the conversation, the Guv\'nor catches Barzac in a lie about Madeleine and becomes interested. He is made president of the bank. When the Guv\'nor learns details about Barsac\'s scheme from Madame Barzac , who is anxious to prevent her husband from investing in a "worthless" mine, he returns to the Granville estate. There, dressed as the tramp, he advises Madeleine to get Paul to ask for impartial advice about Barzac\'s strong recommendation to sell - from Monsieur Rothschild. Instead, she goes to see Rothschild herself and discovers his real identity. She believes that he has deceived her so he can purchase the mine himself and stalks out before he can explain. The next morning, the Guv\'nor attends a meeting of the shareholders called to vote on whether to sell for the pittance Dubois is offering. The Guv\'nor denounces Barzac and Dubois, but Madeleine votes to sell. The wily Guv\'nor then makes it look as if he has committed suicide. People fear he did so because there is something wrong with the bank and Dubois\' company; panic selling soon drives down the price of shares in both. Meanwhile, Paul buys them on the Guv\'nor\'s behalf. Having saved the Granvilles and ruined Barzac and Dubois, the Guv\'nor gives the shares to Madeleine and Paul as a wedding present and resumes his carefree journey to warmer climes.'] ['Norman Shields  is a local newspaper seller in London. He is happy with his current job, but is sent by his grandfather, the Prime Minister , to take up a new job as a newspaper reporter in the fictional seaside town of Tinmouth. During his time in Tinmouth he gets himself into all sorts of trouble while on the job reporting . Later in the film he becomes reporter for the entertainment section of the newspaper and covers a beauty contest which his girlfriend Liz wins. They later return to London together, leaving a more politically settled Tinmouth behind.'] ['Quincy Watson  is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen, and pens a "how to" book on breaking up and becomes a best-selling author on the subject. Not wanting his male friends to suffer the same fate, he gives them advice on dumping their mates including his boss, Phillip, who is trying to break up with his gold-digger girlfriend Rita. After his cousin Evan reads Quincy\'s book he starts to question his relationship with his girlfriend Nicky . Evan breaks up with her and goes over to his cousin and tells him to talk to her and convince her that Evan\'s a good guy. Quincy doesn\'t know what she looks like, and Evan tells him that she has long black hair. That day, Nicky had cut her hair to a \'Halle Berry\' length. Quincy and Nicky end up sitting next to each other at the bar Nicky was supposed to meet Evan. Quincy tells her that he\'s looking for his cousin\'s ex girlfriend whose name is Nicky and has long black hair. Nicky, knowing that Quincy is Evan\'s cousin, lies and tells Quincy her name is Mary. While Quincy and Nicky were on their date, Rita finds out that Philip is planning to break up with her, and goes to Quincy\'s house. When she gets there, Evan lies and says that he\'s Quincy. The two begin an affair. Evan goes to Nickey\'s house to break up with her. Nicky tells him that she was going to do the same, and that she\'s been seeing another man. Evans goes to Quincy\'s job and tells him that he thinks he\'s in love with Nicky, and that she\'s been seeing another man. During that conversation, Quincy realizes that \'Mary\' is actually Nicky. At the party for Quincy\'s hot seller book, Helen is back from Paris and wants to get back with Quincy. Evans planned on proposing to Nicky at the party. Evan finds out that Quincy is dating his ex girlfriend and becomes upset with him and leaves the party to look for Nicky. The next day, Evan talks to Quincy and tells him he\'s getting married to Rita. Phillip had a heart attack, and at the hospital, Rita finds out that Evan lied to her. Instead of getting mad, she says she fell in love with him. Quincy breaks up with Helen and goes to look for Nicky. When he goes to her door, her neighbor tells him that she\'s leaving for Portland by train. He goes to look for her. As the train is speeding away he confesses his love for her and they both ride the train to Portland.'] ['Roy Fleming  is fairground operator of a kiddie-spaceship ride. Despite being thirty-five years old, he still lives with his parents and suffers from extreme acrophobia . His father Arbuckle  wants better things for his son, so he sends an application to NASA. Roy later learns from his mother  that NASA has accepted him as a "WB-1074". When Roy arrives at the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, supervisor Donelli ([[Jesse White  places him in training as a janitor. Roy accepts the disappointment and unsuccessfully tries to explain things to his family back home, who believe that he is an astronaut. Meanwhile, he is befriended by veteran astronaut Major Fred Gifford . One day, Roy is alarmed to discover that his father and his friends, Plank  and Rush  are paying him a surprise visit at work. Anxious to please his domineering father, he dons a space suit and pretends to be an astronaut. Arbuckle a World War I veteran, tells his friends, "he is proud Roy is now serving his nation." After wreaking general havoc on the simulators and other hardware, Roy is exposed as a janitor by Donelli and summarily fired in the presence of his father. When the Russians plan to trump NASA by sending a dentist into space, NASA moves quickly. Roy is found in a bar, rehired, and selected as the man least likely to venture into space and sent aloft. His father watches on TV, convinced the janitor story was a ploy for security reasons. During some eating experiments, Roy gets peanut butter into the guidance system and is in danger of being marooned in space. He remembers the retro rockets from his role as "Mr. Spaceman" on the amusement park ride and launches them, bringing the capsule safely home. Roy is hailed as a hero, and marries his sweetheart Ellie Jackson .'] ["Cantinflas is a down on his luck but affable shoe shiner that learns that his compadre dies in an accident. His spouse, Leonor  is unable to raise her child, Chavita, so she leaves the kid with Cantinflas so she can go to Guadalajara, Jalisco in order to seek help from her parents. In the first days, Cantinflas goes to work to Chapultepec and Chavita finds a big ball and almost fight with the owners of the ball. Cantinflas calms down the child promising he will bring him a new ball. In order to find a better job, Cantinflas goes to school where he tries to learn but, instead fails in love with Raquel Saavedra, an attractive teacher that works there. While he tries more jobs. First, as a shoe shiner in a night club where he got in different incidents in his first night, including an unexpected entrance to the dancers room and an accidental entrance to Ravel's Boléro dance act performed by Elaine Bruce , the scene is reminiscent of his Apache dance in the 1944 film, Gran Hotel. After sabotaging the act, Cantinflas is prompted to leave the night club. Cantinflas tries to get new jobs in Acapulco where he tries everything to get some money, when accidentally Chavita leaves Cantinflas to climb La Quebrada, Cantinflas tries to rescue him, but he is stuck himself at the top of La Quebrada  and he is obliged to make a spectacular dive. His action leads him to get a job as a life saver but his incompetence to save a big woman to drown  made him to be fired in the same day. Finally, Cantinflas got enough money to raise his godson and buys him a new big ball, but Leonor came back from Guadalajara, with a husband, a better life and a new brand ball. Chavita leaves Cantinflas and he sadly sees the scene. Angrily he kicks the ball and the ball goes to Raquel's feet. Finally they got together. El bolero de Raquel satirizes the lifestyles of the rich with their bodyguards, managers etc. through scenes set in posh nightclubs. Though a relative box-office disappointment for a Cantinflas film, it still ranked among the most profitable Mexican films of the year.{{cite book}}"] ["Margaret Garrison is a stage actress who has spent her career starring in virginal roles, although she would relish the opportunity to play someone less savory, such as an Italian prostitute, at least once before she retires. When a blackout shutters her current Broadway play for the night, she returns home unexpectedly and discovers her architect husband Peter being overly attentive to attractive reporter Roberta Lane. Infuriated, she heads to the couple's weekend house in Connecticut and takes a potion to fall asleep. When embezzler Waldo Zane develops car trouble near Margaret's home, he sneaks in, unwittingly takes some of the elixir himself, and falls into a deep sleep beside her. Peter shows up, assumes his wife has been unfaithful, and heads back to Manhattan. Margaret's agent Ladislaus Walichek, anxious because she has announced her plan to retire, keeps her husband's jealousy burning in the hope their marriage will crumble and she'll be forced to continue working to support herself. Margaret and Peter eventually reconcile, but new questions about what really happened when the lights went out arise when she gives birth exactly nine months after that fateful night."] ["Mild-mannered, unassuming Ruben Martinez has a slick, unscrupulous twin brother who now goes by the name Robby Martin. They were orphans raised by a rich landowner named Clifford Downey and his dancer wife, Mona Rowland-Downey. Upon her death, Mona leaves her entire {{convert}} ranch in Santa Barbara, California in the care of only one son, Ruben. The other brother begins plotting how to win control of the property away from his estranged twin. Ruben's main concern at the moment is that his wife Laura has left him. She can't comprehend how her loving husband could have cheated on her with another woman. Ruben tracks her to Chicago, where he meets used-car salesman Lou Perilli. He is assured that Laura will come back to him eventually. In the meantime, being pursued by a tough customer named Nick Zangaro about a debt he owes, Lou decides to make a quick getaway out west to Santa Barbara. Eddie Agopian, a family lawyer, is in charge of watching over Ruben's interests. But suddenly he disappears. Local authorities, including Sheriff Otis and a corrupt judge, have begun harassing Ruben and the dozens of workers and friends who live at the ranch. They are the stooges of powerful businessman Reed Tyler, who has business interests with Ruben's brother, Robby. Lou becomes a partner to the timid Ruben by promising to help him with his legal troubles. Lou has no lawyer experiences, but begins doing some investigating on Ruben's behalf and does the best he can in court. He also helps Ruben track down Eddie, who has absconded to Mexico with a stash of money. A scam is exposed, revealing to Laura that it was not her husband who had relations with another woman but Robby, his evil twin. Ruben, Laura and Lou quickly hatch a scheme of their own, catching the sheriff and judge in compromising positions and luring Robby into one with the help of a couple of young women hired for the occasion. The relationship between the brothers is healed a bit, if not completely, by the end as Ruben finds happiness at the ranch with his wide assortment of friends and family."] ["Cooper , a deputy director of the CIA, wants to take over the director position. Standing in his way is Ross , whom Cooper plans on eliminating by implicating him in a failed drug-smuggling operation in Morocco and forcing him to resign. Ross catches onto the plot and leaks a rumor that a man will be arriving at the airport who will clear him of the scandal, and orders his assistant to pick him up. Cooper, desperate to find out who the mystery man is, sends his own agents to follow Ross's lackey, Brown . Brown goes to the airport with instructions to pick someone at random from the crowd, leading Cooper and his team on a wild goose chase. Morris  plays a trick on his friend Richard , hiding one of each pair of his shoes. Richard is forced to wear mismatched shoes on his flight home, with one business shoe and one red sneaker. Brown spots the mismatched shoes in the crowd and picks him as their random target. Cooper takes the bait and starts tracking Richard, who proves to be carrying on his own intrigues. They learn that Richard, a concert violinist, has travelled the world, including several Communist countries. Cooper thinks this the perfect cover for a spy, and starts digging deeper. Soon they suspect his sheet music is actually a code, and steal time on Defense Department computers to decipher it. Hoping to learn more, he sends in Maddy  to seduce Richard and find out what he knows. While Richard is playing, Maddy actually falls for him. Ross, meanwhile, simply sits back and watches the antics unfold. When one attempt after another fails to yield any usable information, Cooper orders Richard killed, eventually attempting to kill the man himself. Richard remains completely oblivious to the plot, and settles down with Maddy once Cooper is removed."] ["Dave  has had some bad luck recently. His wife  lives in Washington, DC, his restaurant, the Auk is not doing good business. Phonse  helps Dave by making up a story about a rare bird sighting which begins to help Dave's business. Phonse has been working on a prototype Recreational Submarine Vehicle  and is concerned that the Winnebago company is conducting industrial espionage steal his plans. Phonse also finds ten kilos of cocaine and tries to get rid of it with the help of Dave. Dave falls in love with Alice , Phonse's sister-in-law, a girl from Gull Tickle."] ["Dante  is a hapless man who drives a school bus for a special school. One night, he accidentally meets Maria , an attractive and wealthy woman from Palermo, Sicily with whom he immediately falls in love. Soon Dante is lured by Maria into unwittingly impersonating famous mobster Johnny Stecchino, Maria's husband, with whom he shares an uncanny resemblance. Meanwhile, the real Stecchino  is forced to hide in his home after having testified against several of the local Mafia leaders. Maria's plan is to have Dante mistaken for Johnny, publicly murdered by the Mafia, and buried in place of her husband, after which they can both escape to Argentina."] ['On their way to perform in Guam, nightclub performers Duke Mitchell and Sammy Petrillo find themselves stranded on a seemingly treacherous island, known by the natives as "Kola Kola". The natives are quite friendly, especially Nona, the tribal chief\'s daughter, who tries to help the two get off the island. Though Paradise has been found, for the time being, the duo soon discovers that a mad scientist named Dr. Zabor , lives on the other side of the island. Seeing a chance to get help, the two visit the strange doctor. Tension mounts as Duke falls in love with Nona. Seeing Duke as a threat, a jealous Dr. Zabor plans to literally make a monkey out of Duke, for he too loves Nona. Sammy tries to help his pal, with unexpected results.'] ['Viktor Navorski  arrives at JFK International Airport, but finds that his passport is suddenly not valid, so he is not allowed to enter the United States. While he was en route to the U.S., a revolution was started in his home nation of Krakozhia. Due to the civil war, the United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation and denies Viktor\'s entrance to the U.S. territory. As his passport is unrecognized, he is unable to leave the airport, but he is also unable to be deported back to Krakozhia. Viktor instead lives in the terminal, carrying his luggage and a mysterious Planters peanut can. CBP Head Frank Dixon  wants Navorski removed from the airport. Navorski collects money for food by retrieving vacant baggage trolleys for the 25-cent reward from the machine, until Dixon prevents this. He then befriends a catering car driver named Enrique Cruz  who gives him food in exchange for information about Customs and Border Protection officer Dolores Torres , with whom Enrique is infatuated. With Viktor\'s help, Enrique and Dolores eventually marry each other. He meets flight attendant Amelia Warren , who asks him out to dinner, but he tries to earn money in order to ask Amelia out instead. He finally gets an off-the-books job as a construction worker at the airport earning $19 an hour , and he also learns to speak fluent English. Viktor is asked to interpret for a desperate Russian man with undocumented drugs for his sick father. Viktor claims it is "medicine for goat," barring the drug from confiscation  and resolving the crisis. Under pressure and the watchful eye of the Airport Ratings committee, who is evaluating Dixon for an upcoming promotion, Dixon chastises Viktor. Though Dixon is advised that sometimes rules must be ignored, he becomes obsessed with getting Viktor ejected from the airport. An airport janitor, Rajan Gupta , relates the "goat" incident with embellishment to his fellow co-workers and as a result, Viktor earns the respect and admiration of all of the airport staff. One day, Viktor explains to Amelia that the purpose of his visit to New York is to collect an autograph from the tenor saxophonist Benny Golson. It is revealed that the peanut can Viktor carries with him contains an autographed copy of the "Great Day in Harlem" photograph. His late father was a jazz enthusiast who had discovered the famous portrait in a Hungarian newspaper in 1958, and vowed to get an autograph of all the 57 jazz musicians featured on the photograph. He succeeded in obtaining 56, but he died before he could finish his collection, so Viktor traveled to New York to obtain the autograph, so he can finish his collection. After 9 months of living on the JFK terminal, he is awakened by Enrique and the other friends, who inform him that the war in Krakozhia is now ended, but Dixon will still not allow Viktor to enter the United States. Amelia reveals that she had asked her \'friend\' &mdash; actually a married government official with whom she had been having an affair &mdash; to assist Viktor in obtaining permission to travel within the U.S., but Viktor is disappointed to learn she has renewed her relationship with the man during this process. To make matters worse, Dixon needs to sign the form granting Viktor the right to remain in the United States, but refuses. He instead blackmails Viktor into returning to Krakozhia, or he will have Mulroy fired for having evening poker games with friends and bringing alcohol and marijuana into the airport, have Enrique fired for allowing Viktor into the restricted food preparation area, and deport Gupta back to his native India, where he is wanted for assaulting a corrupt police officer back in 1979. Upon hearing this, Gupta runs in front of Viktor\'s plane and asks Viktor to go anyway. The plane is delayed, giving Viktor enough time to go into the city and obtain the autograph. With the blessing of the entire airport staff, Viktor leaves the airport after receiving a uniform coat from a U.S. Customs and Border Protection Assistant Port Director and hails a taxi. Dixon, watching Viktor leave the airport, decides not to pursue him. As Viktor prepares to take the taxi to a Ramada Inn where Benny Golson is performing, he observes Amelia exiting from a cab, where she gives him a wistful smile, telling him to go. He has a short conversation with the cab driver, telling him how to avoid traffic on the way to the hotel and that he is from Krakozhia. The driver tells Viktor that he is from Albania and arrived earlier that week. At the hotel, Benny Golson is doing a sound check and asks permission for Viktor to wait while he finishes his rehearsal. Viktor listens to him play and collects the autograph, finally completing the collection. Afterwards, Viktor leaves and hails a taxi, telling the driver, "I am going home." The taxi drives off and the credits roll.'] ['Set amidst Chicago\'s swing music revival of the late 1990s, Oscar Novak , an aspiring architect and his business partner, Peter Steinberg , have just landed a career-making opportunity with a Chicago tycoon Charles Newman  who has chosen them to compete for the design of a multimillion dollar cultural center. In a ploy for publicity, Newman has pitched Oscar and Peter in a neck-and-neck competition with their archrivals and former colleagues, the hugely successful  Decker and Strauss. In a comic twist Oscar is mistaken for a gay man when meeting with Charles Newman . Under the mistaken impression that Oscar is homosexual, and therefore a safe companion for his girlfriend Amy , he asks Oscar to keep an eye on her for him and make sure that she doesn\'t talk to his wife. Oscar falls for Amy virtually on sight, but she thinks he\'s gay. He is forced to maintain the charade to avoid getting into trouble with Newman, and losing the commission. Matters become complicated when a news article about Oscar and Peter\'s homosexual status is published in the Business paper, leaving Oscar in the increasingly frustrating position of having to fend off advances from various gay men while convincing his friends and family that he is simply pretending to be gay; Amy even sets him up on a date with her ex-boyfriend, football player Kevin Cartwright, but Oscar manages to defuse the situation by saying that he\'s in love with someone else. Despite the embarrassing misconceptions, Oscar forms a close bond with Amy as they continue to spend time together-to the extent that Amy moves in with him after she is kicked out of her apartment-Amy sharing various personal stories with Oscar. At the final presentation for the cultural center, Oscar and Peter receive the commission, but Oscar is simultaneously told that he has won the award for Gay Professional Man of the Year, with Newman deciding that he will reveal his decision after the ceremony. After an awkward meeting between Amy and Newman\'s wife at the party, she and Oscar go to a bar, but Amy leaves in frustration after she nearly kisses him, prompting a brief argument between her and Oscar where Oscar states that her relationship with Newman has no future, with the only reason they haven\'t argued after over a year being that Newman doesn\'t care enough to fight with her, while Amy counters that Oscar is hardly in a position to give her advice on romance, having simply been playing it safe by spending time with her as he hasn\'t been on a date since she met him. After spending the day alone, Oscar attends the award ceremony for Gay Professional Man of the Year. Although he initially continues his charade, while looking out at the people before him, he instead makes a passionate speech about how he admires all the men and women here who were able to tell the truth to their families about how they feel, ending the speech by "coming out of the closet" as he admits that he\'s straight and in love with Amy; even if he simultaneously destroys any hope of being with her by doing so, he felt that everyone in the room deserves the same kind of honesty that they have given their own families. As he is applauded for having the courage to admit the truth, he runs after Amy, only for her to punch him and Newman before walking out of the theatre in a rage, leaving Peter to accept a date with Kevin. However, as Oscar sits in a restaurant where he and Amy ate together on the night they met, Amy comes to see him, admitting that she loves him too, followed by their first kiss. In a post-credit sequence, Newman\'s wife convinces him to go with Oscar and Peter\'s design despite his own claims to go with the other firm, revealing that she knew about him and Amy and informing him bluntly that Oscar and Peter did the better job.'] ['Priscilla is married to an artist called Leon. However Leon isn\'t showing much interest in his wife so she hatches a plot to win back his affections. Ollie plays the butler. Stan arrives at the door to sell paint and has a fight with Ollie. Priscilla employs Stan to "Make love to her" and ensure Leon becomes jealous. Ollie has to wash and dress Stan and make him look presentable enough to fool Leon at a dinner party that night. Priscilla admits to Leon what she has done and he pulls a gun to teach the \'home-wrecker\' a lesson. Leon corners Stan and admits he\'s just acting to make Priscilla think he\'s really jealous. Ollie doesn\'t realise this and he chases Stan out of the house with a rifle. Ollie returns looking shaken. A police officer follows him and says "You nearly blew my brains out". Leon and Priscilla hug.'] ['In the mining town of Goldlick, Jeff , a young fan of B movie actor Bruce Campbell, and his friend Clayton  go out to a cemetery to meet two girls, Big Debbie  and Little Debbie . Jeff removes a medallion off the mausoleum, unleashing the Chinese god of the dead, Guan-Di , who kills Clayton and the Debbies while Jeff flees. Meanwhile, Bruce Campbell is finishing filming for the fictional Cave Alien II, and is promised a birthday surprise from his agent, Mills Toddner . Bruce meets Jeff, who kidnaps Campbell and takes him to Goldlick in hopes that his hero can save the town from Guan-Di. Upon arrival, Bruce assumes it\'s his birthday surprise from Mills, and thinks it\'s all a movie, despite a lack of cameras and a script, and agrees to "help". He learns about Guan-Di in the town\'s hall and during a dinner party, Bruce gets on the good side of Jeff\'s mother, Kelly , who had initially been irritated by Bruce\'s behavior. After gearing up at Goldlick\'s gun shop, Bruce and many citizens of Goldlick go out into the woods to take on Guan-Di, which Bruce still thinks is part of a movie. Bruce then finds out that it\'s all real and flees Goldlick, angering the townspeople, disappointing Kelly and upsetting Jeff. As part of a running gag, an Italian painter  constantly repaints the population sign every time someone dies, including himself. Bruce returns to his caravan to find that everyone, including his own dog, hates him a lot. He has a restraining order placed upon him by his ex-wife, Cheryl , and finds that his "surprise birthday present" from Mills was just a singing prostitute named Kasey . Bruce is then called by Jeff, who informs him that he\'s going to take on Guan-Di alone in spite of Bruce\'s retreat. Kasey takes Bruce back to Goldlick, where he is treated with contempt and tries to reconcile with Kelly. To rescue Jeff, they both drive to the old cemetery, in which they set up dynamite at the mausoleum and try to lure Guan-Di inside with one of Jeff\'s cardboard cut-outs of Bruce, which Guan-Di doesn\'t fall for. After kissing Kelly, Bruce decides to sacrifice himself  and the dynamite is blown up. He emerges from the debris alive, and hangs the medallion back onto the mausoleum wall to ease the spirit. Guan-Di then also comes back to life, and at the very last minute, it turns out the whole scenario was a movie. Bruce argues with Ted Raimi about the cliched ending and turns it into a happy ending, which involves Bruce and Kelly married, living in a nice house with their son, Jeff, who is accepted into Harvard University. After the movie ends, Bruce asks "What could be a better ending than that?", after which Guan-Di appears and attacks Bruce.'] ["Eighteen years after the events of Gregory's Girl, Greg Underwood  – now a 35-year-old English teacher in his former secondary school – has fantasies about 16-year-old student Frances . His politically motivated lessons inspire Frances and Douglas, another student, to plot to overthrow a businessman they suspect of trading in torture equipment."] ['The tiny fishing village Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne on the north coast of Quebec is in decline, and everyone collects welfare. In order to lure a company to build a plastic container factory in the area, they need to have about twice their population of 120 and a resident doctor, as well as a $50,000 bribe for the company owner. Montreal plastic surgeon Dr. Christopher Lewis  gets pulled over for speeding by an officer originally from Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne, and in exchange for not arresting Dr. Lewis for drug possession, he convinces Dr. Lewis to visit Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne for a month. A deleted scene showed Dr. Lewis selling cocaine to his patients. The town Mayor Germain Lesage  hatches a plan for the entire village to convince Dr. Lewis to stay, tapping his phone, taking him fishing, pretending to like cricket, fusion jazz, and the foods Dr. Lewis likes. A local banker leaves small amounts of money for Dr. Lewis to find and attempts to secure a loan for the bribe. Dr. Lewis likes the local post office worker Ève Beauchemin , but Ève knows Dr. Lewis has a girlfriend named Brigitte in Montreal. The ruse works, but they are unable to secure a loan. Local banker Henri Giroux  fronts the money from his personal savings after being told by a bank executive he was nothing more than an ATM. When the company owner arrives, the town continues their elaborate ruse and convinces him to build the factory there. The owner is ready to sign but insists that they have a doctor. Dr. Lewis learns that Brigitte has been having an affair with his best friend for three years and says he plans to stay because everyone in the village is genuine. Germain feels bad for lying to him and confesses their ruse during a heartfelt speech explaining that a doctor in residence would save Ste-Marie-la-Mauderne. Dr. Lewis decides to stay, and the factory is built, saving the village and giving everyone renewed pride.'] ['Peter Sanderson  is a workaholic tax attorney corresponding with an online friend known only as "lawyer-girl". On their first blind date, Peter learns that "lawyer-girl" is Charlene Morton , a wrongfully convicted bank robber claiming her innocence who wants Peter\'s help in getting the charges dropped. Peter also must deal with Virginia Arness , an eccentric English billionaire, to bring her business to his firm, as well as competitive colleagues and bosses. His neighbor, Mrs. Kline , who happens to be a sister of one of the senior partners, is a nosy bigot. Peter attempts to juggle these issues as well as reconcile with his ex-wife  and children .'] ["Ted Higgins  and Tommy Hinchcliffe  work for the Speedy Service Window Washing Company. They run into a bookie named Nick Craig , who, after mistaking them for employees of the Speedy Messenger Service, sends them to Mr. Stewart's  office to collect $50,000 owed to him. But Stewart has plans of his own: he hires two thugs to rob Ted and Tommy of the money he has just paid. Tommy flees from the robbers and takes refuge in a room with a gaggle of women who are mailing face powder samples. He hides the money in an envelope and addresses it to Craig, but it is accidentally switched with an envelope containing a powder sample. Ted and Tommy return to Craig's office and explain what happened; they assure him that the cash will arrive in the mail the next day. When face powder  arrives in the mail, an irate Craig gives Ted and Tommy 24 hours to return his money. The boys attempt to contact everyone on the mailing list until they finally locate the recipient, Carol , who informs them that she spent most of the money and has only about $2,000 left. The three of them go to the race track hoping to gamble the remaining cash to win enough money to pay back Craig. They encounter a strange fellow named Julius Caesar , who claims to have never lost a bet. They refuse to follow his betting advice, only to see his horse win, and they are left with nothing. Ted, abandoning hope, decides that they would be safest in jail, so they run up a huge tab in a nightclub. Just as they are about to be arrested, Craig and his henchmen show up and demand the money. After Ted and Tommy reply that they do not have it, the thugs take them to a nearby construction warehouse and begin pouring cement in which to dump them. Meanwhile, Carol and Caesar have been sitting at the bar, betting large amounts on fish at the club's aquarium. Caesar loses and hands her the $50,000 that she has just won, to her amazement. It turns out Caesar is actually an eccentric millionaire named J.C. MacBride, and they all arrive at the warehouse in time to pay back Craig."] ['In Passaic, New Jersey, the declining "Be Kind Rewind" VHS rental store owned by Mr. Fletcher  is due to be demolished to make way for high-end development  unless he can find the money to renovate his building, despite his claims that jazz pianist Fats Waller was born in that building . Mr. Fletcher leaves on a trip for several days to join friends and memorialize Waller, leaving his only employee, Mike , to tend to the store. Before leaving Mr. Fletcher cautions Mike to keep his paranoid and klutzy friend, Jerry , away from the store. After attempting to sabotage a nearby electrical substation, believing its energy to be melting his brain, Jerry becomes magnetized, and when he enters the store the next day, he inadvertently erases all the VHS tapes in the store . Mike quickly discovers the disaster, and is further pressed when Miss Falewicz , Mr. Fletcher\'s friend, wants to rent Ghostbusters. To prevent her from reporting a problem to Mr. Fletcher, Mike comes up with an idea: as Miss Falewicz has never seen the movie, he proposes to recreate the film using himself and Jerry as the actors and cheap special effects hoping to fool her. They complete the movie just in time when another customer asks for Rush Hour 2. Mike and Jerry repeat their filming, enlisting the help of Alma , a local woman, for some of the parts. Word of mouth spreads through Miss Falewicz\'s nephew  of the inadvertently hilarious results of Mike and Jerry\'s filming, and soon the store is seeing more requests for such movies. Mike, Jerry, and Alma quickly pass off the movies as being "sweded", insisting the films came from Sweden and thus able to demand long wait times and higher costs for the rental. Soon, to meet demand, Mike and Jerry enlist the locals to help out in making the movies, using them as starring roles in their films. When Mr. Fletcher returns, intent on converting the store to a DVD rental outlet, he quickly recognizes that they are making more money from the sweded films than from normal rentals, and joins in with the process. However, the success is put to a halt when two court bailiffs  arrive, insisting the sweded films are copyright violations, and seize the tapes and the store\'s assets, crushing the tapes with a steamroller. Without any money to renovate the building, Mr. Fletcher gives up hope, and is forced to reveal to Mike that he made up the character of Fats Waller. Mr. Fletcher is given a week to evacuate the building before it will be razed. Jerry, with the help of the local townspeople, convinces Mr. Fletcher and Mike to give one last hurrah and put together a documentary dedicated to the fake life of Fats Waller, and the two quickly warm up to the idea. On the day the building is scheduled for demolition, Mr. Fletcher invites all the locals to watch the final film. In his eagerness to start the show due to the presence of the demolition crew waiting to start the job, Jerry accidentally breaks the only TV the store has, but a nearby DVD store owner loans them his video projector, allowing them to show the movie on a white cloth placed in the store\'s window. As their film ends, Mr. Fletcher, Mike and Jerry exit the store to find a crowd has gathered to watch the film through the window, including the city official and wrecking crew, and they are given a rousing applause by the gathered crowd. The final fate of the store is left ambiguous.  Films that were erased and recreated are referred to as having been sweded. These remakes are unedited with only a single take per scene. The tapes are described as having come from Sweden as an excuse for higher rental fees and longer wait times. Jerry fabricated the word "sweded" while arguing with Craig  and his gang. In light of the theme of sweding, director Michel Gondry sweded a version of the trailer of the film, starring himself. On the official website, users can engage in sweding, which puts their faces on the VHS cover of a movie.Matheson, Whitney. USA Today. Web watch. Life section, page 3D. December 11, 2007 The Be Kind Rewind YouTube channel also encourages filmmakers to create sweded versions of popular movies.YouTube - BeKindMovie\'s Channel The theme of sweding also relates to film history, in that the collectively made remakes represent social memories of films, and memories that arise through films.Retrieved on 2009-07-05 Kerr, John Finlay  "‘Rereading’ Be Kind Rewind : How film history can be remapped through the social memories of popular culture", Screening the past, Issue 24'] ['Carmelo, is 30 years old and extremely shy. He finds it difficult to reveal his innermost feelings to Verónica his coworker. When Verónica announces that she is engaged to be married to a rich and handsome man, Carmello is heartbroken. In an odd twist of fate Verónica sees Carmelo at a gay rally, and assumes that he is gay. Carmelo doesn\'t correct this impression and finds the ruse as a way to open up to her. Verónica soon falls for Carmelo, and leaves her fiance for her "gay" boy friend, who then reveals his real orientation.'] ['Wealthy Mr. Bullion  is up in arms when his eccentric wife  informs him that she wants to adopt a refugee, the latest socio-political movement. After taking a trip to his dentist , Mr. Bullion meets the Stooges, inept window washers who act as interim dentists when Bullion enters the office demanding medical attention. After pulling his bridge-work out completely , they try to put it back into his mouth with cement. However, the cement hardens before they have a chance to put the tooth back in, so they decide to blast. The dentist arrives back in his office as the dynamite is lit. He calls out to the Stooges, who notice him and run off. The dynamite goes off and Mr. Bullion wakes up, noticing that the pain in his tooth is gone. He heads back to his car and notices the Stooges hiding inside. He inquires as to what they are up to, and Moe says that they are "refugees." Mr. Bullion then has a very nasty idea to disabuse his wife of her philanthropic notion: pass these three nitwits off as refugee children. Mrs. Bullion is naturally thrilled at the sight of the Stooges , but she ends up regretting their adoption after a party is thrown in their honor — and Mr. Bullion is beginning to regret concocting this scheme to begin with. The festivities are interrupted when an angered Mr. Bullion chases after the Stooges with an axe.'] ['A Florida con man named Thomas Jefferson Johnson uses the passing of the longtime Congressman from his district, Jeff Johnson , to get elected to Congress, where the money flows from lobbyists. Shortening his middle name and calling himself "Jeff" Johnson, he receives the 5000+ signatures required to be on the ballot by becoming endorsed by a seniors organization, the Silver Foxes. Once on the election ballot, he uses the dead Congressman\'s old campaign material and runs a low budget campaign that appeals to name recognition, figuring most people do not pay much attention and simply vote for the "name you know." He wins a slim victory and is off to Washington, a place where the "streets are lined with gold." Initially, the lucrative donations and campaign contributions roll in, but as he learns the nature of the con game in Washington D.C., he starts to see how the greed and corruption makes it difficult to address issues such as campaign finance reform, environmental protection, and the possibility that electric power companies may have a product that is giving kids in a small town cancer. In trying to address these issues, Congressman Johnson finds himself double-crossed by Power and Industry chairman Dick Dodge. Johnson decides to fight back the only way he knows how: with a con. Johnson succeeds and exposes Dodge as corrupt. As the film ends, it appears likely that Johnson will be thrown out of Congress for the manner in which he was elected.'] ["A mismatched couple discovers that whatever can go wrong will go wrong during a family visit in this comedy. Leni  is a television reporter from a Jewish family in Spain. One weekend, Leni drops by her family's home for a visit, with her new boyfriend, college professor Rafi , in tow. Rafi is more than a bit nervous about meeting Leni's family - chronically nervous mother Gloria , blustery father Ernesto , dance-student sister Tania , strait-laced bother David , and addled grandfather Dudu . But Leni quickly makes matters worse when she announces to her family, who are waiting for Ernesto to return from work, that Rafi just happens to be Palestinian. Matters become a bit tense after that as Rafi accidentally drops a block of frozen soup out the high rise window while joking with Tania's young daughter - hitting a man on the head who might just be Ernesto. He and Leni sneak outside to call an ambulance before returning inside because Leni doesn't want to ruin her career with such a scandal. But when Rafi sees Tania's daughter's drawing of Ernesto he realizes what he may have done. As tensions raise, the entire family becomes more and more exuberant, ending with Leni telling her mother of Tania's suspicion that Ernesto is cheating on her. At this point Rafi finally manages to tell Leni he think the man was her father so that Gloria, Tania, Rafi and Leni all rush out of the building to Ernesto's office to try and catch him in the act . We see that Ernesto was not actually dead and he wakes up with some memory loss, leading him to believe that a prostitute is his wife who quickly throws him out when she realizes he has no money. Ernesto continues to wander hopelessly. The family meanwhile arrives at his office only to find another bald man having an affair who tells them Ernesto already left. As Tania and Rafi wait for Leni and Gloria who are having a mother-daughter conversation, Tania seduces Rafi with a dance to a song he knows. She kisses him but he rejects her. When they return, Leni is convinced that Tania slept with him which leads Tania to finally cast off her apparent apathetic view of the family. Everyone leaves the office reconciled and upon their return home, Ernesto is driven up by a woman on a scooter who found him wandering the streets and the family is whole again."] ['The year is 1944. The place is an Allied army camp in southeast England, full of soldiers waiting for the D-day invasion. Enter Ernie Williams, a most reluctant American soldier. A hypochondriac and a coward, Ernie does have one talent; he is a superb mimic. One night in the mess, he is persuaded to impersonate the commander, General Sir Lawrence MacKenzie Smith. Using this persona, he attempts to go AWOL, but does not get further than the gate. With a court-martial staring him in the face for impersonating an officer, Ernie is in big trouble. But Colonel Somerset  of Military Intelligence recruits Ernie for "Operation Dead Pigeon". He is to impersonate the General  for real, in order to flush out a suspected plot to kill the General, and unmask several officers known to be German agents. Ernie is unable to fool the General\'s wife, Lady Margaret , but he is able to deceive the officers at a regimental party. On her advice, and to further the conceit, he appears to get drunk and has a fight with his wife. His hard-drinking Scottish aunt, Lady Vivian  is highly suspicious, but is too drunk to take it further. The General also has a mistress, Sergeant Stanhope , but Ernie finds out too late that she is a "plant" - a German agent. With her connivance, he is kidnapped and taken to Berlin. There, he manages to confuse the German interrogators, who want information about the projected Normandy landings, by talking arrant nonsense about non-existent operations and places. In the resultant confusion, he manages to escape and is chased through the streets of Berlin at night. Ernie takes on several comic disguises to throw off his pursuers. Then he hides in a nightclub, but is forced to perform a cabaret act as Fraulein Lilli . Finally, disguised as a pilot, he boards a German bomber and manages to parachute out over England. Captured and about to be shot as a spy, he is rescued at the last moment by Somerset. By the end of the movie, Ernie and Margaret are in love .'] ['Chris Walters is a happily married father of two. For his 13th wedding anniversary, he sneaks home with a gift for wife Alice, a diamond brooch, and with a desire to have a romantic interlude. Interruptions ensue. If it isn\'t their daughters, Debbie and Okkie, needing something, it\'s their maid, Millie, or it\'s Alice\'s mother on the phone. And then two delivery men arrive with a new television set. It\'s a gift from Alice\'s parents, Lilly and Arthur. Chris is not pleased. He hates television. He thinks the whole idea of TV is a needless distraction and corrupting influence on today\'s youth. At work, Chris has a partner, Bud, who is trying to woo a new client, Jeanette Revere, a woman who has been divorced four times. Jeanette is amazed in this day and age that a couple can remain happily married as long as the Walterses have. Over a celebration dinner, Chris lets it slip that he and Alice didn\'t need TV when they first met because they were already romantically involved. Lilly and Arthur are offended, having been under the impression that Alice didn\'t have relations with Chris until they were wed. They storm out. Chris is so angry, he kicks in the screen of the new TV. He argues with Alice and has to spend his anniversary night sleeping on the sofa. A gift arrives from Bud -- it\'s another TV. Chris is irritated again but promises not to cause a scene this time. When they turn it on, however, a show called "Kids Council" has his daughter Debbie as a guest. And the child blurts out for all to hear that her parents are having marital difficulties and had been intimate prior to their wedding. Chris again kicks in the TV. Alice throws her husband out of the house this time. Meantime, her parents also have a quarrel, which leads to Lilly moving in with her daughter. Everybody\'s angry now. A distraught Chris wants to come home. Alice feels no one cares about her. She intends to leave home herself. The family doctor, however, suddenly informs Alice that she is pregnant. She decides to give Chris another chance ... as a gift from him arrives, yet another TV.'] ['When Napoleon invades the Russian Empire during the Napoleonic wars, Boris Grushenko , a coward and pacifist scholar, is forced to enlist in the Russian Army, desperate and disappointed hearing the news that his cousin Sonja  is to wed a herring merchant. He inadvertently captures a group of enemy soldiers, but to no avail, as the French army reaches Moscow immediately afterward. He returns and marries the recently-widowed Sonja , a marriage filled with philosophical debates, and no money. Boris thinks that the French invasion of Moscow should put an end to the war. His narcissistic wife, angered that the invasion will interfere with their plans to start a family that year, conceives a plot to assassinate Napoleon at his quarters. Boris and Sonja debate the matter with some degree of philosophical double-talk, and Boris reluctantly goes along with it. Sonja escapes arrest while Boris is executed despite being told by a vision that he will manage to escape.'] ["Laxminarayan 1  lives a poor lifestyle in Mumbai with his widowed mother Kanta, who wants him to be a successful gangster and would like him to kill a few people, make enough money, then marry Chota Khujli's daughter, Meena Khujli. To fulfill his mother's wish, Laxminarayan #1 accepts a contract to kill D'Mello Yadav , a Pondi-based gangster, who has stolen a diamond. Laxminarayan 2 , the detailed and obedient Secretary of D.M. Pipat, wants him to buy a vintage car from a Pondi-based used car dealer, Laila . The third Laxminarayan 3 sells undergarments and runs a business, 'Bulbul Lingerie,' with his son, Sonu; he travels to Pondi to meet with his new supplier, Jiya . The trio all arrive and book rooms next to each other in Blue Diamond Hotel. Their respective lives are hilariously turned upside down when their names cause all three to end up in the wrong places."] ["{{Plot}} The story starts out with the regular lives of three friends - Dave ([[Barry Watson , Adam , and Doofer  - who are head Social Committee in a frat house called KOK . The KOK are known for throwing heavy parties and socially discriminating the members of the sorority DOG  who regularly protest the actions of the KOK. The three are then falsely accused of stealing money from the fraternity, which goes towards the end of the year 'KOK-tail Cruise' at the end of the semester, which guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company no matter how low their IQ is. Dave and his friends are kicked out of the house as a result. The three realize that the proof they need to prove their innocence is on a video tape still in the KOK house. In order to infiltrate the house, the three follow Doofer's plan of dressing up as women  to get inside. They are however unsuccessful as someone else has moved into their room, one that develops a crush on Adina . Then they are thrown out of the house when they are mistaken for being members of 'DOG'. Thrown onto the DOG's doorstep, they are immediately accepted by the group for being 'plus-sized' girls. Since there is free room and board to those who pledge for the first semester at DOG, they decide to pledge to hide out for a while. While the boys deal with the hardships of being women, they are subjugated to all kinds of abuse from a fellow sorority, the 'Tri-Pis' . They also have to figure out a way of getting the tape back. While Adina  tries to seduce a fellow KOK brother Jimmy to get the tape, Daisy  is falling for the DOG president Leah. Daisy  and Leah meet on the first night when Daisy gets up in the middle of the night to take a shower thinking he/she will be alone and he can shower as a man. His/her relationship gets in the way of Adam/Adina's attempt to get the tape back. The DOG's end up on the KOK - Tail Cruise after they win the powder puff football game against the tri pi's which includes a ticket on the ship. While on the ship Dave/Daisy needs to get out of his/her dress so he can meet with John Claus and get a job in his company. While he/she is going to get out of his/her dress, he/she walks by Leah who asks Daisy to dance with her. During their dance, Leah tells Daisy that she knows it is hard for Daisy to accept a lesbian relationship and she says it is hard for her too, but she is willing to commit if Daisy is. They start kissing and then Daisy tells Leah that she has decided to move back to Minnesota. The movie reaches its climax when the guys' true identity are revealed to the KOKs and DOGs, before they reveal that they were indeed innocent of stealing the money and the perpetrator  is punished. The DOGs finally get revenge on the Tri-Pi's as well as the boys  get reinstated into KOK. Dave makes things up with Leah as Dave and not Daisy, and the KOK try to make themselves better men. Adam is instated as president, and many of the KOK guys are now dating the DOG girls while the Cruel Tri-Pi's are still floating out in the ocean in a raft they were put on when the DOG's kicked them off the KOK cruise.http://themoviespoiler.com/Spoilers/sororityboys.html"] ["After her client Albert Osborne  makes a pass at her, Susan Applegate  quits her job as a scalp massager for the Revigorous System and decides to leave New York City and return home to Stevenson, Iowa. Upon arriving at the train station, she discovers she has only enough money to cover a child's fare, so she disguises herself as a twelve-year-old girl named Su-Su. When a suspicious conductor catches her smoking, Su-Su takes refuge in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby  who, believing she is a frightened child, agrees to let her stay with him until they reach his stop. When the train is detained by flooding on the tracks, Philip's fiancée Pamela Hill  and her father, his commanding officer at the military academy where he teaches, drive to meet him. Pamela boards the train and finds Su-Su sleeping in the lower berth in his compartment. Imagining the worst, she accuses Philip of being unfaithful and reports his alleged infidelity to her father. Indignant, and still feeling protective of Su-Su, Philip insists on bringing her to the school where her parents can retrieve her. The Hills, meeting Su-Su in person and now believing that she is only 12 years old, agree to let her stay with them. Pamela's teenaged sister Lucy  immediately sees through Susan's disguise. She promises to keep her secret if Susan will help her sabotage Pamela's efforts to keep Philip at the academy instead of allowing him to fulfill his wish to be assigned to active duty. Pretending to be Pamela, Susan calls one of Pamela's Washington, D.C. connections and arranges to have Philip's status changed. Susan becomes popular with the young students, especially cadet Clifford Osborne, unaware he is the son of the client who prompted her to quit her job. When the elder Osborne visits the school, he recognizes Susan and reveals her identity to Pamela, who threatens to expose her and Philip and create a public scandal unless Susan leaves immediately. Susan returns home, but continues to fantasize about Philip, much to the dismay of her fiancé Will Duffy . When Philip stops to visit her on his way to California to report for active duty, she pretends to be her own mother and Philip leaves without learning the truth. After discovering Pamela has married someone else, Susan rushes to the train station and confesses her deception, and she and Philip decide to marry in Nevada while en route to his army base."] ['The dim-witted but good-natured Derek Elijah Zoolander is ousted as the top male fashion model by the rising star, Hansel McDonald, and his reputation is further tarnished by a critical article from journalist Matilda Jeffries. After his three flatmates and colleagues are killed in a "freak gasoline-fight accident", Derek announces his retirement from modeling and attempts to reconnect with his father Larry and brothers by helping in the coal mines. Derek\'s delicate methods make him an impractical miner, and his family rejects him. Meanwhile, fashion mogul Jacobi Mugatu, and model agent Maury Ballstein are charged by the fashion industry to find a model that can be brainwashed to assassinate the new progressive-leaning Prime Minister of Malaysia, allowing them to retain cheap child labor in the country. Though Mugatu has previously refused to work with Derek for any show, Derek accepts Mugatu\'s offer to star in the next runway show. Mugatu takes Derek to his headquarters, masked as a day spa, where Derek is conditioned to attempt the assassination when the song "Relax" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood is played. Matilda, who felt partially responsible for Derek\'s retirement, is suspicious of Mugatu\'s offer, and tipped off by an anonymous caller, tries to enter the spa, but is thrown out. Matilda tries to voice her concerns to Derek once he leaves, but he ignores her. Matilda follows Derek to a pre-runway show, where he loses to Hansel in a "walk-off" judged by David Bowie. Matilda receives another anonymous call to meet at a nearby cemetery. Matilda along with Derek find the anonymous caller is hand model J.P. Prewett, who explains that the fashion industry has been behind several political assassinations, and the brainwashed models are soon killed after they have completed their task  Before J.P. can explain more, Katinka, Mugatu\'s chief henchwoman, and her aides attack the group, forcing Derek and Matilda to flee. They decide to go to Hansel\'s home, the last place they believe Mugatu will think to look, and Derek and Hansel resolve their differences while partaking of Hansel\'s collection of narcotics and participating in group sex with Matilda and others. While recovering, Derek also finds that he is falling in love with Matilda. Derek and Hansel break into Maury\'s offices to find evidence of the assassination plot, but cannot operate his computer to find them. Derek leaves for the show, Hansel following later with the computer in hand, believing that, as told to him by Matilda "the files are inside the computer". Matilda tries to intercept Derek before the show, but Katinka thwarts her attempt. As Derek takes the runway, Mugatu\'s disc jockey starts playing "Relax", activating Derek\'s mental programming. Before Derek can reach the Prime Minister, Hansel breaks into the DJ booth, and switches the music to Herbie Hancock\'s "Rockit", breaking Derek\'s conditioning. Hansel and the DJ have a brief fight before Hansel eventually unplugs the system, moments before Derek was about to snap the Prime Minister\'s neck. Mugatu attempts to cover up the incident, but Hansel offers Maury\'s computer as evidence, smashing it to the ground which he believes would release the incriminating files. Though the evidence is destroyed, Maury steps forward and reveals he had backed up the files, and offers to turn over the evidence of the assassination plot after years of guilt for his complicity in the conspiracy. Mugatu attempts to kill the Prime Minister himself by throwing a shuriken, but Derek stops him by unleashing his ultimate model look, "Magnum", that stuns everyone and literally causes the shuriken to freeze in the air before harmlessly falling to the ground. Mugatu is arrested, and Derek is thanked by the Prime Minister. At Derek\'s hometown, Larry proudly acknowledges his son\'s achievement. In the film\'s dénouement, Derek, Hansel, and Maury have left the fashion industry to start "The Derek Zoolander Center for Kids Who Can\'t Read Good and Wanna Learn to Do Other Stuff Good Too". Derek and Matilda are shown as now having a son named Derek Zoolander, Jr., who has already developed his first modeling look.'] ['Aspiring writer Lester Grimm  starts going out with Ramona Ray  after being introduced by Lester\'s friend Vince  and Vince\'s fiancee Lucretia . They immediately hit it off, but Ramona mentions on their first date that one of her ex-boyfriends is famous writer Dashiell Frank . Lester becomes slightly jealous. One day Lester is walking down the street and he spots Dashiell and follows him. He then notices how Dashiell goes to group therapy. He then joins the group, pretending that he is actually his friend, Vince. After several sessions with the group and Dr. Poke , Dashiell is complaining about how he has never been faithful when Lester bursts out with some criticism that shocks everyone. After a couple more sessions, Lester decides to leave the therapy group, which Vince strongly advises against, as he had asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice. Vince then convinces Lester to stay for two more sessions, where Lester continues to \'fight\' Dashiell. During one particular session, Dashiell is talking about a character in one of his books, and says that it was based on a true person. We are then led to believe that he is talking about Ramona. Lester still continues with the group therapy, even after the two sessions that he said was his last. After a session, Dashiell asks Lester if he would like to go for a drink. They go to a bar where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their arguments in therapy, since no one else speaks their minds. Lester had arranged to meet Ramona after the session, but has forgotten about it, while Dashiell and Lester become friends. When Lester goes to Ramona\'s house later, and apologizes for not meeting her, he lies and said that he went to see "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and that it was shot in color, although if he had seen the film he would have known it was in black and white. Dashiell invites Lester to come over to his house for a drink, and he agrees. Here we meet Irene , Dashiell\'s girlfriend. After the meeting, Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed, where Ramona reveals that a past boyfriend, Steven , had come over and that they had had sex, but that it was before she and Lester were serious. She then says that her relationship with Steven is over, and that the sex hadn\'t meant anything. Later, when Lester is having dinner at Ramona\'s house, Ramona reveals her sexual past, which proves that she couldn\'t be the character that Dashiell had described earlier. They then talk about the first time they slept together, which leads to an argument. At the next therapy session, the true Vince joins the group, under a fake name as \'Leo\' and adopts a British accent for the therapy. Vince then reveals Lester\'s problems to the group, but says that they are his own, even though Lester objects. After the session they have an argument. In another session, Dashiell reveals that he had met Ramona coincidently after a meeting, and that they had had sex. Lester then walks out of the session, to find Ramona. She is outside and they have an argument in the street, while the rest of the group come out to see what happens. All of the lies are revealed, and Dashiell punches Lester. Lester begins to walk away, then turns around, walks up to Dashiell and says "She\'s my girlfriend", and punches him. Lester and Ramona argue and break up. Several months later, at the Iowa Writer\'s Workshop, Lester working on his writing, and back in New York, Ramona has been going to Dr. Poke for therapy. The scene then shifts to Vince and Lucretia\'s wedding, where Lester and Ramona see each other. Lester outstretches his hand, asking Ramona to dance. At first she hesitates, saying how long it had taken for her to get over him, and he agrees. He then outstretches his hand again, and this time she accepts.'] ['Chester  is desperate for a promotion at work. To impress his boss, he claims to have been a good soccer player in his youth and is badgered into coaching a girls\' team called the Ladybugs. The Ladybugs are sponsored by his company and also includes the boss\'s daughter, Kimberly , as a player. The team makes a dreadful start to the season and the boss is less than impressed. In his personal life, Chester is engaged to Bess , who has a son, Matthew , from a previous marriage. Matthew just happens to be a great soccer player. Chester invites Matthew to watch the Ladybugs practice and to get some tips. Matthew falls for Kimberly the second he sees her and it is partly due to this that Chester persuades him to dress like a girl and play for the team under the name Martha. With only Chester and Matthew knowing the secret of Martha\'s identity, the team wins the rest of its games to get to the championship game. Kimberly makes friends with Martha, not knowing "she" is in fact Matthew. Just before the championship game, Bess finds out that Matthew has been dressing as a girl to play. She becomes angry with Chester, making him drop Matthew from the team. Kimberly, who has not been playing well, is also dropped on the request of Chester\'s boss. The Ladybugs go down 3-0 in the first half. At halftime, Matthew reveals to Kimberly and the rest of the team that he is Martha. His honesty fires the team up and with Chester\'s encouragement, Kimberly scores the winning goal on a penalty kick. As the Ladybugs win the championship, Chester gets his promotion. Bess and Chester get married while Matthew and Kimberly begin dating.'] ["Beta is the story of Raju , the only child of a widowed multi-millionaire. Raju's father can provide him anything he wants, but Raju's only desire is to have a mother's love. To please him, his father gets married to Laxmi , thinking that she will take care of Raju. Raju becomes completely devoted to his stepmother, doing whatever she wishes. Raju's stepmother keeps Raju uneducated, under the pretext that education would get her son a job working for other people, while she wants her him to be self-employed. As he grows up, Raju's father is gradually isolated from the family and locked in a dark room of the family home, being labelled as mentally unstable. Raju, meanwhile, meets Saraswati . Raju sees her being abducted and assaulted at a fair. After he saves her, the two fall in love. Raju marries Saraswati after everyone in the village believes that she is no longer chaste. Saraswati discovers that Laxmi's motherly love for Raju is fake and all that Laxmi is interested in is capturing Raju's wealth. She is horrified to find Raju's father being treated as a mentally ill patient. Only after speaking to him does she realise that the reason for Raju's naive nature and uneducated status is because his stepmother manipulated him so that she can take advantage of him. Laxmi has another son from the father who is being educated but also seeks Raju's wealth which his mother Laxmi intends for him to inherit. And thus begins a battle within the household between daughter-in-law and mother-in-law which involves Saraswati trying to outdo Laxmi. Initially, Saraswati allows Raju's father to come out of his prison and insists that there is nothing wrong with him. She voices her concerns to Raju about his mother, resulting in Saraswati being slapped repeatedly around the courtyard of the house in front of all the family members. Saraswati is ready to leave but wisely decides to apologise to her mother-in-law, only to take an oath to protect her husband and her house from Laxmi's immoral intentions. This humiliation does not deter Saraswati who cleverly starts exposing Laxmi's every step in a dignified manner for the sake of her husband. She publically exposes the fact that Raju's younger step-brother has not received a degree in Medicine, rather that he has bought a fake one. She gives Laxmi a taste of her own medicine by causing her to slip which leads to an over-protective Raju to look after her and not allow her to do anything but lay down &mdash; scuppering any plans Laxmi intends to execute. Upon discovering that Saraswati is pregnant, Laxmi decides that enough is enough and tries to kill Saraswati by mixing poison with saffron that Laxmi will mix with her milk. However, when Saraswati discovers this, she approaches Raju and tells him the truth once again. Raju refuses to believe her, even when she takes an oath upon her unborn child's life and decides to prove Saraswati wrong by offering to drink the poisoned milk himself. Only when Raju begins to cough up blood, does he realise that Saraswati was telling the truth. He confronts his mother in his usual innocent manner and asks her why she had forsaken him; he tells her that, had she simply asked him for his wealth, he would have happily agreed to give her all he had. He tells Laxmi that his dying wish will be that he would request his mother to at least once with a clean heart to call him 'her son', so that he may die in peace. His words touch Laxmi deeply and she realises the cruelty that she has shown the only son who has ever loved her. There is a brief altercation between Laxmi and her real son who still wishes to procure Raju's wealth. Raju, in his deteriorating state still manages to save his mother from his step-brother. The film concludes with Raju recovering following treatment and agreeing to give up his worldly possessions to his mother and leaving home with his wife and father. At the last moment, Laxmi begs him not to leave, claiming to have learnt the error of her ways; she tears up the property papers and tells him that she does not want his wealth, all she wants is 'her son' and nothing more."] ["The films follows a series of encounters of a patrolling Police Tactical Unit of one single night, where the team tries to help an Organised Crime and Triad Bureau Sergeant Lo Sa to retrieve his lost revolver after he was assaulted by a group of triad members. The films portrays police officers' use of extralegal means to achieve investigative result and reveal the complex relationships between criminals and police officers, hostility among criminals themselves, and even rivalry among different bureaux within the Police Force."] ['The Stooges join the war effort by enlisting as Merchant Marines. While aboard, they have a brief run-in with  Lt. Dungen , and then mistake a torpedo for a beached whale. Moe says they have to kill it, and it promptly explodes. After being lost at sea for several days, they come across the SS Schicklgruber and climb aboard. Now with fully grown beards, they come across Lt. Dungen again, who does not recognize them. After realizing they are in with a nest of German sailors, they eventually overtake the crew and toss them overboard.'] ["With flashbacks, Connie Doyle's  early life is given to give us an idea of her mindset. At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo , moves in with him and winds up pregnant. When she informs him of the fact, he kicks her out, denying responsibility. Destitute, Connie has nowhere to go, and, trying to find a shelter, gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket, and no money with which to buy one, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne and taken to his private compartment. There, she meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. When the train crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing Patricia's wedding band, which has Patricia and Hugh's names engraved on the inside. She wakes up in the hospital, no longer pregnant, and learns that Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash. Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on her child, Connie thinks the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still on her finger. Once she realizes what has happened she tries to explain the situation, but is prevented from doing so by the nurses who believe she is just hysterical. Eventually, she meets Hugh's mother, Grace , who has a bad heart. Afraid of making her ill, and with nowhere else to go, Connie believes it is the best thing for her and her baby to accept the woman's offer and go to Grace's home. At the Winterbourne house, Connie meets Bill , Hugh's identical twin brother. When the initial shock wears off, she nervously begins her new life. This life is one she never expected to be a part of. The world is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust to the high society position she is now required to shoulder. Bill is a bit wary of Connie, and questions her identity, believing she is after the family's money. He investigates things on his own, learning her real identity. They spend the day walking around Boston, and begin to bond. Later that night, perhaps because of his growing feelings for her, Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie, but changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more. Afterward, a drunk Paco demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango. They do so and end up sharing several kisses. Connie bonds with Grace, and feeling guilty for taking advantage of her kindness, decides to leave with Hughie. Bill discovers her packing and attempts to convince her to stay, including proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight and give him her answer the next day. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco, the family's chauffeur, follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. She returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her absence, and decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne. Steve discovers Connie's good fortune, and tries to blackmail her. In the confusion that ensues, Steve is shot. Bill and Connie flee the scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve. It is then that Bill reveals that he knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. Both believe they are home free, until their wedding day. When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the murder themselves. Shocked, the police tell them they already have the murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and abandoned her. The police only came to question about the check Connie had written out to Steve. Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren. The wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like the real Patricia's ring."] ['A movie studio executive  introduces the movie, explaining that the film itself has no plot, but simply shows Jerry Lewis as Stanley, the bellboy, getting in many ridiculous situations, bumbling his way from one scene to the next. Stanley does not speak, except at the very end of the movie. Lewis also appears in a speaking role playing himself escorted by a large entourage, as his bellhop counterpart simultaneously emerges from a crowded elevator.'] [' The "gold diggers" are four aspiring actresses: Polly the ingenue, Carol the torch singer, Trixie the comedienne, and Fay the glamour puss. The film was made in 1933 during the Great Depression and contains numerous direct references to it. It begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer\'s creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills. At the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses , the producer, Barney Hopkins , is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money. He hears Brad Roberts , the girls\' neighbor and Polly\'s boyfriend, playing the piano. Brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers Hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production. Of course, they all think he\'s pulling their legs, but he insists that he\'s serious &ndash; he\'ll back the show, but he refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice. Brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past, and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead they have hired. It turns out, however, that Brad is in fact a millionaire\'s son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre. On opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile  can\'t perform , Brad is forced to play the lead role. With the resulting publicity, Brad\'s brother, J. Lawrence Bradford and the family lawyer, Fanuel H. Peabody discover what he is doing, and arrive in New York to prevent him from being seduced by "gold diggers". Their goal is to break up the romance between Brad and Polly. Lawrence mistakes Carol for Polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the "cheap and vulgar" showgirl from marrying Brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she goes along with the gag in order to eventually pull the rug out from under him. Trixie meanwhile targets "Fanny" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation. But what starts as gold-digging turns into something else, and when the dust settles, Carol and Lawrence are in love and Trixie marries Fanuel, while Brad is free to marry Polly after all. All the "gold diggers"  end up married to wealthy men.'] ["Karen  and Paul  are about to get married. However, after his bachelor party, Paul wakes up next to Becky , a dancer at the party. Assuming they slept together, Paul rushes Becky out of his apartment and hopes never to see her again. He tries to cover up the connection for the few days before the wedding. Unfortunately, Becky unexpectedly shows up around town and turns out to be Karen's cousin. Even worse, Becky's ex-boyfriend cop Ray had Becky followed and photographed. Becky and Paul meet again to steal those pictures from Ray's apartment. Further problems arise with family and friends consistently showing up at the wrong times. Crabs, dirty underwear in the toilet tank, a horny best friend, and a best man/brother who is in love with the bride all provide for a week of wedding preparations."] ['{{See also}} Mark Whitacre, a rising star at Decatur, Illinois based Archer Daniels Midland  in the early 1990s, blows the whistle on the company’s price-fixing tactics at the urging of his wife Ginger.{{cite news}} One night in November 1992, Whitacre confesses to FBI special agent Brian Shepard that ADM executives – including Whitacre himself – had routinely met with competitors to fix the price of lysine, an additive used in the commercial livestock industry. Whitacre secretly gathers hundreds of hours of video and audio over several years to present to the FBI.{{cite news}}<ref nameSidhu |firstFresno company connected to Matt Damon movie |publisher2008-07-23 |urlr7c-e_9thlk}} He assists in gathering evidence by clandestinely taping the company’s activity in business meetings at various locations around the globe such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong, eventually collecting enough evidence of collaboration and conspiracy to warrant a raid of ADM. Whitacre’s good deed dovetails with his own major infractions and his internal, secret struggle with bipolar disorder seems to take over his exploits.{{cite news |authorWhat is "The Informant" about? |publisher2008-05-16 |url"Cain-behind"/>In the ensuing chaos, Whitacre appears to shift his trust and randomly destabilize his relationships with Agent Shepard, his partner Agent Herndon and numerous attorneys in the process. Authorities at ADM began investigating, in an attempt to cover tracks, the mounted papertrail with forged names and specs that Whitacre had built to cover his own subversive deeds. After being confronted with evidence of his fraud, Whitacre\'s reasoning and defensive claims begin to spiral out of control, including an accusation of assault and battery against Agent Shepard and the FBI, which had made a substantial move to distance their case from Whitacre entirely. Because of this major infraction and Whitacre’s bizarre behavior, he was sentenced to a prison term three times as long as that meted out to the white-collar criminals he helped to catch. In the epilogue of Whitacre\'s case, Agent Herndon visits inmate Whitacre in prison as he videotapes a futile appeal to seek a presidential pardon. Overweight, balding and psychologically beaten after his years long ordeal, Mark Whitacre is eventually released from prison with his wife Ginger, waiting to greet him.'] ['Tommy Spinelli , is a wiseguy hired by a pair of dimwitted hit men to transport a duffel bag full of decapitated heads across the country to a crime boss . While on a commercial flight, his bag is accidentally switched with that of Charlie Pritchett , a friendly, talkative, young American tourist who is going to Mexico to see his girlfriend Laurie  and her parents ([[George Hamilton . The film revolves around Spinelli harassing Charlie\'s friends Ernie  and Steve  for information, while Charlie and Laurie attempt to get rid of their rather unfortunate luggage. The film ends with Charlie and Laurie bringing a severed head to the airport, in order to prove her father\'s innocence. Benny and Rico try to intervene, but end up getting arrested. It is revealed that Tommy and Charlie set them up, as Tommy departs to Hawaii. Steve goes insane by running around the airport, telling security guards that it is his "best friend." During the credits, Charlie and Laurie get married with her mother and father present, Steve is now placed in a strait-jacket, Fern is also present after being thrown out of a van, Ernie is now a brain surgeon, and Tommy is enjoying his retirement.'] ["Three brothers, Samo, Sandi and Krištof think up a plot to get hold of maths finals test papers from their professor at secondary school through courting a girl they assume is his daughter. Not knowing her true name, they call her Vesna, after the Slavic goddess of Spring. The professor's real daughter, the attractive Janja turns up for a date with Samo and they fall in love. When Vesna / Janja finds out the original reason for Samo's interest in her, she does not want to see him again, but eventually changes her mind.plot translated from Slovenian Film Fund site in Slovene"] ['Wallace Ritchie  flies from Des Moines, Iowa to England to spend his birthday with his brother, James , the same evening James is to hold a business dinner. Though James is all too happy to spend time with Wally, his presence threatens to sour the evening, and so James sets Wallace up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wally\'s birthday. Trouble begins when Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act. The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst , mistakes Wallace as a hitman he\'d hired named Spencer. Thinking it\'s part of the act, Wallace uses that identity. The real Spencer  picks up the phone call meant for Wally and murders one of the actors, prompting a search for Wallace. Sir Roger, his assistant Hawkins , the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton , and a Russian intelligence member Sergei  plan to detonate an explosive device  during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology. Still believing he\'s acting with the Theatre of Life even after he is comedically mugged, Wally meets Lori , Embleton\'s call-girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the assassination plot. Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for them and drives Spencer off. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two "plumbers", while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky , all charged with eliminating "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori come back, retrieving the letters. When Wallace uses Spencer\'s communicator during a conversation with Daggenhurst, he tells him that "I know a couple of guys who\'re hoping to fire up some big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James\' promise. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy that has caught on to their scheme. After a police chase ends with Daggenhurst convincing the police that Wallace is a spy, Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds in return for the letters, at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place. This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off. All the while Wally gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who confesses she\'d love to study acting once they\'re paid. Wally contacts James, but is captured, prompting James to call the Theatre for more time. By this point, the police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James, who thinks the officer he\'s talking to is an uncooperative actor. Believing James is an accomplice to the murder, they send a strike team to foil what they believe was a terrorist plot. However, James has already left to seek Wally at the hotel, having seen the news report that Wallace had murdered an actor. Wally meets Boris face-to-face, but Boris\' attempts to find out who he\'s working for with truth serum fails . Boris opts for torture by Dr. Rudmilla Kropotkin , but Wally and Lori escape. Lori and Wally separate, while James is captured and sent to Dr. Kropotkin while looking for Wally. Wally unwittingly finds himself as part of a group of Russian folk dancers. During the routine, he uses the Matryoshka doll bomb, disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris, and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing. Realizing their plot has failed, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wally\'s doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wally and Lori share a kiss. Some time later on an exotic beach Wally unwittingly incapacitates a spy , passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a movie star, Wallace accepts their offer. The movie ends with Wallace persuading them to act like dogs, desperate to have him join them.'] ['An Australian heiress, Alexandra , hires Carlos , a down on his luck tourist, after her father vetoes her burly, life-of-the-party boyfriend, Bruce ([[Vernon Wells . Carlos is a waiter working in a Mexican restaurant located in Sydney, Australia.'] ["Kat Ellis  is a single New Yorker who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of honor at her younger half sister's  wedding. The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who unexpectedly dumped her two years ago. Anxious about confronting him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer  to pose as her boyfriend. Kat intends to make her former flame, Jeffrey , jealous, but her plan backfires when Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in love. Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he slowly falls for her. Along the way, Kat discovers her half sister, Amy, slept with Jeffrey while they were still together. Jeffrey dumped Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy. Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed , just before the church ceremony. However, Ed decides that he loves Amy more than he is angry, and they end up getting married after all. Kat and Nick end up together. Jeffrey, the main reason for all the trouble, learns absolutely nothing. At the end he is seen, possibly in France, as Nick jokingly said to Ed, trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor."] ['Lopez , a bureaucrat from the Latin American "Republica De Los Cocos" {{citation needed}} Lopitos, who is horribly inefficient but quick-witted, is invited  to a banquet attended by the ambassadors of both superpowers. After the news of a series of coups d\'état in Los Cocos arrives throughout the meal, Lopitos becomes the official ambassador. At a summit of world leaders, the representatives of the two world superpowers, "Dolaronia"  and "Pepeslavia", court the allegiances of third-world diplomats to tilt the balance of global power in their favor. The last diplomat to remain unaligned, Lopitos instead harangues the superpowers for infringing on the rights of developing countries to self determination, talking to them with his point of view as a citizen not as ambassador because he arranged his demise as ambassador one day before his speech.'] ["The story begins in a small town in western Montana where New Jersey based bank robber Frank Salazar has been hiding out from the law after a series of bank robberies in Newark. Upon realizing that the local bank contains a large amount of cash, Salazar recruits four former accomplices to come to town and help him rob the bank. Among them are Nick Bartkowski, a nervous and possibly alcoholic safecracker; Max Green, an old school explosives expert with a heart condition; Ray Forgy, a young, wisecracking auto thief and getaway driver; and Carlos Barrios, a well-manicured lookout and weapons expert. Before they can arrive, however, two New Jersey detectives  catch up with Salazar, arrest him, and extradite him back to New Jersey. But Salazar soon escapes and becomes hopelessly lost in the Montana wilderness as he flees Denver and Lonigan's custody. Unaware of Salazar's arrest and escape, the four accomplices arrive and realize that he is nowhere to be found. They finally decide to take down the bank on their own but must go through several humorous ordeals before they can complete their plan."] ['A Soviet spy  is on an official mission to obtain sensitive information from NATO about military mobilization. The klutzy intelligence operative has to rely on the instinct of his new partner and love-interest Penelope Lightfeather  as they traipse across the countryside, avoiding counter intelligence agents and distrustful communist operatives.<ref name2006|firstSinger|titleMcFarland}}'] ["Amid vignettes involving a philandering husband who fakes amnesia, a child prodigy who yearns to live a normal life, an aging bachelor whose housekeeper has disappeared, and an old lady whose daughter has run away, the primary plot line focuses on brash detective Butch Saunders, who is assigned to find missing Chicago banker Therme Roberts. Butch finds himself attracted to the man's wife Norma, despite the fact they're both married, so when his superior, Captain Webb, tells him she really is Norma Phillips and the man she claims is missing is not her husband but the person she has been accused of murdering, he doesn't believe her. Norma fakes her suicide by drowning and disappears, but can't resist returning when Butch stages her funeral in the hope she'll surface. Not only she but the missing Roberts, as well, turn up at the services. Norma tells Butch she once was Roberts' secretary, and he killed his mentally disturbed twin brother and assumed his identity in order to avoid embezzlement charges. Roberts denies her accusations, but Webb tricks him into admitting his guilt. Norma is cleared and, when Butch learns his wife Belle never divorced her first husband, the two are free to wed."] ["Jeetu  is constantly getting himself and his father into trouble because of his inability to properly manage money. Plunging them both into debt, Jeetu breaks off his engagement with his fiance, Pooja  and decides to commit suicide by throwing himself into the sea. Jeetu believes that by killing himself, he can do something right for once: his father can use the money from his life insurance to pay off his debts. Unfortunately, it does not go as planned and Jeetu is found tangled in some nets by a pair of fishermen, Gundya  and Bandya . Gundya owes money to a Gujarati businessman, Prabhat Singh Chauhan . He reads a note found in Jeetu's pocket, which makes him think Jeetu is rich, rather than in debt. The two fishermen hatch a scheme in which they will offer Jeetu to Prabhat in exchange for the money Gundya owes. Jeetu does not want to reveal too much, and therefore pretends to be deaf and mute. A hilarious row of sequences follow as this pretense of his gets both him and the fishermen into comical situations. Soon, it is revealed that Prabhat's niece Shruti  also happens to be mute, but not deaf. Her brother Mangal  wants her to get married and everything seems okay when her marriage is arranged. However, the groom's family breaks the marriage, humiliating Shruti and angering Mangal. One night, when Jeetu gets drunk, he begins to sing, but is caught when Shruti and her cousin Meenakshi  hear him . They promise to keep his secret but in return he must do something for Shruti. A greedy bridegroom is interested in marrying Shruti but only for her wealth; Jeetu must pretend to be her lover to break the marriage before it ruins Shruti's life. Meenakshi finds out that Jeetu is in debt and she thinks he will do anything for money. Unfortunately, Jeetu is involved in a car crash with Prabhat who, at the time, was carrying a lot of money. Meenakshi tells the police about her suspicions and they beat Jeetu mercilessly. Her views about him change however when Prabhat announces that Jeetu was the one that saved him and took him to the hospital. In the meantime, Bandya has returned from Jeetu's village with a suitcase full of money. He tells Jeetu that Pooja is married, but Pooja believes she is Jeet's widow, though the two never got married. At the same time, Shruti confesses her love for Jeet. Mangal finds out about the romance and practically forces Jeetu to marry Shruti. Free of debt, he agrees to marry Shruti, having fallen in love with her too. But when his family learns of this, they intrude on the marriage, wanting him to come home and marry Pooja instead. However, when Pooja learns that Shruti is mute, she has a change of heart and tells Jeetu to marry Shruti. Jeetu and Shruti get married and live happily ever after."] ["Steve Nichols is a struggling actor in New York City who takes the job posing as comic-book hero Captain Avenger at comics stores and conventions. He finds his life unexpectedly complicated when he stops a robbery while wearing the costume of Captain Avenger. The costume is for a film he is hired to promote, but Nichols decides to continue being a superhero and discovers that the superhero life is more complex than he initially thought. Nichols is hired by the mayor's staff, who hope that Captain Avenger's tie-in will help the mayor win an upcoming election. The plan is discovered and revealed by the media, and Captain Avenger finds himself on the outs with the public. Prodded by his girlfriend Jolene to be himself and not rely on a costume and mask to gain adulation, Nichols becomes a bonafide hero when he rescues a young child from a fire at an apartment building."] ["Struggling and starving in Paris as an aspiring artist, Paul Sloane has had enough. He wants to return home to America to resume his relationship with his rich fiancee, Laurie. Best friend and roommate Casey Barnett tries to talk him out of it. When a beautiful woman, Nikki Donay, suddenly leaps into the river Seine to escape a man's attentions, Paul jumps in to save her. They make it to a barge, but Casey and everyone else are under the mistaken impression that neither survived. Casey gets an idea. A dead artist's paintings could now be very valuable, particularly considering the publicity given Paul's heroic attempt to save the damsel in distress. He begins selling Paul's work, but when the artist himself reappears, very much alive, they hatch a scheme. Paul will pretend to still be dead, while continuing to produce paintings for Casey to sell. Matters become further complicated when Laurie comes to Paris. Of all the women in all the world, Casey falls in love with her. This infuriates his best friend, resulting in Paul seeking revenge by slipping evidence to the police that Casey actually murdered him to profit from the art. Casey is tried, convicted and sentenced to death."] ['* Introduction: The Road Runner flips the title cards by passing across. The chase begins as normal, and is then paused for the Road Runner . The camera zooms back to the Coyote . The camera then zooms back to the Road Runner and the chase resumes. The camera now zooms out as Wile E. chases after the Road Runner with a knife and fork. The Coyote strikes - and misses, sticking the utensils into the road as the Road Runner moves into superspeed. Wile E, left suspended in the road, lets go of the fork and scratches his head, only to fall down. He slumps on the ground and soon comes up with a new plan.  The Coyote attaches a spring-activated boxing glove to a large rock and hides behind it, hoping to strike the Road Runner. However, the tension in the spring causes the rock and Wile E. to be launched backwards instead of the glove forwards. The glove then retracts backwards and punches the stunned Coyote in the face. Wile E.\'s next plan is to traverse a tightwire and drop an anvil on the Road Runner, resulting in a "Road Runner Burger" as his drawing puts it. Obviously, the anvil is too heavy for the tightwire to handle, and Wile E. is stretched all the way to the ground and can be seen by the Road Runner, who taunts him before dashing off. Wile E. drops the anvil and is thus slung up into the air. Eventually, he peaks and falls downwards. Wile E. points expectantly at his backpack and pulls out a cord, hoping for a parachute; however, upon opening the pack, there is no parachute, simply common items like a hatchet and kitchen utensils. Wile E.\'s expression darkens as he knows what will happen now, and he then pulls out a tablet of aspirin and takes one to alleviate the inevitable pain. He weakly waves at the camera as he takes the plunge. The Coyote then tries a new plan to explode the Road Runner with trickery: set out a water glass with two signs by it reading "Last Water for 300 MILES" and "Free Drink of Water". Of course, nothing provided by Wile E. Coyote is free. It comes with "strings attached", that is, a string to a TNT device, which, as he hopes, should eliminate the Road Runner. Wile E. hides as he hears the approaching Road Runner, who stops at the water stand, mockingly spits at it, and speeds behind the hiding Coyote with a tall, large sign that reads "ROAD RUNNERS CAN\'T READ AND DON\'T DRINK". The Coyote\'s expression turns from smug to incredulous to outraged in a matter of seconds. He chases the Road Runner into an Old Cactus Mine, but soon realizes he has no helmet or flashlight. He returns to the cap rack and dons a cap, and the Road Runner pulls up to him and provokes a chase through the mine. They chase in a straight line until the Road Runner loads himself into an elevator and speeds to safety. For this section of scene three, the camera cuts alternately to an actual-size view inside the mine and a Pac-Man style view. Their hats color-code the characters during the latter period: the Road Runner is green and the coyote is red. * Real time: The Coyote brakes before falling into the shaft and gets into another lift to the left. *Pac-Man: The Coyote\'s lift descends until he spots the Road Runner in another shaft to the right, and follows him through it. The Road Runner ascends a level, flies over a gap, and causes the coyote to pause, then to jump and hold onto... *Real time:...the edge of this tunnel, and then to disappear through that tunnel. *Pac-Man: The Road Runner continues running down a level and then back up the same way he came. *Real time: Wile E. is momentarily stalled by having to climb a ladder up the main shaft. *Pac-Man: The chase continues circling in this way and gets faster and faster until the Road Runner edges into the right shaft. The Coyote continues circling at ever-quicker speeds until the Road Runner beeps at him, which alerts him to continue the chase. Past this shaft is an up-and-down zigzag shaft; the Coyote and Road Runner follow this until the shaft changes into a straight tunnel to the right and one to the northeast. The Road Runner moves into the northeast tunnel, while the Coyote continues moving in the same pattern, bumping himself many times upon the ceiling and floor of the east shaft. Eventually, he knocks out his headlight. *Real time: Wile E. lights a match for light, but happens to be in an explosive-laden tunnel. The camera now cuts to above the surface. The explosion warps the cactuses currently on camera into the word "YIPE!". Back on the surface, Wile E. has loaded himself on a springboard in order to sling himself towards the passing Road Runner. When he cuts the rope holding him back, he is planted directly on the ground and the spring unfurls like a Slinky. The Coyote is now waiting for the Road Runner to make a turn so that he can chase him with an abstrusely designed rocket. He lights the fuse with perfect timing, but unfortunately, the rocket fires directly up into the sky and explodes into an EAT AT JOE\'S sign. Now, Wile E. uses ACME\'s rocket-powered roller skates to prepare for the chase, which the Road Runner promptly begins by pulling up to the Coyote. The rocket thrust almost unseats the Coyote, but he manages to lift his midsection to normal height and begin a very promising chase. When the road takes a turn, however, the Coyote is catapulted off the end, his rear is bumped against the tops of several buttes, and he is then plopped on top of a high plateau. The skates are still functioning, and the jet blasts eventually join forces and continue to rush the Coyote forward. Wile E. is then thrown up into the sky, where the skates tucker out. The Coyote, knowing about the adverse effects of gravity on him, begins to pray then pulls out a wreath with R.I.P. on it as he falls into the ground. Wile E. climbs out of the hole he makes exhausted, and soon spots his "Free Drink of Water" trap set earlier in the cartoon. As he is thirsty, he lifts the glass and gets blown up. The fully recovered Coyote places a small railroad track, two bushes, himself, and a "R.R. STOP" sign in the middle of the road. This fails to stop the Road Runner, who mows down the Coyote and leaves him spread-eagled on the track to be flattened again by a train passing through additional tracks mysteriously set up. The Road Runner relaxes on the balcony of the caboose, with a "THE END" sign attached to the back of the caboose. That\'s All Folks!'] ["The movie's protagonist is Mark Watson , the pampered son from a rich family who is about to attend Harvard Law School along with his best friend Gordon . However, all of a sudden his father's neurotic psychiatrist talks his patient into having more fun for himself instead of spending money on his son. Faced with the horrifying prospect of having to pay for law school by himself, Mark decides to take up a scholarship, but the only suitable one is for African Americans only. So he decides to cheat by using tanning pills in a larger dose than prescribed to appear as an African American. Watson then sets out for Harvard, naïvely believing that blacks have no problems at all in American society. However, once immersed in a black student's life, Mark finds that people are less lenient than he imagined and more prone to see him as a black person instead of a fellow student. He meets a young African-American student named Sarah Walker , whom he first only flirts with; gradually, however, he genuinely falls in love with her. As it turns out, she was the original candidate for the scholarship which he had usurped, and now she has to work hard as a waitress to support herself and her son George while studying. Slowly, Mark begins to regret his deed, and after a chaotic day—in which Sarah, his parents  and his classmate Whitney , who is also his landlord's daughter, drop in for surprise visits at the same time—he drops the charade and openly reveals himself to be white. The film ends with Mark declaring to his professor  that he wishes to pay back the scholarship and do charity work to make amends for his fraud, and Sarah decides to give him another chance."] ["The film is about a young Glaswegian-Italian lounge singer, Toni Cocozza , with a passion for Frank Sinatra and the dream of becoming a hugely famous musician. He grows weary of playing to elderly crowds in third-rate bars and decides to accept career help from mob enforcer Chisolm  and his boss Connolly  who's wife  has taken a liking to Toni. In exchange for assisting the organization with their illegal activities, Chisholm pays for new clothes for Toni and pressures the producer of a talent show to allow Toni to compete in the contest. Meanwhile, he tries to keep his ties with the mob secret from his friend and accompanist Bill  and pretty cigarette girl Irene  who he has fallen for. The trio form a modern day Rat Pack with Irene as Shirley MacLaine. Eventually his luck runs out. While he is helping to rob a store, Toni misses a date with Irene and she and Bill discover that he is leading a double life. They beg him not to compete in the talent show as he will be forever indebted to Chisholm, but he goes anyway. He only places fifth and continues his career singing in lounges, but is deeply unhappy. One day while making a drug drop the drugs he is carrying are stolen by a street kid. Toni refuses to harm the street kid, thus making him a target for the mob hitmen. He performs one last time at a birthday bash for Connolly's wife, fully expecting to be killed after he finishes his number. Bill rescues him by creating a distraction, which gives him a chance to get away with Irene. Using assumed names, the two manage to evade the mobsters and escape to New York City."] ['A hapless talent manager named Danny Rose, by helping a client, gets dragged into a love triangle involving the mob. His story is told in flashback, an anecdote shared amongst a group of comedians over lunch at New York\'s Carnegie Deli. Rose\'s one-man talent agency represents countless incompetent entertainers, including a one-legged tap dancer, and one slightly talented one: washed-up lounge singer Lou Canova , whose career is on the rebound. Lou is having an affair with a woman, Tina , who had previously dated a gangster. Lou wants her to accompany him to his big gig at the Waldorf Astoria, where he will perform in front of Milton Berle, who could potentially hire him for even bigger things. At the singer\'s insistence, Danny Rose acts as a "beard," masquerading as Tina\'s boyfriend to divert attention from the affair. Tina\'s ex-boyfriend is extremely jealous, and believing Tina\'s relationship with Danny to be real, he orders a hit on Danny, who finds himself in danger of losing both his client and his life.'] ['Charlie McKenzie is a beat poet living in San Francisco, after having broken up with yet another girl based on paranoid perception. His policeman friend Tony tries to point out the pattern; that Charlie simply is afraid of commitment and tries to think of, or invent, any reason to break up with someone. Things pick up again when Charlie meets a butcher named Harriet, and becomes infatuated instantly. After a while of driving near her workplace, he goes in and volunteers to help her out that day, and eventually a date ensues that evening, with him learning various factoids about her. He learns she used to live in Atlantic City, used to be involved with a trainer for Russian martial arts, and screams at someone named Ralph in her sleep. The next day she is gone when he awakes, but her sister Rose, with whom she lives, is there and tries to get to know him a bit. She then kindly warns him to be careful. Meanwhile, Tony begins losing his enthusiasm for his job on the police force, frustrated that there is no action or comparison to how they portray it on TV. He tries to get his chief to become more short tempered, as per the stereotype in movies, by taking on bigger jobs. Charlie comes to Tony begging him to act as a voice of reason for the times ahead, not wanting to get hung up or paranoid about anything he may find odd about her. Charlie and Harriet begin falling deeper in love; he finds that she gets along great with his friends, they have perfectly matched passions, so he takes her to meet his parents. His parents Stuart and May are flagrantly Scottish, and tend to believe in conspiracy theories themselves, at which Charlie scoffs. His mother relies on the Weekly World News to keep her factually updated, and keeps them stacked up as reading material. Charlie picks one up in the bathroom, out of bemusement, and finds an article on "Mrs. X", a bride who kills her husbands on their honeymoon, who seems to perfectly match Harriet. The killer\'s three reported victims were a plumber named Ralph, a lounge singer from Atlantic City, and a Russian martial arts student. Now strongly suspicious of her, Charlie begs Tony to investigate. After finding that the husbands in question that have disappeared have been reported missing along with their wives, Charlie tries to let the issue go. Unfortunately his panic gets worse, suspecting her all the while but trying to cover it up, and eventually he breaks up with her. After a few days of gloom, Tony informs him that one of the husband\'s killers confessed. Charlie, realizing that he needs to make changes, rushes back to Harriet, informing her that he will see a therapist. He wins her over by playing one of his poems from her rooftop, and as they reconcile, every doubt he had gets disproved. Her friend Ralph was actually a girl, for example. At his parents\' 30th year anniversary, Charlie proposes to Harriet, and soon a wedding is underway. Later, they venture off to a secluded hotel up in the mountains for their honeymoon. Meanwhile, back at the police station, the chief informs Tony that the woman who had taken credit for the murder of the plumber was actually a compulsive confessor. Tony faxes a photo of Harriet to all of the known associates of the three missing husbands, and they all recognize her as their friends\' wife. Tony tries desperately to contact Charlie, but finds that the phone lines are down due to a storm where they are honeymooning, so he charters a plane. Upon landing he calls Charlie and warns him that Harriet is "Mrs. X", but before he can tell him anything else, their phone line gets knocked down, and the power goes out. Charlie desperately tries to escape, but Harriet finds him and begins acting unsettled and confrontational as he tries to leave her without letting on that he knows her traits. The endearing staff literally forces them into their hotel room to spend their first night together, and Charlie finds himself alone in the room with Harriet and an axe for the firewood. Harriet locks the door and begins telling him that she\'s been married before. He forces her into the closet and locks it, then looks down at their desk and sees a "Dear Jane" letter for Harriet, saying he has run away. Rose then leaps from the shadows and swipes at Charlie with the axe, stating that the husband "is never supposed to be in the room when the note is found", revealing herself to be the true killer. Charlie has no option but to run to the roof and try to evade Rose long enough for the police to show up. Eventually Tony leads the police into the hotel but arrests Harriet, still believing her to be the murderer. Rose swings the axe at Charlie and is thrown off the building, with only Charlie holding her up from falling to her death, prompting Tony to come to her aid. The authorities take her away, and Charlie and Harriet resume their lives afterward as a happy couple.'] ['Dr. Maxford  is thoroughly exasperated; he is supposed to announce on nationwide radio the winners of a contest to pick a new slogan for his Maxford House Coffee, with a first prize of $25,000, but his jury is deadlocked by one stubborn man, Mr. Bildocker . As a result, the program ends without an announcement. One of millions of contestants, office worker Jimmy MacDonald  dreams of winning, hoping to validate his faith in himself, provide some luxuries for his mother , and marry his girlfriend Betty Casey . Betty, however, does not understand his slogan: "If you can\'t sleep at night, it\'s not the coffee, it\'s the bunk." As a joke, three of his co-workers place a fake telegram on Jimmy\'s desk informing him that he has won. Jimmy\'s boss, J. B. Baxter , is so impressed, he promotes Jimmy on the spot to advertising executive, with his own office, a private secretary , and a raise. Tom Darcy, one of the pranksters, tries to clear things up before they go too far, but loses his nerve. When Jimmy goes to collect the check, Dr. Maxford assumes his committee finally reached a decision without informing him, and presents it to Jimmy. Jimmy and Betty go on a shopping spree at Shindel\'s department store. After telephoning Maxford to confirm the check is good, Mr. Shindel gives Jimmy credit to buy an engagement ring for Betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for all of their neighbors. When the truth comes out, Shindel descends on Jimmy\'s street to try to take back his goods. Maxford follows soon after and confirms that Jimmy did not win. Tom and the other two jokers admit they are to blame. Late that night, the couple go to the office to tell Baxter. Betty\'s heartfelt plea persuades Baxter to let Jimmy try to prove himself and keep his promotion, but on a very short probationary period and with no raise. Meanwhile, Bildocker bursts into Maxford\'s office to announce that the other jury members have finally given in and accepted his choice for the grand prize winner: Jimmy.'] ["Jimmy Shannon  is a partner in a financial brokerage firm that is on the brink of financial ruin when he is presented with his grandfather's will, according to which he is bequeathed seven million dollars on the condition that he marry by 7:00 p.m. on his 27th birthday, which happens to be that same day. Shannon, with the help of his partner and a lawyer, must find a bride."] ['The film opens with a fantasy sequence in which Johnny English , an inept British Intelligence agent, is "Agent One". He sneaks into a building, distracts two guard dogs with toys, knocks out two guards and seduces a woman who threatens him. He is awoken from his fantasy just as he is about to kiss the woman by his sidekick, Angus Bough . After being assured that English has checked the submarine hatch codes personally, the real Agent One  leaves on a mission. The audience then learn that Agent One died in action when his submarine hatch "failed to open". A bomb then wipes out Britain\'s remaining agents, all of whom were attending the funeral of Agent One, leaving only English. Nobody notices the hearse, which sped from the scene minutes earlier. Before his death, Agent One was investigating a plot to steal the Crown Jewels. Together with Bough, English takes over the case. Whilst investigating, English becomes attracted to a mysterious woman, Lorna Campbell , whom he meets at the unveiling of the newly restored Crown Jewels, where English is in charge of the security. The power to the room is cut, and English accidentally knocks out the chief of security, before pretending to fight a criminal in another room in an attempt to cover up this fact. Later, Bough and English follow a tunnel and find the Jewels, but fail to stop the thieves after English accidentally ejects the magazine from his pistol. English chases their car, a hearse, but accidentally trails the wrong one after being stopped by a red light and went the wrong way. Convinced the burial party he discovers is an act, he arrests the mourners and the priest before realizing his mistake. Bough rescues him by pretending that English is an escaped asylum inmate. The pair then uncovers the mastermind of the theft, French prison entrepreneur and descendant of William the Conqueror, Pascal Sauvage . English reports his suspicions to the head of MI7, Pegasus , who does not believe him. In the car park, one of Sauvage\'s henchmen attacks English and Bough, and escapes when English mistakenly attacks Bough. English and Bough infiltrate Sauvage\'s headquarters via parachute, but English lands on the wrong building, abseiling the identical London Hospital. He holds several staff and patients at gunpoint, before realizing his mistake. English activates a DVD player, exposing Sauvage\'s plan to instate himself as King, using an impostor, Archbishop of Canterbury . After English accidentally injects himself with muscle relaxant, he and Bough are rescued by Lorna from two of Sauvage\'s men. She turns out to be an Interpol agent, also on Sauvage\'s tail . Along with Bough, they gatecrash a party held by Sauvage. The muscle relaxant not yet worn off, English accidentally insults the Foreign Secretary . One of the henchmen reports English to Sauvage, a friend of English\'s unwitting boss, the latter of whom dismisses Bough and English. Sauvage decides that English knows too much and sends henchmen to force the Queen to sign a letter of abdication, as she does so for her precious pet dog. Sauvage is informed by British officials that, as the closest surviving relative of the Queen, the position of monarch now belongs to him. Lorna visits English at his flat, as his mission was reassigned to her, and persuades English to join her. They travel to France, infiltrate Sauvage\'s chateau, and overhear his proposal to turn the United Kingdom into a giant prison. However, English accidentally triggers a microphone, alerting Sauvage to their presence and in an attempt to steal an incriminating DVD, English accidentally drops it onto a tray full of identical discs, and takes the wrong one. Taken hostage, they are freed by Bough and return to England on the day of the coronation. At Sauvage\'s coronation, English sneaks in with Lorna, the former disguised as the English bishop in front of Sauvage. He publicly accuses Sauvage of treason, and unaware that the fake Archbishop is no longer being used, English attempts to pull off his face, believing it to be a mask and then pulls down his trousers to look for a tattoo that says "Jesus is coming, look busy". English then radios to Bough to tell him to play the DVD they retrieved. Bough does so, resulting in three-quarters of the world\'s population watching English, in a shower cap and underpants, dancing and miming along to "Does Your Mother Know" by ABBA. English escapes, but comes back, swinging from a wire above Sauvage and the Archbishop, grabbing the crown before it touches Sauvage\'s head. Sauvage reveals his true intentions to London by pulling a gun and shooting at English, telling London that it will stand in line and do what he\'s told no matter what, including letting him turn the country into a prison. In the following struggle, English is inadvertently crowned instead. He places Sauvage under arrest, reveals his plot to the Queen and allows her to return to the throne, in return for a knighthood. The film ends with English driving Lorna to the top of a mountain where Johnny accidentally presses the eject button whilst about to kiss her, and Lorna shoots into the sky. There is also a short scene in the credits showing Lorna landing in a swimming pool where Bough is sitting and as the orange haired criminal described earlier by English lowers his newspaper.'] ['Michael Dorsey  is a respected but perfectionist actor. Nobody in New York wants to hire him anymore because it is difficult to work with him. According to his long-suffering agent George Fields , Michael\'s attention to detail and difficult reputation got him fired from playing a tomato in a television commercial, because the idea of a tomato sitting down was "illogical" to him. After many months without a job, Michael hears of an opening on the soap opera Southwest General from his friend and acting student Sandy Lester , who tries out for the role of hospital administrator but doesn\'t get it. In desperation, he dresses as a woman, auditions as "Dorothy Michaels" and wins the part. Michael takes the job as a way to raise $8,000 to produce a play written by his roommate Jeff Slater , entitled Return To Love Canal. Michael plays his character as a feisty, feminist administrator, which surprises the other actors and crew who expected her to be another swooning female in the plot. Over time, however, his character Dorothy Michaels becomes a television sensation. When Sandy catches Michael in her bedroom half undressed , he covers up by professing he wants to have sex with her. They have sex despite his better judgment about her self-esteem issues. Michael believes Sandy is too emotionally fragile to handle the truth about him winning the part of Dorothy, especially after noticing her strong resentment of Dorothy getting the part. Their relationship, combined with his deception, complicates his now busy schedule. Exacerbating matters further, he is strongly attracted to one of his co-stars, lovely, soft-spoken Julie Nichols , a single mother in an unhealthy relationship with the show\'s amoral, sexist director, Ron Carlisle . At a party, when Michael  approaches Julie with a line that she had previously told Dorothy to which she would be receptive, she throws a drink in his face. Later, as Dorothy, when he makes tentative advances, Julie is shocked and later tells Dorothy that she likes "her," but not in a romantic way. Meanwhile, Dorothy has her own admirers to contend with: older cast member John Van Horn  and Julie\'s widowed father Les . John follows Dorothy home and almost forces himself on her, stopped only by Jeff walking in on them. Les even proposes marriage. Jeff and George are in on the masquerade and watch in amazement as the situation escalates out of control. The tipping point comes when, due to Dorothy\'s popularity, the show\'s producers want to extend her contract for another year. Michael finds a clever way to extricate himself. When the cast is forced to perform the show live, he improvises a grand speech on camera, pulls off his wig and reveals that he is actually the character\'s twin brother who took her place to avenge her. Sandy, Les and Jeff, who are all watching at home, have varying reactions of shock, the exception being Jeff, who simply remarks, "That... is one nutty hospital." The revelation allows everybody a more-or-less graceful way out. Julie, however, is so outraged that she slugs him in the stomach off-camera. Some weeks later, Michael awkwardly makes peace with Les in a bar, and Les shows tentative support for Michael\'s attraction to Julie. Later, Michael waits for Julie outside the studio. Julie resists talking but finally admits she misses Dorothy. When he confesses that "I was a better man with you as a woman than I ever was with a woman as a man", she forgives him and they walk off, Julie asking him to lend her a dress.'] ["Jean-Pierre is a literature professor in Switzerland. Due to the vagarities of Swiss law, he is selected, basically at random, to be the guardian of a parentless teenage boy named Antoine. Conflict comes into the story as Jean-Pierre, who has just accepted a major promotion, must now deal with caring for a teenage boy he doesn't want to care for, as well as handling his own jealous boyfriend. Then his wife steps into the picture. Things get complicated from there as Jean-Pierre tries to get out of his guardianship."] ["FBI agent Joe Devine  has been assigned to cook up an elaborate scheme to take down infamous mob boss John Gotti. He assumes the role of a Hollywood producer and tells all the right lies to enlist a stooge to help execute his sting. He finds unsuspecting wannabe writer/director Steven Schats , who'd do just about everything to get the chance to direct a feature. Schats falls hook, line, and sinker for the pitch, but what Devine doesn't tell Schats is that the movie will never be made. Everything goes according to plan &mdash; until Devine and his fellow agents start enjoying their new lives as Hollywood players a bit too much."] ["Roger Porter  is the long-lost black son of Walter Whitney , a respectable businessman who lives in the all-white community of San Marino, California. Once Roger turns up at Walter's office, it turns out that he is the result of Walter's relationship with a black woman, who is now dead. Walter's father-in-law had warned him that the relationship would be harmful to his career, so he broke it off. Walter attempts to help Roger by telling his wife Vivian  that he wants to adopt him. She accepts, but soon regrets the decision and ends up kicking Walter out. Her father also fires him, taking his car and benefits in the process. Penniless, he and Roger check into a motel, and later move into an apartment. Walter ends up as a manual labourer, shovelling horse manure. The final ten minutes makes the transition from comedy to drama, where Walter has to either accept that Roger is his son, or alienate him in order to salvage his position in society."] ["The Wrong Guy tells the story of dorky executive Nelson Hibbert , who gets passed over for a promotion. Nelson flees, unaware that security cameras have already revealed the identity of the true killer to the authorities. Nelson tries to escape to Mexico, but along the way he meets both the real killer  and the murder's investigator, Detective Arlen , who Nelson believes is trailing him. Chaotic events transpire and Nelson meets a narcoleptic farm girl, Lynn Holden . What follows is a bizarre series of misadventures marked with slapstick routines and constant one-liners."] ['Tom Turner, a con artist, works at a dead letter office and begins to answer the letters from people addressed to God.'] ['Three men board the same plane at Heathrow Airport bound for Venice: Melvyn Orton, a shy and unassuming clerk with an assignment of purchasing a house in Venice under penalty of losing his job; Mike Lawton, a hitman en route to Venice to kill his next mark, and Lord Maurice Horton, a rather large man who is mayor of a small city in the United Kingdom. All register in the Hotel Gabrielli. The first to check in is Maurice. He establishes that his name is Horton with an overeager bellboy who struggles with properly pronouncing the letter "H". Melvyn arrives next. He is checked in by the hotel\'s manager, who initially believes that he and Mr. Horton are the same person until Melvyn clarifies the spelling of his name. Third to arrive is Mike Lawton. They are all expecting messages: Melvyn from a real estate agency that is selling a worthless villa in the Lido, Mike from the Mafia and Maurice from a dating agency called Medi-Date. When the bellboy receives the message for Melvyn, he mistakenly delivers it to Maurice. The message from Medi-Date goes instead to Mike, who now believes that his "mark" is the woman Maurice was supposed to meet with. Melvyn, meanwhile, receives Mike\'s instructions to \'visit\' a local mob boss. Maurice is shown around the villa by Caroline Wright, who has received instructions to sell the house immediately. If she gets the money in cash, her commission will be tripled, allowing her to purchase a speed boat). Maurice is under the false impression that they are on a date, planning to have sex with her, but is baffled by the fact that she seems very intent  to get to "the nitty gritty." Mike is following Paticia  around Venice, trying to find the courage to kill her, since he is having second thoughts about his chosen profession. Melvyn calls seeking Mr. Scarpa, a mafioso who knows he is being sought by a killer, and is detained by thugs, taken to a cellar and tortured.  Maurice takes Caroline out for lunch, and Patricia has noticed Mike following her around and engages him in conversation. Mike is unsure of what to make of this, since he believes he is there to kill Patricia and she believes he is trying to go on a date with her. Melvyn is permitted to call his boss in England, trying to prove his story that he is there to buy Mr. Scarpa\'s extravagant house rather than kill him. While Scarpa and his men listen, Marshall thunders abuse at Melvyn and hangs up. Scarpa remarks that Melvyn is living life like a worm, letting his boss insult him so freely, but is still convinced he and this "Mr. Marshall" want Scarpa dead. The interrogation resumes, with Scarpa\'s men preparing to use electricity on Melvyn\'s genitals, but he remembers a man at his hotel- Maurice- with a similar last name. Scarpa and his men, now suspecting Maurice as the assassin, head to the hotel and take Melvyn with them. Maurice has tried to make a move on Caroline, who is offended, both still mistaking other\'s agenda. His belief that she is a prostitute is compounded by her confusion that he would pay cash for the villa if she agrees to have sex with him. Mike is about to kill Patricia but stops at the last minute. Everyone returns to the hotel: Maurice and Caroline to have sex, Mike to figure out what to do with Patricia, and Melvyn to check out and run for his life. Melvyn is trapped again by the mafiosi and led upstairs to a new room. Mike and Patricia have clarified that she is not his mark and that Medi-Date is a legitimate company, not a cover. Maurice, after having sex with Caroline, informs her he isn\'t going to buy the villa, since he lives in England and has little use for a home in Venice. Melvyn is being tortured again when the bellboy comes in, escorting Mrs. Horton, who is irritated to discover she\'s been led to the wrong room. Caroline is in Maurice\'s bathroom, considering the possibility that Maurice may very well cheat her out of the money he\'d promised when the bellboy brings Mrs. Horton in. She has become suspicious that Maurice is cheating on her, and after speaking with his secretary became certain Maurice was going to Venice to meet another woman. Caroline uses this as a chance to blackmail Maurice, implying that if he pays one hundred thousand pounds, in cash, she will keep their tryst secret. Maurice calls his bank manager in the UK to have the money transferred to him in Venice, a conversation overheard by Mike and the mafiosi. Mike and Patricia assume that Maurice has killed the mark and received the money, since one hundred thousand pounds was Mike\'s fee. The mafiosi have decided to kill Mr. Horton and Mr. Orton, convinced the former is a cleverly disguised assassin and that the latter knows too much. They obtain a remotely-detonated bomb, intending to make use of it later. Maurice receives the money, places it in a briefcase, and leaves it in the hotel safe. The mafiosi get a matching briefcase in which they hide the bomb, and upon placing it in the hotel safe swap tags on the two identical briefcases. Maurice takes his briefcase and leaves for the villa with Mike and the mafiosi in pursuit. Mike and Patricia try to steal the suitcase and a struggle ensues between them, the Hortons, and Caroline over the money. Melvyn, sitting in a raft offshore, is ordered to set off the bomb by an impatient Mr. Scarpa, whose boat is sitting further offshore, unable to get any closer. As Melvyn tries to comply, one of Scarpa\'s henchmen realizes a horrifying mistake- he and another of Scarpa\'s men both swapped the tags on the briefcases. Realizing the bomb is on the boat, Scarpa screams at his men to throw the briefcase overboard and begins firing at Melvyn with a pistol. Scarpa is trying to stop him from setting off the bomb, but Melvyn assumes the Mafiosi have become impatient and are telling him to hurry up. The detonator finally works, and Scarpa\'s boat explodes and sinks.  Mike retreats to the Hotel Gabrielli in a panic. The organization he works for doesn\'t forgive mistakes, and given what has happened he now fears for his life. When the bellboy knocks on the door, Mike grabs him and holds him at gunpoint while Patricia reads the message from Mike\'s employer: since his mark  and two of his top men were killed, he has been paid a generous bonus in addition to his original fee. Melvyn calls Mr. Marshall and tricks him out of £355,000.00, the price for Mr. Scarpa\'s house in Venice. Melvyn takes the money and runs for the Bahamas, where he sets up a sporting goods business specialising in testicle protectors. Mr. Marshall arrives at Scarpa\'s house sometime later, and Mr. Scarpa\'s men avenge their boss. Caroline finally gets the speedboat she has long dreamed of owning, but it crashes due to faulty engineering and she cheerfully sues the boat\'s maker for all the money she can get. She later marries a sumo wrestler. The Hortons\' villa falls apart and so does their marriage. The former Mrs. Horton soon finds a new and better husband, while Maurice is still looking for love when the film ends. Mike and Patricia, having become very fond of each other in their time in Venice, decide to marry. Mike finally ends his career as an assassin, opening up a flower shop as he had long desired to do. Patricia goes on to represent England in the Olympics, having become exceptionally skilled with short-barrel firearms.'] ['The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin and Marcus Copeland , posing as Afro-Cuban clerks, try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes. Unfortunately, the first arrival turns out to be a genuine ice cream delivery, and the actual drug dealers manage to get away. The situation is worsened by the fact that Kevin and Marcus have decided to resolve this bust by themselves. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon , gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses and socialites Brittany and Tiffany Wilson , who are arriving in town for the last social event of the summer in the Hamptons, from a kidnapping plot . When the Wilson sisters get minor facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. Kevin and Marcus then disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany\'s three best friends: soap heiress Karen ; diminutive Tori ; and insecure Lisa , and their rivals, the catty Vandergeld sisters Megan  and Heather . In addition, basketball player Latrell Spencer  takes an interest in Marcus/Tiffany, thinking that he is Tiffany, while Kevin shows interest in reporter Denise Porter . During a charity date auction being hosted by the Vandergelds, a date with Marcus/Tiffany is sold to Latrell for $50,000. The next day, Brittany, Tiffany, Karen, Tori and Lisa go to the beach where Latrell appears at the beach to flirt with Marcus/Tiffany, and Kevin/Brittany takes advantage of the situation and goes to Latrell\'s beach room to change into Latrell\'s clothes and pretends to be Latrell  and asks Denise out because Denise has a history of dating rich men. When Marcus/Tiffany goes on his charity auction date with Latrell, Kevin steals the keys to Latrell\'s car and house and takes Denise to Latrell\'s house where he ends up getting mauled by Latrell\'s dog. Marcus/Tiffany and Latrell end up at a club and meet up with the rest of the girls and Kevin/Brittany who end up in a dance off with the Vandergeld sisters. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany win the dance off by break-dancing. However, Karen, who has been seeing Heather\'s boyfriend Heath, an unemployed, poor actor, behind her back but is constantly mistreated by him, drinks heavily and runs to the bathroom with Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany to throw up and lets it slip that Mr. Vandergeld is broke and has had to borrow money from Karen\'s own father. The next day, the real Brittany and Tiffany see their faces on Page Six of the New York Post and think they have been cloned. They go to the Hamptons where their "clones" were seen, and two FBI agents, Agents Harper and Gomez, believing that they are Kevin and Marcus, strip them. This leads to the chief finding out that Marcus and Kevin have been impersonating Brittany and Tiffany and fires them. Later on, Kevin and Marcus figure out that Mr. Vandergeld, along with Heath, has been behind The Socialite kidnappings. Kevin and Marcus decide that even though they are fired, they are going to the fashion show. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany arrive at the fashion show and are informed that they will be walking the catwalk. Also, the real Tiffany and Brittany arrive and hear the same news. Right before taking the runway, Heath tells Karen that he admired her at the dance club and tells her that Heather is leaving that night and Karen should come over for a booty call. Karen tells him that she is better than a booty call and is not his doormat. Heath then says that she should not think herself that special. Marcus/Tiffany than hits Heath in the face, where Heath tells Marcus/Tiffany that she will regret that. During the fashion show, chaos ensues when Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany have been tricked by Megan and Heather to wear Björk-like swan dresses on the runway fashion show. Heather and Megan fall from the rafters and the red paint they were going to use to spill on Tiffany and Brittany falls on them instead. Then the real Brittany and Tiffany come out on the runway. Mr. Vandergeld instructs Heath to turn off the lights and kidnap the Wilson sisters, so Heath comes to the stage under a large Chinese dragon costume and kidnaps Marcus/Tiffany and Brittany. Kevin/Brittany sees Marcus/Tiffany\'s shoes under the dragon, runs after it and tackles the entire costume, which releases the captives. Heath is with Marcus/Tiffany and tells him that he said he would get her back and hits on her. Marcus/Tiffany responds back and knocks him out cold. Meanwhile, Mr. Vandergeld takes the real Tiffany and Brittany and tries to run off with them. He is caught up to and confronted whereupon he admits he is bankrupt and has been funneling money from the charity because he is "MC Hammer broke". Denise and her cameraman have been filming the entire time and Mr. Vandergeld shoots at her, but Kevin/Brittany jumps in between and pushes Denise to the ground and out of the way. Mr. Vandergeld then shoots at Marcus/Tiffany, but Latrell jumps in front of the bullet and takes the hit, and is shocked and enraged to discover that Marcus/Tiffany, after unmasking himself, is black . Kevin/Brittany also unmasks himself after Marcus\' wife, Gina, attacks him because she believed that Kevin/Brittany was having an affair with Marcus. The chief then appears to tell Marcus, Kevin and Agents Gomez and Harper that they all disobeyed him, but they did the right thing and the chief expects them all back at the office the next morning. Marcus apologizes to Gina after realizing that being a female is a hard task and because he had been ignoring Gina for his job. Kevin asks Denise out and she replies that she would of course date the man willing to take a bullet for her. The movie ends with Tori, Lisa, Karen, Kevin and Marcus making a pact to stay together and go shopping.'] ['Somewhere on the Mexican Riviera, a beautiful, rich heiress  has gone missing after a purse snatching results in her hitting her head and getting amnesia. Only one man can find her. Unfortunately, they sent two. One is a detective  searching for the missing heiress. The other is an accident waiting to happen. The daughter of a wealthy businessman has disappeared in Mexico, and all the efforts to find her have been unsuccessful. A psychologist , knowing that the girl has ultra bad luck, persuades her father  to send to Mexico one of his employees , an accountant with super bad luck, to find her. Perhaps he will be lucky, and his bad luck could help to find the unlucky girl.'] ['The story describes the efforts of Brian Stimpson , the headmaster of Thomas Tompion Comprehensive School, to travel to an annual Headmasters\' Conference. Having been habitually late and disorganised as a young man, Stimpson has grown up to become fastidiously punctual, and his school runs "like clockwork". He is the first headmaster of a comprehensive school to be elected to chair a Headmaster\'s Conference, that honour usually being reserved for headmasters of the more prestigious private schools. After preparing and rehearsing his speech, he boards the wrong train on his way to the conference, loses the text of the speech, and suffers a series of setbacks as he tries to reach the conference.'] ['The story revolves around an attempt by Micky O\'Neill  to revive the fortunes of his Liverpool nightclub by promising his patrons that he will produce Josef Locke. After a series of unfortunate bookings , Micky books the mysterious Mr. X, a man who insists that he cannot be booked as Jo Locke due to the legal issues that would invariably ensue. The elusive Locke left England during the 1950s to avoid paying taxes, leaving behind "a beauty queen, a Jaguar sportscar, and a pedigree dalmatian, all of them pining." O\'Neill\'s personal and professional life are left in ruin after the beauty queen, Kathleen Doyle, exposes his Mr. X as a fraud. O\'Neill returns to Ireland to find the one true Josef Locke and bring him back.'] ['Mimi Glossop  arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril ([[William Austin , whom she hasn\'t seen for several years. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense , she consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald , who happens to be one of Hortense\'s previous fiancés. He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti ([[Erik Rhodes . But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. By coincidence, Guy Holden  an American dancer and friend of Egbert\'s, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. While they are in Mimi\'s bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. They contrive to escape and dance the night away. In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop ([[William Austin  arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. When Cyril doesn\'t believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. It is an unwitting waiter  who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.'] ['Z-grade film producer Bobby Bowfinger  is extremely eager to direct a film of his own and has saved up for it his entire life — he now has $2,184 to pay for production costs. With a script  penned by an accountant , a camera operator  with access to studio-owned equipment, and several actors who are hungry for work (Christine Baranski, [[Heather Graham  he needs access to a studio in order to distribute his masterwork. He manages to extract a promise from a film studio executive  that the executive will distribute the film if it includes currently-hot action star Kit Ramsey . Ramsey—a rather pompous, neurotic and paranoid actor—refuses, so Bowfinger constructs a plan to covertly film  all of Ramsey\'s scenes without his knowledge. The actors, told that Ramsey is method acting and will not be interacting with them outside of their scenes, walk up to Ramsey in public and recite their lines while hidden cameras catch Ramsey\'s confused reactions. The plan goes well at first. Ramsey ends up starring  in the movie. However, Ramsey  misinterprets the movie\'s sci-fi dialogue and believes he is being stalked by aliens, damaging his already-precarious mental state. He finally goes into hiding in order to maintain his sanity. This puts a hold on the film production, and leaves Bowfinger wondering what to do next. A desperate Bowfinger resorts to hiring a Ramsey lookalike  named Jiff. Jiff is kind, amiable and rather clueless. He even runs a gauntlet of "stunt drivers" racing along a major freeway when asked. Eventually, he becomes depressed about his lack of acting talent, but another cast member assures him that his real talent is being an exact double for Kit Ramsey. Jiff is not sure "how much of a talent that is...I mean, I am his brother." Using this new knowledge, Bowfinger has Jiff find out Kit Ramsey\'s movements and the final, pivotal conclusion to the movie is readied for filming. All Bowfinger needs to shoot is the final scene at an observatory, with Ramsey shouting the final line "Gotcha suckers!" During the film scene, Ramsey becomes terrified and thinks that they are real aliens. At this point, Ramsey\'s mentor at MindHead  has discovered evidence that Kit\'s \'aliens\' may not be just in his head. MindHead officials track Bowfinger to the observatory, and shut down production. It seems Bowfinger will never get his movie. That is until his camera crew reveals that they were filming B-roll footage of Ramsey off-set, just in case they saw anything they could use. What they got was footage of Ramsey donning a paper bag over his head and exposing himself to an amused Laker Girl Cheerleading Squad. Bowfinger shows the footage to MindHead, and blackmails them, threatening to take the footage public. Knowing that this material could ruin Ramsey\'s career , MindHead advises the star to finish the project. Bowfinger finally gets to sit at the premiere of a movie he himself directed, and is awed. Following the arguable success of the movie, Bowfinger receives a rare Fed-Ex envelope—an offer to film a martial arts movie called "Fake Purse Ninjas" starring Bowfinger and Jiff Ramsey.'] ["Travel agency clerk Tommy Bradford  delivers tickets to wealthy J. Westley Piermont ([[George Barbier  at the lavish wedding of his daughter. Piermont introduces him to model June Evans , but neglects to mention neither one is a guest. June is there to help the daughter with her wedding dress. Both pretend to be rich. Tommy gives June his telephone number, but neither expects anything to come of their momentary attraction to each other. That night, after she tells her family about her adventure, her obnoxious, younger, musician brother Chick  phones Tommy, pretending to be June's servant, and forces his sister to continue the charade. Tommy is pressured to maintain the masquerade as well by his roommate Al , an insurance salesman who dreams of making contacts in New York high society. They begin seeing each other. Their first date is at the Westminster Dog Show, where they run into Piermont again. He has two dogs entered in the competition. Piermont insists his Pomeranian will win, but Tommy champions his other entry, a St. Bernard. Sure of himself, the millionaire promises to give the St. Bernard to Tommy if it wins. It does, and he does. With no place to keep it, Tommy makes a present of it to June. Their second date is at a movie theater where another of June's brothers  works. By this point, June's family is anxious to meet her boyfriend. Her aunt Lucy  is the housekeeper for a wealthy family, so while her employers are away, she borrows their home to host a dinner. Afterward, Tommy tries to confess to June, but she misunderstands and thinks he has found her out instead. Outraged by what she thinks are insults aimed at her family, she breaks up with him. Fortunately, Aunt Lucy recognizes Tommy and sets her niece straight. June shows up at Tommy's workplace and gives him a hard time, pretending to be a potential customer. When she leaves, Tommy sees her get into a delivery van with her employer's name on it. Realizing the truth, he goes to her workplace and returns the favor, forcing her to model dress after dress. In the end though, they decide to restart their relationship afresh."] ['Woodrow Lafayette Pershing Truesmith  is a small town boy whose father, "Hinky Dinky" Truesmith, was a Marine who died a hero in World War I. Woodrow has been discharged from the Marine Corps after only a month owing to his chronic hay fever. Rather than disappoint his mother , he pretends to be fighting overseas in World War II while secretly working in a San Diego shipyard. In a chance encounter in a bar he buys a round of drinks for six Marines back from the Battle of Guadalcanal headed by Master Gunnery Sergeant Heppelfinger . It transpires Heppelfinger had served with Woodrow\'s father in the 6th Marines in World War I. One of the Marines decides to telephone Woodrow\'s mother, telling her that he has received a medical discharge, so she will not have to worry about him. Woodrow is vehemently opposed to the fraud, but the Marines are all for it. Heppelfinger embellishes the charade by having Woodrow swap coats with one of the Marines that have the 1st Marine Division Battle Blaze and Pacific Theatre of Operations medals on it. When they step off the train, the seemingly harmless deception has escalated beyond control; the entire town turns out to greet its homegrown hero. With an election coming up, the citizens decide to make an unwilling Woodrow their candidate against the pompous current mayor, Mr. Noble . Complicating matters even further, Woodrow had written his girlfriend Libby , telling her not to wait for him. She had since gotten engaged to Forrest Noble ([[Bill Edwards , the mayor\'s son. Finally, Woodrow can stand it no longer. He confesses everything at a campaign rally and goes home to pack. Libby breaks her engagement and tells Woodrow she is going with him. Meanwhile, Heppelfinger praises Woodrow\'s courage in telling the truth to the stunned townsfolk, and after considering the matter, they decide that Woodrow has just the qualities they need in a mayor.'] ["Laurel and Hardy star as both their famous Stan and Ollie characters and as Stan and Ollie's twin brothers Bert and Alf."] ["The story describes an eventful day in the life of Jane F, an unambitious young actress who enjoys smoking cannabis and lives in a Los Angeles apartment with her nerdy, somewhat disturbing roommate Steve. Jane's fateful day begins when she unknowingly consumes an entire plate full of cannabis-laced cupcakes. Realizing her mistake, she makes a list of tasks she must achieve, and how she plans to make them happen. What follows is a relentless stream of disasters caused by Jane's intoxication."] ['Paul Robaix , a famous director, wants to shoot a film in Japan inspired by Madama Butterfly. His wife, an actress named Lucy Dell , has been the leading lady in all of his greatest films, and she is more famous. He feels that she overshadows him and he would like to achieve success independent of her. By choosing to film Madame Butterfly, he can select a different leading lady without hurting her feelings, because she, as a blue eyed, red headed woman, would not be suitable to play a Japanese woman. As a surprise, she visits him in Japan while he\'s searching for a leading lady. To surprise him further, she disguises herself as a geisha at a dinner party, planning to unveil her identity during the meal. But she is delighted to discover that everyone at the dinner party, including her husband, believes her to be a Japanese woman. When she learns that the studio has decided to only give her husband enough funds to film the movie in black and white because there are no big stars in the film, she decides that she will audition for the role of Butterfly, without telling her husband, but that the studio will know and therefore give him the budget he needs to make the film he wants. She gets the part and is wonderful. Through the course of the film Lucy Dell begins to become concerned that Yoko will steal her husbands affections. Though he never did develop feelings for "Yoko". When viewing the film\'s negatives, with the colors reversed, he figures out her duplicity and, thinking she is doing it to steal credit from him so that once again he will not get the artistic praise he deserves, he becomes furious. To retaliate, he decides to proposition Yoko. Greatly distressed, she flees. Paul then entertains the idea of divorce for what he sees as him being betrayed by his wife. Their "reunion" before the premiere is cold, Paul believing she will expose her identity there for betraying him, and Lucy believing that Paul was trying to sleep with Yoko. Her original plan was, at the end of the premiere, to reveal Yoko\'s true identity, which will astound Hollywood and practically guarantee her an Oscar. Instead, her then trusted friend, Kazumi, gives her a present of a fan that was owned by a very popular geisha. The fan was inscribed with the saying: "No one before you, my husband, not even I." So, she takes off her geisha makeup, appears as herself, tells everyone that Yoko went into a convent and will no longer be performing, and keeps her identity secret. She and her husband reconcile when he informs Lucy that he knew she was Yoko.'] ["Harry Lucas  works at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington, D.C. He has an admirer in sweet co-worker Verna Baxter , who tries to woo him by giving him home-cooked  fudge, but he avoids her as he doesn't feel ready for anything serious. He also has an enemy in co-worker and supervisor Samson Link , who can't understand how Harry manages to live beyond his means. Unbeknownst to Link, Harry relies on free trials that enable him to take luxury apartments and ride in chauffeured cars, enjoying the good life, including romance with a sexy neighbor. After Harry accidentally drops $50,000 in new currency into a bag with Verna's fudge and leaves the mint with it, he inadverdently destroys the newly-minted money in a garbage disposal while dumping the fudge. He now fears Link and an audit at the mint. In desperation, Harry turns to Pop , a former mint employee forced into retirement who misses his job as a printer and now has little to live for except the company of his pregnant beagle. Pop agrees to help Harry sneak into the mint after hours and print up replacement currency. Harry learns that they will both need help from others to break in and print the missing $50,000. One by one, he has to offer a partnership to a safecracker named Dugan , a pawnbroker named Luther  who can front expenses, a boat Captain  who can navigate a secret passage to the mint through a sewer, plus several other men to pull off the heist. The conspirators accept an offer of $2,000 apiece at first, but as they rehearse for the big night, they decide to help Harry only on the condition that he and Pop will print them a million dollars apiece. An unexpected change at the mint forces the timing of the caper to be moved up, the group has to drop what they are doing and go in immediately. Despite rehearsals, many things go wrong during the job, not the least of which is Pop's dog going into labor. Verna is also upset when she discovers that far more money is being printed as Harry had assured her they were only going to replace the missing $50,000. The group manages to leave with the money, over seven million dollars in all, only to have it later lost when garbage collectors haul away the cardboard boxes containing the bills, placing them on a barge. Harry is defeated. He goes to the mint to confess to Link, knowing that he likely will lose his job and be sent to prison on a variety of felony charges. Pop saves the day, nonetheless when, on the steps of the mint, he turns up with $50,000 in extra bills that were printed and used to line a box in which his dog gave birth. Harry can replace the missing currency now, and he also has a new appreciation for the pure-hearted Verna."] ['This camp screwball comedy of errors, which is full of over-the-top stereotypes, is set at Halloween against the backdrop of West Hollywood, California. Five friends, interior designer Evan ; interior designer Harvey ; African American stockbroker Dave ; Latino spinning instructor Fredrico ; and Emme , a sassy young woman obsessed with style and classic movies, have all been anticipating the West Hollywood Halloween Parade on Santa Monica Boulevard, which is the biggest and brashest block party of the year. Their annual tradition of joining the festivities in outrageous costumes has become part of local legend. It is the night before Halloween, however, and they still have not decided what to be. Evan and Harvey, who are femme gay boyfriends and business partners, have come up with food-themed sushi costumes that everyone refers to as "wasabi tuna." Emme offers another suggestion &mdash; that they all dress up as gang members. They all opt for the gang theme, but are unable to find the appropriate attire at the local stores. They then decide to seek out real life gang members in order to achieve the authentic, straight-from-the-hood look they want. While doing interior design work for an extremely wealthy Armenian woman who is actually in the illegal drug trade, Harvey and Evan become unwitting drug couriers. After they are arrested, there is a comic scene at the WeHo sheriff\'s station with them attempting to talk their way out of trouble. Dave goes to East L.A., where he comes across a real gang member named Romeo . He makes a deal with Romeo to loan him his Porsche in exchange for his lowrider gang car. A case of mistaken identity makes a vengeful, rival gang get after them. There is a comic drive-by shooting scene. Also, by driving Romeo\'s lowrider they are unknowingly carrying an illegal cache of weapons. Reality TV actress Anna Nicole Smith\'s  pet dog, Sugar-Pie, is kidnapped. All is havoc, as a group of drag queens who dress like Smith, Santa Ana Anna , Eenie Anna , Brown Sugar Anna and Hot Spicy Anna, believe that Harvey stole their idol\'s dog and band together to get Sugar-Pie back for Smith. A wild chase ensues as gang members, drug dealers, drag queens, and the police force are after the partygoers. They end up in Chinatown, where an old Chinese man, Mr. Ling , is in partnership with the Armenian drug shrew. Everything culminates with the clash of personalities colliding in a feisty showdown. A free-for-all street fight, involving the gang members, drug dealers, undercover DEA detectives, a trio of female martial arts gymnasts and the Santa Ana Annas, erupts and everyone battles it out with flying fists, feet and wigs. Anna Nicole Smith herself arrives and saves the day. As she shamelessly mocks herself, Smith clears up the Sugar-Pie mess, hands the drugs over to the police and invites the group to her Halloween party, where they change into their "wasabi tuna" costumes.'] ['The film continues the misadventures of two young executives, Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker , and their deceased boss, Bernie Lomax . In the first film, Larry and Richard were forced to create the illusion that Bernie was still alive in order to avoid being killed themselves. In the sequel, Larry and Richard plot to use Bernie to find the embezzled $2 million he had buried at the U.S. Virgin Islands. Before stuffing the body into a suitcase and heading for fortune, however, Bernie is partially revived in a botched voodoo ceremony and made to walk toward the hidden treasure whenever he hears music. Larry and Richard are also on the run from the mob, as well as two flunkies of the voodoo lady, and a representative from the insurance company sent to recover the embezzled $2 million, who usually ends up questioning his sanity whenever he sees a walking Bernie, convinced Bernie has died. Richard is administered poison by the "mobu", and must find the treasure by sundown to get the antidote. Larry befriends a lovely native girl named Claudia , whose father is a medical doctor who can cure Richard if he can get the blood of a virgin . The mobsters and voodoo lady are arrested, and Bernie is last seen leading the flunkies in a carnival parade, who have been transformed into goats by voodoo. Larry returns the $2 million to the insurance company, but not before learning Bernie actually stole $3 million. Larry and Richard use the remaining million to purchase a yacht with a crew of attractive women. After the credits roll, one last shot is seen of Bernie wearing numerous gold chains and riding a shark into the sunset.'] ['The film begins with Bobby finding a winning lottery ticket, that Mike  insists must be returned to its rightful owner. Mike invites people over to his house to determine the rightful owner by posting an add in the newspaper stating "lost & found winning lottery ticket for 67 million dollars." Naturally many people showed up but the original owner had written something on the back of the ticket giving Mr. Brady a way to tell who was telling the truth. With no one being able to come up with the phrase written, Mr. Brady starts to think of another way, and just as he says he doesn\'t know what to do, a local female news caster walks in, and Mr. Brady sees it as a way to reach more people. Multiple cut scenes ensue showing stations talking about the Bradys trying to find the original owner, while also showing a broadcast talking about the vice president resigning to work for the company Fox, where he\'ll make six times the amount he was making, in the background it shows the actual owner walking to his death by execution -this is implied by the man being in chains, escorted by law enforcement dressed people, and a clergy man speaking to him, while the man shouts, "Wait, I\'m the real owner, I\'m rich, take your hands off me." With not being able to find the original owner Mr. Brady donates the money to "homeless architects and their families", which garners the attention of the president. The president then invites him to a press conference where the president is asked about his dealings with an oil drilling company abusing the environment, the president responds by saying he has never heard of the company, has not dealt with them, nor has he been to the site, where he then states, "This is the truth or I shall resign my presidency." The press then goes on to ask if he has picked a new running mate for the upcoming election, and with the light of ongoing scandals can he find an honest man of high integrity. Carol, Mike Brady\'s wife, shouts out why not Mike, where then the press shouts, "Yeah, why not Mike," and the president says, "Why not Mike Brady." It then cuts to a news station stating that the incumbent president and Mike Brady have won the election -with Mike Brady the vice president- due to boy scouts, disco music lovers, and polyester enthusiasts. The next scene in which the incumbent president and Mike are to be sworn in, a confidential document folder is passed to the incumbent president. The folder contains a picture of the incumbent president at the drilling site, with -what is inferred- the oil company\'s top executives, the president remembering his promise then walks out before being sworn in, thereby making Mike Brady president. Mike Brady then needs to select a new vice president, which he decides it should be his wife. He goes before congress asking for a vote, where the speaker of the house says, "You cannot just call for a vote, the vice president has very real responsibilities and cannot vote unless he sees something to prove she can do it." Carol then breaks out in song along with the rest of the family, convincing congress to vote for her. As Mike Brady is walking to the oval office different departments come to him with negative scores asking for more money or negligible increases asking for money, with which he replies, "Not good enough" including when his youngest daughter asks for him to sign her report card, although approving the congress\'s new budget plan. Veronica, the liaison to the American public pulls the speaker of the house into a separate room, saying, "Can you believe him, he just approved your budget, he\'s not taking any credit, and he\'s of to much integrity, how did he get to the highest office, you should be president." A side plot is Peter breaking a priceless Ming vase, and trying to get out of it by gluing it back together. Peter really wants to go to a camp, but feels if he tells the truth he won\'t be able to go. The vase is used during a diner party with dignitaries across the world, but ends up leaking all over them. Peter\'s siblings come up with the plan of all of them confessing, hoping to fool/confuse Mike Brady into not knowing who actually broke it. Mike thinking about it logically though realized Peter was the only one not to confess thereby showing his own guilt. Mike coming up with the consequence of punishing the other children forcing Peter into a guilt trip to confess his own guilt, ultimately succeeding. Veronica, Greg\'s crush is later to be found as an agent of an elitist organization who\'s mission is seizing power for herself and the speaker of the house. They both devise a plan to ruin the presidents image, and therefore presidency The first plan consisting of Veronica seducing Greg into divulging crude or malevolent information, on Mike or the family, fails, but the youngest daughter does give information regarding a questionable relationship between Mike Brady and a woman from his past; Carol is accused of rebellious behavior from protesting to keep a park; Marcia is accused of being promiscuous because of a fictional erotic encounter with Desi Arnaz Jr. written in her diary; Greg accused of under age smoking because of a cigaret container found in his coat, he had switched with another boy; Peter accused of bribery for getting a better grade after calling his teacher great; Jan accused of cheating for getting a better grade on an essay than she was supposed to; and Alice accused of drugging the food so the Bradys stay happy all the time. Although this plan garners significant news coverage its is by no means to impeach a president, in which they devise a second plan in order to seize power. The second plan is to trick the president into addressing the public that a world ending asteroid is about to hit earth. They succeed by switching a report from NASA regarding data from the Trailblazer 1 space probe -a fictional space probe- with Peter\'s science project about the asteroid that hit earth causing the largest scale extinction on earth. This plan also succeeds and Mike address the public telling them he received a report from NASA that confirms a massive meteor is on an intersect course and will cause global devastation. The Bradys are then transported to a secret bunker underneath the White House that will protect them from the ensuing danger. The Speaker of the House then seizes the opportunity by to take power by calling an official press conference as acting president and saying, "There is no danger, or emergency. The president is incompetent, and couldn\'t tell the difference between a high school science project, and a sophisticated aeronautical diagram." Then asks the public to ask for an impeachment of the president. Meanwhile the Bradys find out from the Cindy -the youngest daughter- that she overheard the Speaker of the House and Veronica taking about their plan while underneath a table in the room Veronica pulled the Speaker of the House into. Mike realizes what happened and breaks out of the vault just as the Speaker of the House is encouraging the public to call for vote. Mike then asks Cindy to tell the press what she heard the Speaker of the House say, to which she somehow tells the story of her seeing the Speaker of the House switching the homework and the report. Mike then address the public saying they deserve to know the truth, and goes on to start telling the story of the lottery ticket and how he got to be president.'] ['Abby Barnes  is a veterinarian who hosts a Los Angeles radio show called The Truth About Cats and Dogs. Abby strikes up an unexpected friendship with her neighbor Noelle Slusarsky , a "traditionally attractive" model who is sweet but not very bright. When Abby makes a blind date with a caller to her show, Brian , her insecurity with her own appearance leads her to persuade Noelle to pretend to be Abby when meeting the date. Unfortunately, both women develop feelings for the man, leading to a comedic series of misunderstandings as the unintended consequences of their deception grow deeper. Brian\'s persistance in pursuing "Abby" is continually thwarted as Noelle alternately eludes him, manoeuvers him toward the real Abby, and  ultimately pursues him herself, only to avoid him again when she reflects on her actions. Abby, disguised as her own fictional assistant, "Donna", hints that it is really she that Brian has intellectually and emotionally connected with over a series of increasingly intimate phone conversations. Brian is convinced that he is having those conversations with Noelle, and fails to consider Abby romantically. Abby accepts this as reinforcement of her negative self-image. Brian, distressed by Noelle\'s changing attitude, corners "Donna" in Abby\'s apartment where he finds evidence of Abby\'s real identity. As Abby and Noelle attempt to explain, Brian becomes convinced that he is the target of a practical joke and leaves in disgust. Days later, Abby approaches Brian at his regular bar and explains what happened, but Brian curtly dismisses her. Weeks later, Brian\'s dog appears at the radio station with a pair of roller skates and instructions for Abby to put them on. When she does so, the dog drags her to an outdoor park where Brian is waiting for her. He explains that Abby and Noelle\'s antics had left him confused, but that it was Abby that he had fallen for during their phone conversations, and that the only reason he was attracted to Noelle was because he thought she was Abby. He suggests they start again, and Abby happily agrees.'] ['Pat Riley  is an obnoxious job-hopper of indeterminable sex who is searching for a steady foundation in his/her life. Pat encounters Chris , a person of similarly indeterminable sex, and the two fall in love and get engaged. Meanwhile, Pat\'s neighbor, Kyle Jacobsen , develops an unhealthy obsession with unveiling Pat\'s sex and begins stalking him/her. Kyle sends in a tape of Pat performing karaoke to a TV show called America\'s Creepiest People, bringing him/her to the attention of the band Ween, who features him/her in one of their performances playing the tuba. Pat becomes distraught when he/she learns that Ween intended to only use him/her for one gig, then breaks up with Chris, and discovers that his/her laptop diary has been stolen. Later, it turns out that Kyle stole Pat\'s diary, and he tries coercing Pat into revealing the computer\'s password so he can access the files. Pat\'s only answer is that the word is in the dictionary. Kyle then begins typing in every single word in the dictionary. Meanwhile, Pat is harassed by a gang of thugs intent on discovering his/her sex, and Pat becomes distraught over his/her androgynous nature. He/she goes to complain to his/her friend, Kathy , host of a radio talk show and therapist, but the station fires Kathy and hires Pat due to his/her acerbic reactions to call-in listeners. Kyle ends up going through the entire dictionary until he reaches the last word, "zythum" , which is the password. After reading through the diary, he discovers no new information in regards to Pat\'s gender, and finally snaps. Kyle calls Pat on his/her radio show, and tells him/her to meet him at the Ripley\'s Believe It or Not! Museum if Pat ever wants to see his/her laptop again. Pat arrives to find Kyle dressed exactly like him/her. Kyle demands that Pat remove his/her clothes, and Pat runs off into a Ween concert. After Kyle corners him/her on a catwalk, Pat falls and his/her clothes get caught on a hook, tearing off his/her pants and lowering him/her in front of the cheering audience . Kyle is subsequently taken away by security guards. Pat then runs to see Chris just as he/she is leaving on an ocean liner, and the two get married in an epilogue.'] ['The movie centres on the aristocratic family of the Dukes of Bournemouth , upon which misfortune has befallen throughout history, leading it to believe itself cursed. The most recent heir, Thomas Henry Butterfly Rainbow Peace, was left in a restaurant as an infant in the 1960s, by the time his parents remembered him, he had disappeared. Meanwhile, in the 1990s, Tommy Patel  has grown up in an Asian/Indian family in Southall, never doubting his ethnicity despite being taller than anyone else in the house, fair-haired, blue-eyed, light-skinned - and not liking curry. From the family corner-shop he commutes to the City, where he works for the Bournemouth family\'s stockbroking firm, handling multimillion-pound deals. He is given the job of acting as host to the visiting American representative of the firm, Henry Bullock , who turns out to be the son of the head of the firm, the present Duke; they become friends, and the friendship survives Henry\'s becoming the new Duke when his father dies. Circumstantial evidence shows that the true Bournemouth heir is actually Tommy, we see a series of family portraits each of which captures something of Tommy\'s facial characteristics, and his Indian mother tells him the story of his adoption. He consults the lawyer who dealt with his adoption, Raoul P. Shadgrind , who says Tommy has no hope of proving his claim, but plants the idea of him obtaining his rightful place in the family by getting Henry out of the way; Shadgrind himself then engineers a variety of \'accidents\' in the belief that he will share in the spoils as Tommy\'s partner. The delightfully complicated love interest comes with Tommy\'s and Henry\'s  lover, later the new Duchess  and their  mother, the dowager Duchess . As befits a classic comedy of errors, the final resolution of everyone\'s doubts and misconceptions leaves everyone living "happily ever after - well, for a bit, at least..." The setting for the Duke\'s stately home in the latter part of the film is Longleat.'] ["Matthew Putnam  is summoned back to his small hometown of Rockridge by his aged, bedridden aunt Nettie  after seven years of enjoying himself in Europe. She is tired and wants him to take charge of Putnam Dairies, the family business and the town's major employer. Every mother with a marriageable daughter is excited by the return of the wealthy young man, including Mathilda Sherman . However, Matthew shows no interest in Mathilda's daughter Irene . When Matthew visits his good friend Will Oliver , he is pleasantly surprised to see how grown up and beautiful Will's daughter Marge  has become. His reluctance to remain in town evaporates as he spends more and more time with her. This does not sit well with Roy Daniels ([[Robert . When Roy makes his bid for her affections, she turns him down, so he decides to leave for New York City the next day. Marge is up all night trying to balance the church's finances, for which she and Roy are responsible. Finally, an irate Will calls over the shared telephone line and leaves an angry message for Roy to come over to straighten out the mess before he leaves town. However, eavesdroppers misinterpret the message and assume that Roy has gotten Marge pregnant and is trying to leave town without marrying her. Mathilda is delighted and bullies her husband Tom , the president of the Sherman Bank, into firing Marge. She also disqualifies Marge's winning entry in the prestigious annual flower show. Marge and Matthew are oblivious to the rumors. He asks her to marry him; she accepts, provided they elope the next day. Then they separately find out about the ugly stories being circulated about Marge. Matthew decides to teach the town a sharp lesson. He first transfers all his money out of the Sherman Bank, which would lead to its collapse, and orders the replacement of all 300 local workers with out-of-towners. Faced with the destruction of their community, the workers organize a meeting that Matthew attends. Before things get totally out of hand, Matthew's aunt Nettie shows up and gives the townsfolk a tongue-lashing for their malicious gossip by bringing up their own past misdeeds. Meanwhile, when Matthew was late for their elopement, Marge assumed he believed the stories. Will, having discovered it was his call that started the whole mess, shoots himself. Fortunately, he botches his suicide and survives with only a minor wound. Everything is eventually straightened out and the couple sneak off to a nearby town to get married. However, the chastened townspeople have not changed their ways too much it seems. A mock disagreement between the newlyweds about where they should spend their honeymoon is seen and misreported as a full-blown argument."] ['Leslie Steele , a guest at a costume party is forced to stay overnight in a hotel because of a particularly bad London fog. As there are no rooms available, Steele talks her way into sharing a suite with Everard Logan , a handsome but somewhat stiff lawyer. They spend the night together, quite chastely, but Logan becomes convinced that Leslie must be married. His conviction is confirmed when an old school friend, Lord Mere  arrives and asks Everard to represent him in a divorce case against his wife, Lady Claire .'] ['Akeem Joffer , the prince and heir to the throne of a fictitious, wealthy African country called Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, King Jaffe Joffer  and Queen Aeoleon , present him with a bride-to-be, Imani Izzi , whom he has never met and who is trained to obey his every command. Seeing that Imani is too subservient and offers nothing for his intellect, Akeem concocts a plan to travel to the United States to find an independent-minded wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for himself, not his status. He and his friend and personal aide, Semmi  arrive in Queens, a borough of New York City, because according to Akeem, "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent a run-down apartment in the neighborhood of Long Island City and begin working at a local fast food restaurant called McDowell\'s , passing themselves off as poor foreign students. Akeem falls in love with McDowell\'s daughter, Lisa , who possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem\'s attempts to win Lisa\'s hand in marriage, which is complicated by her obnoxious and lazy boyfriend Darrell . Although Akeem thrives on working hard and seeing how commoners live, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man. When Akeem donates their travel money  after Semmi nearly blows their cover, Semmi transmits a plea to King Joffer for more financial help. This causes the Zamundan royal couple to travel to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity, as he tried to convince Lisa he was a simple goat herder from Zamunda, not the prince. She refuses to marry Akeem even after he offers to renounce his throne, and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. On the way to the airport, King Joffe remarks that Akeem cannot marry Lisa anyway because of "tradition," and defending himself by saying "Who am I to change it?" Queen Aoleon responds curtly, "I thought you were the King." At the final scene\'s wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle, but when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged bride. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony to the cheers of Zamundans. Witnessing such splendor, Lisa is impressed that Akeem would have given it up just for her. Akeem proposes that he can make his abdication official, but Lisa playfully declines and decides to become a royal instead.'] 