['Rock star Roddy Usher (played by [[James Johnston  is confined to an insane asylum after murdering his wife. During his time there he is given various shock treatments by Nurse Smith  and Dr Calahari , resulting in a series of bizarre and nightmarish adventures.{{cite web}}'] ["Victor  started drinking when his wife Linda  suddenly died although he keeps it from his son Tom Tom . One day, Victor thinks of a way by which he can make others who are also mourning feel better—and make some money in the process. With the help of two cohorts, Wally  and George , Victor passes himself off as an Ispiritist who can communicate with restless spirits for a price. His son has no idea that his dad is a fake medium and in fact, idolizes his father. He proudly tells his classmates that his father gets rids of ghosts for a living. Victor is hired by Tom Tom’s school to speak to the ghost of a little girl and ask her to leave the campus. As his dad prepares, a surprised Tom Tom discovers that he can see and talk to Didith , the little girl’s ghost. She tells Tom Tom what needs to be done to calm her restless soul. Tom Tom obeys her instructions, and she stops haunting the school. Victor takes the credit and accepts the school’s thanks for a job well done. After this success, Victor quickly finds more ghost-busting work. Impressed by how he handled the school ghost, Lalaine  hires Victor to rid her boarding house of a quartet of spirits  who are scaring her boarders. Victor promptly accepts, believing Lalaine might be a possible wife for him and a mother for his son. However, Lalaine discovered his con not only losing a love interest but also the respect of his son.{{cite news}} Just when Victor is about to apologize for his sins, he realizes that he has suddenly developed the power to see and speak to ghosts. Victor realizes what he must make up for his lies. During the film's climax, Victor, Tom Tom, Lalaine, Wally, George, and an absent-minded priest Fr. Ben  must enter a haunted mansion and get rid of the spirits that inhabit it."] ['A nuclear war breaks out in 1996, expending the world\'s entire nuclear arsenal, except for one missile. Two children, Philip Chandler ([[John Stockwell  and Marlowe Hammer , are abandoned by their fathers in a fallout shelter cut into the side of a wooded mountain. The pair grow up in the shelter, with 1950s detective fiction and swing music as the guiding force in their learning. Fifteen years later Marlowe succeeds in digging out the cave entrance. The pair give each other haircuts, dress in suits, and go to rejoin the world. Philip narrates their adventure on their first day out: "My name\'s Philip, and this is going to be a yarn about me and my pal, Marlowe. About the day we got out of this shelter and went off into the post-nuclear world. Now, as excited as we were about leaving the shelter, it was still a joint that held fond memories. I mean, it was the only world we\'d ever known. Where I practiced my magic, Marlowe, his dancing; where we both dreamed of becoming private eyes, just like the one\'s we\'d read about." Marlowe hopes to find their fathers, but Philip is disgruntled that they never returned, and presumes that they are dead. The mountain is now devoid of trees. The first people they find are a trio of radiation burned &#34;mutants&#34; chasing a beautiful woman, Miles Archer . They rescue Miles, who kisses Marlowe as a distraction and steals his gun. This backfires, as she drops the activation keys to the last nuclear missile. Miles leaves, and the pair are immediately attacked by a biker gang of bald women in red wigs. Afterwards the boys discover the activation keys, which bears their fathers&#39; names. This excites Marlowe, but disturbs Philip. They rescue another young woman, Rusty Mars , from a group of armed children Philip nicknames &#34;disco mutants&#34;. She takes a liking to Philip, and leads the two of them to Edge City which is plagued by gang warfare. Rusty takes them to a dance club, where they are captured by cannibals. They want the nuclear keys, and to eat the young men, a rarity of uncontaminated meat. Although Rusty helps them escape and apologises, Philip doesn&#39;t trust her. Just after they part ways the pair meets up with a friend of Miles&#39; who also wants the keys. After he is dispatched Miles shows up and takes them to her hideout. There she tells them about the purpose of the keys. Miles then threatens to kill them, but they escape. Rusty has followed them to the hideout, but is attacked by the child gangsters. The pair chase them away, but Philip is still doesn&#39;t trust her. He wants to shoot her, but is out of bullets. After Rusty apologises again for lying to him and originally handing him over to the cannibals he says, &#34;That was a million years ago, and I got a short memory. In fact, I don&#39;t even remember who you are&#34;. The pair resolves to rid the city of the gangs and keep the keys. They go to an abandoned warehouse, using themselves as bait, in the hopes that the gangs will kill each other before killing them. For the most part, the plan works. However, the bosses of the child-gangsters are in fact Philip and Marlowe&#39;s fathers. Before he dies, Philip&#39;s father tells him that the past does not matter. In the end, the only gangster left standing is Miles, who has the keys. She shoots at them, and misses, but startles Marlowe into shooting and killing her. The film ends with Philip letting go of the angst which he had nursed for 15 years. He adopts Marlowe&#39;s &#34;silver-lining look on life&#34;. The two demonstrate Marlowe&#39;s tap-inspired &#34;post-nuke shuffle&#34; to the crowds of the city. In the closing narration, Philip explains that they plan to set up shop as detectives, but that first he will find Rusty and see if he can repair his relationship with her. Of the keys, he says that he and Marlowe hid them in a secret location, because &#34;you never know, in a tight jam a nuclear missile just might come in handy&#34;.'] ['The film opens with Maria  heading to camp. However, she is chased into an alleyway by a large truck, driven by serial killer Angela Baker , before being run over. Angela disposes of the body in a trash compactor, before posing as Maria and boarding the bus to Camp New Horizon, which was once Camp Rolling Hills where Angela massacred campers the year before. After arriving, news reporter Tawny Richards  interviews the many campers who are taking part in "an experiment in sharing", seeing different social classes living together. Tawny soon asks Angela to get her some cocaine, however Angela gives her Ajax cleanser instead, which kills Tawny when she snorts it. After the campers have settled in, camp councilors Herman , Lily  and Officer Barney Whitmore , who Angela realizes is the father of a previous victim, split the campers into three groups, who they will be camping with over the next few days. Angela is placed in a group with Herman, Snowboy , Peter  and Jan . Angela goes fishing with Snowboy and Peter, but soon gets annoyed by them setting off firecrackers and returns to camp, only to find Herman and Jan having sex. Angela impales Herman through the mouth with a log, before bashing Jan\'s head in. Angela hides the bodies from Snowboy and Peter, who continue to annoy her throughout the day. At night, Angela sets off a firecracker in Peter\'s face, killing him, before hitting Snowboy with a log and burning him alive, along with the bodies. The next morning, Angela travels to Lily\'s campsite, where Bobby , Cindy , Riff  and Arab  are camping. Angela tells Lily that Herman told her she was to switch places with Arab. As Angela escorts Arab to the other camp, she decapitates her with an axe. When Angela returns to camp, an argument breaks out between Cindy and Riff, before Lily sets the campers out on a trust building exercise. Blindfolded, Cindy doesn\'t realize that Angela, having grown tired of the girl\'s whiny and bigoted behavior, has attached her to the flag pole. Angela raises Cindy into the air, before letting her drop from a high height, killing her. Angela covers up her death by telling Lily that she has returned to main camp. In another game, Angela is tied to Bobby, but while fishing he attempts to kiss her, annoying Angela who tells him to later meet her at the main cabin. Returning to camp, Angela convinces Lily to go check on Cindy with her, however Angela buries Lily, up to her neck, in a trash hole, before running over her head with a lawnmower. Angela then waits for Bobby to arrive, who she ties to a tree and precedes to rip his arms off with a jeep. Angela then murders Riff by stabbing him with tent spikes. The following morning, Angela travels to the remaining camp, where Barney, Marcia , Tony , Anita  and Greg  are camping. Angela tells Barney she is to switch with Marcia, but Marcia objects. As Barney accompanies Angela and Marcia to the other camp, Angela is forced to fake a leg injury. Barney tends to Angela at the main camp, but Marcia discovers Lily\'s body, and flees, while Barney discovers Angela\'s identity, but she shoots him dead. Angela catches up with Marcia in the jeep, and captures her. Angela returns to Tony, Anita and Greg that night and ties them together, telling them they are playing a trust game. However, Angela shows them the body of Barney, and forces them to find Marcia in one of the cabins. However, Angela has set up a booby trap that kills Greg and Anita. Angela decides to let Marcia and Tony live, however while departing, Angela is attacked by Marcia who stabs her numerous times. After Marcia and Tony summon the police to the camp, Tony is disgusted to discover Marcia already has a boyfriend. Meanwhile, Angela is being driven to hospital in an ambulance, where the paramedics plot to kill her, but Angela instead stabs them to death with a syringe. When the ambulance driver asks what is going on, Angela weakly replies "Just taking care of business." .'] ["Audrey finds a pair of sunglasses at the beach and that night she dreams about a girl who was murdered on the beach. After seeking help from Mrs Bud Lung, Audrey learns that the spirit wants to tell her about her fate. Mrs Bud urges Audrey to return the sunglasses back to where she found them. She becomes unconscious and witnesses the entire murder in her subconscious state. While having dinner later, Audrey recognises the killer as a rich man called Lee Ka-hing and she allows the victim's spirit to possess her and force Lee to confess the murder."] ['Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock\'s gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray\'s mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray\'s vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters\' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he\'s finally found what he\'s been looking for: a family.'] ['Head counselor T.C is at a campfire with the male campers Sean, Rob, Anthony, Judd, Charlie and Emilio. Also there is Phoebe, who has sneaked away from her cabin to be with the boys. As Phoebe tells the story about the killings of the previous film at Camp Arawak, her head counselor Angela appears and forces her to go back to the cabin. After the pair get into an argument, Phoebe becomes lost, only to be attacked by Angela who hits her over the head with a log before cutting her tongue out. The next day, the campers in Phoebe\'s cabin, including Molly, Ally, Mare, Demi, Lea and twins Brooke and Jodi, question Angela on the whereabouts of Phoebe, however she tells them she had to be sent home due to bad behavior. At breakfast, the head of camp Uncle John gives Angela "the counselor of the week award". Afterwards, Angela discovers Brooke and Jodi smoking marijuana and drinking, so interrupts them. Later, Brooke awakens on a grill only to see the skeleton of her already cremated sister. Angela then pours gasoline over Brooke and burns her alive. Meanwhile, Molly and Sean start a relationship, despite Ally\'s attempts to seduce Sean. That night, the boys throw a panty raid in the girl\'s cabin until Angela comes in, throwing them out. Later, the girls raid the boys cabin. T.C allows the fun to go on, but Angela appears and witnesses Mare showing off her breasts. Mare decides she wants to leave the camp, so gets Angela to drive her. While traveling, Angela gives Mare one last chance to apologize, however when she fails to do so Angela murders her with an electric drill. The following day, Angela discovers Charlie and Emilio looking at naked pictures of various campers they had taken in secret. That night, the girls go camping, giving Anthony and Judd a chance to scare Angela, dressed as Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees. The plan backfires however, when Angela dressed as Leatherface slashes Anthony\'s throat before murdering Judd with a chainsaw. After finding out Ally has walked away to have sex with Rob, Angela plans to murder the pair but her plan fails. The next day, Angela sets up a trap for Ally, leaving her a fake note from Sean. Ally goes to meet Sean, but instead meets Angela, who stabs Ally in the back before forcing her down the outhouse toilet hole, drowning her in feces. That night, Demi reveals to Angela that she phoned the families of the girls who had been sent home by Angela, but they denied the girls being sent home. Realizing she could be caught, Angela strangles Demi to death with a guitar string, before stabbing Lea to death when she finds Demi\'s body. The next day, Uncle John and T.C fire Angela for not telling Uncle John about sending the many campers home. Feeling sad for an upset Angela, Molly and Sean go into the woods to cheer her up. However the pair discover the bodies of the other campers in a cabin, before Angela ties them up. Back at camp, Rob tells T.C the whereabouts of Molly and Sean, prompting T.C to go off to fetch them. He enters the cabin, only for Angela to throw battery acid on his face, killing him. Sean realizes Angela is Peter Baker, the murderer from the previous movie. Angela reveals that after two years of electroshock therapy and a sex change, she was released for having good records from doctors. She then proceeds to decapitate Sean. Angela leaves the cabin, allowing Molly to free herself and upon Angela entering, knock her out and escape. Angela chases after Molly through the woods, who finally falls off a rock and is presumed dead. Later that night, camp counselor Diane discovers the dead bodies of Charlie, Emilio, Uncle John and Rob, before she is stabbed to death by Angela. Meanwhile, Molly regains consciousness and begins to make her way out of the forest. Angela hitchhikes with a truck driver, who quickly annoys her, making Angela stab her to death. As Molly makes it out of the woods, she finds the truck, but is horrified to find Angela is the driver. The movie ends with Molly screaming.'] ["Opening during World War II in Ukraine 1944, the remnants of 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking are fleeing from The Red Army. Using the protection of the woods and the dark a platoon partly made up of Swedes escape the massacre. They seek shelter in an abandoned cabin, but as darkness falls they are attacked by vampires inhabiting a hidden crypt under the cabin. In present day Sweden, doctor Annika and her teenage daughter Saga are moving to a town in Lappland, so Annika can work close to the famous Swedish geneticist Gerhard Beckert. Since Lappland is located above the arctic circle, the polar night has begun. With one month until dawn, there are only a few hours of sunless twilight each day before complete darkness, much to Saga's dismay. Saga finds a friend in the enigmatic gothgirl Vega who invites her to a party being held at her friend John's house that is to be held in few days. Saga decides to go having nothing better to do. As Annika start to work at the hospital she meets the lousy medical student Sebastian who has been stealing a can of strange pills Beckert has been treating a comatose patient with. Sebastian thinks the pills are drugs and tries them. But rather than getting high he starts to develop acute hearing, improved vision, is tormented by an extreme thirst. Vega shows up at Sebastian's house to pick up the drugs he promised her for John's party. Sebastian tells her he has forgotten to get them, but Vega thinks he is holding up. Sebastian rushes away to his girlfriend Cornelia's house to have dinner with her and her parents. Vega finds the can and steals it, bringing it to John. John, Vega and their closest circuit of friends devour them. Unbeknownst to everyone, Beckert is the last survivor of the massacred platoon who after a showdown in the cabin was left the only survivor together with a child vampire named Maria. Beckert brought Maria to northern Sweden with the good intention to create a cure for vampirism, but eventually his greed and Nazi beliefs got the best of him and he changed direction to create a new species. The coma patient bites Annika and Beckert tries to kill her to cover it up. Annika resists and liberates Maria who Beckert has held captive to milk her of vampire blood. Beckert responds by turning into a horrifying creature and chase Annika through the mostly abandoned town hospital. Saga arrives at John's house and soon all hell breaks out when John turn into a vampire - the pills being capsules containing the vampiric blood of Maria enhanced by Beckert - and rampages through the house killing or infecting several party guests. This coincides with several teens succumbing to vampirism, the pills has ended up in the punch. All the guests ends up dead or a vampire; either from the pills or bites with Saga being the only one left alive, trapped in the eye of the Storm. Following several surreal scenes of carnage and mayhem blurring the lines between horror and comedy the film ends on a dark note with Annika managing to kill Beckert but succumbing to her own vampirism. She picks up Saga  and under Maria's influence she drives further down south to spread the plague of vampires across Sweden. Meanwhile the new generation of anarchist vampires led by John overruns Norrland. The local police try to fight back but end up surrounded by the vampiric teens as John taunts them by uttering his somewhat iconic line: Don't worry. This will be over any minute. Dawn is... just a month away!"] ['Charley Brewster  is a teenager living in a suburb of Las Vegas, Nevada, who discovers that a new neighbor has moved in next door to him. Charley\'s former best friend, "Evil" Ed Lee , informs him that many fellow students have gone missing. When Charley goes home after school, his mother  introduces him to Jerry Dandrige , their new neighbor. Charley becomes fed up with Ed after he claims that Jerry is a vampire. On his way home, Ed is confronted by Jerry, who bites him. The next day, Charley realizes that Ed is missing and decides to investigate. As Jerry begins to attack more people throughout the neighborhood, Charley sneaks into Jerry\'s house and finds out that he keeps his victims in secret rooms. Charley goes to Las Vegas magician Peter Vincent , a supposed expert on vampires. Peter doesn\'t take him seriously, and kicks him out. Jerry comes to Charley\'s house and sets fire to it. Charley, his mother, and his girlfriend, Amy Peterson , barely escape with their lives, fleeing through the desert in their minivan. Jerry catches up with them, but is wounded by Charley\'s mother . Charley\'s mother is admitted to a hospital, where Charley is summoned by Peter. Upon arriving at Peter\'s penthouse, Jerry and Ed, now a vampire, attack Charley, Amy, and Peter. Charley reluctantly kills Ed, while Amy injures Jerry with holy water. They then run into a club, where they get separated in the crowd. Amy is bitten and taken by Jerry. Peter refuses to help Charley and reveals that both of his parents were killed by a vampire . He does, however, give Charley a stake blessed by Saint Michael that will kill Jerry and turn all of his victims back into humans. Charley goes to Jerry\'s house where Peter decides to join him after all. They are led into Jerry\'s basement, where they are attacked by many of Jerry\'s victims, now vampires, including Amy. Charley, having outfitted himself in a flame-retardant suit, lights himself on fire in order to burn and disorient Jerry while he tries to stake him. Peter assists him by shooting a hole in the floor above to allow sunlight in which burns Jerry, then tossing Charley the stake which Charley dropped. Charley quickly stabs Jerry in the heart, killing him and returning his victims to their human form. Afterwards, Charley\'s mother recovers from the hospital and goes to shop for a new house as Charley and Amy make love in Peter\'s penthouse.'] ["The brother of a local business baron is killed by a vampire and Chin and his disciple set to bury the corpse but their plans are foiled by Wu who allows the corpse to turn into a vampire. Meanwhile, Hsiao in a grave robbery attempt accidentally awakens a female corpse  who eventually turns out to be the Marshal's  wife. During the commotion, Wu steals the vampire and sets it loose but is restrained by Chin who transports and hides the vampire in a hotel run by Wu Ma. The Marshal discovers them and his reanimated wife but the vampire is let loose once more by Wu and they all team up with the Marshal and his army to stop it."] ["When a clan of hillbilly dirtfarmers turn a misplaced barrell of chemical waste into a whiskey still, going blind is the least of their worries as the toxic moonshine turns them into REDNECK ZOMBIES! Now they're ready to invite a group of wayward yankees to a down-home feast of southern-fried gore and mayhem that will turn your stomach and tickle your funny bone!"] ["A school organization heads off to a Holy Week retreat, led by their professor. But before long, they realize they've lost their way and have no choice but to stay the night in a desolate house. What if it turns out to be the crib of vile creatures who may look like innocent children, but turn into little monsters and are out to scare the living daylights out of them?"] ['In this movie, two somewhat insane hicks are sent forth by their father to resolve the feud between two families in as bloody a manner as possible.'] ['Stan Helsing ([[Steve Howey  is an underachieving employee at a video rental store named Schlockbuster whose personal motto is "Don\'t get involved". His teen-aged boss Sully orders him to drop off a bag of movies to the mother of the store\'s owner or risk not having a job Monday morning. Despite his arguments, he agrees to the request and manages to get his friend Teddy , his ex-girlfriend Nadine  and ditsy blond massage therapist Mia  to take him there before they attend a Halloween party, even though it\'s on the other side of town. Enroute, the group encounters a traffic jam and, to Stan\'s surprise, he spots Chucky, the living doll , who makes obscene gestures that no one else notices in the van of a MILF next to them. Because of this disturbance, they miss their exit and decide to take a shortcut on which they hit a dog named Sammy Boy and inadvertently asked the dog\'s owner for help who then threatens to kill them for murdering his beloved dog. After fleeing the scene, Teddy picks up a hitchhiker, but after learning he was convicted of murdering nurses they violently throw him from the moving vehicle. They come across a gas station where the perverted owners tell Stan that he may be related to the legendary Abraham Van Helsing, the monster hunter. They depart and after finding Stormy Night Estates, they discover the attendants never put gas into the car. They come across a local bar and meet the ire of the townsfolk in a bad attempt of Karaoke while singing Johnny Cash\'s song Ring of Fire. After they leave, they discover that all the citizens, including their waitress, Kay , were actually dead due to a massive fire that consumed the town ten years earlier. They encounter several monsters including Pinhead, the hockey-masked killer Jason Voorhees, Chucky, Freddy Krueger, Leatherface, and a Jewish Michael Myers. They are given weapons by an extroverted altar boy who is so very close to becoming a priest who informs Stan of his destiny and that he is Van Helsing\'s descendant, arming them with various weapons before kicking them out of his church. The townsfolk offer a competition in which Stan and his friends compete against the monsters in Karaoke. The humans are unanimously voted as the winners, but the monsters refuse to leave town. Disobeying his policy of never getting involved, Stan turns each of the monsters\' weaknesses against them, soundly defeating them and feeding them to Sammy who had been brought back to vicious life . The group calls a cab and they leave the town as heroes. During the trip home, Nadine discovers how much she cares for Stan and kisses him. Teddy suggest kissing Mia, but she rebuffs with a lap dance offer instead which he gladly accepts. The movie ends with the taxi cab driving away and the sound of moaning. During the film many posters relating to Southern New Jersey are shown such as \'Visit Atlantic City\' and \'Visit Palasades Park\'. The town the videos are being delivered to is called Linwood . Neighboring cities Ventnor and Margate are mentioned on a news broadcast towards the end of the movie.'] ['After a hard and busy day, thirteen commuters took the last trip of the Manila LRT Purple Line at nearly midnight. While on board the train in midnight, Jean  met her long lost ex-boyfriend Cesar , who according to him, they last saw each other since they were college. Jean introduced her son, Jimmy . As they were chanting, the passengers were further annoyed by a female deacon Lita  who preaches verses from the bible. As they traverse into an abandoned station, they saw that the gate were closed. Minutes crawled by. Annoyed, the passengers decided to find a telephone. As they find a telephone, someone pulls Martin up the balcony. When they found him, his heart is pulled out: Someone or something was lurking in the station, apparently a monster who eats human hearts. Another passenger, Lita, was swiped away by that someone. Alarmed the passengers make their way back to the train. In a worse turn of fate, that something appeared out of nowhere: it was a hideous and foul eyeless monster. It further killed many more. This monster, vigilant and strong-sensed, forgave no one as it hunt down the passengers, save for Steph, Don, Nina, Jimmy, Jean and Cesar, one by one. Nina was separated from the family members. She and her boyfriend Rocky  wandered in an old train and saw dead bodies . The monster appears behind Rocky and killed him. Nina escaped. Steph  and Don  escaped the train after their friends Jenny  and Rico  were killed by the monster. Steph and Don met with Jimmy, Jean and Caesar who were losing contact in the phone. The two friends went out to find an exit but they were also killed by the monster. After several desperate tries of finding an emergency exit, the remaining survivors Jean, Cesar and Jimmy, found an emergency exit. Shortly after climbing down from the station tower, Cesar pledges his still-living love for Jean. He urged Jimmy and Jean to run while he wards the monster off. After a long fight, Cesar, too, was killed. Authorities arrived immediately. The terrible truth was unveiled: The monster is the mutant son of their boss , and that the passengers on the last train every night are being set up to be the food of the monster, with any survivors being killed off by the police. Then, the film ends with the monster growling while Nina, Jean and Jimmy scream.'] ["It should be a relaxing weekend in a remote cabin in the woods, as far away from big city bustle and the usual routine. But for the group of young people who wanted to meet here for camping, there is different. When they find a mysterious game and play it despite every warning, they unknowingly invoke three hideous ghosts; witches who only have one thing in mind: the death of the group. Only when it is possible to solve the various mysteries in time, can they hope to escape the clutches of the evil they have awoken and, for the parties, it's a merciless race of death against life.Ghost Game Review | GruselSeite.com"] ['When three friends find a sweet deal on a mansion in Hollywood Hills, they think they have struck party gold. But their dreams of sexy Hollywood ladies are quickly thwarted when they realize their dream pad is also a direct portal to Hell.'] ['A colossal series of disasters releases something monstrous from a glacier. Strange disappearances in a small California town attract the attention of a thick-headed sheriff , his transparently uninterested scientist girlfriend  and a visiting government agent . They discover that a giant green monster is at large, the Creaturesaurus Erectus,  They turn to experienced monster fighter Colonel Patrick Hendry , who has been locked in a government asylum for decades. With the help of other monster experts, lots of stock footage and incredibly bad special effects, humanity fights back against the "Thing from Another Time Zone".'] ['Local resident and adventurer Burt Gummer comes home to Perfection from a successful, international Graboid/Shrieker hunt ending in Argentina, only to find that life in the town has returned to normal, with some of the locals even letting their graboid tracking equipment fall into disuse. The new owner of Walter Chang\'s general store is Walter\'s niece Jodi, and a thrill-seeker named Jack Sawyer has set up a "Graboid Tour" featuring a faked attack by the creatures. Melvin Plug, now a still-obnoxious-would-be land developer, is attempting to contract housing estates around the town. After a small earthquake, Jack Sawyer\'s assistant is eaten by a Graboid while conducting a tour and it is discovered there are three new Graboids in Perfection. Burt quickly organizes a search and destroy party composed of local residents but a team of meddling scientists arrives, sent by the US government when Nancy Sterngood contacted the authorities. Burt is forced to disband the hunting party, but he still tries to lure one of the monsters, an albino dubbed "El Blanco", onto his property so he can kill it in "self-defense". Faced with the prospect of his property being confiscated using eminent domain, Burt reluctantly agrees to help the government scientists capture a live graboid. The first hunting expedition does not go well however and Burt is swallowed alive by a graboid, however he survives by hiding inside an oil barrel. Jack lures it to Burt\'s compound, where it runs into a concrete barrier  and then uses a chainsaw to cut it open and rescues Burt. Meanwhile, the government scientists have gone hunting the graboids on their own and are killed when they are ambushed by shriekers; the graboids have metamorphosed into the next stage in their life cycle. Burt organizes another search and destroy party, this time to hunt down the shriekers before they can multiply. They trail the shriekers to a box canyon but are trapped by El Blanco, which seems to be a mutant without the ability to metamorphose. When they finally free themselves, the shriekers are gone and have been replaced by hitherto unknown winged beasts who become airborne by blasting jets of flames from their rear. As the creature flies in to attack, it knocks Miguel, an original survivor from the first movie off the cliff, killing him. He is not eaten, however. The creature crashes on a fence, killing it, and watching fluids from its body ignite, the group realizes it mixes its stomach acid with another chemical to achieve explosive flight, and Jodi dubs them "ass-blasters." They also learn that the ass-blasters use infra-red vision, just as the shriekers do. The hunting party retreats to Burt\'s home, holding a mattress over them to hide their body heat. They are safe in Burt\'s basement until they hear sounds of an ass-blaster overhead, and Burt realizes that although he had taken every conceivable precaution against graboids and shriekers; he did not account for the possibility of an aerial attack. An ass-blaster crashes through the ceiling and the hunting party is forced to use Burt\'s emergency escape tunnel. Fearing the ass-blaster will produce more ass-blasters if it gets to the food stocks, Burt places jugs of unleaded gasoline against the door, blowing up his entire compound when the ass-blaster attempts to melt through the door. Meanwhile, attacked in Jodi\'s store by a lone ass-blaster, mother and daughter Nancy and Mindy Sterngood accidentally discover that once it is satiated with food, instead of engaging in asexual reproduction like a Shrieker it enters a comatose state, allowing them to capture it. They radio Burt of the discovery, much to his dismay, as he realizes the cruel irony that he blew up his own compound, when the food would have made it harmless. The explosion attracts the other ass-blasters, forcing the party to escape to a nearby junkyard, rolling Burt\'s boat down hill, and using a tarp to block their body heat. However another ass-blaster sees them and alerts the rest, forcing them to hide in an out house, while the others arrive and roam the yard. Jack comes up with an idea to create an improvised potato gun like weapon, reasoning that if they hit them with something hot, the chemicals inside will cause the ass-blasters to explode. They split up to search for parts, and Jodi kills one, trapping it in a storage create filled with gas. They find parts and assemble the weapon inside Nestor\'s  old trailer, and use liquor inside as gunpowder. They launch flaming arrows and manage to kill the ass-blasters, but El Blanco shows up. Burt realizes that the ultrasonic signal from his watch has been attracting him, saying that it always knows where he is. El Blanco tips the trailer causing Burt to fall out and get stuck to the springs of a mattress, trapping him. Jack takes Burt\'s watch to lure El Blanco away, while Jodi tries to free Burt, however an ass-blaster they had believed dead before appears nearby. Jodi prepares to fight it off with a shovel to defend Burt, but Jack wraps Burt\'s watch in duct tape and throws it at the ass-blaster, sticking it. El Blanco chases the ultrasonic sound, causing it to eat the ass-blaster. In the epilogue, Nancy and Mindy sell the captive ass-blaster to a circus-group in Las Vegas, led by "Sigmund" and "Ray"--a reference to Siegfried & Roy. Burt is sitting on a rock driving an RC car around, leading El Blanco when Melvin arrives and tries to talk Burt into convincing everyone into selling their land, but is frightened by El Blanco, telling Burt to kill it. Burt informs him that El Blanco has been declared by the federal government to be an endangered species, foiling Melvin\'s plans for a housing project. The long-time residents have taken appropriate precautions allowing them to coexist with El Blanco and keep their homes. Burt leaves Melvin trapped on a small rock with El Blanco circling, Melvin cursing Burt as he drives off.'] 