[' In Scotland, King Fergus of Clan DunBroch presents his young daughter Merida with a bow for her birthday. While practicing, Merida encounters a will-o\'-the-wisp. Soon afterwards, Mor\'du, a giant demon bear, attacks the family. Merida escapes along with her mother Queen Elinor while Fergus fights off the bear at the cost of his left leg. Years later, Merida has become a free-spirited teenager and an older sister of identical triplets: Hamish, Hubert and Harris. Her mother informs her that Merida is to be betrothed to one of her father\'s allied clans. Reminding Merida of a legend about a prince who ruined his own kingdom, Elinor warns her that failure to marry could harm DunBroch, but Merida is dissatisfied with the arrangement. The clans arrive with their first-born sons to compete in Highland Games for Merida\'s hand. Merida declares she is eligible to compete for her own hand as the first-born of Clan DunBroch, causing a falling out between Merida and Elinor. When Merida cuts the family tapestry in anger, she flees into the woods. There, the will-o\'-the-wisps lead her to the hut of an elderly witch posing as a wood carver. After some bargaining, the witch agrees to give Merida a spell to change her mother; in the form of a cake. Merida returns to the castle and gives Elinor the cake, causing her mother to transform into a large bear. With the help of her brothers, Merida and Elinor return to the witch\'s now deserted cottage where they discover that the spell will be permanent unless undone by the second sunrise. The witch leaves Merida a riddle, mentioning that she must "mend the bond torn by pride." The two begin to reconcile their relationship while Merida observes that the spell is slowly becoming permanent, as Elinor often loses control and acts like a bear. After encountering the wisps again, the two follow them to ancient ruins and encounter Mor\'du, who they discover was once the prince in Elinor\'s legend who received the same spell from the witch. Merida theorizes that she can reverse the spell by repairing her family tapestry. At the castle, the clans are on the verge of war, but the princess quells their fighting. With the encouragement of her mother who uses charades to guide Merida through a speech, the princess declares that the children should be allowed to get married in their own time. Merida then sneaks into the tapestry room with Elinor, who is losing control of her human self. Fergus enters the bed chamber and is attacked by Elinor until she regains human consciousness and races out of the castle in desperation. Fergus gives chase. With the help of her brothers, who have transformed into cubs by eating the cake, Merida rides after her father while sewing up the tapestry. The clan members and Fergus capture Elinor, but Merida intervenes just before Mor\'du attacks. Elinor kills Mor\'du by luring him under a falling menhir, releasing the prince\'s spirit. Merida places the tapestry over Elinor, but nothing happens. After breaking down in tears and reconciling with her mother, Elinor is transformed back along with the triplets, and the family is reunited. A few days later, the clans depart for their respective lands and Merida and Elinor ride their horses together. In a post-credits scene, the witch\'s crow asks a castle guard to sign for a delivery of wooden carvings that Merida bought simultaneously with the spell.'] ['Roman Kogler is a 19-year old prisoner in an Austrian juvenile detention centre, imprisoned for killing another teenager. In order to obtain parole, he must prove that he can hold down a job outside the prison. After many failed attempts, he gets a job as an undertaker. His co-workers treat him badly, because he\'s a convicted criminal, but Roman has to put up with them if he has any chance of getting parole. Every day, he takes the train into Vienna and gets off near a holiday ad that reads: "Dive Into Adventure". Brought up in an orphanage, Roman is keen to trace his mother. He manages to find out where she lives and follows her into an IKEA store, where he sees her lying, like a corpse, on one of the beds. They later become re-acquainted and he tells her he\'s a diving instructor in New Zealand. Back at her flat, he asks his mother why she gave him up and she tells him that it was the best thing she did in her life. She later finds out his real occupation as an undertaker. She also confesses to him that the real reason that she gave Roman up was that, when he was a baby, she tried to suffocate him by placing a pillow over his face. The film ends with Roman being awarded parole and visiting the grave of his teenage victim.'] ['Set in Skoddeheimen, a fictional small town in western Norway,{{cite web}} the film is about Alma , a 15 year old girl and her sexual awakening.'] ['In 1982, Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried, has lived her whole life in Tokyo and now works at a company there. She decides to take another trip to visit her elder sisters-in-law in the rural countryside to help with the safflower harvest and get away from city life. While traveling at night on a sleeper train to Yamagata, she begins to recall memories of herself as a schoolgirl in 1966, and her intense desire to go on holiday like her classmates, all of whom have family outside of the big city. During her stay in Yamagata, she finds herself increasingly nostalgic and wistful for her childhood self, while simultaneously wrestling with adult issues of career and love. The trip dredges up forgotten memories  — the first stirrings of childish romance, puberty and growing up, the frustrations of math and boys. In lyrical switches between the present and the past, Taeko wonders if she has been true to the dreams of her childhood self. Finally, Taeko faces her own true self, how she views the world and the people around her, and has to decide what kind of person to become.'] 