['Boog plans an annual guys trip to spend time with his male friends. However, Elliot has distanced himself from him since he had started a family. Boog is disappointed since everyone else wants to spend time with their families which makes Boog go on a trip of his own, which leads him to a Russian traveling circus. While in the circus, Boog meets Doug, a lazy, scruffy grizzly bear who is tired of performing in the circus on the sidelines. He craves recognition as a full-fledged king of the forest, the ruler of wildlife. Doug convinces Boog to switch his life in the forest for Doug\'s place at the circus. Boog accepts the offer, but the whole thing turns out a scam since all Doug wants to do was escape. Meanwhile, Boog falls madly in love with Ursa, a female grizzly bear who was born in Russia and can effortlessly walk on a tightrope, juggle and dance. When the couple begin working together, they obtain much more as a harmonious duet than it might seem at first glance. When Boog\'s pals find out about Boog\'s disappearance, they, as well as the pets put aside their differences and hatch a rescue mission to save Boog. Boog\'s friends arrive at the circus. They want Boog to return home, but he does not want to leave Ursa. Suddenly, Doug arrives and apologizes to Boog for tricking him. While Doug performs the circus acts for the audience, Elliot tells Boog that he can stay at the circus if he wants to. Boog does not want to leave Ursa or Elliot, so he convinces Ursa to go live in the forest with them. Ursa enjoys life in the forest. The guys finally go on the guys trip and sing Willie Nelson\'s "On the Road Again." In a post-credits scene, Alistair and Doug are enjoying their tour around the world.'] ['{{See also}} {{Cleanup-rewrite|it fails to properly introduce the themes and motifs of the story mentioned in the Production section below. See also: article reassessment|section|date(an elite unit within the [[Gaia ,|date.|date"jenova">{{Cite book}} in Midgar\'s church, surrounded by his friends, and the citizens of Edge. After curing Denzel and the other infected children with the water, Cloud turns and sees Aerith and Zack leaving the church. As they step into the white light outside, Cloud hears Aerith say, "You see, everything\'s all right," to which he replies, "I know. I\'m not alone... not anymore."'] ['Cars takes place in a world populated by anthropomorphic transportation. The film begins with the last race of the Piston Cup championship, which ends in a three-way tie between retiring veteran Strip "The King" Weathers, perennial runner-up Chick Hicks, and rookie Lightning McQueen. The tiebreaker race is scheduled for one week later at the fictional Los Angeles International Speedway in California. Lightning is desperate to win the race, since it would allow him to leave the unglamorous sponsorship of Rust-Eze, a rust treatment for old cars, and allow him to take The King\'s place as the sponsored car of the lucrative Dinoco team. Eager to start practice in California as soon as possible, Lightning pushes his big rig, Mack, to travel all night long. While McQueen is sleeping, the exhausted Mack drifts off and is startled by a gang of reckless street racers, causing McQueen to fall out the back of the truck into the road. McQueen wakes in the middle of traffic, and speeds off the highway to find Mack, ending up in a run-down town of Radiator Springs and inadvertently ruining the pavement of its main road. After being arrested and impounded overnight, McQueen is ordered by the town\'s judge and doctor, Doc Hudson, to leave town immediately. The local lawyer, Sally Carrera, insists that McQueen be given community service to repave the road, to which Doc begrudingly agrees. McQueen tries to repave it in a single day, but it turns out to be shoddy and McQueen is ordered to repave the road again, which takes several days to complete. During this time, he becomes friends with several of the cars, and learns that Radiator Springs used to be a popular stopover along U.S. Route 66, but with the construction of Interstate 40 bypassing the town, it was effectively taken off the map. McQueen also discovers that Doc is really the "Fabulous Hudson Hornet", a three-time Piston Cup winner who was forced out of racing after an accident and quickly forgotten by the sport. McQueen finishes the road, which has invigorated the cars to improve their town, and spends an extra day in town with his new friends, before Mack and the media descend on the town, led by a tip to McQueen\'s location. McQueen reluctantly leaves with the media to get to California in time for the race, while Sally chastises Doc after discovering that he had tipped off the media to McQueen\'s whereabouts, not wanting to be discovered himself instead. At the speedway, McQueen\'s mind is not fully set on the race, and he soon falls into last place. He is surprised to discover that Doc Hudson, decked out in his old racing colors, has taken over as his crew chief, along with several other friends from Radiator Springs to help in the pit. Inspired and recalling tricks he learned from Doc and his friends, McQueen quickly emerges to lead the race into the final laps. Hicks, refusing to lose, sends Weathers into a dangerous accident. Seeing this and recalling Doc\'s fate, McQueen stops just short of the finish line, allowing Hicks to win, and drives back to push Weathers over the finish line. The crowd and media condemn Hicks\' victory and give praise to McQueen\'s sportsmanship. Though offered the Dinoco sponsorship deal, McQueen declines, insisting on staying with his current sponsors as an appreciation of their past support. Later, back at Radiator Springs, McQueen returns and announces that he will be setting up his headquarters there, helping to put Radiator Springs back on the map. In a post-credits scene, Van and Minny, the two minivans who came to Radiator Springs, appear to have lost their way and are stranded in the middle of the desert, dusty and tired , and Van is seen to have gone insane and drive off as a "Beetle" fly crashes into the screen.'] ["{{Inappropriate tone}} Lincolnville used to be home to Grimley's Old Tyme Circus... but the city has transformed into a metropolis with a love for technology and extreme sports. Just as Tony Hawk's Boom Boom Huckjam ramps up to replace the outdated circus, Tony Hawk is kidnapped by some circus freaks. Now, a group of skater kids may be his only hope."] ['King Goobot and Ooblar from the movie Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius return to Retroville and they say they come in peace. Everybody at first is upset to see them but when the Yolkians begin to give them everything they want  they begin to trust them and make peace. However, Jimmy knows that they are up to something evil to destroy Retroville . When he tries to tell people that they are lying, the citizens won\'t believe him. So he puts a recording of the Yolkians through his lie detector and he finds out it is, in fact, a big lie, only to gain the townspeople\'s loyalty and turn them against Jimmy. He runs to tell his Mom and Dad and then he figures out that they have gone to the Retroville park for an announcement. And what he finds there is a giant egg that looks exactly like the one that the Yolkians\' "chicken" god, Poultra, hatched out of in the original film. To Jimmy, this confirms his worst fears, but the citizens of Retroville are too turned by the Yolkians to listen to him. To Jimmy\'s surprise, the large egg does not contain a mutant carnivore chicken, but a shower of invitations to a party hosted by the Yolkians. This gets Jimmy rejected for being rude to the Yolkians. Later, Goobot sneaks into Jimmy\'s lab and steals his generator to re-create Poultra from Poultra\'s toenail, the last piece of her that contains her DNA. At the night of the party, Poultra is resurrected and Jimmy tries to warn everyone, but is still rejected. Suddenly, Cindy who in the film has been envious of Jimmy\'s genius knowledge and was bribed by the Yolkians into telling them how to get into Jimmy\'s lab making the excuse that she\'ll be a new genius. After realizing she has been tricked, she stands up for Jimmy, reminding the townsfolk of everything he\'s done for them. The townsfolk grow more receptive, just as Poultra arrives. With all the help Jimmy can get, he saves the night using the fact that "chickens can\'t burp". The citizens, who are alerted of Poultra\'s arrival, but unable to escape the party, help Jimmy into luring Poultra to drink a large tank of soda and eat a dummy made of what is essentially Pop Rocks. When Poultra consumes the entire tank and eats the dummy, she cannot release the excess gas created by the soda and candy, and explodes due to the buildup of pressure. The end of the movie reveals that all the Yolkians  take off from the earth in a large container mounted on a rocket . Everybody is forced to apologize to Jimmy in the language of English, French, and Chinese . Then there is a celebration.'] ['The story, written by Lance Williams, was never finalized but centered around "Ipso Facto", a charming elliptical robot, and the heroine, a young female pilot nicknamed "T-Square". The story was set at some time in the distant future when a malfunctioning computer, "The Works", triggered a devastating last World War but then, realizing what it had done, set out to repopulate the planet entirely with robots. T-Square, who worked and lived in a nearby asteroid belt, vowed to journey to Earth and fight to make it safe for the return of her fellow space-faring humanity. Many staff-members contributed designs and modeled characters and sets under the coordination of art director Bil Maher who created blueprint-style designs for T-Square and many of the 25 robots called for by the script. Dick Lundin, legendary for his exhaustive and elaborate creations, designed and animated a huge mining ship and the famous gigantic robot "Ant" which was to be one of the villains in control of the Earth.'] ["The Separatists control the majority of the hyperlanes, leaving Republic forces stranded in different parts of the Outer Rim. Jabba the Hutt's son Rotta is kidnapped as part of a plot to make the Hutts join the Separatists. Meanwhile, a fierce battle is taking place on the crystalline planet of Christophsis between the Republic's small clone army and the Retail Clan forces. With the help of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker, the clones steadily advance on the Separatists' forces, gaining the Republic an early victory. It doesn't last long, though, as the droid army soon returns. With no communications or the ability to fly in reinforcements, the fate of the few remaining clone soldiers are in the hands of Obi-Wan and Anakin. A shuttle arrives, but without the needed reinforcements. Instead, it is a young Padawan named Ahsoka Tano, who insists that she has been sent by Master Yoda to serve under Anakin. The battle soon commences yet again, with the Separatist forces advancing behind an expanding energy shield that artillery can't penetrate. Anakin and Ahsoka succeed in penetrating the enemy lines while Obi-Wan stalls for time by holding a fake surrender negotiation with the droid army commander. Soon after the final victory for the Republic on Christophsis, Yoda arrives and brings the Jedi up to date on the situation concerning Jabba's son. The Republic needs Jabba on their side to ensure unfettered travel through Jabba's trade routes. Anakin and Ahsoka are tasked with retrieving the child, while Obi-Wan flies to Tatooine to assure Jabba that Rotta will be retrieved. On the planet of Teth, Anakin, Ahsoka and their clones assault a monastery that sits atop a high stone pillar. They find Rotta, but discover that he is ill, requiring them to get him help immediately. But they have been caught in a trap by Count Dooku, who hopes to frame the Jedi for Rotta's disappearance , thereby ending any chance of the Republic striking a deal with Jabba. He sends his assassin, Asajj Ventress, to secure fake evidence of the Jedi's supposed double dealing, then to recapture the young Hutt and return it to Jabba, putting the crime lord in the Separatists' debt. Anakin and Ahsoka manage to escape the trap along with R2-D2 and hijack a derelict transport which they use to travel to Tatooine. Obi-Wan, alerted by Anakin, arrives just in time to relieve the clone forces and engages Ventress in a lightsaber duel where he manages to defeat her, though Ventress flees in the face of capture. On board the derelict ship, Ahsoka manages to cure Rotta by the use of medical supplies on board. In the meantime, Senator Padmé Amidala learns of Anakin's mission and fears for his safety. She decides to contact Jabba's uncle, Ziro, who lives in a shady part of Coruscant. The Hutt refuses to cooperate, apparently believing that it is the Jedi who are responsible for the situation. Padmé, however, soon discovers that Ziro has actually conspired with Dooku to engineer the downfall of his nephew in order to seize power over the Hutt clans. Padmé is discovered and detained, but a chance call by C-3PO enables her to summon help, and Ziro is arrested. Upon their arrival on Tatooine, Anakin and Ahsoka are attacked and shot down. Faced with a long trek across desert sands and relentless opponents, Anakin devises a ruse: he confronts Dooku while carrying a decoy Rotta, leaving Ahsoka and R2-D2 to take the real Rotta to Jabba's palace. While Anakin fights Dooku, Ahsoka is ambushed by three Magnaguards. As Anakin and Dooku fight, Dooku activates a mini holo-image projector, showing Ahsoka nearing defeat. Dooku then explains that the Magnaguards are there to kill Rotta, and bring Ahsoka to Jabba for punishment for Rotta's murder. Believing that Ahsoka's life is in danger, Anakin abandons the fight to help her. Anakin arrives at Jabba's palace to find that Ahsoka did not yet arrive with Rotta. Frustrated, Anakin activates his lightsaber, holds it at Jabba's throat, and demands Jabba tell him what he has done with Ahsoka. Just as Anakin is about to be shot down by the guards, Ahsoka enters, with Rotta, having defeated the Magnaguards. After Rotta is handed over to Jabba, Jabba orders Anakin and Ahsoka to be executed. Just before they can be shot down, Padmé contacts Jabba with the news that Ziro has agreed to admit working together with Dooku in having Rotta kidnapped, and the Jedi framed for the crime. With the truth now revealed to him, Jabba agrees to allow the Republic to use his trade routes. With their mission accomplished, Anakin and Ahsoka are triumphantly retrieved by Obi-Wan and Yoda."] ["Spookley the Square Pumpkin was found in the pumpkin patch by Bella and Boris. Two pumpkins aren't very nice to him, so he feels left out. At first the other pumpkins make fun of him because Spookley is square. Jack  allows him to compete in the 'Jack-a-Lympics' contest. He saves the residents of the farm within a storm. He showed kindness to the pumpkins that made fun of him and saved their lives. At the end, it shows the farmer carrying Spookley into his house and shows him on the farmers porch lit up with a candle."] ["During a set of winter holidays, all the dragons of Berk unexpectedly depart, with the exception of Toothless; the latter remaining by reason of his inability to fly unaided. Out of compassion, Hiccup creates him a new prosthesis allowing him independent flight, and thus allows his escape. Three days later, Fishlegs' Gronckle 'Meatlug', the last remaining dragon, escapes the prison in which Fishlegs kept her and mistakenly seizes Hiccup. Meatlug travels to a sulfur-hot springs island where the other dragons have been laying eggs and having babies. Dragon eggs are also discovered by Astrid and the gang in Meatlug's nest, which they scatter around Berk in hopes of lifting the villagers' spirits. While looking for Toothless, Hiccup meets Stormfly , Hookfang  and their babies, who explosively hatch from their eggs . Wanting to get a ride home, Hiccup inadvertently triggers their return migration. Eventually, the citizens are stunned to see the dragons approaching with Hiccup, who has harnessed them to an abandoned boat hull to carry their flightless infants. Relieved that the dragons have returned, Stoick, Hiccup's father, prepares a celebration. During the celebration, Astrid thanks Hiccup for returning the dragons and kisses him. Moments later, Toothless comes back, and it is revealed he has spent his entire time away looking for Hiccup's helmet, which he now brings in his mouth. The next day, Toothless destroys his new tail and compels Hiccup to put the old saddle on him and be his rider again. Hiccup closes the short saying that he had given Toothless a gift , but Toothless gave him a better one ."] ["9 is a sentient rag doll who appears to be the last of his kind, living in the ruins of a decaying, post-apocalyptic Earth. He is first seen making simple constructs out of detritus&nbsp;– a swinging armature of scrap metal, an upright book with string tied around it, and a dummy rag doll full of tar, though the purpose behind these things is unclear at first. Hunting 9 relentlessly is the Cat Beast, a mechanical monster wearing a cat's skull for a head. It appears to be guided by a small glowing talisman which it holds in its claws. Sitting quietly, 9 stares into the mirrored surface of his own strange talisman and has a flashback… Once he searched the ruins with his mentor 5, a one-eyed rag doll. They gathered useful bits and pieces and stored them in the cloth linings of their own skin. With 9's help, 5 was able to salvage a light bulb and operate it using pieces of wire. 5 gave the functional bulb to 9 for safe-keeping. Almost immediately after, 5 drew the mirrored talisman from inside his chest. It glowed green, warning of danger. 5 gave the talisman to 9 then pushed him into cover. Extending a homemade folding spear, 5 stepped out to confront the threat. But the Cat Beast circled behind him and snatched him up with a metal pincer, shearing off his right arm. Though he struggled, 5 could not break free, and the Cat Beast sucked 5's soul out through his mouth using its talisman leaving 5 lifeless. Horrified, 9 escaped in panic, almost giving away his location to the Cat Beast by scraping the light bulb against a rock. 9 is woken from the memory by the warning green glow of the mirrored talisman. Taking the light bulb, which he has attached to the end of a staff, 9 flees into a ruined house. The Cat Beast follows and we see that it has not just taken the other rag dolls' souls: it also wears their numbered skins like a garment. The number 5 shows prominently on its back. The Beast pounces on what it thinks is 9, but which turns out to be a marionette&nbsp;– the dummy created by 9 at the beginning of the film. The Beast's claws stick in the tar and 9 is able to hop onto its back and steal the Beast's talisman. 9 leads the Beast on a panicked chase through the house and finally runs out onto the end of a broken plank, which extends over a several-story drop. Thinking it has 9 at bay, the Beast walks out onto the plank. But it has fallen into 9's trap. Nearby is the metal armature, and the upright book. 9 leaps off the plank onto the armature, which swings him around to the book. He kicks it and it falls into the pit. The string, tied at one end to the book, has its other end tied to the plank. The weight of the falling book drags the plank into the pit, and the Beast with it. The Beast crashes through a hole in the cellar floor and is presumably impaled by the sharp end of the falling plank. This all reveals that all the things that 9 has built was a cleverly made trap for the Beast. Now free from fear, 9 salvages the skins of the other rag dolls and prepares them to be ceremonially burned. As he looks sadly at the skin of 5, the two talismans begin to glow. 9 realizes that they are two halves of a whole and puts them together. A beam of green light erupts from the united talisman, and the spirits of the eight slain rag dolls 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 emerge, returning to their rag doll skins to be at peace. Before disappearing, 5's soul turns to 9 and nods in approval. In the morning, when the ashes have cooled, 9&nbsp;– bearing the light bulb staff, a symbol of the persistent light of knowledge and learning&nbsp;– walks off into the wasteland, leaving the empty talisman behind in the sand."] ['Birds and fish are moving around different halves of a sphere, separated by a sheet of ice. One bird and one fish  notice each other and approach their sides of the ice sheet. They look at each other through the ice and twirl to acknowledge that the feeling of love is mutual. Stella looks up and points, Stanley appears to be confused. Stella then taps her side of the ice sheet with her tail. Stanley gazes upward and then nods to her, understanding what he can do. As Stella watches, Stanley flies further and further up until he is high enough and then dives towards the ice sheet, breaking it. Stella approaches Stanley, who appears to be unconscious, and nudges him awake. He looks around him to see that he is successful and Stella kisses his cheek. As they continue to gaze at each other, the birds and fish around them are shown freely mingling throughout the sphere.'] ["Turbo is a snail who dreams of being the greatest racer in the world, just like his hero, 5-time Indianapolis 500 champ, Guy Gagne. His obsession with speed and all things fast has made him an oddity and outsider in the slow and cautious snail community, and a constant embarrassment to his careful older brother, Chet. Turbo desperately wishes he could escape the slow-paced life he's living. As luck would have it, he gets that chance one fateful day after a freak accident when he suddenly finds himself vested with the power of incredible speed. Turbo embarks on an extraordinary journey to achieve the impossible: racing against the best that IndyCar has to offer. Turbo is the ultimate underdog who achieves the impossible by refusing to let his limitations get in the way of his dreams.<ref nameDreamworks Animation is Off to the Races with High-Octane Cast for Turbo In 2013 |url651349 |accessdateDreamWorks Animation |date=February 24, 2012}}"] ['{{Plot}} The Digital World had become so overpopulated that the super computer, Yggdrasil, that governed the Digital World could no longer handle it. His solution was to destroy the majority of Digimon with the X-Program. He chose a very small percentage to be moved to a new Digital World because he planned to destroy the old Digital World. Those who were not chosen but survived anyway and moved to the new world had a rare gift known as the X-Antibody, which, when activated, both changed their appearance and made them more powerful. Yggdrasil is protected by the Royal Knights, who he orders to eliminate the X-Antibody Digimon. One of the outcasts is a strange, furry dragon-like Digimon named Dorumon. Dorumon was rejected by other Digimon, and was attacked by a Leomon who wanted his X-Antibody. Leomon eventually died and asked Dorumon to live for him. Meanwhile, WarGreymon X tried to make peace with a group of normal Digimon and X Digimon, but Omnimon shows up and eliminates them all except WarGreymon X and Tokomon. The two crash land at a temple where Dorumon lived. WarGreymon X left Tokomon in Dorumon\'s care and draws Omnimon\'s fire. Omnimon fights them later, seriously wounding Tokomon and Dorumon. MetalGarurumon X and WarGreymon X show up to battle Omnimon. MetalGarurumon X was mortally wounded and apparently dies, but not before giving his X-Antibody to the fatally injured Tokomon. Dorumon, anguished by the sight, digivolved into Dorugamon. WarGreymon X draws their fire and just before Omnimon attacked, Gallantmon intervened. Gallantmon believed Yggdrasil\'s plan to eliminate the X-Digimon and all associated with them was wrong, but when he tried to convince Omnimon of his view, he was impaled by Omnimon\'s blade. Before his apparent death, Gallantmon mentions to Omnimon that there is something he needed to check. He then dissolved into data and seemingly dies. Magnamon later kidnaps Dorugamon and extracted his data. Dorugamon is left for dead in a junkyard and is taken into hiding by WarGreymon X\'s troops. The forces of Yggdrasil later attack and the Digimon defend themselves with Dorugamon eventually digivolving to his Ultimate form, Dorugreymon. Gallantmon X and MetalGarurumon X, who somehow survived Omnimon\'s attack, later join the fight. Gallantmon X opened the way to Yggdrasil\'s domain where Omnimon and Magnamon await. Just as Omnimon was about to dismember Dorugreymon, DoruGreymon digivolved into Alphamon. Omnimon, intrigued by this revelation and persuaded by Alphamon, decided to confront Yggdrasil. Magnamon refused to go with them and stated his loyalty to Yggdrasil but did nothing to stop them besides warning the super computer. Before they reached the chamber, Yggdrasil summoned DexDorugoramon, who was created by the data stolen from Dorugamon earlier, to fight them. Alphamon destroyed the creature easily, and he and Omnimon proceeded to Yggdrasil\'s chamber. They demanded to know Yggdrasil\'s reason for destroying so many Digimon but the computer\'s only answer was to summon the remains of DexDorugoramon, which reconfigure to form Dexmon. The beast trapped Omnimon in its claws. When Alphamon tried to free Omnimon, he realized that Dexmon was his other half, born from Yggdrasil\'s extraction. Knowing this, Alphamon impaled himself along with Dexmon with his sword, Ouryuuken. When Omnimon demanded why he did it, he explained how Dexmon was his "shadow" and that was what he would have become if he had not met his friends. With the last of his strength, he gave his X-Antibody to Omnimon, who consequently became Omnimon X, before reabsorbing Dexmon and regressing back into a barely alive Dorumon. Omnimon, his eyes now fully opened to Yggdrasil\'s injustice, raised his blade and destroyed the computer with the All Delete attack. With the Digital World restored, Omnimon observed the landscape with his friend Gallantmon as the two pondered over why Yggdrasil did what he did. Gallantmon concluded that Yggdrasil, just like every other being, was simply "trying to live". Meanwhile, Dorumon returned home and was joyfully reunited with Tokomon X.'] ["A young boy, Bambino, goes on a midnight sailing trip with his father Papà and grandfather Nonno. After they anchor their boat in the middle of the sea, Papà presents Bambino with a cap similar to the ones he and Nonno wear. The two men disagree on how Bambino should wear it, with Papà pulling it low over his eyes and Nonno pushing it back on his head. Papà sets up a long ladder for Bambino to climb so he can set the boat's anchor on the full moon, and the three ascend to start their work of sweeping fallen stars off the lunar surface. Papà urges Bambino to use a pushbroom on the stars, while Nonno favors a besom broom. As they quarrel, a huge star crashes down on the moon; it is far too large for any of them to move by themselves. Turning his cap backwards, the way he wants to wear it, Bambino climbs onto the star and taps it with a hammer. It bursts apart into hundreds of smaller stars, and all three go to work sweeping them up, with Bambino choosing a rake instead of either man's broom. Once the job is done, they climb back down into their boat and look up at the moon, which now displays a glowing crescent phase thanks to their efforts."] ["Otis ([[Kevin James  is a carefree bull who prefers to goof off than accept responsibility. His father Ben  is the leader of the barnyard when the farmer is away, giving the animals the safest moment to spring up on two legs. After Otis interrupts a barnyard meeting with his wild antics, Ben has a talk with his son, in which he tells him that he'll never be happy if he just goofs off, and that he should grow up. Otis ignores his advices and leaves to have fun with his friends Pip , Pig , Freddy , and Peck . That same day, Otis meets a new yet pregnant cow named Daisy , accompanied by another girl cow named Bessy . That night, the animals throw a massive party in the barn; all the animals are there except Ben, who watches over the fence, which marks their space. Otis is assigned his shift along with him, but he talks himself out of it, saying that he's needed for a certain role in the party barn. Ben talks with Otis and says that the day he found him alone in the meadow, the stars danced. Otis is given the privilege to party out, and the thankful son runs to the barn. Later on, Ben has to take on a pack of coyotes led by Dag , who is raiding the chicken coop. Ben manages to fight off the pack until he's bitten in the leg by Dag, making him fall. The coyotes pile on Ben, but he manages to grab Dag and escapes the pile. He threatens to punch Dag, but lets him go, scaring him and the coyotes off. The hens cheer, but Ben falls on the ground, exhausted. Etta  runs into the barn and tells Otis and he runs outside to his father. Ben opens his mouth as if to say something, but he dies. He is then buried on his hill by the farmer. After Ben's death, all the animals elect Otis as the new leader of the barnyard, presumably because he's a born party animal. An old mule named Miles , who was lifelong friends with Ben, kicks the farmer  because he saw the animals on two legs, knocking him out. He shirks his duties by leaving Freddy and Peck in charge of the coop, helping three trouble-making cows called the Jersey Cows Eddy , Igg , and Bud  in teaching a lesson to a fat brat called Snotty Boy , who enjoys cow tipping, and being chased by police and a helicopter on the TV show COPS in the Beadys' 1960 Chevrolet Impala. Later that night, when Otis is sitting with Daisy and holds Daisy's hand while looking up at the stars, he overhears the coyotes chasing a rabbit and leaves Daisy and chases after the coyotes to avenge his father. Otis tries to attack Dag and his men, but he's outsmarted by them. Since Otis is weaker, Dag orders a deal that he and his pack will take animals here and there, and if he tries to stand up for all of them, they'll slaughter everyone. Otis decides to leave the barnyard, realizing that he has no chance. The next morning, before leaving, Otis is informed that the coyotes took some hens and a chick named Maddy , who is one of Otis' best friends. Otis realizes that he has been backstabbed by Dag as he wasn't expecting him and the coyotes until tonight, and sets off to rescue the poultry. Otis confronts the pack, but is easily defeated; however, Pip, Pig, Freddy, Peck, and Miles arrive to help Otis, along with the Jersey Cows and the gophers. Dag tries to attack Otis from behind, but Otis is alerted when Peck successfully manages to crow a warning. Otis catches Dag and tells the coyote to never return. Dag is then swung out of the junkyard by Otis'golf skills. That night, Otis and the gang make it back to the barnyard, finding that Daisy went into labor after Otis left to face the coyotes. She gives birth to a calf whom she names Lil' Ben. Duke , the farmer's sheepdog, asks Otis if he wants to stay and be their leader. Otis agrees, and everyone cheers as he walks outside finding the stars dancing. The movie ends with Wild Mike dancing on top of Mrs. Beady's head when she gets ready for bed."] ['Troubled by a strange recurring dream and mourning the loss of her beloved father, nineteen-year-old Alice Kingsleigh attends a garden party at Lord Ascot\'s estate, where she is confronted by an unwanted marriage proposal and the stifling expectations of the society in which she lives. Unsure of how to reply, and increasingly confused, she runs away to chase after a rabbit in a blue waistcoat, and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole. She is transported to a world called Wonderland, where she is greeted by the White Rabbit, the Dormouse, the Dodo, and Tweedledum and Tweedledee. They argue over her identity as "the right Alice", who it is foretold will slay the Red Queen\'s Jabberwocky on the Frabjous Day and restore the White Queen to power. The group is then ambushed by the Bandersnatch and a group of playing-card soldiers led by the Knave of Hearts. Alice escapes and flees into the woods. The Knave informs the Red Queen that Alice has returned and threatens her reign, and the soldiers are ordered to find Alice immediately. Meanwhile, the wandering Alice encounters the Cheshire Cat, who takes her to the March Hare and the Hatter. On the way to the White Queen\'s castle, Hatter relates the terror of the Red Queen\'s reign, and comments that Alice is not the same as she once was. The Hatter helps Alice avoid capture by allowing himself to be seized instead. Later, Alice is found by Bayard the Bloodhound, who wishes to take her to the White Queen, but Alice insists upon helping the Hatter, so they go to the Red Queen\'s castle. The Red Queen is unaware of Alice\'s true identity and therefore welcomes her as a guest. Alice learns that the Vorpal Sword  is locked away in a case inside the Bandersnatch\'s den. The Knave crudely attempts to seduce Alice, but she rebuffs him. She later manages to retrieve the sword and befriend the Bandersnatch. The Knave finds her with the sword and attempts to arrest her. Alice escapes on the back of the Bandersnatch and delivers the sword to the White Queen. The Cheshire Cat saves the Hatter from execution, and the Hatter calls for rebellion against the Red Queen. The rebellion is quickly put down by the Jubjub bird. The resistance flees to the White Queen\'s castle, and both armies prepare for battle. Alice remains unsure about the expectation for her to champion the White Queen, and meets with Absolem the Caterpillar. He reminds Alice of her past visit to Underland  thirteen years earlier, and helps give her the courage to fight the Jabberwocky and accomplish "What she must to do", while he becomes a pupa. When the Frabjous Day arrives, both the White and Red Queens gather their armies on a chessboard-like battlefield and send forth their chosen champions  to decide the fate of Underland. Encouraging herself with the words of her late father, Alice manages to kill the Jabberwocky. The White Queen then banishes the Red Queen and the Knave to the Outlands, and gives Alice a vial of the Jabberwocky\'s blood, which will take her home. The Hatter suggests that she could stay in Underland, but she decides that she must go back and promises that she will return. Alice returns home, where she stands up to her family and pledges to live life on her own terms. Impressed, Lord Ascot takes her in as his apprentice, with the idea of establishing oceanic trade routes to China. As the story closes, Alice prepares to set off on a trading ship. Absolem, now a butterfly, lands on her shoulder. Alice recognizes him and greets him before he flutters away.'] ["Set on Christmas Eve, the film opens with hundreds of elves helming the command centre of Santa's mile-wide,<ref nameWatercutter|firstMaking Arthur Christmas’ Sci-Fi Sleigh|url5624|accessdateWired|date=22 November 2011}} ultra–high-tech sleigh, the S-1. Santa and the elves deliver presents to every child in the world using advanced equipment and military precision. These complex operations are micromanaged by Santa's oldest son Steve and his obsequious elfin assistant Peter  at mission control underneath the North Pole, while Steve's clumsy and panophobic younger brother Arthur answers the letters to Santa. During a delivery operation, when a child wakes up and almost sees Santa, an elf back in the S-1 inadvertently presses a button, causing a present to fall off a conveyor and go unnoticed. Having completed his 70th mission, Santa is portrayed as far past his prime and whose role in field operations now is largely symbolic. Nonetheless, he is held in high esteem, and delivers a congratulatory speech to the enraptured elves. Much to Steve's frustration, who has long anticipated succeeding his father, Santa announces he looks forward to his 71st. During their family Christmas dinner, Arthur's suggestion for the family to play a board game degenerates into a petty quarrel between Santa and Steve, while Grand-Santa, bored by retirement, resentfully criticises their over-modernisation. Distraught, the various family members leave the dinner table. When Arthur humbly compliments Steve that he believes he will be a great Santa Claus, Steve rudely dismisses Arthur's overture; later, their father shares with Mrs. Claus his grave doubts about his self-identity should he retire. Meanwhile, an elf named Bryony finds the missed present—a wrapped bicycle that has yet to be delivered—and alerts Steve and his elf-assistant to the problem. Arthur is alarmed when he recognises the present as a gift for Gwen, a little girl to whom he had personally replied. Arthur alerts his father, who is at a loss as to how to handle the situation; Steve argues that one missed present out of billions is an acceptable error whose correction can wait a few days. Grand-Santa, on the other hand, proposes delivering the gift using Evie, his old wooden sleigh, and the descendants of the original eight reindeer, forcefully whisking away a reluctant Arthur and a stowaway Bryony. They get lost, lose reindeer, and land in danger several times, ultimately being mistaken for aliens and causing an international military incident. Through all this, Arthur eventually learns to his compounding disappointment that Grand-Santa's true motive is to fulfil his ego, that Steve refuses to help them out of petty resentment, and that his own father has gone to bed, apparently content. Finally, stranded in Cuba after losing the sleigh, Arthur renews his sense of purpose—that it all comes down to preventing a child's disappointment—and with Grand-Santa's help manages to recover the sleigh. Meanwhile, the elves grow increasingly alarmed at rumours of this neglected delivery and the Clauses' unthinkable indifference, sending them into a panic. In response, Santa, Mrs. Claus, and Steve take the high-tech sleigh to deliver a superior present—to the wrong child. Santa's navigation error and Steve's mishandling of the mistaken identity throw into sharp relief their intentions against those of Arthur. After much difficulty, and ultimately with Mrs. Claus' and Bryony's help, all the male Clauses arrive at Gwen's house before she awakens, only to have all but Arthur quarrel about who gets to actually place the gift. Noticing that only Arthur truly cares about the girl's feelings, the elder Clauses collectively realise that he is the sole worthy successor. As a result, Santa gives Arthur the honour and Steve forfeits his birthright to his brother. In a fitting conclusion, Gwen glimpses a snow-bearded Arthur in a wind-buffeted sweater just before vanishing into the night. With the crisis resolved, Santa goes into a happy retirement with Mrs. Claus; he also becomes grand-Santa's much-desired new companion. Meanwhile, Steve finds true contentment as Chief Operating Officer while Bryony is promoted to Vice-President of Packing. In a nod to traditionalism once neglected, the high-tech S-1 is re-christened EVIE and refitted to be pulled by a 5000-reindeer team—led by the original eight reindeer, all of whom managed to return safely via innate homing abilities. Finally, Arthur happily guides the entire enterprise in the proper spirit as the new Santa."] [' The story begins with a retelling of the original BIONICLE legend. The story then shifts to the fortress village of Ta-Koro, which is located in a lake of lava. A Ta-Matoran named Jaller is looking for his Kohlii  teammate, Takua. He soon finds him inspecting a warning totem next to a lava flow. Just before they leave, Takua picks up the totem, unwittingly setting off a booby trap. He drops the artifact into the lava, revealing a Kanohi mask that was embedded in the totem. At that moment, a wave of lava began to rush through the chamber at Takua. He throws the mask to Jaller and tries to use a lavaboard to cross the lava, but only got halfway. Just as he was about to be killed, he was saved by Tahu, the Toa of Fire. Takua and Jaller then rushed to the Kohlii field, and Jaller puts the mask in his pack. After the match had ended , the mask Takua found falls out of Jaller\'s pack, shining a bright light on Jaller. The Turaga reveal that this is the Mask of Light which is to be worn by a legendary Seventh Toa that will defeat Teridax . The Mask of Light will lead its herald the Seventh Toa. But Takua, who was thought to be the Herald, was unwilling to admit it so Jaller was mistakenly believed to be so. Unfortunately for Takua, he still has to come along to chronicle Jaller’s quest. Pohatu, the Toa of Stone, left to spread word about the Seventh Toa, while Gali, the Toa of Water, had already departed. The two Matoran leave Ta-Koro the next day and followed the mask’s light to the jungle region of Le-Wahi. Deep beneath Mata Nui, Teridax was fully aware of what is happening above. He spoke to a large statue of a Kanohi Mask, which he refers to as his brother, Mata Nui. He then decided to release three of his spawns of shadow, the Rahkshi, to find and destroy the Herald. On the surface, Gali was meditating at Kini-Nui, the Great Temple, when the Rahkshi burst from the center of the temple and attack her. She narrowly escapes by hiding in the river. Realizing the Rahkshi are headed for Ta-Koro, she hurried there and warned the villagers. The Rahkshi burst through the walls of Ta-Koro, using their powers of shattering , disintegration , and poison  to eventually destroy the village. Fortunately, all the Matoran escape unharmed. In the fight, Tahu\'s mask is damaged by Gali when she tried to get Lerahk off of him, leaving a sickly green scratch. However, he was more concerned about his village\'s destruction. Meanwhile, Takua and Jaller were traveling through the jungle of Le-Wahi, going where the Mask of Light shows them to go. They are then attacked by a Graalok ash bear and rescued by Lewa, the Toa of Air. He gave them a faster way of traveling, a Gukko bird, which quickly carried them to the frozen region of Ko-Wahi. Upon their arrival, they learn of Ta-Koro\'s destruction. Lewa then flies to Ta-Wahi to learn more, leaving Takua and Jaller behind. They got caught in a blizzard where they encounter Bohrok that are frozen, and ran into Kopaka, Toa of Ice. Upon arriving at Ko-Koro, they are attacked by the Rahkshi, and escaped down the side of a mountain. Kopaka is knocked out in the escape, and Takua tries to lure them away across a lake. Just as the Rahkshi close in, Kopaka awakens and froze the Rahkshi in the lake. Kopaka then leaves to see to his village and the Matoran leave for the underground region of Onu-Wahi. In the Onu-Koro Highway, an unused underground network of tunnels, Takua gets lost. He was surprised by Teridax, who appeared before him in the form of two glowing red eyes. He warned Takua that if he does not give him the mask, Jaller will die. Takua refuses, but later panics and leaves Jaller and the mask behind. He arrives in the village of Onu-Koro in time to find Pohatu and Onua, the Toa of Earth, telling the village about the Seventh Toa. However, three more Rahkshi—with the power of fear , anger , and hunger —appear, sent by Teridax in response to Takua\'s refusal of his good will. As the Matoran were forced to flee from their village, Takua feels that this was his fault as the Rahkshi are after him for being the true Herald. Tahu, Gali, and Lewa arrive. However, Tahu\'s scar has gotten worse. When he was hit by Kurahk’s anger energy, the poison and the anger caused him to attack Gali. He was stopped when Kopaka arrived and froze him. Meanwhile, Pohatu and Onua caused a cave-in, and the Toa are forced to flee the village. Gali, Kopaka, and Lewa later have Tahu bound to a rock and free him from his madness. Takua finds Jaller and after warning him about the second wave of Rahkshi and the fact that the Rahkshi were looking for the Herald, the two head for the Kini Nui, where the mask says the Seventh Toa would be found. However, the six Rahkshi caught up to them. The Toa arrive and defeat all the Rahkshi except Turahk. Turahk then tried to kill Takua, only for Jaller to take the blow instead. As the dying Jaller tells Takua how he was "always different", the Chronicler realizes that he wasn\'t the Herald, but rather the Seventh Toa himself. Takua puts on the Mask of Light and the Toa of Light, renaming himself Takanuva. He destroys Turahk, and then builds a vehicle out of the Rahkshi’s armor, called the Ussanui - powered by the discarded Kraata of the Rahkshi - and flies down to Teridax\'s lair. After a mock Kohlii match  in which Takanuva prevailed using his special Kohlii move from earlier to knock the Makuta clean through a wall, Teridax claims he will protect Mata Nui from the Toa of Light stating that "sleep spares him pain; awake, he suffers." and this duty is to his "Mask of Shadows". When Takanuva tries to rip the mask off of Teridax\'s face , they fell into a pool of protodermis and emerged as Takutanuva. The combined being leads the Matoran, Turaga, and Toa , through a gate in the Kanohi mask statue. Takutanuva, who is holding the gate up, resurrected Jaller by transferring part of his energy into Jaller’s mask. However, this transfer weakened Takutanuva and the door crushed him. As the dust cleared, only the Mask of Light remained. Takanuva is then revived as well, and his light makes a hole in the cavern, revealing the long lost city of Metru Nui.'] ["Christopher Robin presents Pooh with an interesting new gift—a calendar. Pooh has never seen one before, and Christopher Robin explains that it's a way of keeping track of the days, weeks, months and seasons. The calendar stops at each season, as we watch Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit and Owl in the Hundred Acre Wood exploring the world around them and noticing the changes. Among them: the water in the pond becomes hard and slick when it gets cold."] ['Sid, the Sloth, takes a school of children out on a camping trip from home, only to find that in typical Sid style, he is not a very good guide and the children he takes with him don\'t have a very good time. Scrat makes a small cameo appearance in the short, he has swallowed his nut and is struggling to keep it down, in true Scrat style he coughs it up and it is stolen from him. The camping trip leaves some of the children somewhat traumatized. Sid tries to pick a flower, but somehow this has led to a tree falling, which then hits a rock, which causes a chain reaction and hits a series of larger rocks, until eventually hitting a large iceberg. The iceberg then carves out a u-shaped valley, which Sid later names the Grand Canyon. Afterwards the kids get so annoyed with Sid that it ends with them tying him up. At the end of the short movie  it shows a father and son beaver looking over the Grand Canyon with the son asking who made it. The father replies "Nature or a being with infinite wisdom."'] [' Three thousand years ago, a warlord named Yaotl and his four generals discover a portal opening into a parallel universe which is said to have a great power. The warlord becomes immortal from the power, but his four generals are turned to stone. The portal releases 13 immortal monsters that destroy Yaotl\'s army as well as his enemies. In the present, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have grown apart. After defeating the Shredder, Master Splinter has sent Leonardo to Central America for training. Donatello works as an IT specialist, Michelangelo works as a birthday party entertainer called "Cowabunga Carl" and Raphael fights crime at night as the vigilante "Nightwatcher". April O\'Neil operates a company that locates and acquires relics for collectors with the help of her boyfriend, Casey Jones. During a business trip to Central America, April tells Leonardo that the turtles have drifted apart. April returns to New York with a statue for her client, Max Winters, the CEO of a financial empire. Leo stows away on a plane and also returns. April and Casey deliver the statue to Winters. Winters hires Karai and the Foot Clan to search the city for the 13 beasts before the portal opens again. Raphael encounters Casey, who reveals his knowledge of Raphael\'s double identity and joins him in hunting criminals. Winters who is actually the Warlord Yaotl who is still immortal, reanimates his generals with advanced technology, but they remain made of stone. Leo returns to the sewer, meeting Splinter. Splinter forbids the Turtles from fighting until they can act as a team again. While training, the Turtles encounter one of the thirteen beasts battling the Foot Clan. The Turtles engage the beast, going against Leo and Splinter\'s orders, and are defeated after the monster is captured. When Raphael visits Casey, they encounter one of the monsters and witness its capture by the Foot and the Stone Generals. The Generals spot them and Raphael is knocked unconscious. When a police helicopter forces one of the generals to flee, Casey takes Raphael back to the apartment while April calls the Turtles for help. While examining Raphael, they learn the identities of Yaotl and his Generals from April. After being revived, Raphael suggests they pursue Yaotl. Leo forbids him to go until Splinter gives out the order and Raphael goes out to investigate alone. Leo, Donny and Mikey return to their sewer home to plan their next move, where Donny discovers the reopening of the portal will be directly over Winters\' tower. Splinter tells Leo that his team is incomplete, and that he knows what he must do. 11 monsters have been captured, and General Aguila questions Yaotl\'s actions. Thinking their leader intends to betray them, the Generals conspire to betray Yaotl, wanting to remain immortal. Raphael encounters one of the remaining monsters but drives it off. Leo fights Raph, but when he breaks Leo\'s twin swords, Raphael is forced to leave. The Stone Generals seize Leo, intending to substitute him for the thirteenth missing beast. Raphael decides to make amends by rescuing Leo. Splinter and the Turtles, accompanied by Casey and April, travel to Winters\'  tower. As the portal opens, Yaotl discovers the treachery of his generals, and the Turtles, along with April, Casey and Splinter, get inside the tower. Yaotl is knocked out by his generals, but he quickly regains consciousness. He reveals the truth to the heroes: he wants to return the monsters to the portal so that he will be free of his curse of immortality. The Generals reveal that they wish to preserve their immortality, but also to use the portal to bring in more monsters to conquer the world. Having refused to betray Yaotl in exchange for serving the Generals, April, Casey and the Foot Clan work together, searching for the final monster while the Turtles fight the Generals. Splinter and Yaotl fight off numerous monsters emerging from the portal. April, Casey and Karai arrive at the tower with the thirteenth monster. The monster crashes into the Stone Generals, dragging them into the portal before it closes. Karai warns them to enjoy their victory while it lasts, claiming they will soon contend with a familiar foe. She and the rest of the Foot Clan depart. Yaotl, now mortal, honors the Turtles and Splinter, thanking them for fulfilling his wish before disappearing. Splinter places Yaotl\'s helmet among his trophy collection, as well as Raphael\'s "Nightwatcher" helmet and Michelangelo\'s turtle costume and the film ends with Raphael narrating that the Turtles will always be brothers as the four of them jump across the rooftops of New York City.'] ['Two clownfish, Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home in the New Caledonia Barrier Reef and their clutch of eggs that are due to hatch in a few days. Suddenly, a barracuda attacks them, leaving Marlin unconscious before eating Coral and all but one of their eggs. Marlin names this egg Nemo, a name that Coral liked. The film then moves on to Nemo\'s first day of school. Nemo has a tiny right fin, due to a minor injury to his egg from the barracuda attack, which limits his swimming ability. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip, Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat, resulting in him being captured by scuba divers. As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water. While unsuccessfully attempting to save Nemo, Marlin meets Dory, a naïve but good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting three sharks on a fish-free diet, Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver\'s mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, when he argues with Dory and accidentally gives her a nosebleed, the scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory. The two escape from Bruce but the mask falls into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it. After receiving directions to Sydney from a large school of moonfish, Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish that nearly sting them to death; Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current. In the current, Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles; his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually finds Nemo in Sydney. Meanwhile, Nemo\'s captor - P. Sherman, a dentist - places him into a fish tank in his office on Sydney Harbour. There, Nemo meets a group of aquarium fish called the "Tank Gang", led by a crafty and ambitious moorish idol named Gill. The "Tank Gang" includes Bloat, a puffer fish; Bubbles, a Yellow Tang; Peach, a starfish; Gurgle, a Royal gramma; Jacques, a pacific cleaner shrimp; and Deb, a Blacktailed Humbug. The fish are frightened to learn that the dentist plans to give Nemo to his niece, Darla. She is infamous for killing a goldfish given to her previously by constantly shaking the bag. In order to avoid this fate, Gill gives Nemo a role in an escape plan, which involves jamming the tank\'s filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish from the tank to clean it manually. The fish would be placed in plastic bags, at which point they would roll out the window and into the harbor. After a friendly pelican named Nigel visits with news of Marlin\'s adventure, Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter, but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter. Upon leaving the East Australian Current, Marlin and Dory become lost and are engulfed by a whale. Inside the whale\'s immense mouth, Marlin desperately tries to escape while Dory communicates with it in whale-speak. In response, the whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole. They are met by Nigel, who recognizes Marlin from the stories he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist\'s office. By this time, Darla has arrived and the dentist is prepared to give Nemo to her. Nemo tries to play dead in hopes of saving himself, and, at the same time, Nigel arrives. Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act for the actual death of his son. Gill helps Nemo escape into a drain through a sink after a chaotic struggle. Overcome with despair, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home. Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean through an underwater drainpipe. Dory\'s memory is restored after she reads the word "Sydney" on a nearby drainpipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. After some days, Nemo leaves for school once more and Marlin who is no longer overprotective or doubtful of his son\'s safety, proudly watches Nemo swim away into the distance. Back at the dentist\'s office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang have escaped into the harbor. However, they realize that they are confined to the bags of water that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.'] [' Kevin Flynn  is a software engineer formerly employed by ENCOM. He had been fired by Ed Dillinger ([[David Warner  who had stolen several video games designed by Flynn to gain a series of promotions. Flynn attempts to obtain evidence of Dillinger\'s action, but is prevented by the Master Control Program , an artificial intelligence that controls the ENCOM mainframe and seeks control over other mainframes as well. Dillinger attempts to stop the MCP after it reveals its intentions to hack into and gain control of the Pentagon and Kremlin, but he\'s blackmailed by the MCP, which threatens to reveal to the media his plagiarism of Flynn\'s games, which are hugely successful. Visited by ENCOM employees Alan Bradley  and Lora Baines  who warn him that Dillinger knows about his hacking attempts and has tightened security, Flynn persuades them to admit him into ENCOM\'s buildings. There, he forges a higher security clearance for Bradley\'s program "Tron", which would monitor communications between the MCP and the outside world; whereupon the MCP uses an experimental laser to transfer Flynn into the ENCOM mainframe. In the mainframe, computer programs appear in the likeness of the human "users" who created them, and wield as their chief weapon an "identity disc" thrown at their enemies. Here, the MCP and its second-in-command, Sark ([[David Warner , seek control over input/output in the system. Programs resistant to their rule are forced to play in martial games in which the losers are destroyed. Imprisoned by Sark, Flynn meets Tron  and another program named Ram. Together, they escape their prison during a Light Cycle match. During their flight, Ram is mortally wounded and dies, but Flynn gradually discovers that, as a User, he is capable of manipulating the reality of the digital world. At an input/output junction, Tron communicates with Bradley and receives instructions about how to destroy the MCP. Tron, Flynn, and another program named Yori  board a "solar sailer simulation" to reach the MCP\'s core; but Sark\'s command ship destroys the sailer, capturing Flynn and Yori. Sark leaves the command ship and orders its destruction, but Flynn keeps it intact while Sark reaches the MCP\'s core on a shuttle, carrying captured programs. Tron then confronts Sark outside the core while the MCP attempts to consume the captives. Tron critically damages Sark and attacks the MCP; whereupon the MCP raises a shield around its core and re-empowers Sark against Tron, transferring all its powers to him. Flynn kisses Yori and then to circumvent the MCP, Flynn leaps into it, distracting it long enough to reveal a gap in its shield, through which Tron destroys it  with his disc. Input/output junctions are illuminated as programs begin to communicate with their users, and Flynn is reconstructed in the world. A nearby printer produces the evidence that Dillinger had plagiarized his creations; and Dillinger, entering his office, finds the proof broadcast and the MCP inactive. Flynn takes his place as executive of ENCOM, while Bradley and Baines remain his closest friends.'] ['The story centers on the lovable Eubie the Elf , whose quest is to bring Christmas joy to an entire town of naughty children in a gloomy little town called Bluesville. Bluesville is a dark miserable town completely surrounded by cliffs on all sides, completely blocking the sun so that it only shines on Bluesville for a short time, when it\'s directly over the town. Because the town is so dark and gloomy, people never smile, and are put off by seeing Eubie smiling all the time, as his optimistic happiness makes him stick out in the gloomy town. Because people are so miserable in Bluesville, nobody knows how to tell a joke properly. Most of the people work at a place known as "The What Factory", where all the world\'s question marks are manufactured . Also, at the Bluesville school, recess only lasts for one minute . Eubie talks to the mayor about what is wrong with Bluesville, he explains everything in a song. Eubie asks the mayor if there\'s anything about Bluesvill that makes him feel proud, to which the mayor replies that Bluesvill is the world\'s largest manufacturer of non-flammable coal, which children enjoy throwing at people. The mayor then makes a deal with Eubie. The mayor promises Eubie that if he can find another use for non-flammable coal, he\'ll put a Christmas tree up in the town square. Eubie\'s first plan on getting the kids to help him make Bluesville a happier place is having them gather on a busy street and start a pie fight, but that only makes all the people angry. To search for more help, Molly , one naughty 10-year-old, takes Eubie to downtown Bluesville, the most miserable part of Bluesville, for a meeting of a group called S.L.O.B. , which only has one member of its group. While there, Molly and Eubie meets up with Curtis , who is there because he brought along his foreign friend, Yope, who doesn\'t speak English, but is happy to be there. Molly soon decides that Eubie\'s plans are hopeless, and tells him to just take all his big ideas home. At the mention of that, Eubie gets another idea, and is about to implement it when the lights in the room go off and Eubie is taken back to the North Pole. In his bid to get Bluesville off the Naughty List, Eubie violated several rules in one day. As punishment, Santa had Eubie turn in his hat, which, at the North Pole, meant his Christmas happiness and powers were taken away. When Gilda , Eubie\'s friend, learns of this, she motivates him to go back to Bluesville to finish his job, and gives him her hat to restore his powers and happiness. He then returns to Bluesville and explains to the kids his plan, and why they should do it in the form of a song, they get to work. That night, they give the mayor of Bluesville a bottle of anti-snore medicine in his sleep, while Eubie spends the night waxing all the cliffs surrounding Bluesville. While he is doing this, Derek, another friend of his, notices Gilda doesn\'t have her hat on, he soon figures out what is going on and, trying to follow the North Pole rules, he notifies one of the higher-ups. When Eubie has finished waxing the cliffsides of Bluesville, he says to himself that he has one thing left to do, but before he can do that, the same elves who took him back to the North Pole the first time come back to retrieve him again. This time, both are put on punishment and are sentenced to clean up the toy factory, with both their hats taken away. Derek, now alone at the Christmas office party, is sad and mad with himself for betraying his friends, and confesses to what he did to Eubie and Gilda. They forgive him, but it only makes him feel worse about himself, considering what he did to them. While wondering what he can do to make it up to them, they have him do the one thing Eubie intended to do to finish making Bluesville a happier place. When the sun shines over Bluesville again, people once again expect it to only last it usual four seconds, but after it disappears over the cliffsides again, leaving the people disappointed at not having the sun shine on them longer, the sun reflects of the freshly waxed walls, filling the whole town of Bluesville experience more sun than it\'s ever had before, making them feel happier than they had ever been in their lives. At the What Factory, the machine had been tampered with, so rather than grey question marks, the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes, which pleasantly surprises the factory workers. At the school, when recess starts, the bell has an elve\'s shoe placed over the ringer, blocking it from ringing the bell, which makes the kids ecstatic that they can continue playing. Molly comes out of the school, where Derek meets her. He tells her to find the mayor and give him a jar of wax, and a piece of non-flammable cole that was squeezed into a diamond , and to tell her that Eubie was sorry he couldn\'t be there. Molly happily goes to leave the schoolyard to find the mayor, but stays for a while to allow Curtis to tell a story that\'s actually funny. Molly finds the mayor and shows him the items in question, showing the mayor that there was indeed another use for non-flammable coal, the mayor remembers back to when he was a child and the town had a Chrtmas tree with a star on top that shined just like the coal. The mayor makes good on his word, putting up a Christmas Tree in the town square. That Christmas, Santa decides to make Eubie, Gilda, and Derek his sleigh crew that year for bringing joy to Bluesville, which has soon changed its name to Joyville.'] ["The short starts in with Remy introducing himself and Emile to the audience and speaking on behalf of oppressed rats everywhere. Emile starts frowning about having to speak out, while Remy pulls a scroll and a two-dimensional animation starts by presenting the relation between a human and a rat in contrast with human-dog and human-cat relationships. Remy points out that humans regarded rats in former times as sacred and luck bringing. He says that during the Roman Empire if a white rat crosses your path, it brought good luck, while if a black rat crosses your path, it brought bad luck. He moves on to discussing black rats  and their connection to the Black Death, pointing out that it was caused by fleas not rats, resulting in the death of one third of Europe's population. Remy further presents the brown rat's  history, mentioning their part in ending the Black Death, their honorable position in the Chinese zodiac and their sacredness in India for being the transport vehicle of the Hindu god Ganesh. The symbiotic relationship between rats and humans is introduced before the second appearance of Remy and Emile in 3D animation. Emile pulls a scroll from the side and presents through 2D animation the benefits of rats for the human. He says that Jack Black was a rat catcher for Queen Victoria and that he kept the rats he captured as pets. Their use for laboratory testing and as pets show that they can have a good relationship with humans. Concluding the presentation Emile and Remy sing a song about the relationship between rats and humans. At the film's end, a long and drawn-out  disclaimer is shown asking children to stay away from rats, while Remy and Emile stand in front of it and try to remove it, urging the audience to ignore the warning and complaining about freedom of speech and lack of food, respectively."] [' In Scotland, King Fergus of Clan DunBroch presents his young daughter Merida with a bow for her birthday. While practicing, Merida encounters a will-o\'-the-wisp. Soon afterwards, Mor\'du, a giant demon bear, attacks the family. Merida escapes along with her mother Queen Elinor while Fergus fights off the bear at the cost of his left leg. Years later, Merida has become a free-spirited teenager and an older sister of identical triplets: Hamish, Hubert and Harris. Her mother informs her that Merida is to be betrothed to one of her father\'s allied clans. Reminding Merida of a legend about a prince who ruined his own kingdom, Elinor warns her that failure to marry could harm DunBroch, but Merida is dissatisfied with the arrangement. The clans arrive with their first-born sons to compete in Highland Games for Merida\'s hand. Merida declares she is eligible to compete for her own hand as the first-born of Clan DunBroch, causing a falling out between Merida and Elinor. When Merida cuts the family tapestry in anger, she flees into the woods. There, the will-o\'-the-wisps lead her to the hut of an elderly witch posing as a wood carver. After some bargaining, the witch agrees to give Merida a spell to change her mother; in the form of a cake. Merida returns to the castle and gives Elinor the cake, causing her mother to transform into a large bear. With the help of her brothers, Merida and Elinor return to the witch\'s now deserted cottage where they discover that the spell will be permanent unless undone by the second sunrise. The witch leaves Merida a riddle, mentioning that she must "mend the bond torn by pride." The two begin to reconcile their relationship while Merida observes that the spell is slowly becoming permanent, as Elinor often loses control and acts like a bear. After encountering the wisps again, the two follow them to ancient ruins and encounter Mor\'du, who they discover was once the prince in Elinor\'s legend who received the same spell from the witch. Merida theorizes that she can reverse the spell by repairing her family tapestry. At the castle, the clans are on the verge of war, but the princess quells their fighting. With the encouragement of her mother who uses charades to guide Merida through a speech, the princess declares that the children should be allowed to get married in their own time. Merida then sneaks into the tapestry room with Elinor, who is losing control of her human self. Fergus enters the bed chamber and is attacked by Elinor until she regains human consciousness and races out of the castle in desperation. Fergus gives chase. With the help of her brothers, who have transformed into cubs by eating the cake, Merida rides after her father while sewing up the tapestry. The clan members and Fergus capture Elinor, but Merida intervenes just before Mor\'du attacks. Elinor kills Mor\'du by luring him under a falling menhir, releasing the prince\'s spirit. Merida places the tapestry over Elinor, but nothing happens. After breaking down in tears and reconciling with her mother, Elinor is transformed back along with the triplets, and the family is reunited. A few days later, the clans depart for their respective lands and Merida and Elinor ride their horses together. In a post-credits scene, the witch\'s crow asks a castle guard to sign for a delivery of wooden carvings that Merida bought simultaneously with the spell.'] ['All day long, cheerful clouds in the sky make cute and cuddly babies, such as human boys and girls, kittens, puppies, and other creatures, and give them to storks for delivery to the expectant parents. However, one lonely gray cloud named Gus has the task of creating animals that are cute, but not so cuddly. His delivery stork named Peck gets the worst of it, being bitten by a crocodile, butted by a bighorn sheep, and pricked by a porcupine. When Peck sees that his next delivery is a baby shark, he grows more than a little fearful, and flies away. Feeling rejected, despondent, and angry, Gus unleashes a brief thunderstorm, then begins to cry with rain pouring from below him. Peck soon returns with a football helmet and shoulder pads, created for him by another cloud to keep him safe , proving that he was never going to abandon the gray cloud. Gus instantly cheers up and gives Peck an electric eel to deliver, which shocks him despite the protective equipment; this time, though, Peck remains in good  spirits.'] ['The film revisits classic characters like Hermey the Elf  and Rudolph, who is now famous at the Arctic tundra. Not satisfied with being a "freak show" performing tricks with his nose, he tags along when Hermey travels to the Island of Misfit Toys to give King Moonracer  a root canal. A storm sends Rudolph and Hermey to Castaway Cove where Rudolph considers having his nose made more normal-looking by Queen Camilla. Meanwhile The Evil Toy Taker is stealing all of the toys from the island, claiming that he\'s saving them from the inevitable fact that children eventually outgrow their toys and throw them out. It\'s up to Rudolph, Clarice, Hermey, Yukon Cornelius, and the Abominable Snow Monster to stop him.'] ["Focusing on the Madagacar penguins and taking place before the events of the first Madagascar, the youngest penguin on the team, Private, slips out of the zoo on Christmas Eve to find a present for a lonely polar bear named Ted. While roaming the streets of Manhattan, he is captured by Nana  who mistakes him for a chew toy for her vicious dog, Mr Chew. The other three penguins, Skipper, Kowalski, and Rico, rescue Private from the old lady's apartment before it is too late. They have an intense fight against Mr. Chew, all-the-while, not noticed by Nana, who is very occupied watching a football game. When they are done, they blow the door with dynamite, which is a running gag in the film, finally attracting Nana's attention and leaving Mr. Chew to take the fall for what the penguins have done to her place. At the end of the film they invite Ted to their home. But he has already invited several other guests, resulting in a massive sing-a-long to a parody of Jingle Bells."] [' The story is set in the Valley of Peace, a fictional land in ancient China inhabited by anthropomorphic animals. Po, a panda, is a kung fu fanatic who idolizes the Furious Five—Tigress, Monkey, Mantis, Viper, and Crane—a quintet of kung fu masters trained by the red panda Master Shifu to protect the valley. Because he works in his goose{{cite video}} father Mr. Ping\'s noodle restaurant, Po has been unable to achieve his dream of becoming a kung fu master himself. One day, Shifu\'s mentor, the old tortoise Oogway, has a vision that the evil snow leopard Tai Lung, will escape from prison and return to the Valley of Peace to take revenge for being denied the Dragon Scroll, which is said to hold the secret to limitless power. Shifu is greatly alarmed, and sends his messenger, Zeng, to prevent Tai Lung\'s escape. He then holds a kung fu tournament for the Furious Five so that Oogway may identify the legendary Dragon Warrior, the one kung fu master worthy of receiving the Dragon Scroll and capable of defeating Tai Lung. Forced to take a cumbersome noodle cart to the tournament, Po arrives after the doors to the arena close and is unable to enter. Desperate to see the Dragon Warrior be chosen, Po straps himself to a set of fireworks and rockets into the sky. Po crashes into the middle of the arena at the moment when Oogway is to point out the Dragon Warrior. To the surprise of everyone present, Oogway chooses Po. Unwilling to believe that a "big, fat panda" could be the Dragon Warrior, Shifu tries to dispatch Po by ridiculing him into quitting his training with the Furious Five, who similarly despise and mock Po for his lack of skill in kung fu. However, after receiving helpful advice from Oogway, Po endures his grueling training and slowly begins to endear himself to the Five with his tenacity, culinary skill, and good humor. It is only then that Po discovers who Tai Lung really is. He is Shifu\'s adopted son, who Shifu loved very dearly. However, after Oogway refused him the Dragon Scroll he turned on the valley and his masters, and Shifu was left extremely embittered and now treats The Five, including Tigress, his foster daughter, distantly and harshly so that history won\'t repeat itself. Meanwhile, Tai Lung escapes from prison as foreseen by Oogway, ironically picking his locks with a feather from Zeng. Shifu learns of Tai Lung\'s escape and informs Oogway, who extracts a promise from Shifu to train Po and then ascends to heaven in a cloud of peach blossoms. Still unable to grasp the basics of kung fu and confessing a crippling self-loathing, Po despairs that he has no chance of defeating Tai Lung. Shifu, however, discovers that Po is capable of impressive physical feats when motivated by food, as proved when he somehow ascends ten feet to a high shelf to retrieve some almond cookies. Using food as positive reinforcement, Shifu successfully trains Po to incorporate these feats into a makeshift yet effective kung fu style, which also improves the giant panda\'s strength of spirit. At the same time, the Furious Five set out to stop Tai Lung themselves, only to be overwhelmed and defeated by Tai Lung\'s nerve strikes. Shifu decides that Po is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll, but the scroll reveals nothing but a blank, reflective surface. In despair, Shifu orders Po and the Five to evacuate the valley while he delays Tai Lung as long as possible in a fight to the death. Distraught, The Five and Po follow Shifu\'s direction, even though they know he won\'t come out alive. Po finds his father who, in an attempt to console him, reveals that the long-withheld secret ingredient to his famous "secret ingredient soup" is nothing, explaining that things become special if people believe them to be. Realizing that this concept is the entire point of the Dragon Scroll, Po returns to confront Tai Lung, who has reached the palace and gravely injured Shifu, very nearly killing him. Po proves to be a formidable challenge for Tai Lung as he tries to protect the Dragon Scroll, especially as Po\'s fat renders Tai Lung\'s nerve strikes useless, and Po\'s unorthodox style is deeply confusing to his traditionally-trained enemy. Though the Dragon Scroll eventually falls into Tai Lung\'s hands, he is unable to understand or accept its symbolic meaning, and Po ultimately defeats him using the secret Wuxi Finger Hold. Po is praised by the Valley of Peace and earns the respect of the Furious Five, who fully acknowledge him as a true kung fu master. Po finds a half dead Shifu, who finally expresses his belief in him, and finally attains inner peace, knowing that his mistake has been corrected and that the valley is safe once more.'] ['As a cub, Alex the Lion was called Alakay and was the son of Zuba , the alpha lion. Though Zuba tries to teach Alakay to be a hunter, the cub is more interested in dancing, and is captured by poachers when Makunga , Zuba\'s rival, challenges Zuba to a fight for the position of alpha lion. Alakay is forced into a crate, and taken away despite Zuba\'s attempts to rescue him. The crate falls into the ocean where it drifts to New York. There, Alakay is renamed Alex and sent to the Central Park Zoo where he grew up, meeting Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, and Gloria the Hippopotamus. The events of the first film are then described through a series of news flashes. In the present time, Alex the Lion , Marty the Zebra , Melman the Giraffe , Gloria the Hippopotamus , the Penguins Skipper (voiced by [[Tom McGrath , Kowalski (voiced by [[Chris Miller , Private , and Rico , the Chimpanzees Mason  and Phil, and even the Lemurs King Julien , Maurice , and Mort  board a repaired airplane to fly back to New York. The plane takes off, but crash-lands in continental Africa. In Africa the animals are amazed to find more of their kind. Alex is reunited with Zuba and his mother. Marty fits in with a herd of zebra who all look and sound exactly like him. Hypochondriac Melman becomes a witch doctor. Gloria attracts the attention of a smooth-talking hippo named Moto Moto . Meanwhile, the penguins set about repairing the plane. They carjack several jeeps under "Operation Tourist Trap", leaving the tourists stranded in the jungle. Nana , a tough old woman known for beating up Alex in the first film, takes charge of the group ("We are [[Survivor . Unfortunately, life in Africa is not as wonderful as it first seemed. Makunga, still determined to take the position of alpha lion, reminds Zuba that Alex must complete a traditional coming-of-age challenge that he did not complete. Alex, thinking that the challenge is a dance contest  competes against the strongest lion, Teetsi  who was recommended by Makunga and loses quickly. To avoid banishing his own son for failing, Zuba relinquishes his title as Alpha lion. Makunga immediately takes the position and ousts Alex and his family. Marty, meanwhile, begins to feel upset because there is nothing unique about him. Melman is happy until he learns that he has the same symptoms that apparently caused the previous witch doctor to die. Melman is also forlorn about Gloria dating Moto Moto, as Melman has secretly loved her for a long time. Gloria goes on a date with Moto Moto and quickly realizes that he only loves her for her large body. The next day, the animals panic when the watering hole dries up. Determined to make up for his earlier failure, Alex and Marty leave the reserve to investigate. They discover that the stranded New Yorkers, under the instruction of Nana, have dammed up the river and built a primitive civilization. Alex is captured by a trap, forcing Marty to abandon him to seek help. Meanwhile, Zuba hears from Makunga what Alex did and goes to assist him. Back on the reserve, King Julien suggests that the animals offer a sacrifice in the volcano, Mount Kilimanjaro, to appease the water gods. Believing that he will die soon, Melman volunteers to be sacrificed. Gloria stops him just in time and Marty arrives to tell them about Alex. The trio, the penguins, and several chimpanzees use the newly-fixed plane to execute a rescue. However, Alex has already managed to rescue both himself and his father by dancing for the New Yorkers, who fondly remember him from the zoo. The other animals arrive to pick them up with the plane , and together they all destroy the dam, freeing the water. Meanwhile, back at the volcano, Mort turns up after being chased through the jungle by a shark. The shark falls into the volcano, completing the sacrifice  and causing King Julien to think that he brought back the water. As the watering hole fills, Makunga angrily makes a stand for control. However, Alex manages to remove Makunga from power by tricking Nana into attacking him. Zuba gives the alpha position to Alex, but Alex refuses, resulting in both father and son becoming co-leaders. The movie ends as Skipper marries a bobble-head hula doll from the plane and leaves on a honeymoon in Monte Carlo with the chimpanzees, and a huge tub of diamonds and gold, leaving Alex, Marty, Melman, Gloria and The Lemurs to happily remain in Africa with Alex\'s parents.'] ['A documentary crew follows the events of Cody Maverick , a teenage rockhopper penguin who has wanted to be a professional surfer ever since a visit from surf legend Zeke "Big Z" Topanga several years ago. When a talent scout shorebird named Mikey  arrives to find entrants for the "Big Z Memorial" surfing contest, Cody jumps at the chance despite lackluster support from his family. En-route to the contest, Cody befriends another entrant, Chicken Joe . The entrants arrive at Pen Gu Island, the site of the contest, where Cody meets -- and immediately falls in love with -- Lani , a female penguin who is a lifeguard. He also meets Tank "The Shredder" Evans , an egotistical penguin who has won the Big Z Memorial nine times since it was held after Z\'s disappearance during a previous match 10 years ago. Cody sees Tank disrespecting Big Z\'s memorial shrine and then Tank attacks Chicken Joe. Cody immediately challenges Tank to a surfing duel, which Tank easily wins while Cody nearly drowns. Lani rescues Cody and takes him to her uncle, the "Geek" , to help Cody recover from his injuries. Cody wakes up and panics when he can\'t find the souvenir necklace he got as a kid from Big Z. Geek downplays the necklace, but decides to return it when he later finds it in his hut. Geek finds Cody sitting on an koa log and offers to teach him to make a perfect surfboard. They attempt to take the log back to Geek\'s house, only to lose control of it and end up on a beach away from the contest. When Cody gets to the beach, they discover a shack full of old trophies and surfboards, which are actually Z\'s old belongings. He spots Geek watching all those things, and he realizes that Geek is actually Z, the same surfer he had idolized all those years, and asks Z to teach him to surf. Reluctantly, Z agrees, but says that Cody has to make his own board first. The attempt doesn\'t go well, however, as an impatient Cody doesn\'t listen to Z\'s advice about using long, smooth strokes and makes a board that shatters as soon as he tries to enter the water. Frustrated, he storms off, running into Lani, who eventually persuades him to return. That night, a calmer, more patient Cody works on a new board, finishing it by morning, falling asleep. Z compliments Cody on his board, but when Cody is eager to start training, Z instead has him do seemingly menial tasks unrelated to surfing. Cody loses his patience with Z only playing with him, but when Z is asleep, he places him on the board and pushes him into the water. Z asks him did he had fun, and when Cody tells "yes", Z takes him to the water. Z teaches Cody, telling him to surf the waves with long, smooth strokes, just like making the board. Lani comes in and joins them. Cody then asks Z if he\'ll come watch the contest, but Z refuses, saying he faked his disappearance because he realized he couldn\'t compete with Tank, and that he was tired. Upset that Z just gave up, Cody leaves, meets up with Chicken Joe, and gets back to the contest just as it begins. Tank easily makes the finals, as do Cody and Joe, and Joe turning out to be a natural born surfer. In the semi-finals, Tank battles with Cody, with Tank playing with him, but he falls of the board and loses. Cody and Joe make it to the finals. During the finals, however, Tank bursts in and tries to cause Joe to wipe out. Cody intervenes at the last minute, sending him and Tank out of bounds on the rocks. Tank wipes out and is rescued by Lani while Z, who had been secretly watching Cody\'s performance, helps Cody get back to the beach. Z and Cody find out that Chicken Joe won by default since Tank and Cody were disqualified. Cody no longer cares about winning, however, having decided he\'d rather just have fun instead. Z reveals himself to the audience and invites all the spectators to surf. Cody finishes his interview and joins the rest of his friends in the water. During the end credits, the film crew interviews Cody\'s mother and older brother Glenn. Cody\'s mom says she doesn\'t mind that Cody didn\'t win, but Glenn still sees Cody as a loser, causing his mom to lecture him. In disgust, Glenn ends the interview, and is later seen carelessly tossing the crew\'s expensive equipment out the window. He then says, "Go back to Hollywood!"'] ['Elina, a wingless flower fairy, and her puffball friend Bibble watch their fairy friend Dandelion fly with three pixies. The pixies make fun of Elina for having no wings, but Elina ignores their taunting. Dandelion, however, defends Elina by fluttering her wings so hard that the small pixies are blown away. They later come back to warn Dandelion and Elina to go home "where it\'s safe". This is so they don\'t get kidnapped by someone named Laverna . Elina thinks that Laverna is a myth, but Dandelion is unsure so she goes home to ask her mother. Elina and Bibble go back to Peony, where her flower home is. Elina talks to Bibble about what the pixies said, but she thinks Topaz is too powerful to get kidnapped, as she is a guardian. Bibble is asleep, and Elina is still feeling uneasy, but Peony plays a lullaby for her, and she falls asleep. However, Topaz really has been kidnapped by Laverna. Laverna plans to kidnap all of the guardians, and then take over Fairytopia. Laverna calls her minions, Fungus, who reveal Laverna\'s formula. It had the power to weaken every flying creature in Fairytopia if they breathed it in; they would become so weak they would lose the power to fly. As she speaks, Laverna\'s minions are in all seven regions of Fairytopia and unleashing the formula. She thinks no one can stop her, as she is the only one with an antidote. Her main plan is to give everyone the antidote, and then everyone will love her for it and let her be their queen. In the morning, Bibble has to wake up Elina because Peony didn\'t sing to wake them up. Elina goes outside and sees that Peony, as well as all the other fairy homes, are sick. Dandelion comes to see Elina and tells her that some of the fairies are having trouble flying, and Topaz is gone; the closest guardian is Azura, and she is far away, in Fairytown. Elina thinks that she has to go to Fairytown to see Azura, but Dandelion doesn\'t think it is a good idea; Elina has never left the meadow before, and it takes hours to get to Fairytown, even if you have wings. Elina really thinks she can\'t actually get there, but Bibble and Dandelion volunteer to join her, and they leave the Magic Meadow. The trio enter a spooky forest and Dandelion flies up high to see if she can see a way out. When she is higher up, she breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and can\'t fly. Elina realizes that Dandelion is getting sick, and it would be too hard for Dandelion to walk like Elina, as Elina was used to walking. She urges Dandelion to go home before dark to avoid panicking her mother, so Dandelion leaves Elina and Bibble. Meanwhile, Laverna has kidnapped another guardian: Ruby. He remains loyal to the Enchantress, Laverna\'s sister, and the ruler of Fairytopia. Laverna shows Topaz and Ruby the state the Enchantress is in, and it turns out she is very weak because of the formula. Laverna urges Ruby to take advantage of her hospitality, like Topaz, who keeps eating food from Laverna. Elina and Bibble get out of the forest and encounter a new place where all of the flowers are wilting. Elina jumps up to one of the highest flowers to get a view of the horizon. Bibble flies in front of a flower that is like a tunnel, so they go inside it. At the end of the tunnel is the City Hall of Fairytown, but it is closed. They tells the man there that they need to see Azura but she is not there. A guardian named Larkspur comes and the man working in the city hall tells him that Ruby, and another guardian named Amethyst, have been kidnapped. He has to find Azura immediately, so Elina and Bibble take advantage of this and follow him. Elina and Bibble grab onto a flower and it floats after Larkspur, but they crash. They see Azura\'s house, but it is surrounded by guards. Elina and Bibble hide in a flower, but Azura spots them and tells them to leave. Elina tells Azura that they came all the way from Fairytopia, so Azura tells Elina to come closer. She sees a rainbow in Elina\'s eye for a second, and is shocked. She invites Elina into her house, and gives her food and shelter. Azura tells Elina that the rainbow in her eyes means she is destined for great things. When Elina goes to bed, Azura tells her that all of Fairytopia is in trouble and it is down to Laverna. In the morning she will leave to speak to a dryad named Dahlia, who lives in the Wildering Wood. Azura asks Elina to take care of her necklace. In the morning, Azura wakes up Bibble by tickling his belly and asks him to find Hue, who lives in the south; he needs to be given an important scroll. After that, Azura is about to leave, but is kidnapped by Fungus. Elina looks outside when she wakes up and sees that the guards have been tied up. A stout fairy thinks Elina has caused the trouble, so Elina runs away and gets helped by Hue, who has large wings and carries Elina to the Wildering Wood. In Laverna\'s lair, the Fungus arrive with Azura, and Laverna notices that Azura isn\'t wearing her necklace. The Fungus tell Laverna that wingless fairy had it. Laverna realizes that Elina wouldn\'t be affected by the forumla, as she couldn\'t fly. All of the Fungus are ordered to find Elina. Meanwhile, Hue tells Elina that after a day they will be in the Wildering Wood. However, they encounter some of Laverna\'s firebirds. To escape them, Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cove. Hue disturbs some relaxing mermaids when he flies too low, including Prince Nalu. Prince Nalu yells at Hue but stops when he sees Elina. Hue insists that the firebirds won\'t come down as they hate water, but they do. Prince Nalu throws them some special seaweed that will let them breathe underwater, so they all eat some. They swim with Prince Nalu to safety and he points them to the Wildering Wood. The prince hopes he can see Elina again, leading to Bibble making fun of them. They get on Hue but he breathes in some of Laverna\'s formula and Elina orders him to land so he can rest. She asks Bibble to stay with Hue and she goes to find Dahlia by herself. When Elina is by herself, she begins doubting herself and comparing herself to Azura, a great guardian. Some happy trolls appear who will lead Elina to Dahlia. They go a long way, but still only see sick trees. Azura\'s necklace starts glowing and it "calls" Dahlia. The happy trolls leave and Dahlia says she can\'t help Elina; she doesn\'t want to help the guardians as the last time she tried to help them, none of them believed she was good except for Azura, as she had been working with Laverna. Azura believed that Dahlia would know how to defeat Laverna because of this, but Dahlia doesn\'t want to risk herself for Fairytopia. Elina convinces her otherwise and they go back to Hue and Bibble. Hue and Bibble insist on coming with Elina and Dahlia and they start to go after Laverna. In Laverna\'s lair, she has all the guardians kidnapped. Laverna places a crystal in her throne and the guardian\'s necklaces feel the presence of Azura\'s necklace, which is with Elina. Laverna knows she is near, so she orders the Fungus to get her. Dahlia tells Elina that, when she had left Laverna, Laverna had created a device that used the strength of her royal bloodline to suck the powers from the fairy guardian\'s necklaces, and transfer them to herself. She doesn\'t know how it works, but she knew that the "union point" would be the weakness. The group arrives at Laverna\'s lair, and they can\'t go in the air because of the firebirds. Their plan is to go in and find the union point, but Elina wants to go by herself as she has Azura\'s necklace. While Elina is running over to the lair, she almost gets caught by the Fungus, but Hue flies in with Dahlia to distract them. When Bibble tries to distract them he is captured. Elina makes it to the lair, and Dahlia, Bibble, and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus. When the Fungus leave, Elina finds them and tells Laverna to let them go. Laverna will only let them go if Elina gives her the necklace, but she refuses. Laverna sees the rainbow in Elina\'s eye, and tells her she could have wings if she went to Laverna\'s side. With the wings Laverna gave her, Elina becomes brainwashed. Laverna tells Elina that, together, they can have what they want; Laverna will rule Fairytopia, and Elina will have wings, with everything in her world as she remembered it. Laverna tells Elina to put Azura\'s necklace around Azura\'s neck, and Elina will get everything she\'s ever wanted. The guardians\' necklaces make them lose their powers and they start transferring to Laverna. Elina puts the necklace on Azura and snaps out of her brainwashed mindset, and sees that the union point is where the crystal is. She takes the necklace off Azura and throws it at the crystal, breaking it. The guardians get their powers back. Laverna, her throne, and her sceptre disappear. The guardians are safe. Back in the Magic Meadow, the pixies are flying again, and everyone is glad to see Elina. Hue comes to see Elina, and so does the Enchantress. She thanks Elina and her friends for saving everyone, and says that Elina has earned a great gift. The Enchantress gives Elina a rainbow colored necklace and flies away. The necklace begins to glow and Elina gets beautiful, pink wings. She flies with her own wings for the first time, and Elina, Dandelion, Hue and Bibble fly together.'] ['An underachieving bluestreak cleaner wrasse named Oscar  is fantasized about being rich and famous while making his way to work by following in his dad\'s footsteps as a tongue scrubber at the local Whale Wash. Soon after arriving he is called to the office of his boss, a puffer fish named Sykes , to discuss the fact that he owes "five thousand clams" and has to pay it back by the next day. After explaining this to his best friend Angie who is an angelfish , she offers him a chance to pay back the money by pawning a pink pearl that was a gift from her Grandmother. Oscar brings the money to the race track to meet Sykes, but becomes distracted by his wishes of grandeur and, upon hearing that the race is rigged, places it all on a long-shot bet by the name of "Lucky Day". Such a million dollar bet is noticed nearby by a beautiful lionfish named Lola , who flagrantly seduces an excited Oscar, but Oscar is very disappointed when she leaves once Sykes tells her he is a whale washer. Sykes is furious that Oscar bet the money but nonetheless agrees to see how the race turns out. Moments before their "horse", "Lucky Day" crosses the finish line he trips and falls on line. The race is lost and Oscar is set to be punished in a secluded area for his impulsiveness. Meanwhile, on another side of the ocean, in the wreck of the RMS Titanic, a family of criminally-inclined great white sharks has a problem with one of their sons, Lenny   . Lenny refuses to act the part of a killer and wishes to not have to live up to those expectations. Finally his father, Don Lino  loses patience and orders Lenny\'s more savage big brother Frankie  to show Lenny the ropes. As the two sharks set out to go in accordance with their father\'s wishes, Frankie spots the scene where Oscar is being electrocuted by Ernie and Bernie , Sykes\' two Jamaican Physalia physalis thugs, and sends Lenny off to attack. The jellyfish spot Lenny and swim off, leaving Oscar alone with him. Lenny frees Oscar but fails to trick Frankie, who becomes annoyed and charges at Oscar when an anchor falls and kills him. Lenny flees, overcome with grief and guilt. As no one saw the deed done and Oscar was seen near the body, everyone thinks he did it, and Oscar sees this as the chance to both redeem himself and receive his fame. Oscar comes back to the city with a new title of the Sharkslayer. Sykes becomes his manager, Lola becomes his girlfriend, and Oscar moves to the "top of the reef" to live in luxury. At the same time, Don Lino has everyone out looking for Lenny, and when several get close to Oscar\'s town the other fish expect him to drive them away. On the way he meets Lenny once more who forces Oscar to let him stay with him because he does not want to go home. Soon Angie finds out about the lie and threatens to tell everyone but Oscar and Lenny convince her to keep quiet. Although Oscar desires to please everyone, he soon discovers that he pleases no one; his paramour Angie is heartbroken by the fact that Oscar is no longer honest, while her hedonistic rival Lola repeatedly reminds Oscar that he has her only as long as he is famous. With Don Lino planning revenge, Oscar and Lenny stage an event where Lenny pretends to terrorize the town and Oscar must defeat him, throwing him into the depths of the ocean. Though this further cements Oscar as the Sharkslayer, it greatly angers Don Lino. Oscar leaves Lola for Angie after Angie reveals that she had feelings for Oscar even before he became famous, but this leaves Lola determined to get revenge. Oscar buys some Valentine\'s Day gifts for Angie, but before he can present them to her, he finds that Don Lino has kidnapped Angie in order to force a sit-down. Lenny comes along, now disguised as a dolphin named Sebastian. They arrive at the meeting to find Lola next to Don Lino, while Angie is bound and gagged with duct tape and presented to Don Lino on a plate, who prepares to eat her if Oscar doesn\'t comply. Oscar just laughs and Lenny as "Sebastian" lunges forward to scoop Angie into his mouth, freeing her from Don Lino and giving Oscar dominance over the sharks. However, he spends too much time threatening the sharks and doesn\'t realize how much pain Lenny is in, and Angie is regurgitated onto the table. Don Lino suddenly realizes it\'s Lenny and proceeds to chase Oscar through the reef, but Oscar heads for the whale wash and ends up trapping both sharks. Given an ovation by the other fish, Oscar finally has enough and confesses that he is not a "Sharkslayer" and that it was the anchor that had killed Frankie. He then stated to Don Lino that everyone likes Lenny for the way he is, strongly urging him not to prejudge people before he knows them properly and to not make the mistake he made in prejudging his wealth. Realizing that Oscar is right, Don Lino apologizes to Lenny and reconciles with him while making peace with Oscar, stating that he and his gang bear him no ill will. Oscar forsakes all the wealth he has acquired, makes peace with the sharks, becomes manager of the Whale Wash , and starts dating Angie and starts to have a happy, honest life. In the post-credits scene, Lola comes to see Oscar in the top of the reef, wanting to make amends with him for what she did, but all she finds is a hermit named Crazy Joe waiting for her.'] ['A futuristic look at a terrifying Europe where the world is running out of oil. A gigantic underground network is created by joining all the various undergrounds together underneath Europe. Roger  from a suburb of Stockholm avoids the underground because he finds it disturbing. Sometimes when he is too near the underground, he hears a strange voice in his head. One day Roger stumbles upon the truth that his life is controlled in every detail. In order to break free he combines forces with super-model Nina .'] ['Snow White and her family, Queen Grace and King Cole are going around the city waving at people. Queen Grace shows Snow White how to help peasants. In her room, Queen Grace quotes "Remember, the mirror tells half the story" as "beauty is given by helping others". Queen Graces coughs badly in front of Snow White and the king fears that Queen Grace had gotten ill. One day, Queen Grace\'s hand falls as a sign that her heart had stopped and that she is dead. Since Queen Grace died earlier when Snow White was young, she had never taught Snow White how to help peasants. Since then, Snow White turns into a misguided teenager who only likes to hang out with her friends: Goldilocks, Little Bo Peep, and Little Red Riding Hood than help peasants instead. When Snow White visits an orphanage, she decides to go to a joust party instead. Her father tells her that she must return before morning. Snow White accepts but she has to wear the royal robe. Although in the party, she takes it off and leaves it in the limo and also cuts in line. She meets this handsome man and she falls in love with him. Although, he doesn\'t seem to fall back in love because Snow White does not help like he does. When Snow White returns, her father seems to be upset because she did not wear the robe . Snow White weeps about him being unfair and runs to her room. Her father notices her misguided side and decides to find a wife like Queen Grace to show Snow White how to become a proper lady. His assistant goes to Fairy Godmother for help where she begins a marriage service. Meanwhile, Lady Vain goes to her magic mirror and becomes into Queen Grace by the figures. She goes to the marriage service and the king accepts her not knowing that Lady Vain is truly a horrible scheming witch who wants to rule the kingdom. Snow White is a thorn to Lady Vain\'s side and she wants Snow White to be gone from the kingdom. When Lady Vain has Rumpelstiltskin  give Snow White a fake make-over, they give her an apple that makes her say the rudest things she had ever thought to the whole town, including the king. Snow White wakes up not remembering what had happened or what she had said and decides to visit her friends. The major gossip is around town forcing Snow White to leave and runs to the forest. She enters a house and eats and then falls asleep on seven small beds. When she wakes up, she finds the Seven Dwarfs completely enrage of her coming inside without permission. One notices her to be Queen Grace\'s daughter and they make a plan to turn Snow White like her helping mother. Snow White agrees to do whatever the Dwarfs tell her to do without questioning them or whining back. They go to help rebuilt the Three Little Pigs\' homes after being blown by the Big Bad Wolf. She also helps a lady to turn into the most beautiful woman ever. And she helps baby-sit her children. During baby-sitting, Snow White sings to her children the same lullaby her mother used to sing to her when she was young and realizes that helping others makes her and them feel good. With that, she starts her own Snow White\'s Helping Business. The Seven Dwarfs are nowhere to be found after that. Meanwhile at the kingdom, everyone is excited to meet Lady Vain, who\'s wedding with the king will begin at midnight. She hires two bodyguards because she\'s "not used to be around with people". Sir Peter, who is one of the body-guards finds out about Lady Vains\' evil scheming of getting rid of Snow White forever and runs to the woods to find her. He finds her reducing Pinocchio\'s nose and rebuilding Humpty Dumpty. At first, Snow White does not want to go, but soon she agrees. They make it just in time thanks to the help of Mambo and Munk and enters the wedding. Without being noticed, Snow White goes in front of the alter and tells her father that if he wants to marry Lady Vain it is his choice and not hers. Her father responses "All I want is my daughter back" as the crowd awes. Lady Vain, who is disgusted and doesn\'t want Snow White back, says that Snow White is still the horrible misguided teenager and has not changed at all. The peasants who Snow White helped appear to save Snow White. Lady Vain starts to get the magic mirror into zapping the people but the zap gets zapped back to the magic mirror, breaking the spell of Lady Vain\'s beauty and disfiguring her nose. Before the guards could take Lady Vain away, Snow White comes to her and tells her "You don\'t need to be a queen to be beautiful," and the Seven Dwarfs come to take her away instead. The film ends with Snow White, Peter, and her father dancing.'] ["The short involves a character named André being awakened in a forest by a pesky bee named Wally B. André distracts the bee so that he can run away. Wally B. chases André and eventually catches up with him then stings him off the screen. Wally B. later reappears with a bent stinger. Soon though, Wally B. gets hit by André's tossed hat as a last laugh."] ['Set in a lonely city on a rainy night, the film takes place in a bicycle shop  that is closed for the night. In the corner of the shop sleeps Red, a red unicycle who languishes in the "clearance corner", waiting to be purchased. As the camera zooms on him, the sound of rain falling turns into a drumroll, and we go into the dream-sequence. In his dream, Red is being ridden by a circus clown  as part of a juggling act. The clown enters the ring, accompanied by a fanfare, expecting a huge applause, but instead receives only a few scattered claps from different parts of the  audience. Nevertheless, Lumpy starts juggling three balls whilst riding Red, occasionally dropping them as he does. However, Red slides out from underneath Lumpy  and spikes the balls back to him with his bike pedals. The confused clown ponders this for only a second before continuing on with his act. At this point, Red is forced to catch another ball which Lumpy unintentionally throws across the ring. Lumpy continues to ride in the air while juggling the other two balls while Red bounces the green ball up and down. Eventually Lumpy comes to a sudden realization, and looks between his legs, only to discover he\'s been riding on nothing before he falls to the ground . Red catches the other two balls and begins juggling all three of them, and then balances them on top of each other, after which he receives an uproarous applause. But then the sound of clapping turns into the sound of rain, and Red awakens, left to face bleak reality. Depressed, he returns to the corner where he was previously resting, and goes back to sleep. The short ends with the final image of the neon sign for "Eben\'s Bikes".'] ["Bunny, an elderly female rabbit, lives alone in a small cabin in the forest. While baking a cake one night, she is continually bothered by a large moth that keeps flying around her kitchen. No matter what she does, she cannot get rid of the intruder; she is especially annoyed when it runs into a photograph, taken many years ago, of herself and her late husband on their wedding day. Eventually she knocks it into the cake batter, which she quickly pours into a pan and shoves into the oven. She then sets the kitchen timer and falls asleep, only to be awakened by loud rumblings and blue-white light coming from the oven, whose door soon falls open. Crawling inside, she finds herself confronted by the moth and begins to float through an otherworldly space toward the source of the light, with a pair of giant moth wings sprouting from her back to propel her as the insect leads her along. She is soon revealed to be among dozens of moths being drawn to the light. The film ends with a close-up of the wedding photo, which comes to life as the younger Bunny nestles her head contentedly on her husband's shoulder; the shadows and reflections of two moths play across the image as well. During his introduction to the film on the Ice Age DVD, Wedge offers his interpretation of these events. Bunny dies in her sleep, and the oven serves as a gateway to the afterlife. Her spirit is instinctively drawn into it, as a moth going toward a bright light, and reunited with that of her husband."] ['Bibble is worried that he will embarrass himself and won\'t belong with his friend\'s friends, so Elina  tells him the story of Mariposa, a butterfly fairy who lives in far-off Flutterfield, a remote kingdom in Fairytopia populated by fairies with butterfly wings. Henna, the evil butterfly fairy and the attendant of the queen of Flutterfield, has poisoned the queen in an attempt to take over the kingdom. Due to this, the lights protecting Flutterfield are in danger of going out, as they go out only when the queen is dead. These lights protect Flutterfield from the "Skeezites", monsters who eat butterfly fairies,and are afraid of light. It is up to Mariposa and her friends/employers, Rayna and Rayla, to find an antidote to save the queen. They first travel according to the map, but when night falls, they are far from Flutterfield, and the Skeezites appear. They engage in a long chase scene, but Mariposa, Rayna and Rayla escape through a gate of red plants. However, the map gets chomped by an Skeezite. Mariposa remembers that there was a sun picture on the map, and she concludes that they should travel east, as toward the rising sun. They then arrive at the Wilderness, and encounter a little flying rabbit named Zinzie, who is a great thrower and loves fluttercorn, and leads them to a mermaid statue in exchange for a packet of fluttercorn. They end up all diving into a lake and find mermaids. Mariposa asks them to tell her the whereabouts of the Cave of Reflections, and the mermaids agree to help them, but they ask for one thing in exchange: Concho shells. However, little merbabies are sleeping and use these shells as pillows, and it is revealed that if you wake the baby, the baby cries and wakes a sea monster. Rayla finds a plant, and wraps it until it bears the shape of the conch shells. They gently swap the shells with the plant, but one of the babies is tickled on the nose by a little leaf that was not wrapped properly, and the baby wakes and starts crying. This wakes the other babies, who as well start crying, waking the sea monster. While Mariposa delivers the concho shells to the mermaids, Rayna, Zinzie and Rayla try to escape the sea monster by swimming in different directions. The mermaids help in the end, and they all escape the sea monster. Meanwhile, Queen Marabella has fallen ill, and the guards captured the prince who was trying to find the antidote. The Queen\'s captain of the guards holds him in an conversation, and another fairy sought the prince and freed him. That fairy is Willa, Mariposa\'s best friend. She tells the prince that she has spotted Henna doing evil things. So they decide to follow her, and the two find out that she had taken control over Skeezites by mixing a strange liquid and thistleburst; moreover, they discover that Henna was plotting to take over Flutterfield all this time. The mermaids tell the four braves where to find the Cave of Reflections, and they fly towards it eagerly, but find that the cave was guarded by Skeezites. Zinzie manages to trick the Skeezites, and the four escape into the cave. There, they find their reflections talking back to themselves. They finally meet the Fairy of the Cave, who leads the group to different sections, where she proclaims each time "one of you must stay behind". Mariposa was left as the last one, and the cave fairy guides her toward a place filled with stars. She tells that one star hold the antidote she needs. Mariposa eventually finds one , in which she used the archer\'s star pattern to locate it. This hints that this was the correct star, and for that reason, Mariposa is presented with larger, more beautiful sparkling wings. The four heroines arrive back just in time when the Skeezites start attacking everyone at the Royal fairy castle. Mariposa eventually discovers that it was Henna who poisoned the queen, so she races to cure her with the antidote. Henna tries stopping Mariposa from foiling her plans, but Mariposa eventually manages to heal Marabella before she dies. Henna leaves and goes away with the Skeezites under the pretense of not getting caught, thus fleeing from the light. After the big save, Queen Marabella presents each of the heroines with a crown of flowers. Since then, Mariposa felt she belonged, having learned that being herself is the best thing in life.'] ['The film will feature a comedic story about a friendship between the village-boy Kuba and his goat in medieval Prague. In Prague, Kuba falls in love with Máca, a worldly girl. The Goat begins to envy this relationship. Their story intertwines with that of the poor student Matěj Tale from Faust House and his contract with the Devil.'] ['In the small town of Oakey Oaks, Chicken Little rings the school bell and cries for everyone to run for their lives. This sends the whole town into a frenzied panic. Eventually they calm down enough to ask him what\'s wrong, and he explains that a piece of the sky shaped like a stop sign had fallen on his head when he was sitting under the big oak tree in the town square. However, he is unable to find the piece. His father, Buck Cluck, assumes that this "piece of sky" was just an acorn that had fallen off the tree and had hit him on the head. Chicken Little becomes the laughing stock of the town. A year later, Chicken Little has become infamous in the town for being crazy. His only friends are outcasts like himself: Abby Mallard, who has a crush on him; Runt of the Litter, who is extremely large; and Fish Out of Water, who wears a helmet full of tap water. Trying to help, Abby tells Chicken Little to talk to his father, but he really just wants his dad to be proud of him. Instead, he joins his school\'s baseball team in an attempt to recover his reputation and his father\'s pride, but is made last until the ninth inning of the last game. Chicken Little is reluctantly called to bat by the coach, even though he is certain that he will lose the game for them. Little is able to hit the ball and make it past first, second, and third bases but is met at home plate by the outfielders. He tries sliding onto home plate but is touched by the ball. It is presumed that he lost the game, but the umpire brushes away the dust to reveal that Chicken Little\'s foot was just barely touching home plate, thus declaring Little safe and the game won. Little is hailed as a hero for winning the pennant. But that night back at home, he is hit on the head by the same "piece of the sky" — only to find out that it is not a piece of the sky but a device which blends into the background . He calls his friends over to help figure out what it is. When Fish pushes a button on the back of the hexagon it flies into the sky. It turns out to be part of the camouflage of an invisible UFO. Chicken Little manages to ring the bell to warn everyone, but the aliens see the crowds coming and manage to escape, leaving an orange alien child behind. No one believes the story of the alien invasion, and Chicken Little is ridiculed yet again until the next day. He and his friends discover the orange alien, and a few minutes later a whole fleet of alien ships descends on the town and start what appears to be an invasion. The invasion is actually a misunderstanding, as two aliens are looking for their lost child and attack only out of concern. As the aliens rampage throughout Oakey Oaks, vaporizing everything in their path, Little realizes he must return the alien to his parents to save the planet. First, though, he must confront his father and regain his trust. In the invasion, Buck, now regaining his pride and trust in his son, defends him from the aliens until they get vaporized. It is then discovered that the aliens weren\'t vaporizing people, the ray guns teleported them aboard the UFO. Afterwards, the aliens return everything  to normal, and everyone is grateful for Chicken Little\'s efforts to save the town.'] ['Bucky, Quillo and Spike  begin with filming RJ who holds a piece of cardboard which has the words, "RJ\'s Wild World of Nature", a made-up nature show. Their subject is Hammy when he discovers a boomerang. RJ and the kids hide in the hedge and watch Hammy as he first sees the boomerang and "calls dibs." He tries to eat it but hates the taste and throws it away. The boomerang hits him in this order: * Hammy is first hit and hisses like a cat at the boomerang  before throwing it away again. * Hammy throws it again and barely dodges it but stands up and laughs triumphantly, to be hit again. * Hammy continuously dodges it and starts throwing the boomerang without stopping but soon realizes he is actually throwing a cookie, a cupcake, and an ice cream cone which prove distractive as he is hit again. * He scurries up a tree but the boomerang freezes next to him. He shouts "Begone! I don\'t believe in you!" but the boomerang keeps spinning around the tree, forcing him to shout "All right, I believe in you!" He then buries the boomerang in a deep hole and proceeds to cover it up. * He is hit again and finally chops it into pieces with an axe, puts it in a trunk, devilishly burns it with a cigarette lighter then stomps on the hot ashes but then steps off before he is continuously hit again, until Hammy cries "Aww c\'mon!" RJ then asks the audience if they should tell him that the kids actually had a lot of boomerangs in a box. Verne then appears and figures out what they are doing and throws the camera away and informs them that humans do the same thing. Hammy finds the camera in the meantime and claims it. He says the camera lens tastes "shiny". RJ and the kids then inform Verne they will not do it again. The crew  later perform another so-called "Unrated Version" episode which shows Verne bathing without his shell on. He then finds out what they are doing and chases RJ away through the hedge. Hammy calls dibs on Verne\'s shell before one of the kids runs back and switches off the camera.'] [' "Supers"—humans gifted with superpowers—were once seen as heroes, but collateral damage from their various good deeds led the government to create a "Supers Relocation Program", forcing the Supers to fit in among the civilians and not use their superpowers. Bob and Helen Parr, who are Supers, have married and now have three children, Violet, Dash, and Jack-Jack in the suburbs of Metroville. Violet and Dash have innate superpowers, but the toddler Jack-Jack has yet to show any. Bob, stuck in a white-collar job at an insurance agency, reminisces of his former days as Mr. Incredible, and sneaks out on Wednesday nights with his Super friend, Lucius Best  to fight street crime. One day, Bob loses his temper with his boss who refuses to let Bob help a mugging victim just outside the building, which results in Bob revealing his super strength and losing his job. While trying to figure out what to tell Helen, he finds a message from a woman named "Mirage", who asks for Mr. Incredible\'s help to stop a rogue robot on a distant island for a lucrative reward. Bob, claiming to Helen that he is going on a business trip, takes up Mirage\'s offer, and successfully defeats the powerful Omnidroid . On his return to Metroville, Bob spends his days working out and getting back into shape. He takes his super suit, torn in the battle with the Omnidroid, to Edna Mode, the fashion designer to the Supers, and asks her to repair it. She does so, and also insists on creating a new, better super suit for him. She refuses his request to add a cape, though, highlighting how this accessory has doomed several other Supers before him by getting caught on things. Mirage soon contacts Bob with another job on the same island. On arriving, he finds the Omnidroid , rebuilt and reprogrammed to be stronger than before. While trapped by the robot, he meets its creator, the technology-savvy villain Syndrome. Bob recognizes him as a young fan, Buddy Pine, who as a teenager wanted to be Mr. Incredible\'s sidekick IncrediBoy but was turned down, due to Bob preferring to work alone 15 years ago. Syndrome has vowed revenge for this shunning, and sets the Omnidroid to kill Bob. Bob fakes his death and hides from the robot, discovering the body of a former Super, Gazerbeam. His curiosity piqued, he breaks into Syndrome\'s base and finds a computer, which outlines Syndrome\'s obsessive work in tracking down former Supers to lure them into fighting the Omnidroid, and using the results of those fatal battles to improve each incarnation of the machine. Bob is relieved to discover that Helen and his children are not yet identified in Syndrome\'s database, and learns that a final design of the Omnidroid  will be launched toward Metroville, seemingly to destroy it. Meanwhile, Helen has become suspicious of Bob having an affair. After discovering Bob\'s repaired super-suit, she talks to Edna and learns she created new suits for the entire Parr family, each outfitted with a tracking device. Helen triggers Bob\'s, identifying the remote island but inadvertently revealing Bob\'s presence to Syndrome\'s headquarters and causing him to be captured. Helen borrows a private jet from an old friend and travels to the island. Midway she learns that Violet and Dash have stowed away while leaving Jack-Jack at home with a babysitter. As they near the island, Syndrome shoots down the jet, but Helen and the children safely make it ashore. Though Helen rescues Bob and regroups with Violet and Dash as they outrun Syndrome\'s guards, they are soon captured by Syndrome, who identifies all of them as a family of Supers. With the Parrs contained, Syndrome explains that he will launch the newly perfected Omnidroid to Metroville, sending the city into chaos, upon which he will appear and, using a control band, "subdue" the robot and become the city\'s hero. Syndrome launches the Omnidroid on a rocket and follows in his aircraft. After his departure, Violet escapes and helps to free the rest of the family, and with Mirage\'s help, they board a second rocket bound for the city. In Metroville, the Omnidroid starts a path of destruction, and Syndrome enacts his plan, stopping the robot resulting in the people\'s cheers. The Omnidroid observes the remote-control band and fires it off Syndrome\'s arm, sending the villain scurrying away while the robot continues to wreck the city. The combined abilities of the Parrs and Lucius are able to best and destroy the robot, and the city welcomes them back as heroes. As they are driven back to their home, Helen anxiously calls the babysitter and learns that Syndrome has abducted Jack-Jack. When they arrive at home, Syndrome is taking the toddler to his jet, planning to raise the boy to fight against the Supers in the future. As Bob and Helen launch a rescue attempt, Jack-Jack reveals his powers of transformation and fire-creation, forcing Syndrome to drop him into Helen\'s waiting arms. Syndrome tries to escape, but due to Bob\'s intervening, his cape is caught in the suction of his aircraft\'s engine, which kills him. The ruined plane crashes into the Parrs\' home, but Violet is able to protect the family from harm. Three months later, the Parrs have re-adjusted to normal life, but when a new villain, the Underminer, appears, the Parrs put on their masks, ready to battle the new foe.'] ['The film begins with a shaggy, candy-loving dog named Dougal trying to get sweets from a candy cart. He goes so far as to place a tack in the road to pop its tire, thinking to be rewarded for watching the cart. After convincing the driver to leave, Dougal is trying to decide which candy he will request when he accidentally starts the cart up again and causes it to collide with the titular magic roundabout at the center of the village. A blue jack-in-the-box-like creature emerges from the top and flies away, snatching a decorative Foot Guard figurine from the roundabout before leaving. The roundabout freezes over, trapping repairman Mr. Rusty, Dougal\'s young owner Florence, and two other children named Basil and Coral within an icy cell. The villagers are horrified by this development, therefore call upon the resident wizard, Zebedee, also a jack-in-the-box-like creature, for help. He explains that the roundabout acted as a mystical prison for the evil ice wizard Zeebad. With it broken Zeebad is free to work his magic on the world again . The only way to return Zeebad to his prison is to place three magic diamonds in the roundabout, or watch the world slowly freeze over again. Zebedee sends Dougal, Brian the cynical snail, Ermintrude the opera-singing cow, Dylan the hippie rabbit, and the magic Train to accomplish this mission. Zeebad animates the Foot Guard figurine, Sergeant Sam, and enlists him to find the enchanted diamonds first, for with them Zeebad can freeze the sun itself. Meanwhile, Zebedee\'s fellowship makes camp in the icy mountains near Zeebad\'s old lair. Dougal wanders off during the night and is captured by Zeebad. Ermintrude breaks him out of his prison; after a short chase, Zebedee shows up to battle his evil counterpart. Zeebad gains the upper hand and overpowers Zebedee, freezing him and collapsing the cliff on which he stands. Mourning their dispatcher as dead, Dougal and his friends embark to recover the diamonds. This task takes them to a lava-bordered volcano, an ancient temple filled with booby-traps and evil skeleton guards , and a final showdown with Zeebad, where it is revealed that Sergeant Sam had contained the third diamond in his chest. Zeebad obtains all three diamonds during the course of the film, and attempts to freeze the Sun. Ermintrude, Brian, Dylan, and finally Dougal intervene to stop him; when they have done so, Zeebad is imprisoned in the carousel again and Zebedee is restored to his friends. The ice surrounding the carousel melts, freeing the people trapped therein; of them, Florence is comatose and must be revived by a desperate Dougal. A moose, whose color had been changed from brown to blue by Zeebad in the earlier scenes of the film, is restored to his true color by Zebedee. Dougal, who vowed to give up sugar when it seemed all was lost, forgets his former pledge completely, but now realizes the true value of his friends and the good qualities of selflessness, courage, and humility. In one post-credits scene, it is revealed Zeebad\'s prison is a molten lava cave. In another, Zebedee delivers his catchphrase to the audience, "Time for bed".'] ['Bored with nothing to do for their school holidays, Badrol invites his best friend Lim to go on a camping trip at his old Kampung where he grew up, with intentions to experience some long-forgotten true Malaysian life in his Grandfather’s durian orchard. However their simple holiday trip is cut short by the discovery of a clue that leads them closer to the rumours of the mystery house deep in the forest. Together with their newly found friends, Rajoo the animal-whispering boy, Ros the village beauty, and her two cute twin brothers, Upin and Ipin, they work together to unravel the secrets surrounding the small Kampung.Sinema Malaysia'] ['Throughout the film, a disembodied voice of a woman is heard; she express her fears through a monologue, making confessions from trivial anxiety, grotesque nightmares, to crippling sadness. # The first story is a traditional animation written and directed by Blutch. It focuses on a sinister old man and his four vicious dogs, whom he restrains on leashes, as they trek through the countryside; one by one, the man sics each dog on a victim. # The second story is a three-dimensional computer animation written and directed by Charles Burns. It focuses on a intelligent introvert, who has an immense interest in insects. In his adolescence, he captures a mysterious human-shaped beetle; it escapes, and yet the boy seems haunted by it. Come maturity, the boy becomes infatuated with a promiscuous woman; he invites her in his house, and she seems to develop an obsession with him thereafter when she wakes up with a deep gash on her arm one morning. # The third story is a two-dimensional anime animation written by Romain Slocombe and directed by Marie Caillou. It focuses on a meek girl living in rural Japan. Throughout the story, she is bullied by her sadistic classmates, and also haunted by a strange alternate-reality of a scientist sedating her to "complete" a reoccurring nightmare and the ghost of a samurai. # The fourth story is a traditional animation directed by Lorenzo Mattotti. It focuses on a young boy living in rural France. Having lost his uncle in a poaching trip, the boy confides in his friend, an secretive orphan, who claims that the uncle could have been "mauled" by a beast from the sky. The friend disappears later on, and a professional ranger is hired to hunt down the beast. A massive crocodile from the swamps is killed and displayed in the church, but the boy is haunted by shadows of his orphan friend. # The fifth story is directed by Richard McGuire. The intervals are two-dimensional computer animations written and directed by Pierre di Sciullo.Twitchfilm reviewThe story focuses on a burly mustached man finding refuge against a blizzard in a pitch-black abandoned house. As he settles in, paranoia as well as dark forces begin to creep around the man\'s fear. He uncovers a photo album of a woman, possibly the mistress of the house, who seemed to have a tendency to "cut" people out of her life.'] [' The film uses a pared-down adaptation of the legend that retains many of its finer details while adopting a perspective sympathetic towards Sita; in the director\'s words, the film is "a tale of truth, justice and a woman’s cry for equal treatment." animator Nina Paley starts the film living happily in a San Francisco apartment with her husband and cat. Her husband then accepts the offer of a six-month contract working in Trivandrum, India, and moves there alone to take up the position. After several months of very little contact, he calls to inform his wife that the contract has been extended. Bewildered by his callous indifference to their separation, Nina sublets their apartment, leaves their beloved cat behind and joins her husband in India. Upon her arrival he appears deeply unenthusiastic to be reunited and demonstrates neither affection nor sexual interest. A while later, Nina flies to a meeting in New York, where she receives a brief e-mail from her husband telling her that their relationship is over. Sad and alone, she stays in New York, finding comfort in a new cat and her study of the Ramayana.'] ['Tintin , a young journalist, and his dog Snowy are browsing in an outdoor market in a European town. Tintin buys a model of a three-masted sailing ship, the Unicorn, but is then immediately accosted by the sinister Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine , and the mysterious figure of Barnaby , who both try to buy the model from Tintin, without success. Tintin takes the ship home, but it is broken during a fight between Snowy and a neighbour\'s cat. As it breaks, a parchment scroll slips out of the ship\'s mast. Snowy spots it but is unable to alert Tintin. Meanwhile, incompetent detectives Thomson and Thompson  are on the trail of a pickpocket, Aristides Silk . Tintin visits Sakharine in Marlinspike Hall, where he learns that there are two model ships. Tintin puts the scroll in his wallet, only to have his wallet stolen by Silk. Later, Tintin is shot at, then abducted by accomplices of Sakharine, and imprisoned on the SS Karaboudjan. On board, Tintin escapes and meets the ship\'s nominal captain, Haddock . Haddock has been supplied with whisky by first mate Allan , who is working for Sakharine, and thus is permanently drunk, and unaware of the happenings on board his ship. Tintin, Haddock, and Snowy eventually escape from the Karaboudjan in a lifeboat. Sakharine sends a seaplane to find them, which the trio seize and use to fly towards the  Moroccan port of Bagghar, but they crash in the desert. Dehydrated in the heat, and suffering from a sudden lack of alcohol, Haddock hallucinates, and starts to remember stories about his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock , who was captain of the Unicorn during the 17th century. Sir Francis\' treasure-laden ship was attacked by a pirate ship, led by the masked Red Rackham , and, after a fierce battle and eventual surrender, Sir Francis chose to sink the Unicorn, and most of the treasure, rather than allow it to fall into Rackham\'s hands. It transpires that there were three models of the Unicorn, each containing a scroll. Together, the scrolls will reveal the location of the sunken Unicorn, and its treasure. The third model ship is in Bagghar, in the possession of the wealthy Omar Ben Salaad , but it is encased in a bullet-proof glass display case. Sakharine\'s plan is to stage a concert involving famous diva Bianca Castafiore , the "Milanese nightingale", whose penetrating singing voice will be able to shatter the glass case, allowing Sakharine\'s trained hawk to fly down and steal the third scroll. After a chase down to the harbour, pursued by Tintin and Haddock, Sakharine finally escapes with all three scrolls. Tintin chases him back to Europe and arranges a police reception for him on the dockside. Haddock and Sakharine, who is revealed to be the descendant of Red Rackham, replay their ancestors\' swashbuckling sword fight, using dockside cranes, swords, and even bottles of whisky. Haddock is eventually victorious and Sakharine is promptly arrested by Thomson and Thompson. With the three scrolls in their possession, Tintin and Haddock find that the indicated location is Marlinspike Hall, and that the hall had been built originally by Sir Francis Haddock. There, in the cellar, they find some of the treasure, and a clue to the location of the sunken Unicorn. Both men agree to continue the adventure.'] [" By 2154, humans have severely depleted Earth's natural resources. The Resources Development Administration  mines for a valuable mineral—unobtanium—on Pandora, a densely forested habitable moon orbiting the gas giant Polyphemus in the Alpha Centauri star system.<ref nameJane|lastFamily Filmgoer|dateThe New York Times Company|url 3|workJanuary 9, 2010}} Pandora, whose atmosphere is poisonous to humans, is inhabited by the Na'vi, {{convert}} Archived version {{Nowrap}}, 2010 and another in which Jake admits that the Na'vi will never abandon Hometree, Selfridge orders Hometree destroyed. Despite Grace's argument that destroying Hometree could damage the biological neural network native to Pandora, Selfridge gives Jake and Grace one final chance to convince the Na'vi to evacuate before commencing the attack. While trying to warn the Na'vi, Jake confesses to being a spy and the Na'vi take him and Grace captive. Seeing this, Quaritch's men destroy Hometree, killing Neytiri's father  and many others. Mo'at frees Jake and Grace, but they are detached from their avatars and imprisoned by Quaritch's forces. Pilot Trudy Chacón , disgusted by Quaritch's brutality, carries them to Grace's outpost, but during the escape, Quaritch fires at them, hitting Grace. To regain the Na'vi's trust, Jake connects his mind to that of Toruk, a dragon-like predator feared and honoured by the Na'vi. Jake finds the refugees at the sacred Tree of Souls and pleads with Mo'at to heal Grace. The clan attempts to transfer Grace from her human body into her avatar with the aid of the Tree of Souls, but she dies before the process can complete. Supported by the new chief Tsu'tey , who acts as Jake's translator, Jake speaks to unite the clan and tells them to gather all of the clans to battle against the RDA. Noticing the impending gathering, Quaritch organizes a pre-emptive strike against the Tree of Souls, believing that its destruction will demoralize the natives. On the eve of battle, Jake prays to Eywa, via a neural connection to the Tree of Souls, to intercede on behalf of the Na'vi. During the subsequent battle, the Na'vi suffer heavy casualties, including Tsu'tey and Trudy; but are rescued when Pandoran wildlife unexpectedly join the attack and overwhelm the humans, which Neytiri interprets as Eywa's answer to Jake's prayer. Jake destroys a makeshift bomber before it can reach the Tree of Souls; Quaritch escapes from the crashing bomber, wearing an AMP suit and breaks open the avatar link unit containing Jake's human body, exposing it to Pandora's poisonous atmosphere. Quaritch then prepares to slit the throat of Jake's avatar, but Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves Jake from suffocation. With the exceptions of Jake, Norm, Max and a few other scientists, all humans are expelled from Pandora and sent back to Earth, after which Jake is transferred permanently into his avatar with the aid of the Tree of Souls."] ['In "The Barbie Diaries," Barbie is portrayed as a typical American teenager who is a sophomore in high school who encounters the problems that real-life teens often encounter: making new friends, dating, gossip, and getting involved in school. She always gets beaten in everything by Raquelle, a snobby girl who used to be her best friend in fifth grade. On the first day of school, she attempts to become anchorwoman for the school TV station but Raquelle beats her to it. Instead, she becomes Raquelle\'s personal assistant, buying her drinks and doing her work. When Raquelle dumps Todd he and Barbie began hanging out together and soon become a couple. Todd asks Barbie to the Fall Formal. Thrilled, Barbie as well as her friends Tia and Courtney rush to buy a dress when they discover that Raquelle and Todd are together again. The mysterious woman at the counter, whose name is Stephanie, gives them advice and offers them some charm bracelets for free. Barbie\'s happens to come with a diary which she writes her hopes in. Soon after, what she wrote starts to mysteriously "come true." Someone—who she thinks is Todd—leaves her love notes, and her band, Charmz, gets a gig at the school dance that Barbie was previously invited to. Next, Barbie decides to do a piece on popular kids and "What Makes Them Popular." She soon starts to neglect her friends and does not tell the popular girls Dawn & Reagan that the story is quite mean. She even skips Tia\'s class-president election to hang out with Dawn and Reagan. She starts skipping band practice, and spends hours talking to them on the phone and hanging out with them. Barbie realizes that her hopes written in the diary "came true" and rushes to the mall to ask Stephanie about it. To her shock, it is revealed that the woman never worked there and apparently does not exist. Tia and Courtney discover that it is Kevin—Barbie\'s longtime friend-that has been leaving her the love notes. They pressure him to tell her but he refuses. Dawn and Reagan find out that Barbie only befriended them because of her story and stop hanging out with her. They tell Raquelle she has been receiving notes from Todd even though they are still together. And it is all because of some magic bracelet. Soon, Raquelle steals Barbie\'s so-called "magic bracelet". Tia and Courtney watch footage of the story, and they discover that Barbie has told them a secret about Tia. They confront her and let her know that they no longer want to be friends with her. The night of the story, Barbie apologizes to her friends and chooses to instead showcase Kevin\'s film clips depicting a paperclip chain attacking his eBook. On the night of the dance , her friends arrive and tell her that she has to perform with them, giving her the dress that they put on hold for her at the mall. Still worried as she has no bracelet, Kevin takes one of her guitar strings and loops it around her wrist. Barbie points out that it is a "stupid piece of bent metal" until she realizes that that is what her bracelet was. The girls rock the concert with Courtney finally able to do a drum stick manuveour that she couldn\'t do before. Barbie and Todd dance until Todd reveals that he\'d never written any such notes. Confused, she thinks back to other people who were in the places the notes had said. Realizing that it was Kevin all along, Barbie leaves in the middle of the dance and goes over to Kevin. Kevin gives her back the charm bracelet that he found on the ground . She apologizes for never realizing, but points out that the bizarre rhyming in the notes was a giveaway: "Who else would rhyme scary with library?" The two dance together and now a couple. Then they date and watch movies together, now in love .'] ['Madame Pica is running a show of monsters and misfits for all to see. He, the unnamed hero, is there night after night only to see Jo Jo, the trapeze artist. One night after the show, he steals the keys of the cell where Jo Jo is imprisoned, freeing her. The two escape and start to dance a romantic waltz in the stars. But soon the two lovers are discovered and as a last desperate act, holding hand in hand, they jump of the highest window in the tower. Jo Jo, due to its ability to trapeze, holds the hand of her hero. But, due to the strong wind, the two lose their grip bad and he falls to the ground. While Jo Jo, blown by the wind on the window sill, is safe, he lies on the ground reached by a feather of Jo Jo, which was plucked out from her wings. The rain fell for ten long years, and what was once shocking no longer amused. The cavernous halls stood almost empty. While Madame Pica is despairing, blaming Jo Jo for the disaster, and she becomes aware that he, the unnamed hero, has become a real monster, but that he is still alive. The unnamed hero is taken on as the new star of the show. The two lovers are finally reunited, and they are waltzing their love in the stars again.'] ['The island of Berk has been plagued by attacks from dragons that steal their livestock and burn their homes. Hiccup, the awkward son of the village chieftain, Stoick the Vast, uses a cannon contraption he invented and shoots down a dragon he thinks may be a Night Fury, a rare dragon nobody has ever actually seen. Hiccup locates the dragon in the forest, but finds he is unable to kill the helpless animal. Hiccup instead cuts it free, and the dragon disappears into the forest. Meanwhile, Stoick assembles a fleet to seek out the dragons\' nest, but before he leaves, he places Hiccup in dragon-killing classes taught by Gobber, the village blacksmith. Searching the forest, Hiccup finds the dragon trapped in a shallow glade; the dragon\'s tail was injured, preventing it from flying normally. By trial and error, Hiccup discovers a way to earn the dragon\'s trust and begins to care for it. He names the Night Fury "Toothless", for its retractable teeth. Soon after, Hiccup fashions a makeshift harness and prosthetic tail that allows him to guide the dragon in free flight. Hiccup is able to transfer his knowledge of dragons to the other species of dragons at school, appearing to conquer each one in battle and becoming the star pupil, much to the dismay of Astrid, a girl in dragon training whom Hiccup has a crush on. Hiccup wins the class and gets the chance to kill a dragon in front of the entire village. The battered Viking fleet arrives home and Stoick learns of his son\'s exploits in school. Later, Astrid follows Hiccup, suspicious of his sudden skill, and is shocked to discover Toothless. She attempts to escape to tell the rest of the village, but Hiccup takes her for a ride on Toothless instead. At first, Astrid is terrified, but then begins to enjoy the excursion, but then Toothless unexpectedly joins a flock of dragons and takes the pair straight into the dragon\'s nest, where the truth behind the dragons\' constant raids of their village is revealed – the Red Death, a giant Seadragonus Giganticus Maximus dragon, lives off the food they bring back, else it feeds on the dragons themselves. Astrid wants to tell the village of the nest, but Hiccup wants to keep it a secret to protect Toothless. Astrid, who admires his determination, agrees. Before she heads back, she punches his arm for kidnapping her, and then, kisses him on the cheek for "everything else". Hiccup is put to his final exam the next day by fighting a Monstrous Nightmare, but when he tries to show the village the dragon\'s true nature, Stoick stops the fight, inadvertently angering the dragon and endangering Hiccup. Toothless hears Hiccup\'s scream and flies in to save him, but is captured himself. Hiccup, attempting to explain his actions, reveals how to find the dragons\' nest. He tries to warn his father of the danger, but Stoick refuses to listen to his son, demotes Hiccup from being a Viking, disowns him, and sets off with another fleet, using a restrained Toothless as their guide. Astrid talks with Hiccup about why he didn\'t kill Toothless before. Hiccup reluctantly admits that he didn\'t kill him because he looked as frightened as he was. Hiccup, then, concocts a plan to save the Vikings with the help of the school\'s captive dragons and his classmates. The teens arrive after the Viking fleet has already uncovered the Red Death. Hiccup\'s classmates distract it while Hiccup goes to save Toothless. Hiccup and Toothless almost drown, but both are saved by a now-repentant Stoick. Hiccup and Toothless lure the Red Death into flight, ultimately damaging its wings and then forcing it into an inescapable dive back to earth, killing it in a massive explosion. While attempting to flee from the crashing dragon, Hiccup falls off Toothless, and Toothless dives into the flames after him. After the explosion has settled, Stoick finds Toothless, who reveals an unconscious Hiccup safely wrapped in his wings. Hiccup wakes up back on Berk, finding an eager Toothless greeting him. As he leaves his bed, he discovers part of his left leg has been replaced by a prosthetic leg made by Gobber. His grief is turned to joy, however, as he steps outside to find the Vikings and dragons working together to rebuild their village. He is greeted by everyone, and Astrid rushes to kiss him. The film ends with the war between Vikings and Dragons finally over with Hiccup and his friends racing their dragons.'] ['In a magical kingdom, the Queen wants to surprise her daughter, Princess Annika, with a birthday gift. When she opens the door to Annika\'s room, she discovers that Annika is missing, having gone to an ice rink without asking for permission. Out skating, Annika meets a small polar bear whom she names Shiver. When Annika returns to the palace, her parents are so worried and overprotective they forbid her from skating ever again. That night, Annika sneaks out of the palace to join a festival. A powerful wizard named Wenlock appears and asks the princess to marry him. When Annika refuses, Wenlock furiously tells the king and queen the fate of their "other daughter," which surprises Annika. Wenlock magically turns everyone into stone, but Annika is saved by Brietta, a flying horse, but Wenlock tells her that she has three days to marry him, otherwise the spell will be permanent. Brietta takes Annika to a castle in the clouds called the Cloud Kingdom. There Annika discovers that "the other daughter" of the king and queen is Brietta, who was transformed into a Pegasus by Wenlock when she refused to marry him . Annika decides to build the "Wand of Light" to break Wenlock\'s spell. In order to accomplish this, they must have a measure of courage, a ring of love and a gem of ice lit by hope\'s eternal flame. The Cloud Queen gives Brietta a crystal bell to ring if she is in need of help. The group travels to the Forbidden Forest, where they meet a young man named Aidan who helps them after they get caught in a net. When Shiver and Annika fall into a giant\'s stew pot, Annika tricks him into chaining himself to a post, and uses her hair ribbon to climb out. The ribbon is the same size as her, and as a measure of courage, it turns into a staff for the Wand of Light. After trading Annika\'s skates for a fake map, the group finds themselves in a large cavern filled with gems, where a sign tells them to take only what they need. Although they get 2 gems, Shiver causes a cave-in thanks to his amazement of the gems\' sparkles, which they narrowly manage to escape. As Aidan starts to forge the Wand, he reveals that he ran away from his parents and lost all of his money gambling. He got an extra gem to bring to his parents so that he could get their forgiveness. Brietta offers her tiara to make the ring of love. With all three objects, the "Wand of Light" is assembled. To prove that the Wand works, Annika asks for Brietta to be a human from the bottom of her heart. Then, Brietta transformed back into a human. Annika and Brietta return to the Cloud Kingdom on two pegasuses summoned by the Cloud Queen\'s bell, but Wenlock pursues them, hurting Brietta. Angrily Annika asks the wand to destroy Wenlock. But it does not work. Annika gives up. Finally she agrees to marry Wenlock if he changes her parents and the people back to normal persons. Wenlock refuses her for she is hateful, just like his other wives. He sneers at her, taking the wand from Annika\'s hand. He causes a snowslide, trapping Annika. Immediately Aidan comes and helps to dig Annika out. Aidan and Brietta brings an unconscious Annika to the Cloud Kingdom. After Annika wakes up, the trio go to Wenlock\'s place. Blush decides not to give the clouds a dusk color to give Annika more time after some persuasion by Rose. While Brietta guards the pegasus, Annika, Aidan, and Shiver slides to the green castle. Aidan fights against Griffin as Annika searches for the wand. When she finds the wand, suddenly the gem falls. Fortunately Aidan gives Annika his own. Realizing how to work the Wand, Annika asks it to defeat Wenlock for the love of her family and friends. Wenlock turns to be an ordinary person and the spell on Annika\'s parents is broken. Annika shows them Brietta and the entire family celebrates together, while Aidan\'s father forgives him. Aidan makes Annika meet his father too. The end scene shows Aidan and Annika skating in the cloud palace. Both Aidan and Annika are wearing crowns, signifying that they have gotten married. Brietta remarks that they look happy, and gifts the Cloud Queen with the Wand, who replies that it will be the first star at night.'] [" In Brazil, various exotic birds are smuggled out of the country. In Moose Lake, Minnesota, a crate with a male blue macaw hatchling falls out of a truck and is found by Linda Gunderson, who names him Blu. Fifteen years later, Blu is unable to fly and is ridiculed by the Canada Geese that come by the outside of Linda's bookstore. One day, ornithologist Túlio Monteiro invites Blu and Linda to Rio de Janeiro on the condition that Blu, who is the last male of his species, mates with a female macaw. Linda accepts and they fly to Rio, where Blu meets a Red-crested Cardinal named Pedro and his Yellow Canary friend Nico. At Túlio's aviary, Blu falls in love with Jewel, a fiercely independent blue macaw longing to flee into the wilderness. The macaws are captured by Fernando, an impoverished orphan boy, and a Sulphur-crested Cockatoo named Nigel, both of whom work for a group of smugglers led by Marcel. Nigel tells the macaws that he vowed to smuggle exotic birds after his role had been replaced on a television program. Blu and Jewel are able to escape and flee into a jungle. Fernando meets Linda and Túlio and tells them that Marcel forced him to capture birds, before cooperating with the two to find Blu. Meanwhile, Blu and Jewel meet a Toco toucan named Rafael, who offers to take them to his bulldog friend Luiz to remove their leg chain. He tries to teach Blu how to fly, before they meet up with Pedro and Nico. Nigel hires a horde of thieving marmosets to capture Blu and Jewel. Pedro and Nico take Blu and Jewel to a bird's Rio-style party, where they perform a duet, but are encountered by the marmosets. Their bird friends fight them while Blu's group escapes. Fernando takes Linda and Túlio to the smugglers hideout, where they discover that Blu has escaped. Marcel explains that he will use the Rio Carnival parade to capture Blu and Jewel. Meanwhile, Blu and the others meet Luiz, who releases the chain holding Blu and Jewel; and the macaws decide to go their separate ways after a heated argument. When Blu and Rafael learn from Pedro and Nico that Nigel captured Jewel, they rush to the carnival to rescue her, while Linda and Túlio organize a rescue attempt for the birds. As Linda and Túlio pose as dancers in blue macaw costumes, Marcel uses Nigel to capture the birds. On board Marcel's Short SC.7 Skyvan, the macaws release the captive birds, but Nigel injures Jewel. Blu fights with Nigel, and the smugglers flee the plane. Unable to fly, Jewel falls out of the plane towards the ocean. Jumping out of the plane to rescue Jewel, Blu finally discovers that he is able to fly. Later, Linda and Túlio adopt Fernando, heal Jewel, and organize a sanctuary to protect the jungle from smugglers. Blu and Jewel raise three baby birds together and celebrate with their bird friends, and the smugglers are sent to jail."] ['Two octopuses fight for their lives with a stubborn restaurant cook in a comical escape through the streets of a small Greek village.'] ['Bearing similarities to the novels Anthem by Ayn Rand and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, the setting for the story is an ant colony in a park across a river from New York City, over the span of four days. The protagonist  is Z-4195, or "Z" for short, a neurotic and individualistic worker ant living in a wholly totalitarian society who longs for the opportunity to truly express himself. His friends include fellow worker Azteca  and a soldier ant, Weaver . Z meets Princess Bala  at a bar where she goes to escape from her suffocating royal life and falls in love with her. In order to see Bala again, Z exchanges places with Weaver and joins the army. He marches with the ranks, befriending a staff sergeant named Barbatus  in the process. He doesn\'t realise that the army\'s leader and Bala\'s fiance, General Mandible , is secretly sending all the soldiers loyal to the Queen to die so he can begin to build a colony filled with powerful ants. At the base of a tree near nightfall, Z realises he\'s actually marching into battle, and all of the soldiers except for Z are killed by the acid-shooting termites. Following the battle, all Z can find of Barbatus is his head. Before he dies, Barbatus tells Z to think for himself rather than follow orders all his life, leaving Z saddened and depressed. Z returns home and is hailed as a war hero, even though he didn\'t do anything and was traumatised by the fighting. He was also congratulated personally by the secretly irate General Mandible, and is brought before the Queen. There he meets Princess Bala, who eventually recognises him as a worker. When Z finds that he has been cornered in a lie, he panics and takes Princess Bala "hostage". They escape the colony and hide, and Z decides to search for the legendary Insectopia. Bala reluctantly decides to go with him after she narrowly escapes from a hungry praying mantis. Word of the incident quickly spreads through the colony, whereupon Z\'s act of individuality sparks a revolution in the workers and possibly a few soldier ants as well. As a result, productivity grinds to a halt. Seeing an opportunity to gain control, General Mandible begins to publicly portray Z as a war criminal who cares only about himself. Mandible then promotes the glory of conformity and promises them a better life, which he claims to be the reward of completing a "Mega Tunnel" planned by himself. Mandible learns Z is looking for Insectopia after interrogating Weaver. Knowing full well of the place\'s existence, Mandible sends his aide, Colonel Cutter , to its location to retrieve the Princess and possibly kill Z. Cutter, however, slowly begins to have second thoughts about Mandible\'s plans and agenda and develops sympathy for the worker ants. Z and Bala, after a misdirection and a brief separation, finally found Insectopia, which consists of a human wastebin overfilled with decaying food . Here, Bala begins to reciprocate Z\'s feelings. However, during a break, Cutter arrives and flies Bala back to the colony against her will. Z finds them gone and makes his way to rescue Bala, aided by a wasp named Chip , whom he met earlier and has made himself drunk grieving over the loss of his swatted wife, Muffy . Z arrives at the colony, where he finds that Bala has been held captive in General Mandible\'s office. After rescuing her, he learns that General Mandible\'s "Mega Tunnel" leads straight to a body of water , which Mandible will use to drown the queen and the workers who have gathered at the opening ceremony. Bala goes to warn the workers and her mother at the ceremony, while Z goes to the tunnel exit to stop the workers from digging any further. He fails, however, and the water leaks in. Z and Bala unify the workers into a single working unit and build a towering ladder of ants towards the surface as the water continues to rise. Meanwhile, General Mandible and his soldiers are gathered at the surface, where he explains to them his vision of a new colony with none of the "weak elements of the colony". He is interrupted, however, when the workers successfully claw their way to the surface and break through. Mandible angrily tries to kill Z but is stopped by Cutter, who finally rebels against Mandible and instead tries to help Z and the worker ants out of the hole "for the good of the colony." Mandible then goes insane, yelling that he is the colony, and charges toward Cutter, who is, however, pushed away by Z at the last moment. Mandible inadvertently takes Z with him back down into the flooded colony, and gets killed when he lands upon a root while Z falls into the water. Cutter, taking charge, orders the other soldier ants to help the workers and the queen onto the surface while he himself rescues Z. Although it seems that Z has drowned, Bala successfully resuscitates him. Z is lauded for his heroism and marries Bala. Together they rebuild the colony with Cutter as their General, transforming the colony from a conformist military state into a community that values each and every one of its members.'] ['A little girl named Bebe, all alone on Christmas Eve, is given a magical pendant from Santa Claus and embarks on a fantastical adventure. Travelling in a mug with the power of teleportation, Bebe explores a variety of exotic locations from the desert to the North Pole, accompanied by a host of characters including Backkom the polar bear and Konkongee the penguin.'] ['{{Plot}} In a two-dimensional world called Flatland populated by living squares, triangles, lines, circles and other two-dimensional shapes, it is three days until the celebration of the year 3000. A Square, attorney at law, struggles to instruct his son, A Hexagon, in the art of sight recognition. The lesson is interrupted by A Square\'s brother B, a clerk to President Circle, warning A to stay home during a meeting at the Senate of the Great Southern Republic of Flatland. The Senate session has been called to discuss the increasing hostilities between the government and the Chromatist movement, led by Senator Chromatistes, an irregular dodecagon. The movement seeks legalization of the right of Flatlanders to color their sides as they see fit. Traditionally taboo, laws against it had been relaxed; this emboldened the Chromatists to demand legalization. The Great Southern Republic distinguishes itself from its enemy, the Northern Kingdom, by its stances on Chromatism and Irregulars along with a democratic government. Relaxing the laws has already been perceived as weakness by the Northern Kingdom who are massing on the borders. Against his brother’s warning, A Square meets his new client, the first female charged as a Chromatist; on his way home he is caught in the melee leaving the Senate. President Circle’s soldiers killed Senator Chromatistes and his supporters, sparking a riot across the city. A Square just gets home safely, then barricades his family against the chaos for the night. Once asleep, A Square dreams of visiting a one-dimensional world, Lineland, and attempts to convince the realm\'s ignorant king of a second dimension, but fails to make him see outside of his eternally straight line. A Square awakens to learn that the deadly riots originated in the Senate meeting that B Square was attending. A visit to B Square’s home confirms that he is missing. A Square scours the city, now under martial law, seeking B Square. At the marketplace, he meets a merchant selling a fascinating "glow point", and buys one for A Hexagon, who has been sulking since being disciplined for coloring one of his sides purple. The family prepares for another anxious night, only to be terrified by the sudden appearance of A Sphere, CEO of Messiah, Inc. A Sphere declares that A Square is his apostle of the Three Dimensions and privately begins to explain things to him. A Square refuses to entertain the notion of three dimensions, resorting to violence with A Sphere. A Sphere decides the only way to convince A Square of the three dimensions is to show him. Suddenly and painfully, A Square is plucked out of his dimension and into Spaceland. After the initial shock, the reality of 3 dimensions becomes clear to A Square, along with the possibility of locating his brother from his newfound vantage point. Having business himself at the Great Hall, A Sphere brings A Square to look for his brother there. On their arrival, A Sphere expounds upon three dimensions to President Circle and the Priests who anticipated this event. After rejecting A Sphere’s message and attempting to kill him, the Flatland leaders execute all who have witnessed the event, except B Square, who is imprisoned for life on pain of silence while his brother watches from high above Flatland. Realizing that time in Spaceland is short, at least for A Square, A Sphere brings him to Messiah, Inc. to finish his education on the gospel of Three Dimensions. Enthralled by the complex world of Spaceland, A Square posits further about 4 dimensions and so forth to A Sphere who dismisses it as nonsense. Meanwhile, A Square’s intrusion into Spaceland has become a national emergency, which prompts the Spaceland Senate to call to him to appear for a hearing, to explain this breach of protocol of bringing a Flatlander into their midst. They claim it will be viewed as an act of, and provocation for, war by their enemies, the X-Axis. During the hearing, A Square also learns that the X-Axis considers the Great Senate as weak because they have allowed the continued existence of his own world, Flatland, which they view as an abomination. As the debate rages, an ailing A Square tries to explain his theory of multiple dimensions to an unsympathetic crowd. Air-raid sirens wail as A Square collapses from the overwhelming effects of gravity on his two-dimensional body and chaos ensues. A Sphere manages to send his dying apostle back on his way to Flatland via a mailing tube before bombs destroy Messiah, Inc., but A Square’s journey back is fraught with obstacles. He ends up plunging in freefall toward Flatland and through its surface into unknown regions below where he experiences a revelation on dimensionality and infinity. A Square finds himself in his own bed on the eve of the year 3000 and his family informs him that the government has issued orders for the arrest of anyone proclaiming the gospel of three dimensions. Undeterred, A Square hurries to see his brother in Flatland jail to discuss their new shared knowledge of the third dimension. B Square, afraid of execution, denies the experience and in a panic assaults his brother who falls temporarily into an unconscious state where he encounters A HyperSphere along with the Monarch of Pointland who curiously resembles a “glow point.” As the Monarch drones on in his monologue of “being the all in all, the one in the one,” A HyperSphere informs his former apostle that time is short and A Square must proclaim the gospel of the three dimensions to his fellow Flatlanders although they, like the Monarch, will probably remain trapped within their own perspectives. Returning to himself, A Square escapes Flatland prison and outruns the guards. Arriving home, A Square informs his wife that they are going to defect to the Northern Kingdom where he might be able to spread the gospel of three dimensions to a more open minded populace. The soldiers arrive and A Square escapes with the help of Frau A Square’s “war cry” that temporarily stuns them. Before he can reach the border, A Square is cornered by the soldiers whose attempt to dismantle and segment him is thwarted by the Northern Kingdom army’s attack. In the fracas, things suddenly begin to disappear as though sucked down through the fabric of Flatland until only A Square remains. He too begins to disappear until there is only his eye, then a point of light, a glowing point of light, which welcomes him into another dimension.'] ['In 2005, the Harvardville Airport is under attack by a zombie infestation. Claire Redfield is now a member of TerraSave, an organization which handles search and rescue at chemical and biological attacks. Claire was on-site and coincidentally runs into U.S. Senator Ron Davis, who was trying to avoid protesters. Meanwhile, a passenger aircraft approaching the airport crashes due to a man infected with the T-virus, who caused an infestation on board. Unable to escape from the airport terminal, Claire, Rani and Davis, along with an airline stewardess, shut themselves in the VIP lounge and call for help. By nightfall, the airport has been locked down by the local Special Response Team and the United States Marine Corps, aiding evacuated survivors. Two officers Angela Miller and Greg Glenn, are joined by Leon S. Kennedy. Leon, Greg, and Miller manage to save the civilians, but Glenn is infected during their exfiltration, with the U.S. Marines clearing out the terminal. Claire sees a convoy of trucks from the WilPharma Corporation arrive to administer the vaccines for the viral outbreak. Suddenly, the WilPharma trucks containing the vaccine are destroyed. Claire accompanies WilPharma chief researcher Frederic Downing to the WilPharma research facility for more vaccines. After a tour of the facility, Claire is shown a molecular-scale image of the G-virus. Downing, surprised by her anger, excuses himself and she is left alone in his office. Claire informs Leon about WilPharma\'s possession of the G-virus, and learns that he and Angela Miller have found the house of Curtis Miller, Angela\'s brother, burned down. Downing phones Claire to warn her that a man has just left the facility and that a time bomb has been activated. Claire catches a brief glimpse of Curtis Miller through a window, only for the bomb to detonate. Leon and Angela arrive at WilPharma and split up. Leon regroups with Claire while Angela reunites with her brother. Curtis tells Angela that the government covered up some of the events in Raccoon City which kept his family from being saved. A squad of Marines storm the room. Curtis, having injected the G-virus, mutates and attacks the Marines. Leon saves Angela as the atrium garden begins to fall apart, with the wreckage crushing Curtis. Believing him to be dead, the surviving Marines head up the elevator to safety, Curtis however gets out of the wreckage and mutates further, climbing up the building and destroying the elevator. The WilPharma computer system then sets the building on fire in an attempt to avoid the T- and G-Virus\' spreading. Angela and Leon jump into a pool of water to avoid being incinerated. After having shot a glass partition to avoid drowning, the two find themselves in an underground area. Meanwhile, Claire makes it to the command center on the topmost floor, doing whatever she can to halt a biohazard alarm and open the building. However, the detection of Curtis in the underground center causes another alarm, in which sections of the building are ejected to fall deep underground. As Leon and Angela search for an escape route, Curtis attacks them, seeing Leon as a threat and Angela as a mate. Curtis manages to briefly regain control, telling Angela to run before losing himself again. As the sections are being ejected, Leon and Angela climb up wreckage, only to hang from a broken catwalk. About to fall, Curtis grabs hold of Angela\'s leg but is shot in the head by Leon, and falls to his death. The impact of Curtis with the bottom of the pit causes an eruption of fire, from which Leon and Angela are saved when a bulkhead closes just below them. In the aftermath of the crisis, Claire accuses Senator Davis of being part of the cover up and the Harvardville Airport incident. Leon reveals that Davis did not know anything, and Claire realizes that Downing engineered the outbreaks in the airport and the airliner, as well as the destruction of the vaccine, the bombing of the research building and the bio-terrorism incidents by selling T-virus samples. Meanwhile, Downing talks to General Grandé, a client eager to buy the T-virus, now that news reports have revealed its potential. Waiting for a contact to sell WilPharma information to, Downing mistakes a car containing Leon and Claire for his contact. He is arrested by Angela. The next day Leon and Claire meet with a despondent Angela. Leon reveals that Downing confessed to the entire plot, and also reveals Downing\'s former position as an Umbrella researcher who stole samples of both viruses and escaped prior to the Raccoon City incident and created his current identity. Downing used his alias to sell the viruses to a list of potential customers while researching the vaccine. Angela then realizes that Curtis was being manipulated by Downing, but Claire notes that even though this does not clear Curtis\'s name, he had the same motives to prevent another disaster like Raccoon City as she, Leon, and Angela do. Leon, Claire, and Angela go their separate ways. Meanwhile, news gets out that Davis has resigned from office over allegations of insider stock trading with WilPharma stocks. A newspaper draped over Davis\' face reads "Tricell Offers to Purchase WilPharma". Davis\' hand falls from the desk revealing him to be dead, and on his computer WilPharma files are being deleted, which when completed reveal a Tricell, Inc. insignia on his screen. The film ends with Tricell employees in hazmat suits searching the underground ruins of the WilPharma research building, where they discover a fragment of Curtis\'s body infected with the G-virus, which they seal in a biohazard container.'] ['The story begins with WALL-E running his hand through the rings of Saturn while hanging on the side of EVE\'s ship, as shown in the original film. One of the rock particles that swirls away begins to increase in velocity as it moves up against the atmosphere of a Saturnian moon, becoming a meteorite that destroys a small lamp spire outside the starship Axiom. A repair robot named BURN-E is dispatched by SUPPLY-R, a storage robot that dispenses spare lamps, to replace the broken lamp. Before he can secure the new lamp, EVE\'s ship enters the Axiom{{\'}}s docking bay. Still hanging on the side of the ship, WALL-E waves to and distracts BURN-E while the loose lamp floats off into space. BURN-E retrieves another spare from SUPPLY-R, who is reluctant to let it go, and begins welding it down around the same time WALL-E is launched in an escape pod set to self-destruct in the original film. The pod explodes and BURN-E turns in surprise, accidentally slicing off the lamp with his blowtorch. Annoyed, SUPPLY-R gives BURN-E the last spare lamp , which he finally manages to install successfully. By this point, WALL-E and EVE fly into the Axiom through the only available entrance near BURN-E, which closes and locks him out. Later, WALL-E and EVE are nearly jettisoned through a garbage airlock, which BURN-E tries to use to reenter the ship but is closed as soon as he reaches it. BURN-E gives up all hope and begins playing with his blowtorch when it dawns on him that he can use it to cut a hole into the ship, and he does so. BURN-E returns to SUPPLY-R to turn on the newly installed lamp. At this point, the Axiom{{\'}}s captain and autopilot AUTO get into a fight and the ship is tilted, throwing BURN-E outside again. The captain deactivates Auto and realigns the ship, but as BURN-E prepares to go back inside, the ship blasts into hyperspace and pins BURN-E to the side of the hull. The Axiom lands on Earth and BURN-E reenters to find the ship deserted. BURN-E spots SUPPLY-R through the window of an escape pod and waves to him, but accidentally launches it and crashes to the ground below near SUPPLY-R. BURN-E flings off the pod\'s hatch and finally turns on the lamp, which is then crushed and destroyed by the falling hatch. BURN-E collapses in despair, leading SUPPLY-R to try to console him after the end credits by patting him on the head and saying, "There, there," in a dull, monotone voice.'] ['Remy is an anthropomorphic rat gifted with highly developed senses of taste and smell. Inspired by his idol, the recently-deceased chef Auguste Gusteau, Remy dreams of becoming a cook himself. When his clan is forced to abandon its home, Remy is separated from them and ends up in the sewers of Paris. He hallucinates the spirit of Gusteau and takes his advice to look around outside, eventually finding himself at a skylight overlooking the kitchen of Gusteau\'s restaurant. As Remy watches, Alfredo Linguini is hired as a garbage boy by Skinner, the restaurant\'s devious current owner and Gusteau\'s former sous-chef. When Linguini spills a pot of soup and attempts to recreate it with disastrous results, Remy falls into the kitchen and cooks the soup to perfection rather than escaping. Linguini catches Remy and misdirects the chef\'s attention from him, whilst taking arguments from Skinner. While they are arguing, the soup is accidentally served and found to be a success. Colette Tatou, the staff\'s only female chef, convinces Skinner to retain Linguini, who is misattributed with the soup\'s creation. Linguini discovers Remy\'s comprehension and intelligence and he takes Remy home.  Remy and Linguini find a means to overcome the inability to communicate, as Remy can control Linguini like a marionette by pulling on his hair. Hidden under a toque blanche, Remy helps Linguini demonstrate his cooking skills to Skinner. At that, Skinner assigns Colette to train their new cook into the profession and the restaurant\'s practices. Suspicious of Linguini\'s newfound talents, Skinner learns that the boy is Gusteau\'s son and proper heir to the restaurant. Remy discovers the evidence and, after eluding Skinner, brings it to Linguini, who removes Skinner as owner. The restaurant continues to thrive, and Linguini and Colette develop a budding romance, leaving Remy feeling left out. Meanwhile, Remy reunites with his father, Django, and his brother, Emile, who take him back to their new lair where the entire clan are now living. Though thrilled to discover that his family is safe, Remy turns down the offer of staying with them, despite some misgivings from Django. France\'s top restaurant critic Anton Ego, whose previous review cost Gusteau\'s one of its star ratings  announces he will be re-reviewing the restaurant the following evening. After an argument between Remy and Linguini, Remy leads his clan in a raid on the restaurant\'s pantries. Linguini catches them and throws them out. Skinner, now aware of Remy\'s gourmet skills, captures Remy in an attempt of using him to create a new line of frozen foods for him. Remy is freed by Django and Emile, and he returns to the restaurant only to find Linguini was unable to cook without him. Linguini, spotting the rat, apologizes to him, and explains the truth to the rest of the staff. The staff then walks out, believing Linguini is insane. Colette later returns after recalling Gusteau\'s motto, "Anyone can cook," from a bookstore window. Django arrives with the rest of the pack, offering to help after seeing his son\'s determination. Remy directs the rats to cook for the patrons while Linguini runs the front of the house. For Anton, Remy and Colette create a variation of ratatouille which brings back to an astonished Anton memories of his mother\'s cooking. After dining, Anton requests to see the chef; Linguini and Colette wait until the rest of the diners have left to introduce Remy and the rats to Anton. Anton writes a self-castigating and glowing review for the newspaper the next day, stating that Gusteau\'s chef is "nothing less than the finest chef in France." Despite the positive review, Gusteau\'s is closed down due to Skinner\'s efforts to report a rodent infestation, and Anton loses credibility as a critic. However, Anton eagerly helps fund a popular new bistro, "La Ratatouille", created and run by Remy, Linguini and Colette. The rats, meanwhile, settle into their new home in the bistro\'s roof.'] ['In the Jungle of Nool, a tiny dust speck is pushed off a flower. Meanwhile, a caring, imaginative elephant named Horton , the jungle\'s nature teacher, takes a dip in the pool. The dust speck floats past him in the air, and he hears a tiny yelp coming from it. Believing that an entire family of microscopic creatures are living on that speck, he places it atop a clover. Horton finds out the speck harbors the city of Whoville and its inhabitants, led by Mayor Ned McDodd . He has a wife, Sally , 96 daughters , and one teenage son named JoJo . Despite being the oldest and next in line for the mayoral position, JoJo doesn\'t want to be mayor, and he\'s so scared of disappointing his father, he rarely ever speaks. The Mayor finds out from Dr. LaRue  that Whoville will be destroyed if Horton does not find a "safer, more stable home." Horton resolves to place the speck atop Mt. Nool, the safest place in the jungle. A kangaroo named Jane , not believing Horton\'s beliefs, tries to get Horton to give up the speck, but Horton refuses. Also taking force toward Horton are the Wickersham Brothers, a group of bullying monkeys who love making misery. Jane eventually enlists a vulture named Vlad Vladikoff  to get rid of the speck by force. Vlad manages to steal the clover from Horton and drops it into a field of nearly identical clovers. After picking nearly 3,000,000 clovers, Horton eventually recovers the clover. Jane finds out that Horton still has the speck, and decides to rally the jungle community into confronting Horton by telling lies that Horton\'s goal will lead to anarchy. Jane offers Horton to give up the speck. When Horton refuses, she orders the animals to rope and cage him and issue Whoville\'s destruction via a pot of boiling beezelnut oil as punishment for "making up stories about people on specks". The Mayor enlists all of his people to make noise by shouting "We are here", as well as playing a variety of instruments, so the animals may hear them. Jane takes the clover and drops it into the boiling oil. At the last minute, JoJo grabs the horn used to project Horton\'s voice, runs up the highest tower, and yells "NOOO!", breaking through the sound barrier just before the speck hits the oil. Jane\'s son, Rudy  grabs the clover and returns it to Horton, refusing his mother\'s orders to return to her pouch. The animals realize that Horton was right and, thinking that she was trying to crush Horton\'s spirit and build her own reputation in the jungle, shun her for tricking them. While being praised for his integrity by his neighbors, Horton forgives Jane, and she accepts his friendship, finally believing that there are people on the speck. Here, the people of Whoville and the animals of Nool gather in song and recite the chorus from "Can\'t Fight This Feeling". The film ends with the narrator revealing that the Jungle of Nool, or rather Earth, is just one speck, among numerous others, floating in the universe.'] ['This short film shows Rick Dicker, a government agent assigned to aid "supers" in maintaining their anonymity, interrogating Kari about what happened when she was babysitting. Kari calls Mrs. Parr to assure her that she can take care of Jack-Jack, but is cut off by the plane being fired upon. Thinking nothing is wrong, Kari asks Jack-Jack if he is ready for some "neurological stimulation". She puts on Mozart\'s Piano Sonata No. 11 for him, which has the result of Jack-Jack having an epiphany about his latent superpowers. When Kari\'s back is turned, Jack-Jack seems to disappear and reappear in the kitchen. Finding this weird, Kari tries calling Mrs. Parr again. While she is leaving a message, Jack-Jack floats onto the ceiling and spills milk onto Kari\'s face. Kari puts him in his playpen, flipped upside-down so that he cannot float away, and tries calling Mrs. Parr again. He promptly escapes the playpen, leaving a perfect circular hole in the bars, and appears on a high bookshelf. He falls, and Kari dives to catch him, but he passes through the floor into the laundry room. Running down to find him, Kari sees Jack-Jack passing through the walls and floating around, babbling happily, before she finally catches him. To calm Jack-Jack down, Kari tries showing him flashcards. This works well until she shows him a card of a campfire, at which point he suddenly bursts into flames. Horrified, Kari picks up Jack-Jack with a pair of tongs and takes him to the bathroom, where she douses him in the bathtub. Late in the afternoon of the next day, with shadows lengthening and sunlight reddening, the house is a shambles and Kari is on the verge of madness, desperately struggling to stay awake. She appears to have mastered anticipating Jack-Jack\'s abilities, spraying him with a fire extinguisher when he ignites and reflecting laser beams out of his eyes with a mirror. Kari has laid other items close to hand including a garden hose from the back yard, the fireplace tongs, oven mitts, a butterfly net, some rope attached to a grappling hook, and a chainsaw. Eventually, Syndrome comes to the door, asking if this is the Parrs\' house. Kari thinks he is the new babysitter come to relieve her, but wonders what the "S" on his costume stands for. He claims it stands for "Sitter", because if he called himself "Babysitter", his uniform would have to say "BS". Dicker is incredulous that Kari believed Syndrome, but Kari shouts that the baby was exploding and she was not in a sound state of mind at the time. Dicker then asks Kari if she told anyone else about the event, and she replies that she did tell her parents, who didn\'t believe her and thought she was joking. Kari then expresses her wish to forget the whole event, and Dicker promises that she will as he activates a device to erase her memory.'] ['{{plot}} Barbie stars as Genevieve, a princess with eleven sisters: Ashlyn, Blair, Courtney, Delia, Edeline, Fallon, Hadley, Isla, Janessa, Kathleen and Lacey. Each princess is beautiful and different, but the twelve sisters have one thing in common: they all love to dance. They live in a castle with their widowed father, King Randolph. The girls\' adventurous and free-spirited natures are viewed as "unladylike" and "unproper" by other members of the royal society and often leads them to make rude comments about the princesses. Believing his daughters need a woman\'s touch, the king summons his cousin, Duchess Rowena, to the castle to help raise them. But, Rowena has her own plans: she plans to poison the king and get rid of his daughters so that she can be queen. Sensing trouble, Genevieve and her sisters try to reason with Randolph, but due to Rowena\'s interference, the king doesn\'t believe them and says they must listen to his cousin. Attempting to break the girls\' spirits, Rowena makes the princesses\' lives miserable by stripping the castle of everything they love, as well as banishing dancing and singing from the castle. Sad with the changes, the princesses find comfort in their mother\'s  favorite story, which tells of a magical kingdom where Gold Flowers grant Wishes and a princess could dance at an Enchanted Pavilion for three nights. Before she died, Isabella had made twelve copies of the story, and each one had one of the daughter\'s special flower on the cover. Lacey sees that her lily on the book matches the lily on the floor. Genevieve tells everyone to find a match on their book to a stone. Genevieve tries dancing from stone to stone; it doesn\'t work. She then tries dancing from oldest to youngest, She then twirls three times at the last stone, like the character in the story. They enter the Magical Kingdom. Later, Lacey falls and scrapes her knee. Genevieve dabs water from a nearby fountain on the cut and it heals, revealing that the water is magic. The next day, the girls are tired and the duchess finds their new dancing shoes worn through. Suspicious, Rowena believes that they were out dancing with princes. Meanwhile, the royal cobbler and Genevieve\'s love interest, Derek, comes to fix their shoes and sees that they are covered in gold dust. Genevieve dances on the Mosaic in the pavilion outside. While together, Genevieve asks Derek to find out what Rowena\'s true intentions are. The duchess continues to deprive them of any enjoyment and prevents them from visiting or singing to their father, who has suddenly fallen ill. The doctor gives Rowena a tonic for Randolph, which she quickly disposes of, revealing that she is poisoning him. That night, Rowena has her footman, Desmond, stand guard outside the princesses\' room to find out where they go. The sisters sneak back to the Magic Realm and dance again. Meanwhile, Derek discovers that Rowena is stealing heirlooms from the castle and dealing with an apothecary. He hurries back to warn Genevieve and her sisters. The next morning, the sisters are still exhausted and Rowena demands to know why. When she gangs up on Lacey, the girls tell her the truth, but she doesn\'t believe them and forces them into servitude. That night, she demands the truth again, but they tell her the same story. This makes Rowena even angrier and she locks them in their room, blaming them for Randolph\'s failing health. Heartbroken and not knowing what to do, the princesses return to the magical kingdom. A furious Rowena finds the sisters gone the next morning. That evening, Derek finally makes it back to the castle, but discovers that the princesses are missing. Determined to find Genevieve, he sneaks into their bedroom. Remembering Genevieve\'s dance pattern, Derek enters the magic realm and reports his findings to the girls. Unfortunately, Rowena learns how to enter the magic realm, due to her monkey, Brutus. Stealing some flowers that can give you whatever you want, she quickly returns to the castle and has Desmond destroy the mosaic that forms the gateway, trapping the sisters and Derek in the magical kingdom. Thinking she has disposed of the princesses, Rowena then tricks the weak Randolph into making her acting queen until he recovers. Trapped in the magic realm, the girls and Derek try to find a way out. As they dance, the couple and the rest of the princesses float up into the sky and return home. However, this new gateway leads to their mother\'s dance pavilion instead of their bedroom. Once back, the sisters and Derek discover that Rowena is now queen, new guards have been ordered to capture any stray princesses, and that their father is dying. The princesses disable the guards and enter the castle to confront Rowena. Ignoring Genevieve\'s orders, Lacey enters the castle to help, but is seized by Desmond. Derek and Genevieve defeat the enchanted suits of armor that defend Rowena, but the duchess has the upper hand when Desmond drags in Lacey. Noting that Genevieve is the source of her sisters\' resistance against her, Rowena uses the flowers to wish for Genevieve to dance forever and ever and ever. But as the flower dust comes towards her, Genevieve produces her fan and blows it back at Rowena, who starts dancing instead. Desmond soon joins her while trying to help and the two villains dance their way out of the castle and the film. It is revealed that Lacey has saved some water from the magical kingdom. She uses it, and thereby heals the dying king. Randolph explains that Rowena was poisoning him and apologizes to his daughters for not believing them. He now truly understands them. The film ends with everything made right as Genevieve and Derek celebrate their wedding, and of course, dance.'] ['{{plot}} Garfield  lives with canine Odie  and Jon  in a what appears to be a suburban town inhabited by cartoon characters . Garfield and the gang work at Comic studios with other comic characters. The comic strip is made in Comic Strip world, and sent to “The Real World” where it is put in the newspaper. Garfield is tired of the same old jokes his friends crack and is bored with his work and life in Comic Strip World and longs to go to The Real World. Odie, unwilling to return a prop bone, tries to hide it, and ends up opening a patch in the screen. The danger alarm is rung, and everyone panics. Eli , the Head Technician of Comic Studios explains to the comic characters that the screen separates Comic Strip World and The Real World, with no way back. Garfield sees his chance to go to The Real World  and goes through the screen without anyone noticing. Later on, the comic characters realize Garfield is in the real world, and Eli blocks the patch in the screen that separates the real world by using special tape on it. Odie also winds up in the Real World. Odie gets his bone back and he and Garfield go find some dinner. Garfield meets a cat named Shecky , who invites Garfield and Odie to dinner and a show. As they chat, Odie is chased by a gang of Chihuahuas who want his bone. Garfield goes to save Odie, and eventually defeats the Chihuahuas. Shecky and the duo head to a fence  where the dinner and show is, where they meet two other pets, Waldo and Sheila. Shecky gets dinner by performing a "show" for the people who live in a building. The people who are trying to sleep get annoyed and they start throwing leftover foods at him. After dinner, Shecky brings Garfield and Odie to their new home, an abandoned hotel called Hotel Muncie. The next day, Garfield finds a newspaper in the trash, and realizes that his comic will be cancelled unless he returns. Garfield finds an article in the newspaper asking people to audition and replace Garfield. Garfield and Odie head for the place where they are doing try-outs. The judges are not impressed by the others auditioning. Garfield and Odie also fail. The judges are more impressed in Hale and Hardy, a muscular dog and a muscular cat. One of the judges, Sid, decides to give Garfield one more chance: If Garfield does not make it back to the paper in twenty four hours, Hale and Hardy will replace them. Garfield has an idea of building a bigger version of a concertina Wally , another comic strip character, had invented  that can go through the screen back in Comic Studios and shares the idea with his friends back in Comic Strip world. Wally and the other comic strip characters then start building the giant concertina according to Wally\'s blueprints. Later that night, Garfield and Odie return to Hotel Muncie. Hale and Hardy sneak in the hotel and go into Garfield, Odie and Shecky\'s room and tie them up and taunt them before leaving. As they close the door, a candle is knocked over and it sets fire to a newspaper, causing the entire hotel to go on fire. Eli finds out about this and calls everyone to the screen. Wally and the others complete the finishing touches to the giant concertina. Wally then asks for two volunteers to come with him to save Garfield, Odie and Shecky. Billy Bear , another comic strip character who shares a strip with Randy Rabbit , and Jon volunteer to go with Wally to save the three friends, and go through the screen by going into the giant concertina-tunnel built by Wally which he names the "Bonitanator", named after his wife Bonita  because the shape of the blade at the front of the contraption reminds him of his wife\'s "big, honking" nose. They enter the burning hotel through a small hole in the wall and free the three friends, and prepare to escape, but the entire hotel is in flames and the ceiling begins to collapse, blocking the exits. Luckily, Shecky finds a trash cart that they can ride in . Jon, Wally, Odie, Garfield and Shecky jump in and Billy Bear is about to push the cart when Odie realizes his bone is missing and finds the bone lying on a chandelier. Billy Bear pushes the cart and jumps in too and they go down the staircase. Garfield winds up on the chandelier too. The others eventually save Garfield and Odie . The chandelier collapses causing the cart and the chandelier to fall to the ground. The six duck as the cart crashes out of the hotel. The cart\'s wheel get wrecked, causing the cart to fling the six into the "Bonitanator" and the door of the tunnel closes and disappears and they are transported back to Comic Strip World. The comic characters dance and celebrate the return of Garfield . Unknown to the comic characters, the chihuahuas have also gone through the "Bonitanator", and the film ends with them chasing Odie.'] ["A preteen fly named Nat and his two best friends, I.Q. and Scooter, build a “fly-sized” rocket in a field across from Cape Canaveral, Florida, where the Apollo 11 sits on the Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39. From his earliest memory, Nat remembers his grandfather, Amos, telling him of his daring rescue of Amelia Earhart when she and Fred Noonan crossed the Atlantic Ocean on their historic flight in 1937. Wanting to be an adventurer like his Grandpa, Nat knows what he has to do. Defying the notion that “Dreamers get swatted!” he tells his friends his plan to get aboard the Apollo 11 and go to the moon. His buddies, with some reluctance, are in. The next morning, as their families realize they are missing, the three flies make it in to Mission Control. In their homemade space suits, Nat, I.Q. and Scooter manage to stow away inside the space helmets of astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. As they blast off, our three tiny adventurers are about to make some history of their own. Back on Earth, Grandpa, Mom and the others watch TV to get news of their offspring’s adventure. As the astronauts appear on camera, the heroic flies wave in the background, visible to other flies but barely seen by humans – except for the attentive NASA flight controller Steve Bales, who informs Armstrong that there appear to be “contaminants” on board. One other problem: in the far-away Soviet Union, there are other flies watching TV - Soviet flies who cannot tolerate the idea that American flies might get to the moon first. A Soviet plan is hatched and special operatives are enlisted to interfere with the American mission. The Soviet Union puts all its hopes of success on the back of one nasty operative named Yegor. Fortunately, a pretty Soviet fly named Nadia also sees the flies on board and hears Scooter calling out Grandpa’s real name, the very name of the fly Nadia met in Paris and loved so many years ago. Back on board the space ship, as the burn cycle to enter the moon's Trans Lunar Injection orbit begins, the spacecraft is violently rocked. There’s a short circuit in the Service Module that must be fixed manually or the ship won’t be able to complete its mission. Nat and I.Q. fly through a maze of wires, find the problem and repair it just in time. Unaware of the flies’ aid, the ship enters orbit and all is well... or so they think. Just as they congratulate each other, the little flies are sprayed with a numbing aerosol and are captives in a test tube vial – contaminants indeed. The flies manage to break the vial. Nat sneaks into Armstrong’s helmet just in the nick of time. The Lunar Module Eagle lands on Mare Tranquillitatis. From inside the helmet, Nat beams with every awe-inspiring historic step. I.Q. and Scooter join him on the surface inside Aldrin’s helmet. After a climatic rescue with Nat bringing Scooter back to the Columbia, the Eagle is jettisoned. Back on Earth, other plots are being set in motion. After more than 30 years apart, Nadia finds Grandpa, though the joy of their reunion is brief. She tells Grandpa and Nat’s Mom about the Soviet plot to divert the mission. Nat’s Mom faints while Grandpa takes off with a renewed youthful vow to save his grandson. At Mission Control Center, the Soviet operatives have infiltrated and are preparing to alter the descent codes. Unaware of the potential danger looming, the astronauts and the little flies sit back and prepare to come back home as heroes. Grandpa, Nat’s Mom and Nadia join forces to stop Yegor and the Soviet plan as the Command Module Columbia hurtles closer and closer toward Earth's atmosphere. In a series of death-defying stunts, they crush the Soviet threat. The Columbia splashes down safely in the Pacific Ocean, where it is recovered by the USS Hornet. Returning as heroes, the three little flies share a slogan embraced by all: “Adventure forever! Dreamers get swatted? Never!” At the end the real Buzz Aldrin spoils the film by explaining that no flies were on board during the historic flight.  As IMAX 3-D films are usually less or around an hour, some scenes were cut and censored from the IMAX version. The IMAX version starts with the opening scene which shows the first monkey being launched to space. It then cuts to Nat sneaking out to meet his friends and sneak into the command centre, cutting out the scene with Nat and Amos, discussing Amelia Earhart. The IMAX version also cuts out the Soviet Sub-plot."] ["A young alien, Stu, is inside a spaceship taking an examination in abduction. He must snatch a sleeping farmer named Ernie  under the watchful eye of his impassive examiner, a gelatinous blob named Mr. B.Pixar.com - Lifted Working from memory, Stu is expected to use an array of thousands of unlabeled toggle switches for this purpose, and Mr. B gives no hints of which one to use. Stu's hesitant flicks of the switches turn out to be wrong, causing Ernie to bump into the walls and ceiling but not waking him up. Frustrated, Stu yells and swipes randomly at the array; Ernie bounces crazily around the room like a pinball, knocking over the furniture in the process. Eventually, after checking his notes, Stu does succeed in maneuvering Ernie out the window and up into the ship, but he shuts off the tractor beam without closing the cargo hatch. As Ernie plummets toward the ground, Mr. B takes over and catches him, then works the switches with incredible speed to put him back in his bed and clean up the mess Stu made. Ashamed over his failure, Stu starts whimpering and tries to hold back his tears. Mr. B generously allows him to launch the spaceship for the trip home. Stu cheerfully grabs the steering yoke and begins to maneuver; a moment later it slams to the ground, crushing Ernie's house. When it lifts off, its underside is covered with dirt and debris and nothing is left of the house except a tall pillar of dirt in the center of a crater, cut out by the open cargo hatch. Atop this, Ernie is still sound asleep in bed. As the end credits run, the sound of Ernie's alarm clock is heard, followed by his yawn, a scream, and a thud - he has fallen into the crater."] ['{{plot}} When Kelly has trouble performing a ballet move and fears going onstage, Barbie tells her a story to cheer her up. A girl named Clara lives with Drosselmeyer, her stern grandfather, and her younger brother, Tommy. On Christmas Eve, they receive a surprise visit from the vivacious Aunt Elizabeth, who comes bearing gifts for her niece and nephew. Clara receives a Nutcracker and Aunt Elizabeth tells her that inside, beats the heart of a prince. Tommy tries to take it to play with it but in the scuffle, he breaks its arm. Clara manages to fix the Nutcracker and falls asleep near the Christmas tree. She awakes to see her Nutcracker fighting the Mouse King and his mouse army. When Clara tries to help, the Mouse King shrinks her down to his size, though he is still unable to defeat them and temporarily retreats. The Nutcracker reveals that he has been enchanted and seeks to find the Sugarplum Princess, the only person who can stop the Mouse King from taking over his world. Following the advice of the wise owl of the grandfather clock, the Nutcracker suggests that Clara follow him, since the Sugarplum Princess is the only one who can make Clara her original size again. The owl gives Clara a heart-shaped locket from a ballet dancer ornament. This locket has the power to send Clara back home after they find the Sugarplum Princess. The two journey into the Land of Pervenia in the Gingerbread Village, where the children tells them that the rightful heir to the throne, Prince Eric, has gone missing in the wake of the Mouse King\'s attempts to conquer the world. Clara quickly figures out that her Nutcracker is the missing prince and he reveals that his irresponsibility is the reason of all the happenings. Due to his careless attitude the king pronounced the Mouse as an acting king until Eric  realizes his responsibilities. Unfortunately, the Mouse decides he wants to be king for once and all and thus put a spell on Eric, turning him into a Nutcracker. Eric hopes to redeem himself by finding the Sugarplum Princess and make things right again. Meanwhile, the Mouse King attempts to learn more about the Sugarplum Princess but only finds one reference to her: She is kind, clever and brave. Angered, he orders his troops to go after them in hopes of stopping the Nutcracker before he can reach her. Joined by the arrogant Major Mint and Captain Candy, the group sets out to find the Sugarplum Princess and defeat the Mouse King. After crossing the Sea of Storms with the purple horse named Marzipan, the group arrive at the Sugarplum Princess\' Island. When Clara is separated from the group, who are all captured by the Mouse King\'s bats. She ventures alone to the Mouse King\'s palace to free her friends with a help from the flower fairies. After being rescued, the Nutcracker fights a final battle with the Mouse King. Just as the Mouse King seemingly gets an advantage over the Nutcracker, Clara leaps in between them. The Mouse King tries to turn Clara smaller, but the Nutcracker uses his sword to deflect the Mouse King\'s magic back to the Mouse King himself. The Mouse King shrinks into the size of a real mouse and flees into the sewers. The Nutcracker has seemingly been injured, and Clara kisses him, whereupon he is restored to his true form – he is Prince Eric, and Clara, because she was able to break the spell, is revealed as the Sugarplum Princess. Her outfit transforms into a beautiful gown and Eric is crowned king. The couple, who have fallen in love with one another, dance as the citizens of the Land of Pervenia celebrate their victory. Eric asks her if she wishes to return home but Clara says that in heart, she is already there. However, the shrunken Mouse King makes one final attempt to defeat Clara. He swoops down on Clara upon his bat minion\'s back, steals the heart shaped locket she wears and opens it. Thankfully, he is knocked to the Earth by a snowball and apparently dies. Clara begins to fade and finally disappears. Eric is dismayed, crying out, "I love you." Clara wakes up in the living room where she fell asleep. She finds the Nutcracker missing once more. She runs to her Grandfather who dismisses the story as her imagination. At that moment, Aunt Elizabeth returns with a young man – it is Eric. Revealing him to be a friend, she insists that he stay for dinner and drags Grandfather Drosselmeyer and Tommy away. Eric gives her back the locket and asks her to dance. She answers, "I couldn\'t say \'no\' to the King", and the couple waltz together. The snowglobe shows the Prince – now a king – and the Sugarplum Princess dancing happily in the Palace courtyard. The story goes back to Kelly and Barbie. Kelly realizes the importance of not giving up and makes one more attempt at the ballet move she just can\'t do. Kelly and Barbie dance to the music and Kelly finally gets her steps right.'] ['One night, Bob and Bobbie  leave their trailer to go skinny-dipping, leaving Mr. Weenie  to guard the cinnamon buns they left on the counter. Boog  and Elliot  sneak into the camp and discover there\'s buns in trailer. Unfortunately, Weenie is guarding the door. To avoid waking Weenie, Boog and Elliot climb onto the roof and Boog ties Elliot to the end of a rope and lowers him through the open skylight. Unfortunately, Elliot is distracted by the buns and salivates, waking Mr. Weenie, who bites his backside, accidentally pulling Boog into the trailer. Bob and Bobbie hear noises from outside and think that Weenie is being attacked. Bobbie puts on a towel to go investigate. Shocked by what she sees, she accidentally drops her towel, revealing her bare tattooed buttocks  to a passing police car, whose driver pulls over, startled by the naked woman. Elliot runs out of the window looking for a place to hide, leaving Boog incriminatingly holding Weenie by the tail when the police officer, Gordy , breaks into the camper. Mr. Weenie says to Boog, "You are so busted," and Boog responds, "Tell me about it."'] ['Tinker Bell  is born from the first laugh of a baby, and is brought by the winds to Pixie Hollow . She learns that her talent is to be one of the tinkers, the fairies who make and fix things. Two other tinker fairies, Bobble  and Clank , teach her their craft, and tell her about the fairies who visit the mainland to bring each season. Tinker Bell is thrilled and cannot wait to go to the mainland for spring. While out working, she meets Silvermist , a water fairy; Rosetta , a garden fairy; Iridessa , a light fairy; and Fawn , an animal fairy. After meeting them, she notices Vidia , a fast-flying fairy who immediately dislikes her because of her unusually strong talent. Vidia challenges her to prove she will be able to go to the mainland, and Tinker Bell creates several inventions, which she shows to the Minister of Spring . But Tinker Bell soon learns from Queen Clarion  that only nature-talent fairies visit the mainland. She tries her hand at nature skills; making dewdrops with Silvermist, lighting fireflies with Iridessa, and trying with Fawn to teach baby birds to fly, but she fails miserably at all of these. Meanwhile, Bobble and Clank cover for Tinker Bell when questioned by Fairy Mary , the tinker fairy overseer. When Tinker Bell returns, she tries to explain, but Mary simply responds that she knows, and expresses her disappointment with Tinker Bell\'s actions. On the beach, Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out how to put them together. Iridessa, Fawn, Silvermist, and Rosetta witness her doing this, then tell her that she was tinkering and that she should be proud of her talent—if this is what she\'s good at, the mainland should not matter. But Tinker Bell still wants to go to the mainland. She asks Rosetta if she will still teach her to be a garden fairy, but Rosetta says she thinks that tinkering is Tinker Bell\'s talent. As a last resort, Tinker Bell asks Vidia for help in becoming a garden fairy. Vidia craftily tells her that capturing the sprinting thistles would prove her worth. However, once she sees Tinker Bell making progress, she lets the captured thistles loose, and in attempting to recapture them, Tinker Bell destroys all the preparations for spring. Tinker Bell decides to leave, but after talking with the light-keeper Terence  about how important his job is, she realizes the importance of a tinker. Tinker Bell redeems herself by inventing machines that quicken the process of decorating flowers, ladybugs, etc. This allows the other fairies to get back on schedule, thus saving the arrival of spring. Vidia is punished for prompting her to cause the chaos, and Queen Clarion allows Tinker Bell to join the nature-talent fairies when they bring spring to the mainland. Tinker Bell is given the task of delivering the music box to its original owner . The narrator ends by saying that when lost toys are found or a broken clock starts to work, "it all means that one very special fairy might be near."'] [' This first segment tells the story of Minnie Mouse  and Daisy Duck  who are competing in an ice skating competition. The girls each are joined by their boyfriends, Mickey and Donald, as they prepare to take the ice. Minnie is announced to take the ice first for her routine, which involves a bell choir and the Fantasia Alligatorsas backup skaters. As Minnie and the Alligators perform their routine, Daisy begins to become jealous at how much the crowd enjoys the performance. She decides to ruin Minnie\'s routine by stealing the spotlight for herself, performing amazing jumps and tricks on the ice. Trying to regain the spotlight, Minnie performs a daredevil jump over the Alligators, turning all eyes on her. Not to be outdone, Daisy whistles shrilly, and the Fantasia Hippos. The Hippos charge out of a huge golden gift box and become Daisy\'s backup skaters. They perform twists and jumps and help Daisy to once again gain the crowd\'s affection. Fed up, Daisy and Minnie begin to argue and shove. This creates a huge pinwheel on the ice, with the Hippos hanging on to Daisy and the Alligators hanging on to Minnie. The spinning is so violent that the Hippos and Alligators are thrown in all directions, causing an Alligator to spill bells across the ice and one stray Hippo to create a large lift in the ice. Seizing her moment to shine, Daisy lines up her Hippos and performs a massive jump off of the lift and over the Hippos. Trying desperately to outdo Daisy, Minnie did a most dangerous act: she instructs her Alligators to hoist the Hippos up and launches herself off the lift and over the skaters, while blind-folded with her bow over her eyes and, as she lands, her skate hits a stray bell on the ice, falls hard, and slides across the ice, and sob with pain. Everyone is sad for the now hurt mouse, and that includes Daisy, who skate over to Minnie and apologizes to her. Minnie does the same, and the two friends begin a grand finale. The Hippos and Alligators proceed to form a "tent" while Minnie and Daisy skate through with blue and pink streamers, respectively. The Hippos and Alligators then pop out of the golden present, first Hippos, then Alligators. Finally, the huge golden present raises upward and out on the top pops Minnie and Daisy in white versions of their clothes. They then spell "Peace On Earth" with their streamers and then the two hug and wish each other a "Merry Christmas" to thunderous applause from the audience.  The second segment tells the story of Huey, Dewey, and Louie Duck celebrating Christmas Eve at their Uncle Scrooge\'s mansion in Duckburg. Donald Duck and Daisy Duck also join in the festivities. The story begins with Donald decorating the mansion\'s huge Christmas tree. In come Huey, Dewey, and Louie, who without noticing bump Donald\'s ladder and cause him to fall. The boys run into the kitchen to find Great-Uncle Scrooge baking Christmas cookies. When they ask for cookies, Scrooge tells them they can have some after their dinner. At the dinner table, Donald, Daisy, Scrooge, and the boys are ready for dessert, but when Scrooge uncovers the dessert tray, he finds that all the cookies have been eaten by the boys. Donald angrily sends the boys to bed. In the boys\' bedroom, Scrooge tells the boys not to make mistakes in life because Santa will put them on his Naughty List, just like he had been when he was young. After realizing that they are on the Naughty List for sure, the boys decide to travel to the North Pole in order to write their names on Santa\'s Good List. They mail themselves to the North Pole and end up in Santa\'s Toy Factory. In the factory, the boys find a map to Santa\'s List Room, but when they arrive there, the door is locked. They then go to Santa\'s office in order to steal the key, but find that Santa is inside napping. To steal the key without waking Santa, the boys enter through an overhead grate. Louie is dropped down with a fishing rod in order to get the key, which lies on Santa\'s desk. After getting the key, the boys race back through the toy room. There they steal skateboards and skate through the room, causing toys to go here and there. Finally there plow into a stack of Jailbreak Bobs and tumble off their boards. The accident causes keys for Jailbreak Bob\'s jail cell to scatter all over the floor. The boys and the other elves help to sort out the keys, but one elf finds a key that does not fit. Not knowing it is the key the boys want, the elf throws it, causing it to land in a box. The package is wrapped and placed into Santa\'s toy sack among many other gifts. The boys begin to unwrap each gift in search of the key, causing all the elves\' hard work to be ruined. The boys find the key and run for the List Room, but accidentally bump right into Santa. Santa sees the key and thinks the boys were returning it to him, so he puts it in his pocket. Meanwhile, the toy room is in disarray and the elves begin to think that Christmas is ruined. Feeling bad, the boys help to clean up the mess in record time so that Christmas can be saved. After saving Christmas, the boys start to walk out of the factory feeling sorry that they were unable to get on Santas\'s Good List. But as they walk, they see an elf janitor open Santa\'s List Room. The boys rush in, tell the janitor about a mess somewhere else, and find the list for Duckburg. Just as they begin to write their names on the list, the boys think twice and instead write down Uncle Scrooge\'s name. The boys mail themselves back to Duckburg just in time for Christmas Day. Donald, Daisy, Scrooge, and the boys all gather around the tree to find a present just for their Great-Uncle Scrooge. The boys open it to reveal bagpipes, the present Uncle Scrooge has wanted ever since he was small. Donald then finds more presents behind the tree, and everyone opens their gifts . Amazed that they received gifts from Santa, the boys find a letter addressed to them. It is from Santa, and in it he tells the boys that their good deed of putting Scrooge on the Good List allowed them to be put on the Good List as well, as well as helping with the mess in the toy shop. As P.S., Santa wrote "You might need these", which the boys think at first are marshmallows but are really earplugs for when Uncle Scrooge plays his bagpipes.  This story features Max Goof and Goofy celebrating the holidays. Max, now all grown up, is bringing home his friend Mona to meet Goofy. However, Max is unsure whether or not he wants Mona to meet his dad. Most of the story takes place within the song "Make Me Look Good". The story begins with Max and Mona at the train station about to leave from college for Goofy\'s. Max calls Goofy to remind him of Mona and also to ask his dad not to embarrass him during the visit. Mona and Max leave the station on the train and arrive in Max\'s hometown to find Goofy. Goofy is dressed in a chauffeur\'s getup standing in front of his car and holding a sign that says "Maxie" with the "ie" crossed out in red. Goofy drives Max and Mona to his home, where many Christmas lights and decorations are all over the house and lawn. After that, Goofy seems to accidentally keep embarrassing Max by showing Mona Max\'s baby pictures and wiping cocoa off Max\'s face. Max at first is embarrassed by his dad, but then realizes that Goofy is always, well, goofy, and that\'s why he loves him. Max forgets about being embarrassed and decides to join in the fun.  This story revolves around Donald Duck and his Christmas wish of peace and quiet. Daisy Duck and Huey, Dewey, and Louie also appear. The story begins with Donald returning home from Christmas shopping. As he exits a store, he sees an ad for cocoa and imagines himself at home in his warm armchair. He soon realizes though that as he was daydreaming his bus left without him. He tries to run to catch it, but is slowed down by a tree decorator, a Christmas donation collector, a caroling barbershop quartet, and an old woman. As he tries to get to the bus, "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" is sung by the townspeople he sees. Donald then must walk home. Along the way he still hears people singing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", and he becomes very annoyed. Once at home, Donald prepares himself a cup of cocoa and rests in his armchair, but is disturbed by the arrival of Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Daisy also arrives and asks Donald if he is ready to go to the mall to see the Christmas decorations and the windows at Mousy\'s Department Store. Annoyed that they\'re asking him to leave after just getting home and relaxing, Donald initially refuses to go, but Daisy in the end forces him to come with her and the boys. At the mall, Donald, Daisy, and the boys gather in front of Mousy\'s with other people to watch the window unveiling. Donald then wanders off to buy some hot chocolate. After he gets his cocoa, every little noise he hears in the mall seems to play the tune to "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", possibly caused by his growing annoyance and desire to drink a nice cup of cocoa. It seems as though Donald can not escape the tune until he finally finds a door into another room. He enters a dark room and thinks he is finally safe when he discovers that he has stumbled on to the Mousy\'s window display. Thousands of dolls begin singing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and Donald finally has had enough. Back in front of Mousy\'s, a woman announces that the unveiling will commence. A curtain rises to reveal Donald inadvertently destroying the window display to the horror of the crowd. Daisy and the boys feel disappointed at Donald and leave the mall sadly without him. Donald is thrown out of the mall and begins to walk home in the snow thinking about how he let Daisy and the boys down. As he walks, he sees a group of carolers trying to sing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", but unable to sing together. Annoyed at their terrible singing, Donald takes charge and conducts the group. The lovely singing causes a small crowd to form, with people joining in and singing with the carolers. Soon the crowd draws in Daisy and the boys, who see Donald finally showing some Christmas spirit. Donald apologizes and joins in on the singing, making sure to sing from his heart.  The fifth and final segment of the movie. It begins when Mickey makes decorations for the Christmas party, until Pluto keeps interrupting. When Pluto puts the star on top of the Christmas tree, he accidentally ruins the decorations, which causes Mickey to send Pluto to the dog house. At the doghouse, Pluto decides to run away from home by removing his collar and hopping onboard a train. Pluto finds himself shipped to the North Pole where the reindeer  adopt him and call him "Murray" . When Mickey arrives back home, he cleans up the mess and puts the decorations back. He begins feeling guilty for how he yelled at Pluto, and when he goes to Pluto\'s doghouse to apologize, he finds Pluto missing. Mickey goes around town posting "Lost Dog" posters in hope that someone can help him. He even turns to Santa for help at a department store.  Meanwhile, Pluto is feeling homesick, and when Santa comes by with a picture of him and a glum-looking Mickey together, Pluto decides to return home. Santa and the reindeer drop him off back to Mickey\'s where the rest of the gang gathers for their annual Christmas party. The segment  concludes with them singing a medley of various Christmas carols, akin to how the original film ended.'] ['{{plot}} The narrator reads a book about a frog named Freddy who lived in a pond of water. He was very funny, so animals assumed that the water of the pond he lived in was magic water which made him funny. Animals came to it and drank it and they became funny too. The narrator is revealed to be Garfield and he is reading the story to Odie. Jon calls them for breakfast. He cooks breakfast while doing a disco act and he tells Garfield and Odie that he is doing it for the "Fun Fest" , a talent show which is held every year at the Comic Studios to see who would be the first comic on the cartoon page, and all the comic strip character participate in the competition. Odie shows that he is doing a mime, and Jon tells Garfield he should do a dance with Arlene, which she wanted to do for years but Garfield wanted to do something different. They drive to the Comic Studio, with Arlene and Nermal, who teases Garfield. The Comic Studio is all decorated for the "Fun Fest", and everybody is practicing for it. Then they get to work, but it\'s "Fun Fest" auditions instead. Garfield performs all the great scenes from all the great movies in 30 seconds with Arlene (James Bond, The Wizard of Oz, "[[Titanic  After the auditions, Arlene comes into the living room with Garfield, telling him that she really wants to do the tango dance this year. She gives Garfield his costume. But Billy Bear, Randy Rabbit, and Wally all laugh at it. Garfield rejects Arlene\'s idea, and gives her another idea, which Arlene finds not amusing. A cat named Ramón comes in and tells Arlene that he wants to do the dance with her. Arlene starts to like him which makes Garfield jealous. Ramón is successful at the auditions. During the night, Garfield reads the storybook. In the morning, Odie  comes in and shows Garfield it\'s Fun Fest that night. Jon calls Garfield and Odie for breakfast. Odie finds an envelope in the storybook and tries to get Garfield to read it in the kitchen, the car, and the dining room at the Comic Studio. All three attempts fail . Odie tries to get Garfield to read it in the break room of the Comic Studio. This attempt is successful and Garfield opens the envelope. Garfield finds a map to the Funny Water in the envelope. He sets the map on the table in the living room and Garfield demonstrates his plan. He\'ll go to the Funny Water to drink it and get funny in time for "Fun Fest" in the evening. However, Garfield knows its fiction, and rejects his own idea. Garfield and Odie leave for the Funny Water, after he sees Arlene in Ramón\'s strip. According to the map, Garfield and Odie must first go through the Mystical Forest. While in the forest, Garfield and Odie meets certain misfits, like Stan the Squirrel, who annoys Garfield with his curtains. He also meets Junior the bear, who shows Garfield he should go right at a fork in the road saying "To get to the magic pond tonight, follow your heart and you\'ll always be right" . Garfield thinks that they should go right. But Odie disagrees by showing Garfield that he thinks that since their hearts are on the left side of their bodies, then if they follow their hearts, they must go left. They follow Odie\'s idea and they go left. Garfield and Odie come across a river and try to cross it, but they find out that there are alligators in the river. Two birds tell the duo that they should do stupid things and get the alligators to laugh so they can cross the river. Garfield tries to act stupid, but the alligators don\'t laugh. Garfield gives up and Odie decides to help Garfield and does stupid things causing the alligators to laugh loudly. While the alligators laugh, Garfield and Odie manage to get across the river. Garfield goes to a pond, supposedly the Funny Water, and he drinks the water. Then they see a tall frog in a mumu on a leaf, and the leaf floats near Garfield and Odie, and the frog goes onto land. The frog tells Garfield and Odie the water is not the funny water and it really is sludge water from a nearby town. Garfield spits the water out in disgust. The frog reveals himself to be Freddy Frog from the story and tells Garfield that the magic pond  had been moved years ago. Freddy puts Garfield and Odie through a series of comical challenges and they succeed as Freddy teaches Garfield how to be funny. Garfield and Odie reach the funny water by climbing up a really high ladder to a floating island and Garfield drinks it as well as saving some in a bottle. The two realize they won\'t make it back in time for Fun Fest so Freddy provides them with a hang glider, telling them that all landings end with a crash. Garfield and Odie push it and fall down a cliff and almost collapse. However, the glider flies back into the air. After a bumpy flight, Garfield and Odie crash into the building and sees his role as host was given to Ramón because Garfield didn\'t show up. Garfield is about to drink the Funny Water he saved earlier, when he realizes the bottle got smashed when he landed the glider. Garfield believes he is no longer funny and feels too depressed to perform, especially without Arlene, and goes to the back alley. Freddy appears before him and Garfield begs him for more Funny Water. Freddy then tells him that the Funny Water is just regular water and he doesn\'t need it. Garfield claims he felt funnier after he drank the water and Freddy tells him that\'s because he IS funny and that he\'d only forgotten to follow his heart . But Freddy then encourages Garfield, his new friend, along with Odie, and Garfield knows how to fix everything... Tango! Garfield puts on his Tango costume and confronts Ramón while he is dancing with Arlene. Ramón throws Garfield onto the ceiling, but Garfield ties a rope to himself and jumps down. Garfield and Ramón fight over Arlene, and cause a small tornado. Garfield and Arlene are flung to the ceiling and the two dance in the ceiling, but Ramón grabs Arlene and brings her back to the ground. Garfield tugs at Ramon\'s leg, and it falls off. Garfield continues to pull off Ramon\'s body parts. Garfield manages to outdance Ramón who turns out to be Nermal in disguise. Garfield then apologizes to Arlene as he finishes the dance with her. As they finish the dance the judges declare them the winners, all giving them ten points. Nermal tells Odie he\'ll be Pierre  next year. Odie rejects it. Freddy then concludes the story, and closes the story book. He then flies home on the glider.'] ["The film begins with a woman, Sintel, being attacked while traveling through a wintery mountainside. After defeating her attacker and taking his spear, she finds refuge in a shaman's hut. He asks her why she's travelling, and she confesses she's looking for a dragon, leading into a flashback. Sintel was a homeless loner, looking for food when she discovered an injured baby dragon. She nursed him back to health and named him Scales, the two quickly formed an emotional bond. One day while Scales was flying he was captured by an adult dragon. Determined to get him back, Sintel began the long and dangerous journey that led her to the shaman's hut. She's ready to give up, when the shaman tells her they're in dragon lands, showing the glyph on the spear as proof. She finds the tree pictured on the spear and near it, a cave with the adult dragon and his baby. The baby runs away upon seeing Sintel and the adult dragon attacks. After a brief battle, the adult dragon pins Sintel to the ground, but freezes when he sees her face. Sintel takes advantages of this and stabs the dragon in the heart. As she's about to land the killing blow, she then notices the scar on its wing is exactly the same as her old friend's. Sintel discovers in a moment of horror that she has just killed Scales. Scales bleeds out rapidly, and Sintel stares in shock at her reflection in a pool of blood. It is revealed that she is significantly older than she has appeared throughout the film. She has many gray hairs, worn and wrinkling skin, and several scars on her body. The long search for Scales had lasted several years and she had never realized it. The cave begins to collapse as Scales gives his last breath, and Sintel runs for the entrance. After mourning over the friend she killed, Sintel leaves, heartbroken. Scales' baby, having nowhere else to go, follows her."] [' The parallel city of Monstropolis is inhabited by monsters and powered by the screams of children in the human world. At the Monsters, Inc. factory, employees called "Scarers" venture into children\'s bedrooms to scare them and collect their screams, using closet doors as portals. This is considered a dangerous task since the monsters believe children to be toxic and that touching them would be fatal. However, production is falling as children are becoming harder to scare and the company chairman Henry J. Waternoose III is determined to find a solution. The top Scarer is James P. "Sulley" Sullivan, who lives with his assistant Mike Wazowski and has a rivalry with the ever-determined chameleon-like monster Randall Boggs. During an ordinary day\'s work on the "Scarefloor", another scarer accidentally brings a child\'s sock into the factory, causing the Children Detection Agency  to arrive and cleanse him. Mike is harassed by Roz the clerk for not completing his paperwork on time. While working late at the factory, Sulley discovers that Randall left an activated door on the Scarefloor and a young girl  who has entered the factory, much to Sulley\'s horror. After a few failed attempts to put her back, he places her in his bag and hides when Randall arrives and returns the door to storage. Mike is at a restaurant on a date with his girlfriend Celia when Sulley comes to him for help, but chaos erupts when the girl is discovered in the restaurant, and the CDA is called. Sulley and Mike escape the CDA and take the girl home, discovering that she is not toxic after all. Sulley quickly grows attached to the girl and names her "Boo". The next day, they smuggle her into the factory and Mike attempts to return her through her door. Randall tries to kidnap Boo, but kidnaps Mike by mistake. In the basement, Randall reveals to Mike he has built a torture machine  to extract children\'s screams, which would make the company\'s current tactics redundant. Sulley stops Randall from testing the machine on Mike and reports him to Waternoose. However, Waternoose is revealed to be in allegiance with Randall and he exiles Mike and Sulley to the Himalayas. The two are taken in by the Abominable Snowman, who tells them they can return to the factory through the nearby village. Sulley heads out, but Mike refuses to follow him out of frustration. Sulley returns to the factory and rescues Boo from the Scream Extractor. Mike returns to apologise to Sulley and inadvertently helps Sulley defeat Randall in a fight. Randall pursues Mike and Sulley as they race the factory and ride on the doors heading into storage, taking them into a giant vault where millions of closet doors are stored. Boo\'s laughter activates the doors and allows the chase to pass in and out of the human world. After Randall almost kills Sulley by pushing him out of an open door, Sulley and Mike trap him in the human world using a door to a trailer park, where he is mistaken for an alligator and beaten up by a pair of hillbillies. They are finally able to access Boo\'s door, but Waternoose and the CDA send it back to the Scarefloor. Mike distracts the CDA, while Sulley escapes with Boo and her door while Waternoose follows. Waternoose is tricked into confessing his plan to kidnap children in the simulation bedroom and is arrested by the CDA. The CDA\'s leader is revealed to be Roz, who has been undercover for years trying to prove there was a scandal at Monsters Inc. Sulley and Mike say goodbye to Boo and return her home; on Roz’s orders Boo’s door is then destroyed. Sulley becomes the new chairman of Monsters Inc., and thanks to his experience with Boo, he comes up with a plan to end the company\'s energy crisis. Months later, Sulley\'s leadership has changed the company\'s workload. The monsters now enter children\'s bedrooms to entertain them, since laughter is ten times more powerful than screams. Mike takes Sulley aside, revealing he has almost rebuilt Boo\'s door, requiring only one more piece which Sulley took as a memento. Sulley enters and reunites with Boo.'] ['Dr. Larry Roberts , a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, is puzzled when four beautiful models working in television commercials request cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor as to be imperceptible to the naked eye. When these models later start dying under mysterious circumstances, he discovers they are all linked to the same advertisement research firm. The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models using a scoring system to measure the combined visual impact of various physical attributes in television commercials. In an experiment to increase their scores, some models are sent to Dr. Roberts to get cosmetic surgery to maximize their visual impacts. Though the models are physically perfect after the surgeries, they still are not as effective as desired, so the research firm decides to use a different approach. Each model is offered a contract to have her body scanned digitally to create 3D computer-generated models, then the 3D models are animated for use in commercials. The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative for the models: once their bodies are represented digitally, they get a paycheck for life, never having to work again, since their digital model is used for all their future work in commercials. However, when these same models start dying under mysterious circumstances, Roberts becomes suspicious and decides to investigate Digital Matrix. He has a strong interest in investigating the deaths: he is considered a prime suspect by the police  and his most recent patient, Cindy , is the last of the models to be digitally scanned. During his investigation, Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices the Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers into buying the products they advertise. He also discovers the Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses  gun, a light pulse device that gives the illusion of invisibility by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time.'] ["A supervirus known as Daemon has taken over the Super Computer, and is trying to infect the entire net. Despite being a virus, she is not malevolent, and only wants to bring order to the net. To this end, she used something called 'The Word' to brainwash people she comes into contact with, and has already infected all of the Guardian Collective, apart from Bob and Matrix. Mouse, Dot, and Phong manage to seal off a few systems on the net, and when Daemon activates her infection which has been lying dormant, all but those systems become infected. During the course of the battle, Mike the TV, then AndrAIa, Matrix, and Mouse become infected, and therefore loyal to Daemon. Since it was Mouse who programmed the firewall to seal off Mainframe, Daemon uses her to break in, as she needs Bob to help infect the other sealed off systems. Arriving in Mainframe, Hexadecimal powers up in the core, and uses the energy to fight Daemon. However, it is in vain: Daemon initiates the final stage of the infection, which causes everyone infected to begin a net-wide binary countdown, which will cause them all to be deleted. Being a cron virus, Daemon's time was up, and is instantly deleted. A cure to the infection, taken from Matrix's icon, is delivered to the entire net by way of Hexidecimal through a dispersed portal. While everyone is cured, it seemingly fragments Hex into deletion, as Dot had previously described. At the end of the movie, Bob and Dot get engaged. However, a few seconds later, a portal opens and Ray Tracer and another Bob step through, leading to confusion."] ["The 3D animated family comedy Escape from Planet Earth catapults film goers to planet Baab, where admired astronaut Scorch Supernova is a national hero to the blue alien population. A master of daring rescues, Scorch pulls off astonishing feats with the quiet aid of his nerdy, by-the-rules brother, Gary, head of mission control at BASA. When BASA's no-nonsense chief Lena  informs the brothers of an SOS from a notoriously dangerous planet, Scorch rejects Gary's warnings and bounds off for yet another exciting mission. But when Scorch finds himself caught in a fiendish trap set by the evil Shanker , it's up to scrawny, risk-adverse Gary to do the real rescuing. As the interplanetary stakes rise to new heights, Gary is left to save his brother, his planet, his beloved wife Kira  and their adventure hungry son Kip."] ['{{Plot}} On Planet 51, green people with snail-like feelers and pointed ears live peacefully in a society reminiscent of 1950s America, but with alien technology and with 1950s themed space-ships and alien homes. In the town of Glipforg, Lem  is a teenage boy with a new part-time job at the local planetarium and a long-time crush on his neighbor Neera . His best friend is Skiff , a big fan of the Humaniacs films. At a barbecue Neera\'s family is having, Lem tries to ask Neera on a date; but her hippie friend, Glar, keeps interrupting with his protest songs. Just then, a mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal. Down on Planet 51, under a secret Army base called "Base 9" , there is a basement filled with Earth artifacts including robotic satellites launched by the U.S. and the Soviet Union. The spacecraft\'s signal activates Rover, a wheeled A.I. probe. Rover escapes, following a program to locate the newly-arrived astronaut. The Planetary Army becomes suspicious after Rover\'s escape and begins to investigate. At a barbecue, the mysterious spacecraft touches down in the backyard; and NASA Astronaut Charles "Chuck" Baker  emerges. As Chuck plants the U.S. flag, he steps on a "rubber ducky" someone left on the ground. Everyone stares, and Chuck tries to get back into his module; but Eckle is in his way, eager for an autograph. Shocked when he realizes he is on an inhabited planet, Chuck runs about wildly and hides at the planetarium as the Army arrives on the scene. Planetary Army General Grawl  consults Professor Kipple  about the "alien invader." The Army quarantines the area and asks citizens start a local "civil defense" force to prevent the citizens from becoming "zombies." At the planetarium, Lem discovers Chuck\'s hiding-place, and both are surprised to discover they speak the same language. Realizing this alien is no threat, Lem decides to help Chuck, hiding him in his bedroom for the night. Rover finds Chuck, who is very happy to see it. As the General and his men search Lem\'s room, the group sneaks back into the planetarium with Chuck, who tells Lem he has "the right stuff". Chuck also shows Lem the star that Earth orbits and how the universe is much bigger than Lem had thought, which was that there were 1,000 stars in a universe 500 miles long. The next morning, the Army takes Chuck\'s module to a secret location. Lem and Skiff get an idea. The next night is the première of a new "Humaniacs" movie; and Lem, Skiff, and Chuck attend in costumes as fans. Chuck introduces some new music as part of the contest and teaches Lem to dance. Things go well until Rover arrives: chaos ensues. General Grawl arrives and points out Chuck\'s United States Flag insignia is a dead giveaway that he isn\'t a "local". Chuck is captured and unmasked. When Lem tries to keep him from being taken away, General Grawl labels Lem a zombie, and Professor Kipple announces he will dissect both their brains. To protect Lem, Chuck pretends to "release" him from his control. Lem is proclaimed a hero, and Chuck and Rover are locked into armored vehicles and taken away. At Base 9, General Grawl interrogates Chuck, and an accidental gunshot starts a complicated chain reaction with soldiers shooting at each other. General Grawl thinks Chuck is resisting his demands and allows Professor Kipple to have a go at dissecting Chuck\'s brain. Lem gets his job back at the planetarium and is permitted to speak about the incident on TV, but he cannot truly accept the honor. He feels terrible about Chuck and decides to do the right thing. While he\'s hot-wiring a car, Neera, Skiff, and Eckle join him to go off to rescue Chuck. The teens know luck is on their side when Rover shows up on the edge of town—he unscrewed the bolts holding together the armored vehicle in which he was imprisoned. Rover sniffs out Chuck\'s trail and leads them to an abandoned gas station in the desert. They look around, and Skiff sees a Coca-Cola bottle in an old refrigerator. When he tries to take it, it opens up the entrance to Base 9. Lem has Glar distract the soldiers guarding the base with his protest group while the rest of them sneak into the base. They find Chuck strapped to a laboratory table, and Professor Kipple is cheerfully getting ready to remove his brain. Lem and his friends break in through the ceiling while Rover scares away the scientists, technicians, and guards. They release Chuck but set off alarms. Rover helps the group find Chuck\'s spacecraft, which was in a hangar; but General Grawl warns that, if the "alien" tries to leave, the hangar will blow up. The "alien" does try to leave; and, in the resulting firestorm, the General is knocked unconscious, and most of the soldiers flee. The teenagers and Rover get into the module, but Chuck rescues the General from the fire. Chuck pilots the ship into orbit around the planet, allowing the teens to experience outer space. Skiff and Eckle enjoy the weightlessness; General Grawl realizes Chuck hasn\'t turned him into a zombie; and Lem asks Neera out on a date. Chuck pilots the module back to the planet\'s surface; and, although the soldiers are ready to shoot anyone who appears, the General stops them. Finally, the inhabitants of Planet 51 see that Chuck came to their planet for peaceful purposes. Chuck lets Rover stay with Skiff and says his farewells to Planet 51. Chuck then leaves Planet 51 peacefully, accompanied by the pet dog that is owned by a female alien seen throughout the film (Xenomorph [[Alien , which had sneaked aboard his ship. After the credits, Professor Kipple emerges from a manhole cover and faces two former patients who drag him off, telling him that he will "love" brain surgery.'] ['Atop the roof of an observatory at their cloud-filled home of Care-a-lot, the Care Bears hear Wish Bear\'s story of how she  found her new friend, a wishing star named Twinkers. The Care Bears are touched by this tale, but are a bit worried when she uses Twinkers\' inherent power to wish them all some popcorn. Another bear, Cheer Bear, raises concern about the frivolous use of this power. Wish Bear, however, assures everyone that she is a trained professional. The next day, Wish Bear uses the wishing power to help her friends. She wishes for plenty of rainbow sap for Share Bear, and for Grumpy Bear\'s rocket to have "zoom", but the wishes backfire when the sap overflows and the rocket spins out of control. A monthly meeting of Care-a-lot\'s steering committee  reveals a problem with the Caring Meter. The machine, which measures how much caring there is in Care-a-lot, has moved towards the raincloud side. Wish Bear suggests using her wishes, but is rejected since not all of them work as intended . Disappointed, she decides to wish for other bears who like wishing as much as she does. This causes three new bears to arrive in Care-a-lot: Me Bear, Messy Bear, and Too Loud Bear. Everyone is pleased to welcome the new neighbours at first, but things soon get out of control. The new bears unwittingly make a huge mess of everything . Then, after a confrontation with them at a picnic  Wish Bear accidentally wishes Twinkers away to the new bears; they soon abuse the star\'s power with an amusement park focusing on Me Bear, a mud pie for Messy Bear, and a huge noisy motorcycle for Too Loud Bear. Once the new bears finally realise their problem, they try to fix it with more wishes, but to no avail&mdash;Care-a-lot becomes a blank white space, the bears begin to glow in color, Grumpy Bear turns black and white, and Messy Bear turns into Messy Cub. When they try to wish Twinkers back to Wish Bear, the star ultimately loses his power from exhaustion . Wish Bear uses Grumpy Bear\'s rocket to bring him to the Big Wish, a grandmother star, in the sky. Big Wish restores his power, but not before Wish Bear assures her that she has learned her lesson, which is wishing is fun, but it is far more important to work hard to achieve your dreams. Wish Bear tells them that wishes are not an effective solution any more, and everyone works together to make their home beautiful again . In the end, Me Bear, Messy Bear, and Too Loud Bear, having seen the error of their ways, apologize and ask if they can still live in Care-a-lot. The rest of the bears agree, and decide to go on a road trip.'] ['Meeper, the janitor of an alien pub called the Ale-E-Inn, has higher aspirations—a karaoke performer. After he accidentally electrocutes a singer, he is ejected from the pub. Outside, he is told by a dying creature that "The ChubbChubbs are coming!" Meeper sees aircraft land in the distance, and huge, weapon-bearing monsters exit the craft. He assumes these are the ChubbChubbs. Meeper rushes to warn the pub, and some chicks he finds pecking at the ground outside, but each of his attempts further injures the singer. The patrons are finally warned by a different visitor. The pub is emptied, and everyone takes off into the night, leaving Meeper behind. The monsters are almost at the pub. Meeper hides the chicks under his pail in an attempt to save them, and then launches into a rendition of Why Can\'t We Be Friends? until, caught up in the song, he trips over the pail, revealing the chicks. The monsters flee, screaming, "It\'s the ChubbChubbs!" The chicks reveal their razor sharp teeth and devour the monsters, who are actually known as Zyzaks. They gather around Meeper, who says, "So... You guys into Karaoke?" As the credits roll, Meeper and the ChubbChubbs sing a rewrite of Aretha Frankin\'s Respect in the pub. When the song is finished, there is dead silence. The ChubbChubbs glare and reveal their teeth, and the crowd hastily bursts into applause.'] ['A series of mysterious lightning storms are wreaking havoc worldwide as they spiral through the atmosphere toward Greenland. Once they collide, they will create one massive storm that will result in cataclysmic destruction. The Rescue Heroes use their new Mission Select equipment to contain the disasters all over the world caused by these strange storms. But Billy Blazes is poisoned on a mission and getting weaker by the moment, and Rocky Canyon is grounded for insubordination, therefore making the team short-handed. The Rescue Heroes face their biggest challenge yet, since they must find a cure to save Billy and solve the mystery of the storms in order to save the world in time.'] ["A 16-year-old boy, named Rion one day wakes up in a hospital observation room. Having no memories of his past or how he got there, a mysterious voice of a girl begs him to save her. While he is trying to escape, he discovers he has psychic powers. Using this ability he kills off the staff and hospital security. He finds out he needs to take drugs for not losing control; using different drugs gives Rion a different ability. Rion discovers that in the hospital, they're having human experiments, named `G Project,` related to his powers. He also finds out information about himself. Having finally escaped, he goes home, memories coming back to him, but interrupted by G Project experiments/monsters and a Galerian named Birdman. He soon finds the girl who called out to him is a childhood friend named Lilia, who is also the daughter of Dr. Pascalle, a colleague of Rion's father, who wants to help Rion destroy an artificial intelligence named Dorothy. Dorothy was a super computer program made to serve humans. However, she started to wonder why she should help humanity. One of her creators, Dr. Steiner, told Dorothy about the existence of God and how humans must serve their creator as she must serve humans. Dorothy responds to this by starting a secret program to create super-humans` named Galerians, plotting to use them to kill off humanity and rule Earth being served by her Galerians. Throughout the story, the Galerians are also after Lilia, as she has a virus program implanted in her brain as a safeguard against Dorothy. Dorothy sends her Galerians after Rion and Lilia. It's up to Rion to kill the Galerians, destroy Dorothy and save humanity. Rion comes face-to-face to the last Galerian Cain, who is a clone of the real Rion, and he finds out the horrible truth: he himself is a Galerian-a clone of the real Rion who died a while ago. Killing off Cain, Rion confronts and battles Dorothy and uses all his powers to destroy her. Lying in Lilia's arms, Rion says his last words and dies. In the end, the scene changes. In a completely white area, Rion is seen sitting down with his head low and finally disappears into thin air, symbolizing his death."] ['The film features a sheep that lived in the American West whose elegant dancing is very popular with the other animals. One day the sheep-shearers arrive and shear it for wool. Having lost his coat, the sheep becomes shy and loses the confidence to dance so elegantly. It is whilst in his bare state that a benevolent jackalope comes across the little lamb and teaches him the merits of "bounding" rather than dancing . The sheep is converted and its joy in life is restored. The sheep\'s wool eventually grows back in the winter, only for it to be cut again, but his pride is now completely unshaken and he continues to "bound". It is also implied that the jackalope has helped other animals before the sheep.'] ["This is the story of Lucía, a restless kid who suffers a domestic accident and loses a tooth. Santiago, her father, an unemployed chef and Pilar, her mother, a successful architect with work to spare, ease her with the illusion that Ratón Pérez will stop by her room that night, take her tooth and replace it with some money. What they don't know is that the alert sign is already being spread...  A little mouse spying the situation warns another mouse who then warns another who warns another who finally warns... Ratón Pérez! who lives on a boat anchored at the port along with hundreds of mice who gather the teeth, clean, sculpt and polish them to turn them into shiny round pearls. These are taken through the city sewers to a jewelry store own by Morientes - an old friend of Pérez that trades them paying the teeth's weight in gold coins. What should have been a routine job for the mythical mouse won't be tonight since the most heartless and ambitious thugs decide to kidnap Pérez and take control of his boat and his fortune. This would be the end of the story for everyone except for Lucía who - with the help of her cousin Ramiro - disobeying her parents and not measuring the consequences will try to rescue Pérez unleashing a fascinating adventure that will prove that you don't have to be a kid to believe. The story was based partially on the Ratoncito Pérez, a character in Spanish folklore similar to the Tooth fairy."] ['The film opens with an Iguanodon mother forced to abandon her nest, with only one egg surviving a carnivorous "Carnotaur" attack. The egg is taken by an Oviraptor, who drops it into a river while fighting another Oviraptor, and finally is taken by a Pteranodon to an island inhabited by lemurs, who see the egg hatch, name the baby dinosaur Aladar, and raise him as their own. When Aladar is an adult, the island is destroyed when an asteroid crashes on earth, causing a meteor shower, with only Aladar, his grandfather Yar, his mother Plio, his best friend Zini and his sister Suri surviving the destruction of the island by swimming to the land After fleeing a pack of Velociraptor, the family meets a multi-species herd of dinosaurs  led by the Iguanodon Kron and his lieutenant Bruton, who are on a journey to reach the "Nesting Grounds", a valley believed to be untouched by the devastation of the asteroid impact. Aladar and the lemurs befriend a trio of elderly dinosaurs: Baylene the Brachiosaurus, Eema the Styracosaurus, and Url, Eema\'s dog-like pet Ankylosaurus. Aladar also develops romantic feelings for Kron\'s sister Neera, but she is uninterested. Meanwhile, the Velociraptor pack continues to follow them, but are scared off when a pair of Carnotaurs picks up the herd\'s trail too. The herd arrives at a lake they’ve relied on for past trips, but it has dried up. Aladar saves the herd from dehydration when he and Baylene eventually dig up the trapped water beneath the ground. Aladar and Neera eventually fall in love after Neera sees Aladar helping the dinosaurs  survive. However, Bruton, having been sent by Kron to find water upon arrival at the lake, returns injured by the Carnotaur which killed another Iguanodon that was scouting with him. Kron evacuates the herd from the lake bed in a rush, leaving Aladar, the lemurs, the elderly dinosaurs, and the injured Bruton behind. The small group recuperates in a cave during a rainstorm, with Bruton eventually befriending them. When the Carnotaur pair attacks, Bruton’s loyalty is proven when he kills one of them as the others escape to the depths of the caves, being killed in the process. But one of the Carnotaurs escapes, enraged by the death of its mate but unable to follow the group. Upon reaching a dead end, Aladar begins to lose hope, after repeated failures and the loss of Bruton. His friends all join in breaking down the dead end, stabilizing his confidence. Finally, Baylene demolishes the wall. The dead end actually leads to the "Nesting Grounds", where Eema sees that the old entrance – where the herd has gathered on the other side – has been blocked by a landslide generated by the meteors. Aladar rushes to find the herd on the other side, accidentally alerting and being tracked by the Carnotaur. He finds the herd being directed by Kron to climb the rocks, which can\'t be passed without fatality, but when he suggests the alternate route he found, Kron becomes enraged at his authority being questioned and challenged, and battles Aladar for leadership of the herd. Despite landing a few good hits, Aladar is outclassed by Kron, who only stops short of killing Aladar when Neera, tired of her brother\'s illogical beliefs, strikes him down and defends Aladar. Aladar and Neera take control of the herd, but Kron refuses to submit to the leadership of another and begins climbing the rocks himself. The Carnotaur then confronts them, but Aladar rallies the herd to drive it off by standing together and scaring it off with intimidation. The Carnotaur leaves the herd alone, but spots Kron who mistakes that Aladar lead the Carnotaur to the herd climbing the rocks alone, and is followed by Neera and Aladar as it charges to kill the former leader of the herd. In the ensuing fight, Kron is severely wounded by the Carnotaur, but Aladar is able to push the predator off a cliff to its death. Kron, however, succumbs to his injuries and dies with Aladar and Neera at his side. Aladar and Neera lead the herd back to the "Nesting Grounds", where the two eventually mate and have children, and the lemurs find more of their own kind. Plio narrates the ending, wishing for their story to be remembered in history. She then says, "But one thing is for sure. Our journey is not over, we can only hope in some small way our time here will be remembered."'] ['{{Original research}} Romeo is a dog who once lived in luxurious surroundings. One day his owners decide to migrate to London and he is left at the mercy of the servant of the house, who dumps him on the street. Left to fend for himself, he is soon cornered by the local gang &mdash; Guru, Interval, Hero English and a dog-wannabe-cat, Mini, who tell him that this is their domain. Romeo does not know the street lingo and is at a loss for words at first, but he manages to win the gang over with the idea of setting up a business. Together, they set up a successful dog-grooming business until Chhainu , the right-hand of gangster-dog Charlie Anna , arrives to collect "hafta"  in the form of bones. Romeo throws Chhainu out, and the others, terrified, go to Charlie to plead their case. Charlie threatens them with his trio of ninja dogs, whom he calls his Angels, but Romeo tricks Charlie into allowing his friends to leave unhurt. Romeo then meets Laila, who is singing from a rooftop, they dance and he falls in love. To win her over, Laila tells Romeo he must dance with her in front of everyone at the "Moonlight Club" where she performs. Romeo says yes, unaware that Charlie has long wanted her, and anyone who dares go near her is punished. However, Romeo braves the odds and dances with Laila to win her heart. As love blossoms between the two, Charlie, in a fit of rage, captures and terrorizes Romeo. Romeo then promises that he would make Laila fall in love with Charlie. Romeo does not intend to lose Laila, but plans to deflate Charlie\'s ego by having a disguised Mini pretend to be Laila and make it clear she\'s not interested. This only ends up exacerbating Charlie\'s ire, forcing Romeo to promise him a second meeting with Laila. The night of the appointment, however, Chhainu catches Romeo kissing Laila, who then shouts at Romeo telling Laila of Romeo\'s deal with Charlie and angrily says she never wants to see him again. Charlie\'s Angels are then wooed by Guru, Interval and Hero English, and Charlie is chased and caught by the city dog catchers. But just before Charlie is caught with a net, Romeo pushes him under the dog-catchers van to escape while Romeo go\'s, Charlie then convinces Guru, Hero English, Interval and Mini to create a distraction to get the guard away from the van, they succeed and Charlie jumps on the van and says he will free Romeo using a pin in his chain to pick to lock, but the van begins to drive and he falls off, after which Charlie races after the van, losing the pin in the progress, but they improvise with one of Charlie\'s ear hairs. They escape but Romeo feels there no point staying as Laila said she never wanted to see him again, the next day in the morning, Romeo throws his sack onto an open train boxcar about to leave the station but Charlie arrives with Laila and the others, Charlie says to Romeo that he is a fool for leaving Laila when she still loves him, he explained everything and says she is Romeo\'s and no one elses, he lets go of her hand and Laila begins to run after the train, while Romeo holds his hand out for her, Charlie remarks " where have i seen this before". She reaches for his hand and grabs it but the handle Romeo was holding had lost its top screws, making him fall off with Laila, after which they raise there heads to each other and say "I love you" in sync. It then go\'s to the "Moonlight Club" where everyone is back singing a remix version of "Main Hoon Romeo".'] ['"It\'s an everyday universe that exists 7 feet over our heads. They are city birds that you can find in every tree or every corner." Juan: a sparrow that feels ordinary and underestimates his own race. Accidentally, he changes the way he looks, and the same reason that will make him feel unique is what is going to put his life in danger. Feifi: a beautiful canary that manages to escape from the cage of a network tycoon Mr. Puertas, and starts trying a new life in freedom, as a common bird. Both of them will need to be something that they aren\'t and will face danger and adventures with their friends . A clumsy cat, some psyco Southern Lapwings and Mr. Puertas will make everything even harder for them. Juan and Feifi will try to shape their destiny to feel truly free.'] [' The film begins with Turaga Vakama  describing a land that existed before Mata Nui called Metru Nui. The residents of the great city believed that the warriors known as the Toa would protect them, but eventually they were all defeated, save for one named "Lhikan". Lhikan travels throughout the entire city, giving Toa stones to six Matoran: Whenua, Nuju, Matau, Onewa, Nokama, and Vakama. After giving the last stone to Vakama, Lhikan is captured by two Dark Hunters called Nidhiki  and Krekka. Vakama later meets the other Matoran at the Great Temple in Ga-Metru; there, they are transformed into six new Toa. After Vakama has a vision, they all set out to recover the six Great Disks hidden throughout Metru Nui, believing that it would prove to Turaga Dume  that they are worthy Toa. Upon retrieving the disks , the Toa bring the disks to the Coliseum. However, Dume issues that "small gifts" won\'t confirm them as Toa. He then tests them by starting a sea of rising metal in the Coliseum. When the six fail to cross it, and Dume denounces them as "imposters", he unleashes the Vahki  upon them. In the process, Onewa, Nuju, and Whenua are sucked into a massive vortex and imprisoned while Vakama and the others escape the Coliseum by leaping into a chute system. However, the Dark Hunters follow them and manage to get the flow of the chute reversed. The Toa escape, but are left dangling from a dangerous height. While swinging to a tower, Matau falls, but is saved when he discovers that his blades can grant him flight. When the Toa reach the ground, Vakama discovers that the Great Disks can be fused together. He then spots Lhikan’s "spirit star" soaring overhead; as long as it burns in the night sky, it means that Lhikan is still alive. They hitched a ride on a Vahki transport to follow the star. When they arrived in Po-Metru, they encountered the Dark Hunters once more. Just when a battle is about to ensue, a herd of beasts called Kikanalo stampeded through canyons. As the Toa were fleeing, Nokama discovered that her mask allowed her to speak and understand the language of the Kikanalo. After stopping the stampede, she spoke to the leader of the herd and learned that Lhikan was taken to the Canyon of Unending Whispers. They were then taken to a large canyon guarded by Vahki. They managed to bypass the Vahki and the Dark Hunters with the help of the Kikanalo and Matau\'s newly discovered mask power of illusion. While the previous events occurred, Onewa and Whenua were unsuccessfully trying to break out of prison. They then met a Turaga. He explained that mask powers are needed to escape, and how they could be found. He then had the Toa perform seemingly pointless tasks. Eventually, Onewa and Whenua got into a fight in which Onewa discovered that his mask power was mind-control. Nuju then discovered his mask power, Telekinesis, and created a way out. Whenua found his mask power, night-vision, and provided illumination in the tunnel with his mask. They were then reunited with the other three Toa. When they debated where Lhikan was, the Turaga removed his helmet and revealed that he was Lhikan. Vakama finds a small canister holding Dume and learned that the Dume from before was an impostor. A squadron of Vahki suddenly attacked and the group fled on a spare transport. Meanwhile, "Dume" had summoned the Matoran to the Coliseum to be placed in the spheres. By the time the Toa arrived, it was too late; all the Matoran were now asleep. The false Dume then removed his mask and revealed himself to be Makuta Teridax. He plunged the Great Spirit Mata Nui into slumber and began absorbing energy from the city. He then absorbed Nivawk, Krekka, and Nidhiki, thus killing them. Whenua located the Matoran , who were underneath the Coliseum and stored in canisters. After surveying them, they realized that only a few of the Matoran can been carried on the transport and the rest would have to wait. They gathered as many of the spheres as possible, and began their journey out. Along the way, Vakama begins carving the Mask of Time from the disk when all visions he had previously seen reappeared and he came to a revelation: Teridax wanted control of time. To save the Matoran, the Toa must "follow the light". But as they neared, Teridax, now an immense winged being, attacked. Vakama attempted to use the Mask of Time when he confronted the Makuta, but Teridax then launched an attack. Because the Mask of Time only slowed time, Vakama could not avoid it. Just then, Lhikan leaped in and took the blow. The Mask of Time was knocked off of Vakama, and Teridax flew after it. As Lhikan lay dying, he explained to Vakama the Toa\'s duty to the Matoran. He then gave Vakama his mask and died. Anguished, Vakama discovered his mask power: invisibility. Just as Teridax was about to use the Mask of Time, Vakama knocked it away, and the mask fell into the sea. Teridax, enraged, attempts to kill Vakama. After a deadly battle, Vakama managed to trick Teridax into grabbing a towering boulder which slammed him into a wall. The Toa gathered and, combining their powers, sealed Teridax in a protodermis prison. The Toa continued towards the light and arrived on the island of Mata Nui. When all the Matoran Spheres were placed on the beach of Mata Nui, the Toa discharged energy into the spheres, becoming Turaga in the process, and awakened the Matoran. One of the Matoran, Takua, led Vakama to a Matoran whose mask was shattered. Vakama gave this Matoran, Jaller, Lhikan\'s mask and its shape changed to become his. The film then ends with the other Matoran cheering while the symbol of the Three Virtues  appeared in the sky.'] ['At an Air Force base, the military discover a UFO and they send up some F-14s to investigate. The pilots are surprised to find that it is a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog: Jimmy Neutron, Carl Wheezer, and Goddard. Jimmy is attempting to launch a communications satellite made out of a toaster, hoping to communicate with an alien species he believes exists somewhere out in the universe. Unfortunately, the pulse rockets fail, and the rocket starts to fall back to Earth, unable to break through the atmosphere. Jimmy shakes up a soda can, tapes it to the satellite and throws it, propelling it into space. Jimmy manages to eject Carl before the rocket crash lands on his roof. He is reprimanded by his parents and misses the bus to school. Undeterred, Jimmy then tests his latest invention, a form of bubble transportation made from a special pickle jar gum. He catches up with the school bus, but unfortunately, the bubble pops when it hits a tree. During show and tell at school, Jimmy shows Ms. Fowl and the class a shrink ray. He attempts to shrink the head of his rival, Cindy Vortex, but the ray malfunctions and refuses to work. He is teased by everyone, including the most popular boy in school, Nick Dean. After he throws the ray away, however, he accidentally shrinks his teacher, Ms. Fowl . When walking home, Jimmy, Carl, and their friend Sheen Estevez  spot a poster for an amusement park, Retroland, opening that night. When they grow excited, but worried that they won\'t get to go, since it is a school night, Nick tells them that he\'s going and convinces them to come with him by sneaking out. At first they reject, but when Nick reminds them that there is "only one opening night" and leaves, Jimmy, Carl and Sheen make a plan to sneak out to the park if their parents refuse to take them. Jimmy uses various inventions in his lab  to create jewelry for his mother. He gives it to her hoping that she will allow him to go, but she unsurprisingly refuses since it\'s a school night. Things get worse when Jimmy\'s jet pack sets the living room on fire , and Jimmy is now grounded. Using the shrink ray, Jimmy is able to sneak out of the house  and join his friends at the park, where they have the time of their lives. Meanwhile, the communicator is picked up by an alien race called the Yolkians. King Goobot V and his assistant, Ooblar, watch a pre-recorded message from Jimmy, featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth. Goobot pauses the video on an image of Jimmy\'s parents, saying that they look delicious. He sets a course for Earth and kidnaps all the parents in the city, leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids they\'ve gone to Florida for an "extended vacation". On the way home, Carl spots a shooting star, so he, Jimmy, and Sheen wish for no more parents so they could have fun all the time. The next morning, Jimmy spots the note and reads it. The notes are the same for everyone, and with all the children realizing all the adults are gone, they now have the freedom to do anything they choose and celebrate. They do stuff that parents forbid such as flooding the school into a swimming pool, they eat dangerously massive amounts of junk food, they make a huge flood of popcorn near the school, they celebrate with fireworks, dancing, and other fun things. The next morning, Jimmy wakes up and finds school campus and the rest of town in a reckless junk yard of the things they did yesterday. However, all the kids were feeling sick or injured from doing reckless things. Jimmy is sad that his parents didn\'t even say goodbye before they left. Goddard plays Jimmy a heartfelt video recording of his parents telling "Jimmy" that they love him and they\'ll see him the next morning. Jimmy realizes that there would be no point in saying that if his parents knew they weren\'t going to be there and feels that something is wrong. He goes to his lab and compares the note the Yolkians left with notes his parents wrote. Goddard finds evidence of aliens on the computer, and Jimmy tracks them to another solar system. That night, Jimmy, Carl, and Goddard build another spaceship, which breaks down again. However after that moment, the kids in town go to Jimmy\'s backyard and confronts him, thinking he is the one who knows where their parents are. He then locates where the aliens are by Goddard\'s projection. Nick then says that Jimmy will take them to the aliens, and he\'ll take it from there. He organizes the other children in town to build spaceships from the Retroland rides to travel there and get their parents back. While in space, they encounter a meteor shower. They break free from the shower and camp on a nearby asteroid. While camping, everyone recalls what their parents did at bedtime before they were abducted by aliens. They reach the planet Yolkus, home of the Yolkian race, the next day. Eventually they are captured by Goobot, who tells them the parents are to be sacrificed to their god, Poultra. He shows the kids Jimmy\'s video, thanking him for helping him find a suitable species for their ritual. The kids, now furious with Jimmy, are taken to the dungeon. Ooblar takes Goddard to his workshop to take him apart after Goddard offends Goobot. After some kind words from Cindy, Jimmy manages to win everyone\'s forgiveness and comes up with a plan. He calls Goddard on Libby\'s cell phone and tricks Ooblar into thinking Goddard will self-destruct in a nuclear explosion. Goddard then frees the kids using a glitch in his obedience program and they make it to the sacrifice arena. After an unusual ceremony , Poultra, a colossal three-eyed reptilian chicken, hatches from her egg. Nick, who previously promised that he would battle the aliens himself, runs out of the stadium screaming loudly. Jimmy\'s quick thinking allows him to think of a new plan. He sends Sheen to the airfield to obtain an escape ship. Jimmy manages to steal the mind controller thanks to Goddard while the rest of the children keep the guards busy in a short but victorious battle. Poultra blocks their way out of the arena but Sheen knocks her dizzy when his ship hits her in the head. Everyone just escapes with the adults in tow, but Goobot follows them in his ship at the head of the Yolkus fleet, with Poultra not far behind. As the ships open fire, Jimmy skims the surface of Yolkus\'s sun. The solar flares fry the ships to a crisp and destroy all but Goobot\'s ship. The king sends a taunting message to Jimmy, who flies out of the ship with Goddard. He says "You steal my parents, you threaten my dog, you attack my friends, and you made fun of my size! I may be small, but I got a big brain!". He uses his shrink ray to make himself grow the size of a planet, which shocks Goobot. Goobot then calls his thing a mistake and lets them go free. But Jimmy blows the ship into an oncoming asteroid. Goobot vows revenge against Jimmy. The kids are reunited with their parents and Nick comments Jimmy for a great idea. Jimmy reunites with his parents, and they make it home. The movie ends with Jimmy\'s mother and father trying his latest invention, Burping Soda, much to everybody\'s glee. Judy tries to yell at Jimmy for the invention only to burp loudly and the four laugh while Goddard imitates a bird outside.'] [" {{Plot}} Tinkers' Nook is bustling with activity, for the tinker fairies are making snowflake baskets for the fairies of winter. A flock of snowy owls soon arrive for the baskets, bringing a final shipment order for Fairy Mary  with them. Tinker Bell  watches as the birds headed off toward the Winter Woods in awe and curiosity. Later that day, Tinker Bell volunteers to help Fawn  take animals to the Winter Woods to hibernate, but Fawn warns Tinker Bell that they could only bring animals to the border, and they aren't allowed to go into the Winter Woods. With Fawn distracted by a sleeping marmot, Tinker Bell jumps across the border into the Winter Woods. Tink gazes in wonder at the beautiful wintry landscape, enchanted by the delicate snowflakes falling around her, and the strange colors her wings create. The moment ends when Fawn yanks Tinker Bell back into the Autumn Woods. Touching Tink's wings, Fawn gasps at their cold temperature and rushes her off to the fairy hospital. A healing-talent fairy  examines Tink's wings and warms them to normal temperature. Tink remains curious about the sparkles and colors her wings made in the Winter Woods. Tink flies off to the Book Nook, where she finds a wing-shaped book, but unfortunately, it's pages are all chewed through. A fairy ([[Thomas Lennon  tells Tink that the author of the book, the Keeper, might be able to help her, but he lives in the Winter Woods. Preparing herself for the Winter Woods, Tink sneaks into the tinkers' workshop and climbs inside one of the snowflake baskets, and flies her way into the Winter Woods. Suddenly, the owl accidentally drops the basket, and Tink crashes into the snow. Realizing her book had been flung from her bag after the landing, she tries to get it back before another fairy finds it. However, Lord Milori , the Lord of Winter, takes the book from Sled . Lord Milori asks Sled to return the book to the Keeper. Tinker Bell follows Sled to the Hall of Winter, upon arriving spotting the Keeper, Dewey . Then another winter fairy rushes into the room and proclaims that her wings are sparkling. Simultaneously, Tinker Bell's wings begin to sparkle, too. A force pulls her toward the winter fairy, who's name is Periwinkle . The girls ask Dewey to explain what was happening to their wings. Bringing Tink and Periwinkle to the giant snowflake, and positioning their wings, the whole chamber becomes filled with images of a baby's first laugh, that split in half: one to the Pixie Dust Tree, and the other to the Winter Woods. Tink and Periwinkle realize that they are fraternal twins. Suddenly, Lord Milori arrives, concerned over Tinker Bell's book, warning Dewey to send any 'warm' fairy back to the Autumn Woods. Dewey tells the girls they can have a little time to visit before Tink has to return home. The two go to Periwinkle's house, where she shows Tink her various items she had collected. Next, they go to the Frost Forest, to introduce Tink to Periwinkle's friends Gliss  and Spike . They continue to spend time together the entire day. That night outside Periwinkle's house, as Tinker Bell builds a fire to stay warm, she realizes that if she can make it warm in the Winter Woods, she can make it cooler at her home. Suddenly, the snow floor melts beneath them, weakened by the fire. After the incident, Dewey tells the girls that Tink has to go home. The girls realize that they might never see each other again, but Tinker Bell comes up with a plan. When the three fairies reach the border, Tinker Bell begins to fake crying while whispering to Periwinkle to meet her at the border tomorrow. When Tinker Bell arrives home, she asks her friends Clank  and Bobble  for help. Hard at work, some of Tink's other friends stop by and learn of Tinker Bell's sister, excited at the prospect of meeting her. The next day, Tinker Bell arrives at the border with Bobble and Clank, pulling along a snow-maker. Now able to keep Periwinkle cold enough, Peri's crosses the border to the 'warm' side of Pixie Hollow. She meets Tinker Bell's friends, Fawn, Iridessa , Rosetta , Silvermist , and Vidia  and continues her tour of the warm side of Pixie Hollow, until Tink noticed Periwinkle's wings wilting. The snow-maker was running out of ice, and there wasn't enough snow to keep Peri cold, so Tink and Periwinkle return to the border. Lord Milori appears and instructs Periwinkle how to fix her wings. Queen Clarion , arrives too, and explains to the girls that they can never see each other again. As the girls go their separate ways, the snow-maker gets knocked into the stream, and creates a snowstorm. Later that day, Queen Clarion tried to make Tinker Bell understand why the rule about not crossing the border was so important. She tells the story of two fairies who fell deeply in love, but were from the different worlds. One of the fairies crossed the border and broke a wing; an injury for which there was no cure. Just as the Queen finishes her sad tale, it begins to snow, causing a commotion. Queen Clarion, Tink, and a group of fairies arrive at the stream to find Clank and Bobble attempting to free the snow-maker. Finally, they succeeded in pushing the machine into the water, but it continues to snow. The seasons become thrown out of balance, and the life of the Pixie Dust Tree comes into question; if it becomes too cold, it will freeze and stop producing pixie dust. Tink then notices that a flower that Periwinkle had planted is still blooming, despite its warm surroundings. Tinker Bell flies straight to the Winter Woods, and asks Gliss and Periwinkle why the flower was still alive. Gliss explains that frost tucks warm air inside,and Periwinkle suggests that they could frost the Pixie Dust Tree before the cold comes. Tinker Bell and the frost fairies fly to the Pixie Dust Tree. They get right to work, but realize that the job would be too big for them to finish in time. Then Tinker Bell spotted Dewey, Lord Milori, and the rest of the frost fairies flying toward them, helping them frost the tree. Afraid the freeze had come too late, the fairies gather anxiously around the Pixie Dust Well, and rejoice when pixie dust then begins to flow again. Tinker Bell realizes that she had broken a wing when she had flown to the Winter Woods, and warns Periwinkle to go back to the Winter Woods before her wing wilt. As the sisters hold hands and say good-bye, an explosion of pure sparkly light bursts from their wings, healing Tink's broken wing. From that day on, warm fairies can cross over the border into the Winter Woods anytime they like. A coat of frost keeps the warm fairie's wings safe while in the cold. Strong and close friendships between warm fairies and winter fairies blossom, just as warm and beautiful as Periwinkle's flower."] ['Oopsy, Cheer, Funshine, Share, and Grumpy are building WooHoo World, Care-a-lot\'s amusement park. Everyone has a job on the building of the park and Oopsy\'s job is painting the tracks of the Funderbolt ride. He had completed one part of the tracks but realized that he was stuck. Suddenly, he slips into the paint and ruins part of the park. Cheer, Share, Funshine and Oopsy decided to try the Funderbolt ride. After the ride, Oopsy stumbles and makes a chain reaction with plenty of disaster on the way that leaves Grumpy and the others wondering if they can fix Oopsy\'s disaster in time for the grand opening. Oopsy feels guilty for his actions and he wants to help his friends. Funshine recommends that Oopsy place the placing signs all around Care-a-Lot, this keeps Oopsy from causing any more trouble. Cheer gives Oopsy a special whistle in case he needs her help. Meanwhile, a mean bear called Grizzle, who doesn\'t understand the Care Bears and their "caring stuff", has a new plan to conquer Care-a-Lot. He creates a "ride" called the "CareTaker" that steals the Care Bears\' belly badges. But he needs three ingredients to make the CareTaker work: a smiling sun , a crying stormcloud  and a rainbow . He sends out Wingnut on a mission to Care-a-Lot to get the three ingredients. When Wingnut meets Oopsy, they became friends. Wingnut takes Oopsy to Grizzle\'s lair. Grizzle tells Oopsy that he created a new ride but in order to make it work, Oopsy must gather the sunshine, the stormcloud and the rainbow. Oopsy and Wingnut return to Care-a-Lot and later come back to Grizzle\'s lair with the sunshine and the stormcloud but Grizzle isn\'t happy with the rainbow that\'s painted on Oopsy\'s backside and says that they need a "real" rainbow. Oopsy uses the whistle to call Cheer. Grizzle then colors the CareTaker with Cheer\'s rainbow. Then, he told Cheer to try the CareTaker. Cheer rides the CareTaker and her rainbow symbol disappears. Grizzle falls out of his metallic suit, then he gets angry and gets back in his suit. Then, he locks Oopsy and Cheer into a slammer and he tells them about his plans to take all the belly badges off all the Care Bears and conquer Care-a-Lot, and then leaves. Oopsy feels bad about the situation, but Cheer cheers him and helps him figure out a solution to save the day. Suddenly, Oopsy sees one of his tools and uses it to open the bars. Then, WooHoo World is opened for business. When Oopsy and Cheer return to Care-a-Lot, they see that Grizzle stole all the Care Bears\' belly badges and has stored them a translucent ball. Grizzle announces his intentions to use belly badge magic to conquer Care-a-Lot, but when he tries, the magic doesn\'t work for him. Oopsy points out that the magic works only for the Care Bears and those who care. Grizzle then tries to use the Funderbolt ride to destroy the belly badges and manages to destroy the ball. All the Care Bears are very upset about the situation. Oopsy urges every Care Bear to hold hands with each other and remember who they are and how much they care. The magic comes back, as well the belly badges to every Care Bear excluding Oopsy, who drew his own. Wingnut decides to stay with the Care Bears and sends Grizzle to his lair. The next day, when WooHoo World is reopened, Grumpy names a newly added part of the Funderbolt: a corkscrew-shaped ride called "Oopsy Loopsy". The film ends with the Care Bears enjoying WooHoo World with WingNut and some ride the FunderBlot. The end credits show pictures of children showing their Care Bears teddy bears.'] ['The tree that the chipmunks Alvin , Simon , and Theodore  live in is cut down and driven to Los Angeles. Once in L.A., the Chipmunks meet struggling songwriter David Seville ([[Jason Lee  who had his latest song rejected by JETT Records executive Ian Hawke , his old college roommate. Dave also once had a relationship with his next door neighbor, Claire Wilson . Dave also a former boss, Gail . After winding up at Dave\'s interview, the Chipmunks hop into his basket and follow him home. Once at home, Dave discovers the Chipmunks, and is accidentally knocked unconscious. Upon waking, he kicks them out until hearing them sing "Only You". Dave then makes a deal with them; they sing the songs he writes, and in exchange he provides food and shelter for them. However, all does not go well, as Dave\'s job presentation is ruined by their coloring on it, and when Alvin tries to set the mood for his dinner with Claire, things become weird and she rejects him after he tells her, "My life is being sabotaged by talking chipmunks." To make it up to Dave, the boys go to Ian in an attempt to record a song and get a record deal. Once the Chipmunks sing Dave\'s song to Ian, Ian signs them to the label and rehires Dave the next day. After a few singles, the Chipmunks become wildly popular. When Dave expresses concern for their well-being and insists that the Chipmunks are "kids" who don\'t need so much craziness in their lives, Ian convinces the Chipmunks that Dave is holding them back. After a misunderstanding with Dave, they go live with "Uncle Ian". They become enchanted with Ian at first, but once they set off on a coast-to-coast tour, Ian takes advantage of their naivete, changing their image and working them constantly. Meanwhile, Dave misses the chipmunks and he wishes they would come back home. He calls Ian to see if he can talk to them but Ian refuses, and then conceals Dave\'s motives from the boys. Later, the Chipmunks are wearing out, and it is all over the news. Dave, infuriated by what Ian has done to the three, decides to take matters into his own hands by infiltrating their concert. Just before the big concert, a doctor says that the Chipmunks are unable to sing due to exhaustion. Ian refuses to hand out refunds and advises the Chipmunks to lip sync. With Claire\'s help, Dave sneaks into the concert, but is grabbed by the security guards. When the Chipmunks see Dave being taken away, they realize that they\'ve been tricked, decide that they have had enough of Ian, revealing that they were lip-syncing and ruin the concert. Ian catches them just when Dave is about to rescue them. He locks them up in a cage and prepares to take them to Paris. Dave tries to convince Ian to let the boys go but Ian refuses. Ian then leaves in his limo with the boys and Dave chases them but the boys have already escaped to Dave\'s car. Dave immediately pulls over and admits that he loves them like his own family. Meanwhile, Ian looks in the cage and is shocked to see the boys have replaced themselves with merchandising dolls. Sometime later, when the boys are fully accepted as part of the family, they invite Claire over for dinner again. Alvin accidentally creates a short circuit while having difficulty opening a bottle of champagne. Dave is trying not to say it, but the short circuit causes a blackout in the kitchen. Dave can hold it in no longer and says it, letting out his trademark yell "ALLLLVINNN!!", to which Alvin responds with "Okay!". In the film\'s epilogue, Ian  tries to make three squirrels sing, but fails.'] [" Woody is a pull-string cowboy doll and leader of a group of toys that belong to a boy named Andy Davis, which act lifeless when humans are present. With his family moving homes one week before his birthday, the toys stage a reconnaissance mission to discover Andy's new presents. Andy receives a space ranger Buzz Lightyear action figure, whose impressive features see him replacing Woody as Andy's favorite toy. Woody is resentful, especially as Buzz also gets attention from the other toys. However Buzz believes himself to be a real space ranger on a mission to return to his home planet, as Woody fails to convince him he is a toy. Andy prepares for a family outing at the space themed Pizza Planet restaurant with Buzz. Woody attempts to be picked by misplacing Buzz. He intends to trap Buzz in a gap behind Andy's desk, but the plan goes disastrously wrong when he accidentally knocks Buzz out the window, resulting in him being accused of murdering Buzz out of jealousy. With Buzz missing, Andy takes Woody to Pizza Planet, but Buzz climbs into the car and confronts Woody when they stop at a gas station. The two fight and fall out of the car, which drives off and leaves them behind. Woody spots a truck bound for Pizza Planet and plans to rendezvous with Andy there, convincing Buzz to come with him by telling him it will take him to his home planet. Once at Pizza Planet, Buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship, thinking it to be the ship Woody promised him. Inside, he finds squeaky aliens who revere the claw arm as their master. When Woody clambers into the machine to rescue Buzz, the aliens force the two towards the claw and they are captured by Andy’s neighbour Sid Phillips, who finds amusement in destroying toys. At Sid's house, the two attempt to escape before Andy's moving day, encountering Sid’s nightmarish toy creations and his vicious dog, Scud. Buzz sees a commercial for Buzz Lightyear action figures and realizes that he really is a toy. Attempting to fly to test this, Buzz falls and loses one of his arms, going into depression and unable to cooperate with Woody. Woody waves Buzz’s arm from a window to seek help from the toys in Andy’s room, but they are horrified thinking Woody attacked him, while Woody realizes Sid's toys are friendly when they reconnect Buzz's arm. Sid prepares to destroy Buzz by strapping him to a rocket, but is delayed that evening by a thunderstorm. Woody convinces Buzz that life is worth living because of the joy he can bring to Andy, which helps Buzz regain his spirit. Cooperating with Sid's toys, Woody rescues Buzz and scares Sid away by coming to life in front of him, warning him to never torture toys again. Woody and Buzz then wave goodbye to the mutant toys and return home through a fence, but miss Andy’s car as it drives away to his new house. Down the road, they climb onto the moving truck containing Andy’s other toys, but Scud chases them and Buzz tackles the dog to save Woody. Woody attempts to rescue Buzz with Andy's RC car but the other toys, who think Woody now got rid of RC, toss Woody off onto the road. Spotting Woody driving RC back with Buzz alive, the other toys realize their mistake and try to help. When RC's batteries become depleted, Woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back and manages to throw RC into the moving truck before they soar into the air. Buzz opens his wings to cut himself free before the rocket explodes, gliding with Woody to land safely into a box in Andy’s car. Andy looks into it and is elated to have found his two missing toys. On Christmas Day at their new house, Buzz and Woody stage another reconnaissance mission to prepare for the new toy arrivals, one of which is a Mrs. Potato Head, much to the delight of Mr. Potato Head. As Woody jokingly asks what might be worse than Buzz, the two share a worried smile as they discover Andy's new gift is a puppy."] ['In 2805, Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large. BnL evacuated Earth\'s population in fully automated starliners in 2105, leaving behind trash compactor Waste Allocation Load Lifter – Earth Class “WALL-E” robots to clean the planet, but they eventually stopped operating and Earth was left abandoned. One WALL-E unit has managed to remain active by repairing itself using parts from other broken units. It has also developed sentience, as with its regular duties it inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home, has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello, Dolly! One day, WALL-E discovers and collects a growing seedling plant. A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or “EVE”, an advanced robot sent from the BnL starliner Axiom to search for vegetation on Earth. Inspired by Hello, Dolly!, WALL-E falls in love with the initially cold and hostile EVE and wishes to join hands with her, who gradually softens and befriends him. When WALL-E brings EVE to his truck and showcases his collection, she finds the plant and automatically stores it, going into standby mode for retrieval from her ship. WALL-E spends time with EVE while she is on standby. He then clings to the hull of EVE\'s ship as it collects and returns her to the Axiom. On the Axiom, the ship\'s original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship\'s automated systems for most tasks. Captain B. McCrea, in charge of the ship, mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto. WALL-E follows EVE to the bridge of the Axiom, where the Captain learns that by putting the plant in the spaceship holo-detector and verifying Earth is habitable again, the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize. However, Auto orders McCrea\'s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive, secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space. With the plant missing, EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL-E. WALL-E mistakes the process on EVE for torture and tries to save her, accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots, while the security systems then designate both WALL-E and EVE as rogue. Angry with WALL-E\'s disruptions, EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home. There they witness GO-4 dispose of the missing plant by placing it inside a pod set to self-destruct. WALL-E enters the pod, which is then jettisoned into space, escaping with the plant before the pod explodes. Reconciling with EVE, they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom. Meanwhile the Captain, learning from the ship\'s computer, becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment. The plant is brought to the captain, who surveys EVE\'s recordings of Earth and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home. However, Auto reveals his directive, staging a mutiny by tasering WALL-E, incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters. EVE realizes the only parts for repairing WALL-E are in his truck on Earth, so she helps him bring the plant to the holo-detector to activate the Axiom{{\'}}s hyperjump. Captain McCrea opens the holo-detector while fighting with Auto and causing chaos on the ship, but Auto partially crushes WALL-E by closing the holo-detector on him. After McCrea disables Auto and takes back control, EVE places the plant in the holo-detector, freeing the severely damaged WALL-E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth. The human population finally lands back on Earth after hundreds of years. EVE brings WALL-E back to his home where she successfully repairs and reactivates him, but he reverts to his original programming as an unfeeling waste compactor. Heartbroken, EVE gives WALL-E a farewell kiss that jolts back WALL-E\'s memory and personality. WALL-E and EVE happily reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom begin to restore Earth and its environment, shown through a series of artworks at the end.  *Ben Burtt produced the voice of WALL-E , the title character. WALL-E, a robot who has developed sentience, is the only robot of "his" kind shown to be still functioning on Earth. He is a small mobile compactor box with all-terrain treads, three-fingered shovel hands, binocular eyes, and retractable solar cells for power. He collects spare parts for himself, which becomes pivotal to the plot, and replaces broken and/or worn out parts on-the-fly by cannibalizing "dead" WALL-Es. Although working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage  he is distracted by his curiosity, collecting trinkets of interest. He stores and displays these "treasures" such as a birdcage full of rubber ducks, a Rubik\'s Cube, Zippo lighters, disposable cups filled with plastic cutlery and a golden trophy at his home where he examines and categorizes his finds while watching video cassettes of musicals via an iPod viewed through a huge magnifier. **Burtt is also credited for the voice of M-O , as well as most of the other robots. M-O is a tiny, obsessive compulsive maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean. When M-O meets WALL-E and sees how filthy he is, he deviates from his normal routine and follows WALL-E, cleaning up behind him. When he follows WALL-E to the garbage bay, he inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL-E and EVE from being blown into the vacuum of space. He then forms a close friendship with Wall-E and aids the two in retrieving the plant, most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision when Wall-E drops the plant. Back on Earth, he ushers the other robots into giving WALL•E and EVE some privacy as they share a tender moment. *Elissa Knight as EVE , a sleek robot probe whose directive is to locate vegetation on Earth and verify habitability. She has a glossy white egg-shaped body and blue LED eyes. She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped with scanners, specimen storage and a plasma cannon in her arm, which she is quick to use. When first deployed on Earth she appears devoid of feeling but as the craft that delivered her blasts off and away she springs to life with gleeful flight. Watching her, WALL-E accidentally draws her attention as she sets about following her directive growing ever more impatient with both her lack of success and with WALL-E\'s constant monitoring. This shared strength of feeling soon connects the two characters. *Jeff Garlin as Captain B. McCrea, the commander, and apparently only, officer on the Axiom. His duties as captain are boring daily routines, with the ship\'s autopilot handling all true command functions. Meeting WALL-E, however, sparks his interest in Earth and he becomes engrossed in researching the home planet, paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot. *Fred Willard as Shelby Forthright, historical CEO of the Buy n Large Corporation, shown only in videos recorded around the time of the Axiom{{\'}}s initial launch. Constantly optimistic, Forthright proposed the evacuation plans, then to clean up and recolonize the planet. However, the corporation gave up after realizing how toxic Earth had become. Forthright is the only live action character with a speaking role, the first in any Pixar film. *MacInTalk, the text-to-speech program for the Apple Macintosh, was used for the voice of Auto, the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship. Unlike other robots in the film, Auto is not influenced by WALL-E, instead following directive A113, which is to prevent the Axiom and the humans from returning to Earth because of the toxicity, and he will prevent anyone from deviating from it. The robot\'s design is a homage to HAL 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey, featuring a HAL-style red "eye" in the center of his body.{{citation needed|datenotes/>'] ['The story is about the coming of age of a 14 year old boy who grew up refusing to accept the loss of his father. He reaches the planet Raphicca 27.2 million light years away to find that his father is prisoner in a kingdom of giant aliens who believe in magic and a medieval code of chivalry. In the midst of a raging battle between good and evil, Jac rescues his father, his new found family of aliens, the planet of Raphicca, and ultimately, the universe.'] ["After having left their own world due to a loss of natural resources, the winged humanoid Nohrin settle on Jhamora with the permission of the ground-dwelling Lokni. But some of the Nohrin, led by would-be conqueror Sedessa , believe in the superiority of their own race and try to take land away form the Lokni. The parents of Delgo , a Lokni, are killed in the resulting conflict. Nohrin King Zahn  is horrified by the war and admonishes Sedessa, who then poisons the Queen and almost kills Zahn as well. She is subsequently banished, and her wings are clipped off. Delgo, meanwhile, is raised by Elder Marley , who tries to teach him how to use the power of magical stones. Once Delgo grows up, however, he gives in to his desire for revenge against the Nohrin as a whole. But then he meets Princess Kyla  of the Nohrin and develops a tentative friendship with her. When she is kidnapped by Nohrin General Raius , who is actually working for Sedessa, Delgo and his friend Filo  are blamed and arrested. In the Nohrin prison, Delgo meets Nohrin General Bogardus , who was forced to illegally gamble with his weapons by Raius, because Bogardus opposed an all out war with the Lokni. Delgo, Filo, and Bogardus escape into some underground caverns and eventually reach Sedessa's stronghold and rescue Kyla. Together they hurry back to try to stop the war from taking place. They are too late, for the war has already begun. Bogardus meanwhile fights and defeats Raius, but is soon after mortally injured. Just as Bogardus dies, Delgo realizes that he was the Nohrin soldier who spared his life many years ago during the first war between the Nohrin and the Lokni. Meanwhile, Sedessa's army of monsters join in the battle. Kyla convinces the Nohrin generals to direct their troops to stop fighting the Lokni and instead pick them up and fly them away from the battlefield. Filo then directs an entire stampede of large animals onto the battlefield, sending Sedessa's minions fleeing for their lives. Delgo goes off to face Sedessa and find King Zahn, whom she has taken prisoner. He finally manages to master the stone magic, and defeats Sedessa. He also puts the past behind him by saving her rather than letting her fall to her death. However, Sedessa then attacks Kyla, who has come to Delgo's aid. The two struggle and Sedessa finally falls, her artificial wings being of no use. Later, during the celebrations, it turns out Raius wasn't dead, and he makes one last attempt to end Delgo. He is subdued by a Nohrin, but not before he throws his spear at Delgo. Then, out of nowhere, the spear breaks in mid-air. Everyone turns to look at Filo, who has finally mastered his slingshot. Later, Delgo and Kyla's friendship blossoms into romance when they finally kiss."] ['Gru , a super-villain, has his pride injured when an unknown super-villain steals the Great Pyramid of Giza; an action that is described as making "all other villains look lame". Gru decides to do better by shrinking and stealing the moon, an idea based on his childhood dreams of being an astronaut, which were always discouraged by his mother . The plan is quite expensive, and Gru seeks a loan from the Bank of Evil. The Bank\'s president, Mr. Perkins , is impressed by the plan but will only provide the money if Gru can obtain a shrink ray first. Gru and his minions steal a shrink ray from a secret base in Asia, but the up-and-coming super-villain, Vector , who was also responsible for the Pyramid theft, immediately steals it from Gru. Gru attempts to break into Vector\'s fortress to get the shrink ray back, but is defeated by numerous booby traps. However, he notices three orphan girls, Margo , Edith , and Agnes , easily walk into the base to sell Vector cookies. Gru, faking his credentials, adopts the girls from Miss Hattie\'s Home for Girls, planning on using them to infiltrate Vector\'s base. However, Gru has much difficulty nurturing them properly between their own rambunctiousness, their ballet classes, and his own ineptitude as a parent. Eventually, Gru and the girls arrive at Vector\'s fortress, and Gru manages to steal the shrink ray. The girls suggest a day at the local theme park, whereupon Gru agrees, believing he can leave the girls there. He warms up to the girls over the course of the day. Later, Gru returns to the Bank of Evil for his loan, but Perkins rejects him again, stating that they would rather see a younger super-villain, such as his son Vector, complete the theft. As Gru mopes about at home, the girls offer the contents of their piggy bank to fund the plan. Gru, inspired, sacrifices parts of his lair to construct the spacecraft. Gru plans to steal the moon when it is nearest the Earth, but this ends up being the same day as the girls\' ballet recital. Gru becomes conflicted, and Dr. Nefario, seeing this as interfering with the plan, arranges for the girls to be returned to the orphanage. Gru proceeds with his plan to steal the moon, successfully shrinking it to fit in his hand, but is too late for the recital. He then receives a note from Victor, who has kidnapped the girls, telling him to give him the moon in exchange for them. Gru makes the trade, but Vector reneges on the deal, flying off with the girls and the moon. Meanwhile, Dr Nefario has discovered that the effects of Shrink Ray are not permanent; the bigger the object, the faster it will regain its normal size. As the moon starts to expand in Vector\'s ship, Gru, Dr. Nefario, and the minions pull off a daring mid-air rescue of the girls, just as the moon explodes out from Vector\'s ship and launches itself back into orbit. Some time later, Gru has readopted the girls and treats them as his daughters, and he writes them a bedtime storybook framed around his own experience. The girls perform their own ballet recital for Gru, his mother, Dr. Nefario, and the minions, with the movie ending as they all get on stage to dance to "You Should Be Dancing".'] ["A small bird lands on a telephone wire and makes itself comfortable, only to have a second bird land next to it. As the two birds start to fight, many others land on the wire and join in. They are interrupted when a very large, gangly, awkward-looking bird sitting on top of the pole honks to them. Soon, the small birds start mocking the large one by puffing up their feathers to resemble its plumage and imitating its honk. They then slide farther out along the wire and chatter suspiciously among themselves, ignoring the large bird's attempts to befriend them until it settles on the wire. However, its weight causes the wire to sag almost to the ground and all the small birds slide down toward it. As the large bird keeps trying to make friends, the small ones get annoyed and try to push it off the wire, only for it to hang upside down by its feet. The two nearest the center start pecking at its toes, egged on by the rest of the crowd. One of the other birds suddenly panics, realizing how low the wire is, and tries to stop the pecking. The others understand and stop too late; when the large bird's last toe slides off, the wire snaps upward and flings all the small birds out of sight. The large one is so close to the ground that it settles down easily, accompanied by a shower of feathers from the small birds. One of them falls to the ground, having lost all its feathers, and the large bird laughs and offers it a leaf to cover itself. The others soon tumble down as well and hide behind the large bird as it laughs even harder. A white splatter against a black screen, similar to the mess caused by bird droppings, marks the end of the film."] ['{{Plot}} On the planet Dorkon, Professor Wally  shows Emperor Jon  his new invention, The Moscram ray gun, a device powered by the Klopman crystal that can scramble inanimate objects and organisms into new creatures under the user\'s control. But Emperor Jon is more concerned about finding a wife to continue the royal bloodline. Soon a warship lands near the palace. Emperor Jon runs into Vetvix , and asks her if he can marry her. She agrees, but only because she wanted to steal the Moscram Ray Gun, and is successful. Professor Wally calls the Pet Force: Garzooka ([[Garfield , Odious , Abnermal  and Starlena . But Vetvix zombifies every member of the Pet Force except Garzooka. He manages to get hold of the Klopman Crystal and escapes with Professor Wally in a secret passageway. The professor uses his computer to search the universe for counterparts with DNA matches with the Pet Force. Professor Wally finds the counterparts, and give Garzooka their pictures and some serums that will transform the counterparts into the Pet Force, and he flies away in his space ship to Comic Strip World leaving Professor Wally behind with Vetvix vowing for revenge. The situation was revealed to be a comic book Nermal was reading during a cookout with the gang. Nermal is really excited about getting the next 100th edition issue. Garfield\'s friends go to the Comic studio to work their new strip, except Garfield who wants to finish all the hot dogs. Nermal gets the new Pet Force issue from a news stand, with Garzooka jumping out of a comic book afterawards. Garzooka heads for Jon\'s house, and is told where Odie, Arlene, and Nermal are by Garfield. Garzooka gives Garfield the Klopman Crystal as well, telling him to protect it. Curiously, the pages of the comic book show exactly what is going on in Comic Strip World with Garfield & his group, but pages of future incidents are blank until the incidents occur. In the break room at the Comic Studio, Nermal, Arlene, and Odie notice Garzooka behind them. Garzooka hands them the serums, asking them to help him stop Vetvix, but they don\'t change immediately after they drink the serums. However it\'s time for Odie, Arlene, and Nermal to go to work and Garzooka follows. Meanwhile, the real Garfield is enjoying a relaxing day all to himself, but is captured by Vetvix , who tourtures him for the Klopman Crystal, but to no avail . Garfield tries to protect the Klopman Crystal, but it is taken by Vetvix and orders her guards to get rid of Garfield. Back at Comic Studio, the gang is interrupted by Vetvix, who crashes her war ship into the Comic Studio, and zombifies most of the characters at the studio. Nermal, Odie, Arlene, Jon, and Garzooka escape to the back alley. Garzooka is wondering why the serums haven\'t taken effect yet. He notices Garfield falling from sky, when Odie, Nermal, and Arlene turn into their Pet Force counterparts, the effects of the serums having been delayed. They plan to bring down Vetvix\'s ship using the antenna on top of a tall tower nearby. Vetvix\'s ship reverses, causing a bill board to break to pieces. The Pet Force hide under one of the broken pieces of the bill board and escape while being chased by zombies and manage to reach the tower by crashing through walls. Eli saves Garfield from Vetvix, by making the air vent suck him in while Jon and a trash can were scrambled then becoming zombies. Vetvix causes chaos, zombifying all of Cartoon World. Eli and Garfield manage to find three survivors: Wally, Wally\'s wife Bonita, and Betty . Garfield decides to name himself and the survivors "The Crazy Crew" and form their own plan. Meanwhile at the tower, Garzooka realizes the zombies are too much for the Pet Force. Luckily Garfield and Wally disguise themselves as Garzooka, and get the zombie\'s attention. The real Garzooka and the Pet Force go to the antenna and use it to bring down Vetvix\'s ship. Meanwhile, the zombies chase Garfield and Wally to the Comic Studio, and Eil opens the pit in the filming area, in which the zombies fall into. Meanwhile, at the tower, Vetvix shoots the Moscram Ray Gun, using the super scramble mode, at the Pet Force. Emperor Jon and Professor Wally break free , and take over the ship, flying into the air, making Vetvix fall off. However, she makes a giant monster by shooting the ray gun at most of the buildings in Cartoon World, and decides to use the monster to destroy everything and get back her ship. Meanwhile, Vetvix\'s ship lands near the back alley of Comic Studio, and the Crazy Crew meet them, who let Garfield enter the ship. The ship flies above the monster, and Garfield jumps off. By using the power of the Super Scrambled Pet Force, and the dropped Moscram Ray Gan, Garfield defeats the monster, along with unscrambling the Pet Force. Garfield and the "Crazy Crew" surround Vetvix, and she backs up into a corner called the "Smile Section", which Betty invented. Garfield shoots Vetvix with the Moscram Ray Gun, and Vetvix becomes a nice woman, the perfect spouse for Emperor Jon. Eli opens the pit and Garfield unscrambles the zombies. Garzooka gives Arlene, Odie, and Nermal the red serums, and drink it. Emperor Jon and queen Vetvix start their honeymoon after Emperor Jon immediately forgave her. Garfield finally wins Arlene\'s feelings, and two gaze at the stars. Suddenly, a trail of stars goes under them and they float into space and dance, before returning to Earth, and the film ends. In the post-credit scenes, the gang watch a video  at the Comic Studio. They notice that Betty is there too, and realize that she followed Garzooka to Dorkon. It looks like there will have to be a new assistant to Charles , the director of Comic Studios, which Nermal is eager to take.'] ['Dummyland is a fictional world inhabited only by living crash dummies. Many make a living testing cars, just like the real ones. The story begins with crash dummy professor Dr. Zub has creating a new "uncrashable" prototype armor called the Torso 9000 and is testing it with the help of crash dummy Ted. Unfortunately the initial trial run goes awry and Ted\'s head is severed from his body. The following night however, Ted is accidentally replaced with the head of the evil Junkman, who can now harness the power of the Torso 9000 and manages to break free from the Crash Test facility. Plotting to destroy the crash dummies, the Junkman sets up his base near an abandoned scrap heap and creates an army of killing machines out of spare car parts. When a valuable disc of information on the Torso 9000 is stolen, and finally Dr. Zub himself is kidnapped, heroes Slick & Spin step in to save the day.'] [' A girl named Penny and a dog named Bolt star on a hit television series called Bolt in which the titular character has various superpowers and must constantly thwart the evil plans of the nefarious Doctor Calico. To gain a more realistic performance, the TV show\'s producers have deceived Bolt his entire life, arranging the filming in such a way that Bolt believes the television show is real and he really has superpowers. Mistakenly believing Penny has been kidnapped by the villain, Bolt escapes from his on-set trailer in Hollywood but falls into a box of foam peanuts and unknown to the film company is accidentally shipped to New York City. In New York, Bolt starts to notice that his superpowers aren\'t working, and rationalizes this is the effect that styrofoam has on his body. He then meets Mittens, a female alley cat who bullies pigeons out of their food. Bolt forces Mittens to help him get back to Hollywood, and after Bolt knocks Mittens unconscious the two start their journey westward on a truck. In Hollywood, Penny is deeply saddened over Bolt\'s disappearance but is convinced by the studio to continue filming with a Bolt look alike. Surprised at his first feelings of both pain and hunger, Bolt is shown by Mittens how to act like a cute, but needy dog, and is rewarded by food. They meet Rhino, a fearless, TV-obsessed hamster and Bolt fan who joins their team. Mittens tries to convince Bolt that his superpowers aren\'t real, but their discussion is cut short by the arrival of Animal Control, who captures them both and transports them to an animal shelter. After being freed en route by Rhino, Bolt finally realizes that he is just a normal dog, but regains his confidence after Rhino  gives him a pep talk. They rescue Mittens from the shelter and escape, allowing them to continue their journey. Along the way, Mittens teaches Bolt typical dog activities , but Mittens refuses to go farther than Las Vegas. She tells Bolt that his Hollywood life is fake and there is no real love for him there. Her emotional rant reveals that she was once a house cat, but was abandoned by her previous owner and left to brave the harsh streets alone and declawed. Bolt refuses to believe that Penny doesn\'t love him, and continues on alone, wishing Mittens the best. Rhino, learning of Bolt\'s departure, convinces Mittens that they must help him, and the two set off to find Bolt once again. Bolt reaches the studio and finds Penny embracing his lookalike. Unaware that Penny still misses him and that her affection for the lookalike is only a part of a rehearsal for the show, he leaves, brokenhearted. Mittens, on a gantry in the studio, sees what Bolt does not: Penny telling her mother how much she misses Bolt. Realizing that Penny truly does love Bolt, Mittens follows Bolt and explains. At the same time, the Bolt-lookalike panics during the show\'s filming and accidentally knocks over some flaming torches, setting the sound stage on fire with Penny trapped inside. Bolt arrives and reunites with Penny inside the burning studio, but they cannot get out. In desperation, and unwilling to abandon Penny, Bolt uses his "super bark". The firefighters hear the noise through the building\'s air vent and manage to rescue them before they succumb to smoke inhalation. Penny and her mother subsequently quit the show when their agent attempts to exploit the incident for publicity purposes. Penny herself adopts Mittens and Rhino, and she and her family move to a rural home to enjoy a simpler, happy lifestyle with Bolt and her new pets. The show continues, but with a replacement "Bolt" and "Penny" – "Penny\'s" new appearance being explained in the show as being serious injuries necessitating her undergoing facial reconstruction surgery, and adopting a new storyline about alien abduction . The epilogue scenes during the credits show Bolt, Penny, her mother, Mittens, and Rhino enjoying their new life together.'] ['Lewis is an aspiring young inventor at an orphanage whose inventions have been scaring off potential parents. He decides that his mother is the only one who truly loves him and works on a machine to scan his memory to locate her. Unfortunately, this keeps his roommate Michael "Goob" Yagoobian awake, which then causes Goob to fall asleep during an important Little League game. Taking his memory scanner to his school\'s science fair, Lewis meets Wilbur Robinson, a mysterious boy claiming to be a time cop from the future. Wilbur needs to recover a time machine that a man wearing a bowler hat has stolen. Lewis tries to demonstrate the scanner, but it falls apart, throwing the science fair into chaos. Upset, Lewis leaves while the Bowler Hat Guy, with the help of a robotic bowler hat named Doris, repairs and steals the scanner. Wilbur meets Lewis at the orphanage and asks him to repair the scanner. Lewis agrees to do so only if Wilbur can prove he is telling the truth, which Wilbur does by taking them to the year 2037 in a second time machine. When they arrive, however, Lewis says he can use the time machine instead of the scanner, and he and Wilbur get into an argument and crash. Wilbur then asks Lewis to fix the time machine, but Lewis has another condition: Wilbur has to take him to visit his mother afterward. Reluctantly, Wilbur agrees and hides Lewis in the garage. Lewis doesn\'t stay there for long, however, and ends up meeting the rest of the Robinsons except for Cornelius, Wilbur\'s father. Following Lewis, the Bowler Hat Guy and Doris unsuccessfully try to kidnap him. Meanwhile, the Robinsons offer to adopt Lewis, but change their mind when they learn that he\'s from the past. Wilbur also admits to lying to Lewis about taking him back to see his mom, causing Lewis to run off in disgust. Lewis then discovers that the Bowler Hat Guy is a grown-up version of Goob. After losing the Little League game, Goob had become so bitter that he was never adopted and remained in the orphanage long after it closed. Doris was "DOR-15," one of Lewis\' failed and abandoned inventions. They both blamed Lewis for their misfortunes and decided to ruin his career by stealing the memory scanner and claiming credit for it. Leaving Lewis behind, they take off with the scanner, drastically altering the future to a world minus Wilbur and dominated by Doris clones. Lewis repairs the second time machine, goes to confront Doris and destroys her by promising to never invent her, restoring the future to its utopian self. Back in Wilbur\'s time, Lewis finally meets Cornelius, who is a grown-up version of Lewis. Cornelius explains how the memory scanner had started their successful career, which persuades Lewis to return to the science fair. Wilbur takes Lewis back, but makes one stop first: as he promised, he takes Lewis back to when his mother abandoned him. Lewis nearly stops her from leaving the infant at the orphanage, but decides not to, explaining to Wilbur that he already has a family. Wilbur drops Lewis off in his own time and leaves. Lewis heads to the fair, but enroute wakes up Goob just in time for him to make the winning catch. Back at the fair, Lewis asks for one more chance to demonstrate his scanner, which this time succeeds. He is adopted by Lucille, one of the science fair judges, and her husband Bud, who nickname him "Cornelius" and take him to their home. As Lewis leaves, he turns and waves at Goob, who is also leaving the orphanage with a family of his own and a Little League trophy. The movie ends with a quote by Walt Disney containing Lewis/Cornelius\' motto: "Keep Moving Forward."'] ['{{Plot}} At a young age, Flint Lockwood has always wanted to invent something interesting; however, his inventions malfunctioned, such as the Remote Control Television, Hair Un-Balder, The Flying Car, Rat-bird hybrids, and a Spray-On formula  that have permanently trapped his feet in a solid sealant. He grew up misunderstood by his father, Tim . His mother, Fran , always believed he could succeed, however, she died almost 10 years before the story, leaving Flint with his father. They live in Swallow Falls, a town located on an island under the "A" in "Atlantic" as printed on a map. Since the Baby Brent Sardine cannery closed down, the economy fell and left Swallow Falls with sardines as their one and only source of food. About a decade later, Flint , along with the assistance of his pet monkey, Steve , who speaks through a thought translator , invents a machine that uses microwave radiation to mutate water into food, called the FLDSMDFR. The machine requires a lot of electricity to work, so Flint sneaks out of his father\'s fishing tackle shop while he is watching Mayor Shelbourne  and "Baby" Brent McHale  unveiling a new tourist attraction, Sardine Land. Flint is stopped by police officer Earl Devereaux , but gets away. Flint then goes to the power plant and hooks up the machine. The machine absorbs millions of megawatts of electricity and ends up rocketing through town and shooting up into the stratosphere, destroying Sardine Land. Flint, a failure, runs away and goes under one of the docks. While recuperating from his failure, he meets Samantha "Sam" Sparks , a weather intern for the Weather News Network in New York whose big break was foiled by Flint\'s actions while reporting the events about Sardine Land. The two witness violet clouds shaped like cheeseburgers floating over the town that rain cheeseburgers, much to everyone\'s surprise and joy. Realizing his achievement, Flint invents a communication device to send orders to the FLDSMDFR which is resting in the stratosphere. He starts working for Mayor Shelbourne, and Sam broadcasts Swallow Falls  attracting tourists. He also did an ice-cream snow day for the birthday of Earl\'s only son, Calvin "Cal" Devereaux . Everyone is going well until Tim fails to show appreciation for his son, and worst of all, more and more people  start greedily requesting food for Flint to rain. The more food that is ordered will require more clouds for the machine to collect and make the food. Flint notices that the food is beginning to rain in massive quantities, but the Mayor  sees it as a better outcome for him and the city, and Flint is forced to agree. He orders spaghetti and meatballs at the mayor\'s direction for the grand re-opening ceremony. The next day, citizens and worldly tourists crowd Chewandswallow and cheer on Flint who cuts the ribbon. Suddenly, a large destructive tornado formed of spaghetti and meatballs threatens the town. Flint rushes to the lab to turn the FLDSMDFR off, but finds the Mayor ordering dinner. Flint attempts to send a \'kill code\' to stop the machine. However, the Mayor accidentally destroys the communication device while trying to stop Flint from turning off the machine. Flint asks the Mayor what he exactly ordered, and the Mayor timidly replies to Flint that he ordered a Vegas-style all-you-can-eat buffet. A massive food storm threatens the world and Flint loses hope. However, his father encourages him to fix the mess and hands him his lab coat that he lost in the recent disaster. Flint gains confidence and places the kill code in a USB flash drive and invents the Flying Car 2, but is then met by the angry townspeople, who, told by the Mayor, want to get back at him for dooming their world. Fortunately, Earl comes to the rescue, stating that the townspeople themselves are to blame since they have been pushing Flint into making so many orders in the first place. Realizing this, the townspeople agree and spare Flint, allowing him, Sam, her cameraman, Manny , Steve, and Brent to set out to destroy the FLDSMDFR and save the world while they work together with the remaining tourists to escape Chewandswallow. Entering the stratosphere, they find that the machine is the sole core of a giant meatball — a meateroid — and that it is aware of the heroes so it sends sentient food to attack them . In the chaos, Flint loses the kill code when the flash drive flies out of the Flying Car 2. Flint calls his father who instructs him to enter his lab and send the kill code to his cell phone. Flint, Sam, and Brent enter the meateroid but Flint is forced to carry on to the machine solo since Brent must fight off sentient roast chicken while inside one and Sam cuts herself on peanut brittle, to which she is allergic and therefore must get access to an epi-pen. Meanwhile in Chewandswallow, the citizens and tourists, with the help of Earl, escape on boats made of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches under Earl\'s orders, while the Mayor escapes on the first one . Mt. Leftovers collapses, causing an avalanche of food — a foodalanche — to destroy Chewandswallow. The foodalanche covers Flint\'s Lab with Tim still trying to send Flint the kill code. However he survives and he successfully clicks send. Flint encounters the machine and jams the phone into the USB port. However, Tim had sent him the wrong document, but Flint destroys the machine by using his Spray-On formula into the food extraction hole. Sam and Brent escape the meateroid before it explodes. They return to the aftermath of Chewandswallow. Flint returns safe and alive carried by his Ratbirds. Tim finally shows his appreciation for Flint and Flint and Sam celebrate and they kiss. The end credits show that everyone is now using a new machine to change the world into a food paradise, while the Mayor  is deflated back to his normal size and arrested for his greedy actions.'] ['Barbie tells a story to her little sister Kelly, who does not have confidence in her painting abilities. Rapunzel lives as a servant to the witch Gothel, who resides in a manor isolated in the woods. She grows up believing that Gothel saved her from abandonment as an infant. Rapunzel finds companionship in Penelope, an outgoing dragon, and Hobie, a worrisome rabbit. Rapunzel spends what free time she has painting beautiful pictures of places she dreams of going when she is free one day. However, Gothel disapproves of Rapunzel\'s hobbies and accuses her of not appreciating everything that Gothel has done for her. While preparing tea for Gothel, Penelope accidentally finds a secret staircase which leads to an old room below the manor. In it they discover a gift from her parents who allegedly deserted her: a silver hairbrush engraved with the following: “Constant as the stars above, always know that you are loved. To our daughter, Rapunzel on her first birthday. With Love Forever, Mother and Father.” These words leave the young artist questioning her past for the first time. Her diversion is quickly interrupted by Gothel’s calls for tea. After serving Gothel her meal, Rapunzel and her friends revisit the cellar where Peneolope exposes yet another secret: a tunnel leading to the nearby village. Rapunzel takes this path to the small kingdom and is able to rescue a princess named Katrina from a pitfall. Soon after, Rapunzel is introduced to Katrina’s elder brother, the handsome Prince Stefan. He explains to her that the trap Katrina managed to escape was put there by King Wilhelm, the ruler of an opposing kingdom. Enchanted by the mysterious maiden, Stefan asks to meet her again, to which she agrees, though their meeting is ended abruptly before Stefan could tell her his name when she quickly rushes back to the woods to avoid being discovered by Gothel. Unknown to Rapunzel, Gothel\'s pet ferret, Otto, has witnessed the entire exchange. Angered, Gothel demands Rapunzel tell her the boy\'s name. Rapunzel insists that she does not know it but Gothel does not believe her, thinking she has been lying to her despite that she knew his existence. Rapunzel tells her that she cannot keep her locked away forever to which Gothel responds: Watch me. Gothel destroys Rapunzel\'s paint and paintings before transforming her bedroom into a tall tower and stations Hugo, Penelope\'s father, outside. Gothel refuses to let Rapunzel go until she tells her the name of the boy she met. That night, Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her tower. He came up by climbing her long hair. When up there, they are about to kiss, but Gothel shows up and separates them. Rapunzel then wakes up and reads the engraving on the hairbrush. She realizes that there is still hope. Going back to sleep, a shower of light turns the hairbrush into a paintbrush. It is revealed that Gothel is the fiendish puppet-master of the whole feud and is enjoying watching the two kings attempt to destroy one another. Rapunzel is left alone with Hobie and Penelope, who cheer her up with new paint to replace the ones taken away from by Gothel. Hobie discovers the paintbrush and Rapunzel begins to paint. It soon becomes clear that she doesn\'t need paint and whatever she paints becomes real. Rapunzel paints the village and then steps through, arriving at the palace gardens and meets Stefan. She shows him the brush and asks for help to find its maker but insists that he never tell her his name. She meets a silversmith who says his brother made it, who lives in Wilhelm\'s side. The silversmith has not seen his brother in years, making him very upset. Stefan realizes that the feud is hurting the villagers more than he realized. Afterward, Stefan asks Rapunzel to a masked ball. She replies that she will meet him there. He tells that her hair is a \'beautiful give away.\' Penelope soon arrives explaining that Gothel is coming and they must leave so that Hugo will not be hurt. Rapunzel leaves and paints a way out. When back at the tower, Rapunzel uses the paintbrush to paint herself a beautiful gown. Hobie and Penelope provide a mask. Unfortunately, the paintbrushes light can be seen and Otto sneaks in. He quickly steals the invitation without their notice and presents it to Gothel. Angered, she arrives at the tower and slices off Rapunzel\'s hair and breaks the paintbrush into pieces. She also manages to destroy the painting of the village. Because she thinks Rapunzel refused to tell the truth, Gothel puts a spell around her tower, which holds people who lie forever and can never be broken. Gothel then storms to King Frederick and Stefan\'s castle, intent on destroying them. Back at the tower, Rapunzel manages to escape with the help of Penelope and Hugo, as the spell only works if the prisoner is a liar, which Rapunzel is not. She then rushes to save Stefan. Stefan is lured away from the part by Gothel, who is disguised as Rapunzel. Gothel reveals herself and begins her attack. King Wilhelm appears before King Frederick, hoping to end the feud by force. It is revealed that the source of the feud is that Wilhelm believes Frederick kidnapped his daughter, who has been missing since she was an infant. Frederick replies that he planned nothing of the sort and he has no idea where Wilhelm\'s daughter is, to which Gothel reveals that she took Rapunzel because Wilhelm "loved" her but married another woman, as he saw her only as a friend. Rapunzel arrives just in time to stop them from fighting and Wilhelm recognizes her as his daughter. A battle ensues, and Gothel begins to attack Rapunzel with magic. As Rapunzel runs into the royal maze she remembers the magic painting of the tower and tricks Gothel into running into it. She finds herself in Rapunzel\'s tower, which Hugo reminds her she can\'t escape as she has a lying heart. Rapunzel is reunited with her father and mother, and marries Stefan, thus their fathers reconcile to re-unite their kingdoms, with Hugo, Penelope, Hobie living in the castle with them. It is revealed that Otto now serves Gothel but it is implied that she died soon after. A shot is seen of Rapunzel and Stefan walking along a beach, which is the same one as Rapunzel painted with a castle in the distance, implying her dreams came true. The scene becomes the painting Barbie had been working on. Kelly now feels better and begins painting with blue which turns into the credits.'] ["The story is being told by Barbie to her little sister Kelly, who is feeling uneasy about being at camp overnight for the first time. She remembers the story while looking at constellations, being started on after finding Cygnus. The story begins with Odette dancing in her father's bakery. Odette feels happy because she knows how to dance a ballet dance which is to be very hard to handle or to be practiced. Her sister is also shown as a fast horse rider. A unicorn named Lila arrives in the village and manages to escape hunters and runs into an Enchanted Forest with the curious Odette on her heels. Lila becomes trapped and Odette unknowingly removes a magic crystal , unaware that the Fairy Queen is watching,then Odette was shocked with what is happening. She uses it to free Lila and the Fairy Queen tells Odette that she is the chosen one for the crystal chose her by letting her take it away from the tree. She explains that Odette is the one who will purge the evil plaguing the forest, the Fairy Queen's cousin, Rothbart. Odette, not wanting to get mixed up in the situation, refuses. The Fairy Queen complies but sends Lila to escort her out and give one last try at convincing her. Rothbart appears in the wood with his daughter, cornering Odette by a tree. There she is trapped and transformed into a swan by the evil wizard, who wants to use Odette and the crystal to defeat his enemy the Fairy Queen. The Fairy Queen is able to partially counter the spell so that Odette retains her human form by night, although she will still have to turn into a swan by day. Odette also meets the other elves of the forest: Carlita, now a skunk, Ivan, a porcupine as well as a few others. Odette's father and sister, Marie, start looking for her, afraid because Odette is missing. Prince Daniel, the prince living in the castle in Odette's village, is introduced. A spirited man, he prefers exploring rather than marriage, much to the dismay of his mother. The fairy queen also gives Odette a crown with the crystal in it that will protect her from Rothbart. Odette is determined to find a solution to the problem and goes to a magical library to find it. However, they are unable to locate the book and Odette is disheartened. Rothbart lures Prince Daniel into the forest, determined to get him to hunt Odette. However, Daniel is captivated by the swan's beauty and decides to let it live. The two soon fall in love when he sees her true form.They dance gracefully and afterwards Odette transform into a swan. Daniel asks Odette to a ball, but at first she denies until he finally convinces her to come. Odette agrees. Soon, Erasmus-the troll in charge of the library- arrives, having found the book. He reveals to them that the solution is true love. Realizing that Daniel can save them all, the Fairy Queen teaches Odette how to waltz at the ball but are interrupted when Erasmus is kidnapped. They manage to save him but Rothbart learns of what will be his downfall. So, he transforms his daughter Odile to look like Odette in the eyes of Daniel. Odette races to get to Daniel but is too late. At the ball Prince Daniel pledges his love to Odile, thinking her to be Odette. Odette, who was trapped outside in swan form, is unable to tell Daniel about the trick. Odette falls to the ground, the crystal having lost its power and she is mortally weakened. Rothbart reveals the truth and he and Odile escape. Daniel runs after them and the Fairy Queen attempts to revive Odette, who is barely alive. However, Rothbart turns her  into a mouse and attempts to kill Odette and Daniel. The two fall onto each other, their hands intertwined. At that moment, the crystal's power explodes outwards, stopping Rothbart, as they two were truly in love. The two awaken and all of Rothbart's evil is undone. At last, Odette and Prince Daniel confess their love for each other. Everyone from the village and the Enchanted forest celebrate. It is revealed that Odette and Daniel are to be married and are finally happy. Rothbart gets his just dessert as he is now a Cuckoo Clock while Odile is a maid. At the end, it is shown the story has given Kelly a new resolve and she promises she will participate in the race the following day. She yawns and heads off to bed, with Barbie smiling behind her."] ['The film stars the familiar characters from the Finnish TV show The Autocrats in a fairy tale where the inhabitants of a small Finnish village have to defend themselves against a despotic emperor.'] ["Once upon a time there were two children nursed by Jénane: Azur, a blond, blue-eyed son of a nobleman, and Asmar, the tan skinned and dark-eyed child of the Jenane. The nurse tells them the story of the Djinn-fairy waiting to be released from her chamber by a good and heroic prince. Brought up together they are as close as brothers until the day Azur's father cruelly separates them, banishing the nurse and Asmar from his home and sending Azur away to the city to receive schooling from a personal tutor. Years later, Azur is haunted by memories of the legendary Djinn-fairy, and takes it upon himself to journey all the way to Asmar's homeland to seek it out. Now reunited, he finds that Jénane has since become a successful merchant, while Asmar is now a member of the Royal Guard. However, Asmar also longs to find the Djinn-fairy, and only one of the two youths can be successful in their quest."] [' Before Shrek and Donkey rescue Princess Fiona in the first film, King Harold and Queen Lillian – desperate to lift their daughter\'s curse – meet with con artist Rumpelstiltskin, who wishes to become King of Far Far Away in exchange for helping them. But before the deal is contracted, the king and queen learn that Fiona has been rescued. Rumpelstiltskin is then shown to have become washed up as a result and subsequently bitter towards Shrek for inadvertently ruining his plans. In the present, Shrek has steadily grown tired of being a family man and celebrity among the local villagers, leading him to yearn for the days when he felt like a "real ogre". He takes his family to Far Far Away to celebrate his children\'s first birthday. Shrek gets annoyed when the three little pigs eat the kids\' cake along with most of the other party food. A boy named Butterpants  demands that Shrek roar. After he lets out a frustrated roar the entire crowd cheers, reinforcing his belief that no one considers him to be a true ogre. This coupled with the fact that the birthday cakes were decorated with a "cute" Ogre named "Sprinkles" finally makes Shrek snap and he smashes the new birthday cake in anger. He and Fiona argue outside about his reaction which ends with Shrek rashly agreed that he was happier before he\'d rescued her. After storming off, Shrek encounters Rumpelstiltskin. Rumpel, who had observed Shrek\'s angry outburst with Fiona, seizes his chance. He follows Shrek and arranges what appears to be an accident where he is trapped under his carriage. Shrek helps him and Rumpel being "grateful", gives Shrek a ride and a meal. When Shrek voices his frustrations, Rumpel offers to give Shrek a day to live like a real ogre in exchange for a day from his childhood that he would not remember being erased. Shrek signs the contract and appears in a reality where he is still feared by villagers. He takes the opportunity to cause some light hearted mischief until he finds wanted posters for the ogress Fiona and his home deserted and desolate. He is kidnapped by witches and taken to Rumpelstiltskin, now the King of Far Far Away and possibly Emperor of a good deal more, which has become derelict and run down. Rumpelstiltskin uses ogres and some of Shrek\'s friends as slave labor. Upon inquiry, Rumpelstiltskin reveals that the day he erased was the day that Shrek was born. Therefore, Shrek never saved Fiona, never met Donkey, and consequently Rumpelstiltskin was able to get Harold and Lillian to sign their kingdom away, then cause them to disappear. When the day ends, Shrek will fade from existence. Shrek escapes Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle with Donkey. Initially terrified of Shrek, Donkey decides to trust him after seeing Shrek cry over his lost past, something he had never seen an ogre do before. After Shrek explains the situation, Donkey helps him find a loophole: the contract will be nullified if Shrek and Fiona share true love\'s kiss. Shrek and Donkey first travel to the dragon\'s keep where Fiona was kept and find the place deserted and the lava from the crater under the castle has been drained. They soon encounter a band of ogres who are resisting Rumpelstiltskin. The ogres are led by Fiona, who is still cursed after escaping from the tower where she was held captive, and keeps the retired and overweight Puss in Boots as a pet. Shrek does everything he can to gain Fiona\'s love, but she is too busy preparing an ambush on Rumpelstiltskin. She is also bitterly cynical and disillusioned about the power of true love and throws herself into planning Rumpelstiltskin\'s capture. While sparring with her, Fiona begins to like Shrek, but stops short of kissing him. Shrek is discouraged, but Puss encourages him to continue pursuing Fiona. During the ambush, the ogres are captured by the Pied Piper, though Shrek and Fiona managed to escape with the intervention of Puss and Donkey. Shrek insists Fiona kiss him, saying it will fix everything, but because Fiona does not truly love him it is ineffective. Upon hearing that Rumpelstiltskin is offering anything desired by the one who captures Shrek, Shrek surrenders himself in exchange for all the ogres being released. Fiona remains in custody because she is only an ogre by night . Shrek and Fiona are to be fed to Dragon, but Donkey, Puss and the ogres raid Rumpelstiltskin\'s castle, allowing Shrek and Fiona to both subdue Dragon and capture Rumpelstiltskin. As the sun rises, Shrek begins to fade from existence. But Fiona, having fallen in love with him, kisses him just before he disappears, thereby voiding the contract and restoring the world to just before Shrek originally lashed out at everyone. Shrek embraces his friends and family with a newfound appreciation for everything he has, truly living happily ever after.'] ['Theodore "Ted" Wiggins, an idealistic 12-year-old boy, lives in "Thneedville", a walled city that, aside from the citizens, is completely artificial: everything is made of plastic, metal, or synthetics. Ted sets out to find a real tree in order to impress Audrey, who Ted has a crush on. His energetic grandmother suggests he speak with the Once-ler about this, if he wishes to visit him, he must pay fifteen cents, a nail and a shell of great-great-great grandfather snail. When he sets off outside the city discovers that their city has been closed off from the outside world, which is a contaminated and empty wasteland. The Once-ler agrees to tell Ted about the trees if he listens to his story over multiple visits. Ted agrees, even after the mayor of Thneedville, Aloysius O\'Hare, who is also the greedy proprietor of a bottled oxygen company, confronts the boy and pressures him to stay in town. Over the course of the film, Ted, with the encouragement of his grandmother, continues to sneak out of O\'Hare\'s sight and learns more of the history of the trees. Over the visits, the Once-ler recounts the story of how he departed his family to make his fortune. In a lush Truffula Tree forest, he met the Lorax. He is a grumpy yet charming orange creature who served as guardian of the land. At first, the Once-ler had a plan to chop down the trees. Eventually, he promised not to chop another tree down. The young businessman\'s Thneed invention soon became a major success and the Once-ler\'s family arrived to participate in the business. Keeping his promise at first, the Once-ler continued Thneed production by harvesting the tufts themselves in a sustainable manner. Unfortunately, his greedy and lazy relatives convinced him to resume logging as a more efficient gathering method. Breaking his promise, the Once-ler\'s deforestation spiraled into a mass overproduction. Flush with wealth, the Once-ler rationalised his short sighted needs into arrogant self-righteousness and the helpless protests of the Lorax could not stop him. The Once-ler polluted the sky, river and landscape, until finally the last Truffula Tree fell outside, and the Once-ler realised what he had done while making the region uninhabitable with his business\'s pollution. With that, the Once-ler was left ruined and abandoned by his own family and became a recluse with the creation and isolation of Ted\'s town that came under young Mr. O\'Hare\'s control, giving him the plan to sell fresh air with the absence of trees. Eventually, the Lorax sends the animals away before departing himself into the sky, leaving a stonecut word: "Unless". At the end of the story, the Once-ler understands the meaning behind the Lorax\'s last message, and gives Ted a gift of the last Truffula seed in hopes of planting it to regrow the forest. Ted\'s desire to impress Audrey is now a personal mission to remind his town of the importance of nature. O\'Hare, determined not to have trees undercut his business, takes heavy-handed steps such as covering Audrey\'s nature paintings, closing off the door that Ted uses to see the Once-ler and forcibly searching Ted\'s room for the seed. Ted enlists his family and Audrey to help plant the seed, which has begun to germinate after coming into contact with water. O\'Hare and his employees pursue the dissidents until they manage to elude him and reach the town center. Unfortunately, their attempt to plant the seed is interrupted by O\'Hare who rallies the population to stop them. To convince them otherwise, Ted takes an earthmover and rams down a section of the city wall to reveal the environmental destruction outside. Horrified at the sight and inspired by Ted\'s conviction, the crowd defies O\'Hare with his own henchmen expelling him from the town. The seed is planted, and Audrey kisses Ted on the cheek. Time passes and the land is starting to recover; the trees are regrowing, the animals are returning, and the redeemed Once-ler is happily reunited with the Lorax.'] [' Deunan Knute is a young highly skilled female soldier and is one of the last survivors of the Global War. During a battle, she is rescued by Hitomi, a Second Generation Bioroid. Deunan attempts to escape from a hospital and takes Hitomi hostage, but is stopped by Briareos Hecatonchires, her former lover, who is now a cyborg. She learns that the war had ended and she is in a Utopian city called Olympus. Its population is half-human and half-clone, a genetically-engineered species called Bioroids. Olympus is governed by three factions: Prime Minister Athena Areios; General Edward Uranus III, head of the Olympus Army; and a Council of Elders. Everything in the city is observed by an artificial intelligence named Gaia from a building called Tartaros. While there, Deunan joins the ESWAT organization. The Bioroids were created from the DNA of Deunan\'s father, Carl, making the Second Generation Bioroids her brothers and sisters. However, they have a much shorter lifespan than humans due to suppressed reproductive capabilities. The Bioroid’s life extension facilities are destroyed by a secret faction of the Regular Army in a terrorist attack against the Bioroids. However, the Appleseed data, which contains information on restoring the Bioroids reproduction capabilities, still exists. Olympus is plagued by conflicting factions. Along with a strike force, Deunan and Briareos head to the building where the Bioroids were originally created. She activates a holographic recording showing the location of the Appleseed data. Dr. Gilliam Knute, who created the Bioroids, entrusted Appleseed to Deunan, but was shot by a soldier. They are betrayed and cornered by the Regular Army. Colonel Hades, the anti-Bioroid terrorist, tells Deunan that Briareos had intentionally allowed his Landmate, a large exoskeleton-like battlesuits, to escape. Kudoh tries to cover their escape to the roof and is killed. Uranus tries to convince Deunan that Bioroids seek to control humanity, and he wants to destroy Appleseed and the D-Tank containing the Bioroid reproductive activation mechanism. Briareos tells Uranus that the Elders manipulated the Army into wanting to destroy the D-Tank, but Athena is trying to prevent them and protect humanity. Hades intervenes and shoots Briareos, revealing a personal vendetta against Karl; he is killed by Deunan as she and Briareos make their escape into the sea. They wash up on a beach. Briareos is badly damaged from the firefight and Deunan doesn\'t want to leave him, but he persuades her to go and find out what is going on with the Elders. Mechanic Yoshitsune Miyamoto arrives in his Landmate and begins repairing Briareos. Deunan takes the Landmate back to Olympus, where the Appleseed data is used to fully restore Bioroid reproductive functions. Despite the relief, Deunan confronts the Council of Elders and force them to admit that they killed her mother. They reveal they plan to use the D-tank virus to sterilize all humans, allowing their race to die out slowly, leaving the Bioroids the new rulers of Earth. They needed the Appleseed data to keep the Bioroids alive, but Gilliam hid the data so they could not move forward with their plan. Athena, stepping in to stop them and announcing that Uranus has surrendered, tells Deunan that the Elders had been acting on their own and had shut Gaia down once they realized humanity had softened their stance against Bioroids. The Elders state that they will soon die since Gaia kept them alive, but that they were ready to sacrifice themselves. They then activate the city\'s mobile fortress defenses, which begin marching towards Tartaros. Athena states that D-tank\'s security system is nearly impenetrable, but a shot from the fortresses\' main cannons might puncture the tank, releasing the virus. ESWAT begins mobilizing, but suffer heavy casualties due to the fortresses\' heavy weaponry. Briareos arrives and asks Deunan to join the battle. Despite the Elders’ objections, Deunan goes with Briareos to the towers. Deunan attempts to enter the password to shut the defenses down, but a malfunction makes it difficult to complete. The final password letter appears by itself, and Deunan secures the D-Tank. The film ends with Deunan stating that the sins of humanity will probably get worse, but that there is always the chance that future generations will learn from these mistakes. She vows to keep fighting for the children, who are "the true new race of man."'] ["Young baseball fan Yankee Irving , whose father Stanley  works as a janitor for New York City's Yankee Stadium, dreams of playing for the Yankees but can't even play sandlot baseball well enough to avoid being picked last. One day beside the sandlot, he finds a talking baseball he names Screwie . While father and son are in the stadium, a thief steals Babe Ruth's famous bat Darlin' , with the result that Yankee's father is blamed and fired. The true thief is Lefty Maginnis , a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs. Lefty works for Cubs owner Napoleon Cross , who desires to see the Cubs defeat the Yankees during the 1932 World Series. Stealing the bat back, Yankee decides to return it to Ruth&mdash;and thereby exonerate his father&mdash;by journeying across the country to Chicago, where the next World Series' games will be played. Darlin' is able to speak, as does her counterpart Screwie, who she constantly argues and bickers with . Much of the plot is driven by Lefty's comic attempts to retrieve the bat from Yankee, with slapstick results. Other scenes involve Yankee meeting others who will help him in his quest: several hobos ; Marti , an African American girl; her baseball player father Lonnie Brewster ; and in Chicago, Babe Ruth himself . A series of improbable coincidences allows Yankee himself to bat for the Yankees, resulting in the archetypal home run . This restores the morale of the Yankees, who score 7 more runs to take the lead and win the World Series. Cross tries to talk Babe Ruth out of accepting the victory, saying that Yankee is too young to be a counting player. This leads to the arrest of Cross, who simply says that he was a fan that cheated. When his part in the plan is revealed, Lefty is banished from the team, although he is able to stay out of jail. Yankee also successfully exonerates his father. Yankee returns home, now knowing what is truly important in baseball."] ['As the story begins, we are introduced to the idea that the Wizard  controls all of the fairy tales and maintains the balance of good and evil in Fairy Tale Land. With the help of his assistants the uptight Munk  and the decidedly goofy Mambo , the Wizard is checking to make sure that all the fairy tales under his care are "on track" to have their traditional happy endings. As we meet him however, the Wizard is leaving for Scotland for a long-overdue vacation. He leaves the kingdom in the hands of Munk and Mambo. Ella is a girl who is better known as Cinderella . She lives as a servant to her step family, dreams of the Prince  who will sweep her off her feet. Her best friend at the palace is Rick , the palace dishwasher. Rick takes it upon himself to deliver the invitations to the royal ball to Ella. Ella sees Rick only as a friend, but Rick secretly loves Ella, although he is too cool and proud to admit it. Rick can\'t really understand what Ella likes about the Prince. Rick\'s Three Amigos, the comic chefs in the palace kitchen, believe that Rick has a bad case of "Prince envy". The Prince does everything by the book, and plans to meet his maiden at the ball. However, things don\'t go as planned at the ball. Thanks to the assistants, Ella\'s evil stepmother, Frieda , gains access to the Wizard\'s lair during the Prince\'s ball. She manages to chase off Munk and Mambo and tip the scales of good and evil, causing a series of fairy tales to go wrong and have unhappy endings including Jack getting stepped on by the Giant , Little Red Riding Hood being eaten by the Big Bad Wolf, and Rumpelstiltskin  winning his bet with the miller\'s daughter and takes her baby. She summons an army of Trolls, witches, 3 Big Bad Wolves, the Giant, and Rumpelstilkskin to her castle. Ella finds out and escapes to the woods, where she meets Munk and Mambo. The trio set out to find the prince who has gone looking for his maiden , in hopes that he will defeat Frieda and save the day. Together, they flee to the Seven Dwarfs\' home. Witches and trolls led by The Ice Queen attack them. The dwarfs hold off the trolls, while they flee with the help of Rick who had stolen a flying broom. Frieda decides to go after Ella herself. She succeeds in capturing her and returns to the palace, with Rick, Munk and Mambo in pursuit. Frieda tortures Ella because if the story had run its course she would have married the prince while Frieda would never get anywhere in life. Rick, Munk, and Mambo slip into the castle and attack Frieda. During the fight, Frieda generates a pit in the floor. Mambo knocks her in, but she uses her staff to fly back up again. After a short battle, in which Rick takes a blast meant for Ella and falls into a deep sleep, Frieda creates a portal by accident. Ella knocks Frieda back and punches her into the portal. Rick awakes from the spell and he and Ella kiss, finally admitting their feelings for each other. Ella and her true love Rick decide to choose their destinies in a world of happy endings and get married. Rumpelstiltskin has shown throughout the movie that he has come to care for the baby, and the miller\'s daughter lets him stay in the castle as the baby\'s nanny. The Wizard returns from vacation where he wasn\'t told about what happened while he was away. In the final scene, Frieda is shown trapped in the Arctic surrounded by elephant seals.'] ["The film begins with Ham III, grandson of the first chimpanzee in space, being a cannonball at his circus and later being criticized by his grandfather's friend Houston. Meanwhile, an unmanned NASA space probe called the Infinity is dragged into an intergalactic wormhole, and crash-lands on an Earth-like planet on the other side of the galaxy. Zartog, an evil-minded inhabitant, accidentally discovers how to take manual control of the on-board machinery and uses it to enslave the population. Faced with the loss of the probe and probable loss of their budget, the scientists have to find a way to regain contact with the probe, to help retrieve the wayward craft. Technical genius chimp Comet gets the scientists to pick them as astronauts to explore the planet and get the probe back, with the help of the fearless Lt. Luna, and their bombastic commander, Titan. The Senator likes the idea, but wants something extra special to grab the attention of the media, and picks Ham. Ham is uninterested in the mission, but he is launched into space despite his best efforts to escape the scientist's training facility. The three chimps enter the wormhole, where Titan and Luna pass out from the pressure, leaving Ham with the task of getting the ship out and landing it. This is done, and Ham and Luna explore the planet, during which their ship, along with Titan, is taken by a group of aliens sent by Zartog. Ham and Luna begin their journey to Zartog's palace, and on the way they meet one of the inhabitants, known to them as Kilowatt. Kilowatt offers to lead them to the palace, but soon after they encounter a flesh-eating monster in a cave. The monster blocks the exit, but Kilowatt distracts it, sacrificing herself so Ham and Luna can escape. The two chimps finally reach the palace, where they discover that Titan has been teaching Zartog some of the probe's features. They rescue him and are able to board their ship, but just as they are about to leave, Ham glances outside and sees Zartog torturing some of the other aliens. He then tells Titan and Luna that they indirectly sent the probe there, and that they owe it to Kilowatt to help save the planet. The three of them exit the ship, which blasts off set to autopilot, but as they are trying to think of a plan, Zartog attacks them with the probe. Just as they are about to get destroyed, Titan tricks Zartog into triggering an ejection mechanism in the probe, which in turn leads to his defeat. The chimps then discover that Kilowatt has survived, and they are able to make contact with Comet and Houston back on Earth through a walkie-talkie. Houston reminds them that if they can redesign the probe, then they can use it to get back to Earth. They manage to do this with help from the planet's inhabitants and they use an erupting volcano to get the thrust they need to escape the planet's gravity. They go into space, and just as they are about to re-enter the wormhole, Titan hands the controls over to Ham, since Ham is the only one who can withstand the pressure, and thus, the only one who can pilot the ship home. Titan and Luna once again pass out. Ham is unsure if he is up to the task until he has a mental conversation with his grandfather, who tells him to believe in himself and to just do things his  way. Ham manages to manoeuver the ship back to Earth and land it with Luna's help, and the Senator, under pressure from the press, decides to dramatically increase the space program's funding. The film ends with a celebration being held for the chimps' return."] ['Three years after the first film, Stuart Little questions his ability after a grueling soccer match alongside George, who kicked him with a soccer ball. He becomes even more downhearted after George\'s toy airplane gets broken in an accident because of him. However, Stuart\'s father, Frederick Little, tells him that for every Little, there is a "silver lining", a good thing that comes out of an apparently bad situation. On his way home from school, Stuart saves a female canary named Margalo who is being pursued by a peregrine falcon, and they become friends. But she is secretly working with Falcon to case and steal from households. When he presses her to find and take an object of value, or lose the sanctuary he promised her, she can\'t seem to concentrate on her assignment, as she is beginning to fall in love with Stuart. Falcon eventually loses patience and threatens to kill him if she doesn\'t deliver. Worried for his safety, she takes Eleanor Little\'s diamond ring. When the Littles see that the ring is missing, they think it has fallen down the sink. Stuart offers to be lowered down the drain on a string to get it, and nearly succeeds. When it breaks Margalo saves him, and his thanks to her only makes her feel even more guilty, so she decides to leave. When he can\'t find her, he assumes she has been kidnapped - and that Falcon is somehow involved. He leaves on a quest to rescue her with the household\'s reluctant cat Snowbell, but not before setting up a plan with George. Stuart and Snowbell enlist the help of Monty, who tells them that Falcon\'s lair is at the disused observation deck of the nearby Pishkin Building. They use balloons to get Stuart to the top, where he finds out that Margalo is Falcon\'s slave, and was forced to take the ring. He tries to save her, but Falcon captures him, and drops him in a garbage truck. Unaware of this, Margalo tells Snowbell that Falcon killed Stuart. On a garbage scow where he has ended up, Stuart blames himself for everything, and has almost lost all hope. Suddenly, he finds George\'s broken plane, fixes it up, and flies to save Margalo, who, having been freed by Snowbell, just fled from Falcon. The Littles, who have discovered his absence and whereabouts follow him by taxi as he begins an aerial adventure through the park, with Margalo at his side. They lose Falcon, but he catches up and makes an attempt to kill Stuart, when he detaches the plane\'s upper wing, damaging the main one and causing it to enter a steep nose dive, which fails when Stuart recovers from the dive, nearly missing the Littles. Unable to run from Falcon, he lets Margalo off. He turns and flies the damaged plane in a kamikaze run while Falcon goes into an attack dive. He uses Mrs. Little\'s ring to temporarily blind him, and jumps out using a bandana as a parachute. The kamikaze attack works and Falcon is struck head on and defeated. Although he survives the attack, he falls out of the sky and lands in a garbage can that Monty is scavenging in, and is presumably eaten by him, but not before Stuart falls when his parachute is sliced apart by the propeller of the shattered plane, and then is rescued by Margalo. Stuart is congratulated by his family, and Margalo, who gives Mrs. Little her ring back, and Snowbell reunites with them as well. That evening, Margalo leaves with the other birds to migrate south, but not before saying goodbye to her friends. Stuart says the "silver lining" is that she\'ll be back in the spring, and his baby sister, Martha, says her first words: "Bye bye, birdie.", as the family head inside to the comfort of their home.'] ["Ark takes place on a dying alien world in which a global war between two technologically advanced human civilizations has reduced the planet to a wasteland. The only way to escape the world is by activating the Ark, an ancient giant robot capable of supporting a human city as well as traveling through space. James Woods plays Jallak, the military general of the reigning civilization, the Storrians, who captured the Ark from the Ceveans. But they are unable to get the Ark to work in order to save their people. The Ceveans, having been enslaved and with only the wasteland to roam free are constantly attacked and brutalised by the Storrians. A leader of their resistance movement is a young resistance fighter named Rogan. Rogan is arrested during a resistance uprising, but manages to escape. He bumps into the general's adopted daughter Amarinth, whom the general had secretly rescued from a Cevean hibernation pod cluster where they had hidden their children for safety. They then meet again during a civilian protest rally and she offers to help hide him and tend to his wounds. Rogan goes with her back to her apartment and meets her pet JuJu, but then vanishes when he discovers she's the Storrian general's daughter. Baramanda, the Empress's manipulative right-hand man, arrives unexpectedly to take Amarinth into custody after discovering the truth of her lineage. Rogan helps her escape from Baramanda and takes her to the resistance base within the slave quarters of the Ark. There she meets with an elderly man who explains Amarinth's birthright with the help of JuJu, who turns out to have originally belonged to him. Unknown to Rogan, and to Amarinth herself, she turns out to be the daughter of the Cevean priestess who originally built the Ark, Amiel, who had disappeared 100 years earlier. Amiel helped construct not just the Ark the Storrians hold, but another known as The Ark of York. The plans for the Arks passed down from the Gods . It took all her strength to create them, causing her to fall into a deep sleep and not awaken again. Before entering her eternal hibernation, she placed her very young daughter into the hidden hibernation pod. Then her body was secretly hidden by her people until discovered by the Storrians. They find Amiel's molecular structure enables her body to generate a pulsing electronic field throughout her bloodstream. Not only does this make her body perfectly preserved despite how long she had been inactive, it is the reason the Arks will not work: she and Amarinth are descendents of the gods themselves and only they have the ability to pilot the Arks. A cell of her dead blood can supply power to an entire building, but it becomes apparent that no matter how much energy Amiel's body retains, since she is dead it's not enough to move the ark. Both civilizations scramble to use Amiel's daughter, Amarinth, to activate their Ark and leave the other civilization behind to die. However, Amarinth, who has ties to both civilizations, wishes to try to find a way to use her power to save everyone. She is opposed by the lifeforce-stealing wraith Baramanda, who wishes to steal the power of the Ark for his own selfish purposes. Amarinth after going to the Ark of York, refuses to pilot it and leave the Storrians behind. Despite her lineage as a Cevean, she was raised as a Storrian. When she finds out her father, Jallak, had been arrested for high treason and was to be executed for hiding her, she demands that Rogan and the others help her rescue him if they want her help. They agree and return to save him. After freeing Jallak, Baramunda tries to drain Amarith's blood but is stopped by Amiel who awakens momentarily to stop him. All escape but Jallak remains behind to save his people, as the Ark starts to fall apart. Rogan takes Amarinth back to The Ark of York as Baramanda merges with the core of the other Ark and awakens it. Amarinth discovers that, just as her mother Amiel died in constructing the Arks, so she would perish to pilot one. Rogan and Amarinth kiss for the first and final time as she merges with the core of York just as The Ark comes stomping up to it. The Arks clash in a giant battle with the earth breaking down beneath their feet. Amarinth grabs the city plate off of SidArk as Jallak and his friend set the self-destruct mechanism. They perish in the explosion as the planet begins to crumble. Rogan narrates at the end as it shows The Ark of York kneeling with the SidArk city plate on another planet flourishing with vegetation. He states that no one knew both civilizations would make it and neither does anyone think it would work out, living together, sharing the planet. He continues saying that it was hard to imagine that their old world, which was now no more, might have looked like this before the war. So the Storrians and Ceveans are going to try to coexist, to preserve this planet and Amarinth's sacrifice. It's difficult at times, and Rogan wishes that Amarinth was there to bridge the gap between the two civilizations. He states that they could have learned so much from her, but that they already had."] ['{{plot}} In 1960, 10-year-old protagonist Arthur is living with his grandmother in a quiet country house. His grandfather Archibald has recently gone missing and he sees little of his parents. His grandmother entertains him by reading stories to him of his grandfather\'s adventures in Africa. One of these stories is about the friendship of the tall, Maasai-like tribe called the Bogo Matassalai with the Minimoys – tooth-sized, elfin beings they believe to be their counterparts. After Archibald had helped the Bogo Matassalai, says the story, they and the Minimoys had given him a large amount of rubies in a show of thanks for helping them. After returning home, Archibald brought the Minimoys with him and lent them his garden as their home. According to the story, he gave the Minimoys the rubies to look after them until he needed them. Arthur has become enamoured of a picture of Selenia, the princess of the Minimoys. It\'s shown that Arthur\'s grandmother has been given a two-day deadline to pay a large sum of money to a building developer named Davido, who has bought her mortgage from the bank and plans to evict the two. Arthur therefore decides to find the rubies in order to pay off the debt. After stumbling across various clues written by his grandfather, Arthur finds the key to the Minimoys\' world. He accidentally puts his grandmother into a deep sleep by dropping sleeping drops into her water and as she begins to snore, he continues. He is met in the garden by the Bogo Matassala, who show Arthur how to get into the Minimoys\' world by shrinking down to their size and becoming a Minimoy himself. The transformation alters his body giving him a big head with pointy ears, longer legs and arms, and spiky white hair. This is done by means of a telescope and the power of a shining full moon. When Arthur is underground with the Minimoys, he learns of a danger to the little people\'s future, posed by the plans of Maltazard, the leader of an army of mosquito-riding rebels named \'Seides\' living in nearby "Necropolis", who plan to conquer the Minimoys by flooding their city. Maltazard is said to have been a Minimoy war hero corrupted by a seductive weevil, by whom he has a son called Darkos. After his corruption, Malthazar became a warlord known as the "Evil M", keeping Archibald as his prisoner and the rubies as his throne. Arthur, reflecting his legendary British namesake, draws a sacred sword from its recess, which he then uses to protect his new friends from Malthazar\'s soldiers. The king gives permission for Arthur to travel to Necropolis, sending with him the princess Selenia and her younger brother Betameche. Armed with Arthur\'s new sword – the use of which they share – the trio embark. En route to Necropolis they are put in danger by Maltazard\'s soldiers numerous times. Arthur is dismayed to discover that the irrigation system of drinking straws he had made to water radishes for his grandmother is being cut apart by the soldiers, who are making plans to use them as water pipes for the coming flood. It is revealed that a flood would be especially devastating to the Minimoys due to the fact that the species cannot swim. During their travel Selenia reveals that at her age of 1000 , she must find a husband within two days. Over the course of the journey, Arthur comes to fall in love with Selenia, a fact she sees and uses to her advantage. Eventually, the questors arrive in Necropolis, where the stubbornly independent Selenia takes the sword and leaves the others. Before doing so, she kisses Arthur, marking him as her husband and the future king. Selenia then confronts Maltazard alone. Maltazard wishes the first kiss of the princess to restore his original beauty; after learning she has already kissed Arthur and she can no longer give him her powers, he decides to kill her. She is captured and incarcerated in a cell where she finds her companions, who have also been seized. In the back of the cell, they find Arthur\'s grandfather, who like Arthur has become a Minimoy altering his body the same way as Arthurs. He has been teaching his knowledge to Maltazard in exchange for food. Selenia feels defeated, but Arthur comforts her. Maltazard allows them to escape 3 minutes ahead of the flood, which they do by using a clockwork car that Arthur possessed, in his human form, until Davido kicked it down the drain. During the adventure, Arthur\'s crush on Selenia has been supplemented by comradeship, as well as by her own affection for him. When Arthur learns of a Minimoy custom stating that newlyweds should not kiss for the second time until after ten moons, Selenia decides she does not wish to wait and gives Arthur a long, passionate kiss before he returns to his human form. He now has an hour wherein to save the Minimoys from the flood. Archibald returns with him to the human world, and to human form, and is reunited with Arthur\'s grandmother. With the help of a royal advisor\'s long-lost son, Milo, Arthur is able to find the pipe on the surface that goes straight down into Necropolis, when Milo signals him by directing sunlight into the ruby and out to the surface. Arthur redirects the flood to Necropolis by dropping a tennis ball down the pipe, which smashes the drinking straw pipes being used to direct the water and blocks the tunnel it was heading through. The Minimoys are saved from the flood; Necropolis is flooded instead. Maltazard abandons the plan, his army, and his son, and flees. The force of the water ejects the rubies and Miro. Arthur and Archibald pay Davido with one ruby; he tries to take all, but the Bogo Matassalai capture him and give him to the authorities . The story closes with the vows spoken by Arthur in his human form to Selenia, who sits high up on a branch in a tree, to wait patiently until the time is right for them to be together. The ending credits then proceed, alongside scenes of every significant character  appearing in Minimoy form to bow. Nena was in it too.'] ['Bride-to-be Susan Murphy  is struck by a meteorite on the day of her wedding to weather reporter Derek Dietl . Instead of killing her, the meteorite exposes her to the substance quantonium, causing her to rapidly grow to over 50 feet tall. Alerted to the meteorite, first by an Arctic base and then the priest at Susan\'s wedding, the military arrives and captures Susan. She is given the code name "Ginormica" and sent to a top-secret secure facility headed by General W.R. Monger . There she meets her fellow monster inmates: B.O.B. , a brainless, indestructible gelatinous blob; Dr. Cockroach, PhD , a mad scientist with the head and abilities of a cockroach; the Missing Link , an amphibious fish-ape hybrid; and Insectosaurus, a massive grub that is even larger than Susan. An alien named Gallaxhar  detects quantonium radiation on Earth and deploys a gigantic robot probe to find it. After the robot lands the President of the United States  attempts to make first contact with it by playing Axel F on a keyboard, but the attempt fails and the impervious robot begins destroying everything in sight. General Monger convinces the President to use his monsters to fight the robot instead. The monsters accept the mission when they are promised their freedom if they succeed. Arriving in San Francisco, Susan is chased by the robot over the Golden Gate Bridge, where the monsters defeat it. Now free, Susan returns home and introduces her family to the monsters. They are quickly rejected, though, after innocently causing a neighborhood panic. Derek breaks up with Susan, claiming that he cannot be married to a freak since she would overshadow his career. At first devastated, Susan realizes that becoming a monster is an improvement on her life, and fully embraces her new role. Suddenly, she is abducted by Gallaxhar, who appears to kill Insectosaurus in the process. On Gallaxhar\'s spaceship, Susan escapes and chases Gallaxhar down, only to be lured into a machine that extracts the quantonium from her body, allowing her to shrink back down to her normal size. Gallaxhar then uses the extracted quantonium to power a machine that creates an army of his clones to invade the Earth. With General Monger\'s help, B.O.B., Dr. Cockroach, and the Missing Link infiltrate Gallaxhar\'s spaceship, rescue Susan, and hot-wire the spaceship\'s power core, activating the self-destruct sequence. During their escape, Susan is cut off from her friends who are trapped in the power core. They tell her to save herself, but Susan instead finds Gallaxhar, who is trying to escape with the quantonium. She tries to force him into releasing her friends, but when he admits he cannot reverse the sequence, Susan instead takes the quantonium, restoring herself to giant size and saving her friends. The monsters leap out of the exploding spaceship and are rescued by General Monger on the back of the transformed Insectosaurus, who has metamorphosed into a butterfly. The monsters receive a hero\'s welcome home. Derek tries to get back with Susan since it would benefit his career, but Susan rejects him by tossing him into the air like a doll. He is caught, swallowed and spit out by B.O.B. on camera. The monsters are then alerted to a giant snail named Escargantua attacking Paris and they fly off to face the new menace.'] ['After the events of the film, Puss is riding his horse through the desert when he is captured by Italian knights. He is then taken to Princess Alessandra Belagomba, whose "Heart of Fire" Ruby, the crown jewel of her kingdom, is missing. At first, it is believed that Puss is being wrongfully charged for the theft, but it later turns out that the Princess only wants to hire him based on his reputation, revealing that a thief called "The Whisperer" was the one who committed the crime and that the Princess\' knights have captured three of his henchmen. The henchmen turn out to be three kittens called the Three Diablos. Though Puss cannot believe that such innocent creatures could be thieves, the princess and her guards are terrified of them. The kittens kindly agree to help Puss on the premise that they will be free if they return the ruby. When Puss takes the kittens to the desert, the kittens quickly turn on him  and bury him alive. Puss later escapes and recaptures the kittens using his wide eyes against theirs. Later, he talks about sending them back to jail for double-crossing him, but he learns that they have no family and are orphans like him. He then sympathetically tells them how he also knows it\'s tough not knowing who to trust and being led to the wrong path, making an example of how Humpty betrayed Puss, just as the Whisperer has done to them. Puss then decides to point the Diablos in the right direction and trains them how to fight and plays with them, becoming friends. He also gives them names: Perla , another Gonzalo  and the other Sir Timoteo Montenegro the Third . The next day, the kittens, turning over a new leaf, show Puss to The Whisperer\'s secret hideout, and is immediately confronted by The Whisperer himself, who, by his name, has a low voice volume and uses his hat as a cone to speak clearly. It is also revealed that The Whisperer himself has used the heart as a decoration for his own belt. After learning that the Diablos brought Puss to him to recover the heart, the Whisperer is about to make them pay for their betrayal, but Puss fights him and lets the kittens escape. They, however, return to help Puss with what they learned from him and The Whisperer falls into a bottomless pit to his death. Puss then returns the heart to the Princess and is rewarded gold, and he gives the Princess the kittens as her new personal bodyguards. They then say their goodbyes and Puss claims "He will never forget them, just as he is sure they will never forget the name of Puss in Boots"; unfortunately, the guards slam the doors before he can finish his goodbye.'] ['After RJ, a starving raccoon, fails to get snacks from a vending machine, he becomes so desperate that he tries to raid a large food cache belonging to Vincent, a hibernating black bear. However, while trying to finish by stealing a can of "Spuddies" potato chips, he wakes Vincent and loses both the food and the red wagon that it\'s on when a truck runs it over. Hastily, he promises to replace everything by the time Vincent reawakens in a week. Meanwhile, a group of forest animals, led by Verne the box turtle, emerge from hibernation to find their food cache nearly empty. They begin foraging but find a large hedge blocking their way. Verne investigates, discovering a human residential community which confuses and frightens him. RJ, who sees the entire commotion, convinces the other animals it\'s easier to raid the humans\' garbage for food rather than forage for it, and they manage to get enough food to keep them from starving. Verne, however, remains wary, especially after homeowner Gladys Sharp discovers the animals in her yard, chases them out through the hedge, and hires VermTech exterminator Dwayne LaFontant to keep them out. Worried for his family\'s safety, Verne decides to return the food to the humans. RJ tries to stop him, resulting in an argument between the two. This attracts the attention of a playful Rottweiler, who chases them across several lawns before all of the food the animals gathered is destroyed. RJ then blames Verne who, while trying to defend himself, makes a comment that hurts the others\' feelings. RJ helps Verne reconcile with the others. He also discovers that Gladys has just restocked her pantry with a large food supply for an upcoming party and concocts a plan to get past the exterminator-planted boobytraps in her yard. Working together under cover of darkness, the animals get the food. RJ and Verne get into another argument, again over a can of "Spuddies", during which Verne  learn of RJ\'s true motives. Gladys wakes up, discovers the animals in her house, and calls VermTech. Dwayne arrives and traps the animals except for RJ, who escapes with the food. RJ takes the food to a now-awake Vincent, but when the latter points out RJ\'s treachery, the raccoon decides to sacrifice the food to save his friends. This angers Vincent, who chases RJ as he pursues Dwayne\'s truck. Verne is happy to see RJ again but the others no longer trust him since he abandoned them. They nearly thwart RJ\'s efforts to help before Verne finally convinces them otherwise. The animals then subdue Dwayne and turn his truck toward home, but the truck goes out of control and demolishes Gladys\' house. The animals hide in the hedge, trapped by Vincent on one side and Dwayne and Gladys on the other. RJ and Verne get an idea to give Hammy the hyperactive squirrel his first ever can of energy drink, which puts him into overdrive. Exceeding the speed of light, Hammy activates an illegal trap that Dwayne had installed , capturing Vincent, Dwayne and Gladys. Gladys and Vincent are taken into custody by the police and a wilderness preservation group, respectively, while Dwayne escapes after taking advantage of Gladys\' attempt at fighting a police officer and resisting arrest, only to encounter the same Rottweiler that chased RJ and Verne earlier. Back in the forest, Verne tells RJ that if he\'d explained what he was trying to do in the first place, the others would have helped because "that\'s what families do," and welcomes him back to the family. The animals also find that while Hammy was in his caffeine-charged state, he had refilled their food cache with nuts to satisfy them for the year. In a post-credits scene, the animals go to the vending machine seen in the beginning of the film and cause every product to fall into the access bin. However, the amount of snacks prevents the access door from opening, prompting Hammy to remark that this is "kind of anti-climatic."'] ["It begins with Scrat  returning to a huge tree, hollowed out and filled to the brim with acorns. There is one more empty spot in the middle of the acorns where Scrat tries to stuff the last acorn he brought with him . However it pops back out when his back is turned and after two more tries at getting it in place - both with the acorn popping out again - Scrat gets frustrated and stomps it into place, unwittingly blowing the entire tree, and every acorn along with Scrat is sent sliding down the side of a mountain. The acorns and Scrat go into free fall. A short musical scene follows , with Scrat collecting acorns as he falls, turning them into 3 things . Eventually Scrat collects and forms a 3-D sphere with the acorns, but then  it tilts upside down so Scrat and the acorns finally fall to the icy land down below. There is one lone acorn  left in the atmosphere. Scrat, stuck in the snow, is only able to free his arms before the acorn impacts right between his eyes, as fast as a meteorite. The extreme force results in continental drift, shaping the Earth's continents  into their present day form and trapping Scrat on the original spot from the center of the impact. When Scrat digs out the acorn, he finds it has been charred and thus crumbled into ash. Disappointed and defeated, he puts on the remaining acorn cap as a beret."] [' Flik, an individualist and would-be inventor, lives in a colony of ants. The ants are led by Princess Atta and her mother, the Queen, and they live on a small island in the middle of a creek. Flik is different and always unappreciated because of his problematic inventions. The colony is oppressed by a gang of marauding grasshoppers led by Hopper who arrive every season demanding food from the ants. When the annual offering is inadvertently knocked into a stream by Flik\'s latest invention, a harvester device, the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation. Given a temporary reprieve by the grasshoppers, the ants trick Flik into accepting his plan to recruit "warrior bugs" to fight off the grasshoppers. While Flik actually believes in the plan, the other ants see it as a fool\'s errand to get rid of Flik and save themselves trouble. Making his way to the "big city" , Flik mistakes a group of circus bugs, who have recently been fired by their money-hungry ringmaster, P.T. Flea, for the warrior bugs he seeks. The bugs, in turn, mistake Flik for a talent agent, and agree to travel with him back to Ant Island. Discovering their mutual misunderstanding, the circus bugs attempt to leave, but are forced back by a bird. They save Princess Dot, the Queen\'s daughter and Atta\'s sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants\' trust in the process. They continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants. The bird encounter inspires Flik into creating an artificial bird to scare away Hopper, leader of the grasshoppers, who is deeply afraid of birds. The bird is constructed, but the circus bugs are exposed when P.T. Flea arrives searching for them, having had a change of heart. Angered at Flik\'s deception, the ants exile him and desperately attempt to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers, but fail to do so. When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering upon their arrival, they take control of the entire colony and begin eating the ants\' winter store of food. After overhearing Hopper\'s plan to kill the queen, Dot leaves in search of Flik and convinces him to return and save the colony with his original plan. The plan nearly works, but P.T. Flea lights the bird model on fire, causing it to crash and be exposed as a fake. Hopper has Flik beaten in retaliation, but Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony to stand up to the grasshoppers and drive them out of the colony. Before Hopper can be disposed of, it begins to rain. In the chaos, Hopper kidnaps Flik and flees, but Atta gives chase and rescues Flik. As Hopper viciously pursues the couple, Flik leads him to an actual bird\'s nest. Mistaking the real bird for another fake one, Hopper attracts its attention by taunting it. Hopper is picked up by the bird, who then feeds him to her chicks. Some time later, Flik has been welcomed back to the colony, and he and Atta are now a couple. As the troupe departs with the last grasshopper, Molt, as an employee, Atta is crowned the new Queen, while Dot gets the princess\' crown. The circus troupe then departs as Flik, Atta and Dot watch and wave farewell on a tree branch.'] ['In an unnamed kingdom, a blonde princess and a brunette pauper are born simultaneously. The princess, Anneliese, craves freedom from her royal duties, especially when she is informed by her widowed mother, Queen Genevieve, that she must marry the wealthy king of a nearby kingdom because their own royal treasury is nearly bankrupt. The Pauper, Erika, craves a different sort of freedom as she is an indentured servant at the Madam Carp\'s Dress Emporium to work off her parents\' debt, but dreams of becoming a singer. Unbeknownst to the royal family, the royal advisor Preminger has been having his minions Nick and Nack steal gold from the royal mines for some time. Preminger plans to announce his newfound wealth to Queen Genevieve, which he believes will allow him to marry Princess Anneliese. When Preminger learns that Queen Genevieve has approached King Dominick of Dulcimia to marry Anneliese, Preminger orders Nick and Nack to kidnap Anneliese, so that Preminger can stage his "rescuing" her, hoping that Queen Genevieve will give him Anneliese\'s hand in marriage. Anneliese and her tutor, Julian, are in love with one another, though they are unaware of each other\'s feelings. To cheer her up, Julian decides to take Anneliese into town. The princess crosses paths with Erika and the girls are shocked to see how identical they are, the only differences between them being their hair colour and the crown-shaped birthmark on Anneliese\'s right shoulder. The girls quickly become friends as do their cats, Serafina and Wolfie. On the same night, Anneliese is kidnapped and a fake letter is left on her desk stating Anneliese "ran away" to avoid marrying King Dominick. Julian suspects she was kidnapped by Preminger, so he asks Erika to impersonate as the princess until he can rescue the real Anneliese. Erika agrees to the temporary ruse to help her friends, and surprises Preminger when she arrives to welcome King Dominick. Dominick and Erika fall in love, despite Erika\'s fear of being thrown into prison when revealed that she is an imposter. Anneliese manages to escape from Nick and Nack, but is turned away from the palace by a guard who believes "Anneliese" is in the palace with King Dominick and the Queen. Madam Carp mistakes Anneliese for Erika and locks the princess up in the Dress Emporium. Suspicious of Erika\'s impersonation, Preminger finds that Anneliese has escaped from the cabin where she was held captive. Julian, who had followed Preminger, is captured and imprisoned in a mine. When Preminger learns that Anneliese is at the Dress Emporium, he traps her in the gold mines with Julian. Upon returning to the castle, Preminger exposes Erika as a fraud and claims that she had conspired with Julian to kill and replace the real princess. Erika, unable to prove her good intentions,is locked away in a small cell by the queen. After convincing everyone that the princess is dead, Preminger persuades Queen Genevieve to marry him to save the kingdom, who agrees only because she cannot see any other option. Erika manages to escape from her cell and bumps into Dominick, who reveals that he doesn\'t believe that Preminger is telling the truth. Elsewhere, Anneliese and Julian confess their love for each other and work together to escape the mines. At the queen\'s wedding, Anneliese arrives in time to stop the marriage and reveals Preminger\'s deceit. When he tries to flee on horseback, his horse sends him flying into the wedding food and he is arrested. After confessing to her mother that she loves Julian and does not wish to marry King Dominick, Anneliese presents to the queen a solution to the kingdom\'s gold shortage: the rocks discarded by the miners actually hold amethysts and the mine is full of them. Dominick confesses to loving Erika for who she is and if she should choose to, he would be willing to marry her. Erika, freed from her debt to Madam Carp thanks to Anneliese, chooses not to accept marriage just yet and achieves her dream of being able to sing around the world. After several months, she realizes that the place she would really like to sing is among her friends. She returns and marries Dominick while Anneliese marries Julian in a double wedding, along with Wolfie and Serafina.'] ["Bass, a street performer, plays a routine tune in a deserted Italian village square in the afternoon, waiting for a pedestrian to tip him in his rusty iron cup. Soon, he spots Tippy, a humble peasant girl clutching a big gold coin, with the intention of dropping it in the piazza fountain to make a wish. Bass, seizing the opportunity, immediately plays an impromptu piece, capturing the young girl's attention. Just when Tippy is about to drop the coin into Bass's cup, a newcomer steps onto the scene. Treble, a suave and flamboyant street performer, plays a more attractive song, effectively stealing Tippy's attention, much to the anger of Bass. Not to be outdone, Bass ups his ante, with Treble daring to take it even further. As the two rivals unleash their arsenal of musical weapons, trying to vie for the attention  of Tippy, the girl cowers in their wild musical cacophony, and in the process, drops her sole gold coin, which falls down a drain and gets lost in the sewers of the village. Heartbroken, Tippy sheds a single tear, but then angrily demands from Treble and Bass a replacement coin for the one they made her lose. When the two musicians come up empty-handed, Tippy insists she take one of Treble's violins and Bass's iron cup in an attempt to get her money back by playing solo. She then tunes the violin and begins to play it like a true virtuoso, prompting a passing pedestrian to drop a large bag of gold coins into her cup. Elated, Tippy hugs the bag and approaches the fountain, but not before she pulls two coins out of her bag and tempts Treble and Bass. But as they eagerly reach out to grab them, she tosses the coins into the top of the fountain, out of reach, to their dismay. A post-credits scene shows that it is now nighttime, with Treble standing on Bass, trying to reach for the coins in vain. As the two start to fall backwards, the film ends. The music during the credits is Pablo de Sarasate's Zigeunerweisen."] ['The film begins with the sight of the crystal prison of Teridax. Suddenly, the voice of Roodaka  calls his name and a talon scratched the prison and a small single shard fell off and landed in a sand circle with other colored stones. Vakama, as a Turaga,  began again the tale of the Toa Metru , who sealed the evil Teridax and vowed to save the sleeping Matoran. But the task would not be easy. Teridax had called out to his legions, a horde of poisoners led by a ruthless king and a malevolent queen , and the noble Toa must now face a web of shadows. The Toa Metru return to Metru Nui to rescue the Matoran trapped beneath the Colosseum. The Toa\'s ship crashes onto shore. They survive and arrive at Metru Nui; however, the Toa follow the orders of Vakama  and are trapped when spider-like creatures called Visorak  attack the Toa with their spinners, paralyzing them. Later, a Keelerak heads to the Colosseum to report to the horde\'s king, Sidorak ([[Paul Dobson . The king of the horde orders the Toa killed. As the Keelarak went to carry out the order, it was stopped by the Vortixx Roodaka, the viceroy and future queen of the hordes. Roodaka persuaded Sidorak to allow the Hordika venom to take effect before killing the Toa. Once done she wants him to bring her proof—their bodies. As the Toa hung above in their cocoons, Matau  blames Vakama for leading them into a trap. Nokama  tries to convince Matau that it was not Vakama\'s fault. As they hang, mysterious transformations take place in the Toa, causing them to fall from their high altitude. Luckily, they are saved by the six beings who later introduced themselves as Rahaga, led by Norik . But now, they are no longer Toa Metru, but bestial beings known as Toa Hordika. As Hordika, they cannot use their Mask Powers , and they are much more susceptible to passion. As they\'ll remain Hordika forever if the Hordika venom is not neutralized in time, their only hope of changing back lies in the ancient hermit-like Rahi named Keetongu , whom no one has seen for millennia, nor do some believe his existence. Vakama, angry for leading his friends into a trap , stormed off, determining to get the better of the other Toa by trying save the Matoran alone. However, he was captured by the Visorak. He wakes up in the Colosseum observation tower and starts roaring like a beast. He is then persuaded by Roodaka to accept a certain idea; if he leads the hordes, he can rule Metru Nui. Accepting her offer, Vakama turns to darkness and lets his Hordika side come to the fold. He captures five of the six Rahaga, except Norik, and destroys much of the Great Temple. Thankfully, the Rahaga managed to translate some of Temple\'s inscription: "Follow the falling tears to Ko-Metru, until they reach the sky." The answer was liquid protodermis coming out of the Great Temple. So the five Toa Hordika and Norik follow the stream to Ko-Metru. Before these events, Matau bickers about how long it\'s taking the Rahaga to translate the inscriptions, while Nuju  tries to explain to him that it may take a while. Following the stream of "tears" to Ko-Metru, they found that the "tears" DO touch the sky via upwards chute. Meanwhile, Vakama is made master of the Visorak hordes and prepares to capture the other Toa. The Toa and Norik discover Keetongu and request his help. He refuses, speaking in language that only Norik can understand. According to Norik, Keetongu could not start a battle on their behalf, but he could aid those loyal to the three virtues , which was Keetongu\'s sworn duty. When Matau asked if Keetongu will change them back, Keetongu simply answered no. Norik explained  that in order to rescue Vakama and the Matoran, they must learn to live and fight as Hordika, not be rid of their monstrous forms . However, the Toa\'s devotion to Vakama has touched the Rahi, so he joins them in their fight. Later, at the Coliseum, the final battle for Metru Nui begins. While the Toa distracted the Visorak, Matau, who believed he was responsible for Vakama\'s turning, would confront him while Keetongu fought Sidorak and Roodaka. Matau tried to reason with Vakama as Keetongu was struck down by Roodaka. The blast did not kill him, and Roodaka left Sidorak to be killed by the Rahi. Matau, badly beaten and hanging on a ledge, tries one more time to convince Vakama that rescuing the Matoran is their destiny and that if there was any of the Vakama he knew left, he would know what to do next. This convinces Vakama to go back to the light and he tries to stop Matau from falling, but Matau lets go. Vakama then bungee-jumps and rescues Matau, much to his excitement, and then has an idea to beat Roodaka. Norik freed his fellow Rahaga and joined the Toa. Roodaka, riding atop a Kahgarak, demanded the Toa give her their elemental powers. When the five Toa fire their Rhotuka spinners, they had little effect on her. When Vakama confronted her, Roodaka warned him all the assembled Visorak will destroy him and his friends if she\'s struck down. He then ordered all the Visorak to leave, telling them they were free of Roodaka\'s power, backing his claim with the power Sidorak had given him as commander of the hordes . Now without any aid, Roodaka simply stood and allowed Vakama to fire his shot , which struck the red heartstone in her breastplate. As Roodaka\'s body fell, a crimson hand enclosed her and teleported her away, leaving behind the stone. Vakama realized that the stone was Teridax\'s, carved from the same protodermis that the Toa sealed him in. By giving the last bit of elemental energy in destroying the stone, he had broken that seal and set Teridax free, but Vakama just states that "for some reason, he doesn\'t scare me anymore". The Toa then approach Keetongu, wishing him to change them back to their original forms. Keetongu was at first reluctant as he believed they were better off as Hordika, having gained control over their bestial sides. But Vakama persuaded him that it was their destiny to be Toa to guide the Matoran. The scene changes, showing the Toa readying a fleet of airships which will take them to their new home of Mata Nui, named in honor of the Great Spirit. As they neared the Great Barrier, they notice Teridax has indeed been freed, but Vakama is sure that Toa will always be there to fight back against him. At the movie\'s end, Turaga Vakama picked up the six stones used in the opening and follows Takanuva, Jaller and Hahli to the light.'] ['Po  is assigned by Master Shifu  to teach an introduction to Kung Fu class for a group of rambunctious rabbit children. Fortunately for Po, it doesn\'t take him long to bring the class to order and for the kids to calm down, and begins to emphasize to the kids that combat is not the only part of what Kung Fu is about, while its true meaning is "excellence of self." To illustrate his point, he uses the stories of the Furious Five\'s individual pasts and the basic philosophical concepts they learned that enabled them to be great Kung Fu masters.  In his youth, Mantis was a petulantly impatient warrior who was prone to jumping to conclusions and making impulsive decisions. When this habit got himself captured by crocodile bandits, the long wait he was forced to endure in his cage allowed him to find the patience to play dead long enough to ambush his captors.  Viper, the daughter of Great Master Viper, was born without venomous fangs. Her father, who relied on his venomous bite to protect the village, was despondent that she could never succeed him as a warrior, making her feel timid. One day during a festival, Great Master Viper encountered a gorilla bandit who wore armor hard enough to shatter his fangs when he tried to bite him. Seeing her father in peril, Viper found the courage to fight the bandit and defeat him with her ribbon dancing skills.  Crane was an unconfident janitor of a Kung Fu academy until the star pupil Mei Ling encouraged him to seek enrollment in the school. Even though his nerve failed him at the tryouts, Crane accidentally stumbled into the intimidating challenge that determined eligibility and suddenly found the confidence to take the challenge, with his skinny body proving to be an asset that enabled him to succeed.  Tigress was an orphan whose status as an apex predator and her destructive lack of control of her strength left her feared and isolated in the rest of the orphanage where she lived. Master Shifu came to kindly teach her the discipline she desperately needed to control her movements until she could perform delicate tasks with ease enough to allay the concerns of the orphanage and the kids that lived there. When she was again rejected for adoption by the adults who were still scared of her, Master Shifu took her in as his student and foster daughter.  Monkey was a troublemaker who tormented his village owing to him being publicly humiliated in his youth. He defied all attempts to force him to leave until Master Oogway confronted him and defeated him in a fight, deducing the cause of his anti-social behavior. Rather than making him leave the village as per the challenge, Oogway told him to stay and encouraged him to show compassion to others, as he would want in similar circumstances.  At the end, Master Shifu returns to see Po\'s anticipated lack of progress teaching and he\'s surprised that he underestimated Po\'s talents yet again, considering how much the panda\'s students have learned. But when the bunnies ask Po how his first day of Kung Fu was, all the unpleasant memories during the original film flash through his head; he then proudly says, "It was totally awesome!"'] ['The film is set in the futuristic Metro City, a metropolis which floats in the sky above the polluted "Surface". Metro City\'s population is aided by a multitude of different robots who are dumped on the Surface when broken or disused. Toby, son of Dr. Tenma, learns that his father is going to show President Stone, the militaristic leader of the city, the Peacekeeper, a new guardian robot that he\'s been working on. Doctor Elefun, one of Tenma\'s colleagues, introduces Stone to the Blue and Red Cores, two energy spheres mined from a star fragment, that produce energy which can power robots via positive and negative energy, respectively. Stone places the Red Core in the Peacekeeper, causing it to go out of control. The Peacekeeper tries to attack the humans, but Tenma puts a barrier between them. Meanwhile, Toby has been released early from school, and rewires Orrin, his family\'s robot, in order to attend the Ministry of Science\'s demonstration of the Peacekeeper. Seeking to have a closer look at the Peacekeeper, Toby enters the same room as the robot, only for the Peacekeeper\'s first attempt to destroy the barrier to backfire with the result that Toby is totally annihilated. After the Peacekeeper is stopped by security forces, Dr. Tenma, wracked with despair, builds an identical robotic clone of Toby, using DNA from a strand of his hair to obtain his memories, which will make the robot think he is Toby. He also powers the robot with the positive blue core. The robot quickly comes to life, and Tenma brings him home. Tenma quickly realizes that while the robot possesses Toby\'s memories, it is not exactly like his original son, as the robot\'s higher mental and physical powers frequently remind him. Tenma had initially included the robot\'s powers in order to prevent his "son" from being destroyed again. Unaware that he is a robot, Toby tries to figure out why he can understand the language of some robot cleaners and discovers he can fly via rocket-boosters hidden in his shoes. He discovers various other abilities and heads home to tell his father, only to find that Tenma and Elefun are discussing deactivating him. Tenma reveals to Toby that he is a robot. President Stone\'s men detect the Blue Core\'s energy signature and pursue Toby. Stone calls in the Spirit of Freedom: a massive, heavily-armed, flying battleship. Rendered unconscious, Toby falls off the floating city and lands in the junkyard below. He meets several children including Cora, a girl who left Metro City after her parents neglected her, and a robotic dog named Trashcan. Toby meets the Robot Revolution Front: Sparx, Robotsky and Mike the Fridge, who easily identify Toby as a robot and rename him "Astro". Astro goes along with his new name and lives with the children and their fatherly figure, Hamegg, who appears to care for broken robots, but secretly treats robots just as callously as Stone, and also runs the Robot Games: destructive gladiatorial matches in which robots are forced to fight to the death. Astro and his friends find an offline construction robot named ZOG, and Astro secretly revives ZOG. The kids bring him back and clean him up for the Hamegg games. Later that night, Astro comes across Cora trying to call Metrocity. She reveals to him that she actually has parents and was worried if they even missed her. Astro promises not to tell and tries to tell her his secret but can\'t. The next day at the Hamegg games, Hamegg betrays Astro, learning of him being a robot, and pits Astro against other robots in the Robot Games. Unable to simply leave, Astro reluctantly destroys all the robots. Hamegg releases ZOG for Astro to fight, but both refuse to fight one another. Stone and his men arrive then and arrest Astro. They take him back to the Ministry of Science, where Tenma is asked to remove the Blue Core; however, at the last moment, he has a change of heart, accepting that even if Astro is not Toby, he is still his son, and allows Astro to escape. Stone places the Red Core into the Peacekeeper again, only for it to absorb him and take on his consciousness. Astro and Stone fight across the city, demolishing most of the buildings and causing the city to begin crashing to Earth. Astro is able to slow Metro City\'s decent by flying underneath and pushing upwards with his leg-rockets. Cora, the other children, and the Robot Revolution try to help to bring down the Peacekeeper/Stone fusion. Stone catches Astro and is about to absorb him, but when the Blue and Red Cores clash, he lets Astro out due to the close proximity of the two Cores causing him great pain. Astro lands in a building, where he reunites with Tenma. Tenma tells him that if the Blue Core and Red Core come together, Astro and the Peacekeeper will both die. Astro decides that this was the reason he was made, and flies straight toward Stone, crashing into him and merging the Cores which destroys the Peacekeeper and frees Stone . However, with both Cores drained of energy, Astro is deactivated. Cora, Dr. Elefun and others find Astro\'s body. ZOG transfers some of his Blue Core energy  to Astro; with the catalyst restarted, the Blue Core once more becomes a limitless source of energy, so Astro is easily revived and his wounds automatically heal. Astro is reunited with Dr. Tenma, and Cora finds and makes up with her parents. Stone awakes, only to be arrested by his own troops. When an alien life-form appears over the city, the movie ends with Astro flying up to battle it.'] ['Terkel is a normal boy who\'s in 6th grade at a secondary school together with his best friend Jason, who carries an iron pipe with him at all times. Terkel and Jason are playing a Game Boy in the schoolyard one day when a strange man in a green panda sweater approaches them. The man, Justin , tells Terkel that he has sat on a spider. "Nothing to worry about. They\'re just jeans. They can be washed." Terkel says and after that the nightmare begins... Terkel\'s teacher gets fatally run over, and the class\'s new teacher is the strange Justin. Terkel\'s parents get married and the two "bad boys" in his class, Sten and Saki, manipulate Terkel to steal beer for them. When Terkel\'s uncle Stuart Stardust notices, he beats up Sten   and Saki, for which they blame Terkel, so they begin bullying him, but no-one seems to want to help him. One day the overweight girl in the class, Doris (Danish: Fede Dorit , approaches Terkel with a love letter. When Sten and Saki notice, they start teasing the two of them, calling them a couple. Terkel is torn: he wants to defend Doris, but instead, because he\'d rather save face in front of the cool kids, he says "I\'m certainly not in love with a fat cow like that!" Doris gets so upset that she jumps out the window from the fourth floor and dies. After that Terkel starts receiving death threats: on his desk, painted on the ceiling of his room, on a stone which breaks his window, in his notebook... His parents aren\'t of any help – his mother tells him about all the diseases he might develop and his father only seems capable of one word: "No". One day, Gunnar takes his class for a school trip where they are going to study the salamanders. Terkel doesn\'t want to go and begs his parents to let him stay at home. On the bus Sten and Saki invite Terkel to sit down with them, he does so and Jason becomes angry. When they get to the forest, where they are going to study the salamanders, Sten and Saki want him to sleep in their tent – he does. He gets a shock later when Saki stumbles into the tent with a black eye, telling him that Jason beat him up. Terkel thinks that Jason is acting strangely aloof, and Sten tells him that Doris was Jason\'s sister. Terkel is terrified, and thinks that all the death threats were from Jason, because he made his sister commit suicide. As they\'re going to bed, Terkel finds a dead cat in his sleeping bag and he receives a text message from Jason\'s phone which says "I\'m coming to kill you". Sten and Saki advise Terkel to tell Justin, which he does. He wants to be safe from Jason, so Terkel insists that Justin come with him into the woods where he explains everything. Then he says "I\'m gonna call Jason right now and say that I have told you everything". Justin protests but Terkel does so and to his horror, he hears ringing sounds coming from Justin\'s pocket. The plot unravels, and it turns out all the death threats and messages had been from Justin as a revenge for Terkel sitting on the spider when they first met. Terkel flees, and a thrilling race through the woods commences. Just as Justin has Terkel cornered, he is saved in the nick of time by Jason, who finally puts his iron bar to use. During the struggle the pipe is smashed into Justin\'s head presumably killing him. Terkel and Jason go away in the sunset once again friends, only to be scared by the narrator and music teacher Arne who wears a hockey mask and a chainsaw. The camera moves back and shows the audience that Justin is still alive. The final credits include some outtake/blooper scenes, such as, Terkel\'s father being unable to remember his lines: "No".'] [' As the Smurfs get ready for the Blue Moon Festival, Papa Smurf sees in his cauldron a vision of Clumsy Smurf reaching for a dragon wand and the Smurfs in cages while Gargamel laughs. Not wanting this vision to come true, Papa Smurf refuses to allow Clumsy to pick Smurf Roots, but Clumsy disobeys Papa Smurf and ends up unintentionally leading Gargamel and Azrael to the village. The Smurfs all flee for their lives while Clumsy unknowingly runs towards the Forbidden Falls, with Papa Smurf, Smurfette, Grouchy, Brainy and Gutsy running after him. They find him at the edge of a cliff, and while trying to help him up, they are sucked into a gigantic vortex that spirits them to present day New York City. To make matters worse, Gargamel and Azrael follow and the Smurfs end up in the apartment of Patrick and Grace Winslow, a married and expectant couple and their Basset Hound Elway. After clarifying things, the Winslows befriend them and allow them to stay in their apartment. The next day, needing to find a "star gazer" , the Smurfs follow Patrick to his work place at Anjelou Cosmetics, misunderstanding the previous explanation of his job as fortune-telling. He calls Grace to pick them up. However, having extracted "Smurf essence" from a lock of Smurfette\'s hair, Gargamel also arrives and ends up being treated by Patrick\'s boss Odile upon using most of his acquired magic to turn her mother young. But Gargamel resumes his search upon recognizing Patrick and following him to the toy store where the Smurfs ran into after finding a telescope. The Winslows manage to save the Smurfs from both the children wanting them and Gargamel, who ends up being sent to jail before he manages to bust out with the aid of house flies. By that time, Papa Smurf manages to calculate the night he and the others can get home. But first, he must figure out the spell to do so. Patrick tells them that there is an old book store in the city near Anjelou Cosmetics as he bonds with the Smurfs after sending what he believed to be his finished advertisement to be published. However, the next day, Patrick learns that Clumsy accidentally attached a blue-moon themed side project and he loses his temper before walking out on both the Smurfs and Grace to save his job. Forced to search on their own, the Smurfs find the store and find the book L’Histoire des Schtroumpfs by researcher Peyo, containing the spell to turn the moon blue. But learning of their location, Gargamel sneaks into the book store and finds a dragon wand, transferring his magic into it as he uses it to capture Papa Smurf as he sends the others to safety. Though the Smurfs promised Papa Smurf that they won\'t try to save him and return home, Clumsy and Patrick, having seen the error of his actions, convince them to plan a rescue. At Belvedere Castle, after increasing the dragon wand\'s power with bits of Papa Smurf\'s beard, Gargamel finds himself facing all the Smurfs, summoned to New York by Brainy conjuring the blue moon. As the Smurf army battles Gargamel, Smurfette fights Azrael and saves Papa Smurf before they join the fray. Though Gargamel attempts to break the Smurfs by killing Papa, Patrick saves him while Gutsy knocks the dragon wand out of the wizard\'s hand but he drops it. Clumsy tries to catch it, and to Papa Smurf\'s surprise, manages to catch it and sends Gargamel flying into a trash can and being hit by a bus with the advertisement "Blue Moon" with it before Papa Smurf breaks it. Soon after, the Smurfs take their leave as Patrick receives a call from Odile that he still has his job because he finally gave her what she wants. Later, Patrick and Grace have a baby boy, whom they name Blue to honor the Smurfs, who rebuild their village in the style of New York, where the Winslows reside.'] [" 15-year-old Veer lives in a Mumbai slum and dreams of being the captain of the Indian cricket team. He plays cricket on the streets and one of his few companions is Luddu, a street dog. Occasionally he meets his friend Raghu, who works in a car garage as a mechanic. With no silver lining in view, one stormy evening, something strange happens, that changes the life of Veer forever. He discovers strange superpowers in him after this incident. The sudden appearance of a superhero in Mumbai, whom people refer to as 'Captain India', shakes the underworld and also Kaala Haat, the controller of the Mumbai underworld. Kaala Haat wants something that 'Captain India' possesses; something so important, that it can make him the controller of the world. Meanwhile, Veer finds a good friend in Mini; the coach's daughter. However something leads to the downfall and terrible failure of Veer and also Captain India. Can Veer aka Captain India rise again to meet people's expectations?"] ['Prior to the events of film, a scientist is ordered by his dictator to create a machine in the apparent name of progress. The Scientist uses his own intellect to create the B.R.A.I.N., a thinking robot. However, the dictator quickly seizes it and integrates it into the Fabrication Machine, an armature that can construct an army of war machines to destroy the dictator\'s enemies. Lacking a soul, the Fabrication Machine is corrupted and exterminates all organic life using toxic gas. In desperation, the Scientist uses alchemy to create nine homunculus-like rag dolls known as Stitchpunks using portions of his own soul via a talisman, but dies as a result. Some time later, the last doll, 9, awakens in the Scientist\'s workshop. Taking the talisman with him, 9 ventures out into the devastated city and meets 2, a frail inventor who gives him a voice box and is surprised when 9 reveals the talisman. The last surviving machine, the Cat-Beast, attacks the pair and kidnaps 2 and the talisman. 9 collapses, but awakens in Sanctuary, a cathedral that is home to the other dolls, including the dogmatic leader 1, his large bodyguard 8, the one-eyed engineer 5, and unstable oracle 6. 1 immediately labels 2 as dead, but 9 and 5 decide to rescue him. They both track the Cat-Beast to a factory where they find 2. 7, the only female of the dolls, arrives and kills the Cat-Beast, but 9 puts the talisman into the previously derelict Fabrication Machine, causing 2\'s soul to be absorbed by the machine reviving it while the remaining dolls escapes the factory. 7 takes 9 and 5 to the library, where the silent scholar twins, 3 and 4, show 9 the Fabrication Machine\'s origins. 5 realizes the talisman\'s symbols match the clairvoyant drawings of 6. 9 and 5 return to Sanctuary to investigate, but 1 confronts and chastises them. The Fabrication Machine starts constructing new machines, one of which, the bird-like Winged Beast, attacks Sanctuary and almost kills the punks, but sets fire to the cathedral from a fire pot, and later gets killed by a plane\'s propeller. Retreating to the library with 1 saddened by the loss of his home, 6, 3, and 4 cryptically explain the talisman\'s origins, but 1 once again chastises the group. As 9 found out that 1 sent 2 to die, 7 tries to attack 1 but 9 stopped her and runs away. The Fabrication Machine meanwhile has made many Spiderbots and Seekers, hot air balloon-like robots. One of them has the Winged Beast\'s head and the B.R.A.I.N., angry at the loss of its creation finds 2\'s corpse to make something else. 8 is captured by the creature it made, the Seamstress. After a fight 7 is kidnapped too. The others give 2 a funeral before heading out, as 2\'s body was used on it. The others run to the factory to destroy it. 9 goes inside alone, but is too late to save 8. However, while the Seamstress still has 7, 9 makes a fake Stitchpunk using burlap and the light bulb staff9 gets the Seamstress\'s attention and shows the fake punk. The Seamstress begins to tie the fake punk, but then realizes it\'s a fake after activating the light bulb. 9 then runs with the Seamstress in hot pursuit. However, the ropegets caught in the gears and starts pulling the Seamstress toward it. 9 then cuts open some of the Seamstress\'s body and 7 falls out, and 9 catches her while the Seamstress goes into the gears headfirst and is killed. Afterwards, 9 and 7 escape while the others destroy the factory by pushing an oil barrel with a flaming rag fuse into a puddle of oil. The dolls celebrate but the Fabrication Machine appears, quickly killing 5 and then 6, but not before 6 tells 9 that the others are trapped within the machine and to return to the "first room"  to gain answers. 9 follows his instructions, finding a recorded message from his creator, who explains the talisman can be used against the Fabrication Machine and free the dolls\' souls trapped in it. 9 reunites with the other dolls, willing to sacrifice himself so 7 can get the talisman. However, 1, having had a change of heart, puts himself in the way and is killed instead allowing 9 to remove the talisman and destroy the Fabrication Machine, freeing the trapped souls. 9, 7, 3, and 4 free the souls of 1, 2, 5, 6, and 8 from the talisman, who fly up into the sky causing it to rain. The final image shows that the raindrops contain small flecks of glowing bacteria, bringing life back to the world.'] ['Foodfight! takes place in the supermarket at night after everyone has left. The grocery store transforms into a city, and from every door of this city comes two types of characters: well-known marketing icons and new characters, including Dex Dogtective , Sunshine Goodness  and Daredevil Dan . They all hang out at the Copa-Banana in the produce section. Soon, Brand X moves into town, and Lady X  and her minions try to take over.{{cite web}} The animated icons and fictional characters of products — like Mr. Clean and Chester Cheetah — fight the evil "Brand X".TDRL Pursues Paradigm Shift With Foodfight!'] ['The story begins with an inventor named Geppetto making a robot, Pinocchio, as his son. Meanwhile, an evil mayor named Scamboli is making a technology city called "Scamboville", to get rid of nature. He also hates children except for his beloved daughter, Marlene. Marlene has a problem about there being no space for children to have fun. So, Scamboli is going to make a theme park called "Scamboland". That night, Geppetto and Spencer the Penguin are preparing to make Pinocchio come to life. But Scamboli seizes control of the city mains to light up his theme park for the Grand Opening. So, Geppetto has no choice but to steal his electricity. Suddenly, Scamboland has a power cut and the children leave. After Pinocchio comes to life, much to his family\'s delight, Cyberina the fairy appears. She decides to grant Geppetto\'s wish to turn Pinocchio into a real boy if he learns about Right and Wrong. The next morning, Pinocchio is walking his way to school with Spencer , but he meets up with Zach, Cynthia and Marlene. Marlene challenges Pinocchio to an Imagination game, hosted by Cyberina. Marlene wins the game, but Pinocchio snatches the medal from her. As he runs away, he comes across Scamboli\'s robotic henchmen, Cabby and Rodo, who take Pinocchio to see Scamboli. While they talk to each other, Pinocchio says, "Life would be great if kids were more like us", sparking an idea in Scamboli\'s diabolical brain. With the true opening of Scamboland, he makes Pinocchio into an attraction, but when Geppetto gets word of this, he tries to convince him to come home. While Pinocchio performs at a concert, Scamboli kidnaps Geppetto. Afterward, all the children board a roller coaster ride called "A Whale of a Change", which transforms all of them into "Scambobots". Meanwhile, Pinocchio gives Marlene her medal back and befriends her, and spend the night together at Marlene\'s private garden. As they awaken the next morning, Marlene is crestfallen to find that Scambobots have destroyed her garden. Hearing Pinocchio laughing at her dismay, she gives the medal to him and revokes her vow of friendship. But Pinocchio, realizing that he had accidentally helped Scamboli,leaves to find his Dad. He returns home, but finds that his father isn\'t there, but Spencer is. He tells Pinocchio that Scamboli kidnapped his father, so they head off to rescue him, only to find Scamboli turned Geppetto into a robot to kill Pinocchio. After Spencer blinds Scamboli\'s with his camera and steals the remote that controls Geppeto, Pinocchio and Spencer hide out in the "Tunnel of Danger" ride, where Scamboli manages to trap them. Marlene arrives and helps Pinoccchio to avoid the tunnel\'s many dangers. However, Scamboli incapacitates Marlene , so he can kill Pinocchio with a laser gun. Pinocchio uses the medal to shield himself from the laser ,causing the beam bounce to destroy Scamboli\'s weapon. Meanwhile, Cabby accidentally gave Geppetto a remote, getting them fired. Geppetto commands the robots to get Scamboli. Scamboli attempts to escape in Cabby\'s shuttle, but is caught by a Scambocop. It tosses Scamboli inside a shuttle and flies down to the Whale ride. Pinocchio, Geppetto, Marlene and Spencer go to turn the robots back into children. Soon it\'s Geppetto\'s turn, but Scamboli presses a button to stop the machines. Pinocchio goes inside the whale and tries to fix it. Pinocchio finds the out- of- reach button, so he begins to tell a lie about his personality . Once he reached it, Scamboli was caught on the cart. Pinocchio then realizes that everything was his fault. Cyberina appears, Pinocchio told her that he has learned about Right and Wrong and turns Pinocchio into a real boy and Geppetto back into a human. Suddenly, Scamboli, turned into a robot, appears and Marlene was shocked. Cyberina borrows Cynthia\'s "Funbrella" to make sunshine and bring all the plants Scamboli has destroyed. It ends with Spencer taking a picture of Pinocchio, Geppetto and Marlene.'] ['In May 1944, 5 years since the declaration of World War II, three Royal Homing Pigeon Service war pigeons are flying across the English Channel with the White Cliffs of Dover in sight, carrying vital messages to Great Britain. Despite the poor weather conditions the pigeons have nearly reached their destination. They are, however, suddenly ambushed and attacked by a German enemy falcon called General Von Talon; two of the pigeons are instantly killed, yet the third, Mercury is taken as a prisoner of war. Elsewhere a small wood pigeon named Valiant is watching an Allied forces propaganda film in his local bar  in West Nestington. Wing Commander Gutsy, a war hero flies into the bar, informing everyone that signups are scheduled the next day in Trafalgar Square, London. In General Von Talon\'s lair, Mercury resists interrogation by his captors. Valiant flies off to London, bidding his mother and Felix, the local barman, goodbye. In London, Valiant meets a filthy pigeon named Bugsy, who is wanted by two thugs. In order to escape the wrath of the thugs, he signs up with Valiant. The recruits, Valiant, Bugsy, Lofty, an intellectual red pigeon, and Toughwood and Tailfeather, two strong but dim-witted twin brothers, form Royal Homing Pigeon Service Squad F, and are sent to a recruit training facility. Under the command of Sergeant Monty, who declares that he will toughen them up for the RHPS, the training begins. Meanwhile, Von Talon and his henchmen, Cufflingk and Underlingk, try numerous attempts to discover the message\'s departure location. However Mercury refuses to tell, despite the tortures inflicted upon him, such as irritating him with yodelling music and injecting him with truth serum, before Mercury accidentally reveals the location: Saint-Pierre. Throughout the training, Valiant develops a crush on Victoria, the camp\'s nursing dove. Eventually, Gutsy arrives and tells the Sergeant that the recruits need to leave the next morning, despite their training being vastly incomplete. Bugsy, however, decides not to go on the "highly dangerous" mission and flees the camp that night. The next morning, Valiant and the others prepare to leave and start to board the plane headed for France, but not before Bugsy shows up at the last second. The journey becomes extremely perilous, as the plane is caught in the midst of dogfight. Their plane sustains heavy damage and the pigeons soon have to bail out, in boxes equipped with parachutes. The pigeons are dropped from the plane; however a technical malfunction causes Gutsy\'s box to fail to deploy. The plane goes down in an inferno of flames, presumably killing Gutsy in the resulting explosion. In France, the pigeons meet Charles de Girl and Rollo, two mice from the French Resistance, Mouse Division, the latter being an expert saboteur who lead them to Saint-Pierre, where they receive the message they have been ordered to deliver. They soon come under attack by Von Talon\'s henchmen, resulting in Bugsy and the message being captured. Von Talon takes the message from Bugsy and decides to cage him up and eat him later. Valiant and the troops follow Bugsy to the falcon\'s bunker, where they discover that Gutsy has survived the plane crash. Valiant takes advantage of his small size and sneaks into the bunker through the gun barrel, retrieves the message, and frees Bugsy and Mercury. Unfortunately, the falcons are alert and give chase. As Gutsy and the others fend off Von Talon\'s henchmen, Valiant flies to London to deliver the message, followed closely by Von Talon. After a climactic chase by the falcon, Valiant hides in the cottage where he lives, where he is attacked by Von Talon again. With the help of his mother and Felix, Valiant finally defeats the villain by getting a giant hook caught on his medals, leaving him to be beaten senseless by the water wheel. Valiant delivers the message, and upon receiving it, a change of plans is made: They land in Normandy. After receiving the Dickin Medal, Squad F returns to the local bar in West Nestington, where Valiant reunites and shares a kiss with Victoria.'] [' Like the previous film, Cars 2 takes place in the world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles. British spy Finn McMissile infiltrates the world\'s largest untapped oil reserves, owned by a group of "lemon" cars. After being discovered, he is forced to flee and fake his death. Four-time Piston Cup champion race car Lightning McQueen returns home to Radiator Springs and reunites with his best friend Mater and girlfriend Sally Carrera. Doc Hudson is revealed to have died by an indication with Mater and Lightning. Former oil tycoon Miles Axlerod, now a green power advocate, announces a racing series called the "World Grand Prix" to promote Allinol biofuel. When Italian formula race car Francesco Bernoulli challenges McQueen, McQueen and Mater along with Luigi, Guido, Fillmore, and Sarge depart to Tokyo, Japan for the World Grand Prix. Meanwhile, the lemons, led by Professor Zündapp and Master mind , secretly plot to secure their oil profits by using a weapon disguised as a television camera to ignite the Allinol fuel. McMissile and partner Holley Shiftwell attempt to rendezvous with American spy car Rod "Torque" Redline at a World Grand Prix promotional event in Tokyo to receive information about the mastermind; however, Redline is beaten by Zündapp\'s henchmen and passes his information to Mater before he is captured. Holley and Finn mistake Mater as their American contact. In capture, Zündapp reveals to Torque that Allinol has one fatal flaw: it can ignite if impacted by a high electromagnetic pulse and uses both to kill him with it but not before they realize that he passed it on to Mater. During the first race, Finn and Holley help Mater evade Zündapp\'s henchmen; in the process, Mater inadvertently gives McQueen negative advice which causes him to lose the race close to Bernouilli. Meanwhile, Zündapp uses the weapon on several race cars. After McQueen falls out with Mater, who sadly claims that he is leaving, Finn, who still believes Mater is an American spy, drafts him into foiling Zündapp\'s plot. Finn and Mater escape Zündapp\'s henchmen and climb aboard Siddeley. Finn and Holley remove the tracking device on Mater and discover in it a picture of a mysterious British engine, as Mater can successfully tell by the engine and the rare parts in the picture. Finn, Holley, and Mater fly to Paris, France, they go into a black-market and encounter an old friend to Finn\'s, Tomber. Finn and Holley show the mysterious engine to Tomber, he recognizes the engine and tells them that the car with the engine was his best costumer . Mater explains that what he knows about what kinds of Lemons the evil Lemons are, and discover that every evil Lemon involved with the evil plot is one of "history\'s biggest loser cars" and taking orders behind the cars with the mysterious engine. Tomber tells Finn, Holley and Mater that the lemons never get together, and were going to have a secret meeting in Porta Cousa, Italy . Finn, Holley, and Mater then head to Porta Coursa, Italy. In Italy, the site of the second race, Mater infiltrates the criminals\' meeting and discovers Zündapp\'s plan. Zündapp\'s henchmen, meanwhile, use their weapon on several more cars during the race, eventually causing a multi-car crash on the Casino Bridge. With the Allinol fuel under suspicion, Axlerod suspends its use for the final race in England; however, McQueen decides to continue using it. The criminals decide to kill McQueen in the next race; upon hearing this, Mater is exposed and is captured along with McMissile and Shiftwell, and tied up inside Big Bentley\'s bell tower in London, England. Mater realizes how foolishly he has been acting. The criminals use the weapon on McQueen during the race, but nothing happens. Mater flees to warn his friends of a bomb planted in McQueen\'s pit stop, but McMissile and Shiftwell find that the bomb was planted on Mater. They warn Mater about the bomb before Mater flees to protect his friends. However, he is pursued by McQueen in an attempt to reconcile, unaware of the real danger until they are out of range of Zündapp\'s remote detonator. He sends his henchmen to kill McQueen and Mater, but they are foiled by the combined efforts of McMissile, Shiftwell, and the Radiator Springs residents who arrest them. Upon his capture, Zündapp reveals that only the person who installed the bomb can deactivate it and Mater realizes that Axlerod is the mastermind behind the plot. Mater confronts and forces Axlerod in front of police cars to deactivate the bomb in a final confrontation, by trapping him next to him while being strapped to the bomb. Axlerod finally deactivates the bomb, and he, Zündapp and the lemons are arrested by the police for their crimes. As a reward for his heroism, Mater receives an honorary knighthood from the Queen and returns home with his friends, where the cars from the Grand Prix take part in the unofficial Radiator Springs Grand Prix. Fillmore reveals that before the last race, Sarge replaced McQueen\'s Allinol with Fillmore\'s organic fuel, which prevented McQueen from being affected by the weapon. McMissile and Shiftwell invite Mater to join them in another spy mission, but he graciously turns it down but asks Shiftwell for a date when she returns which she accepts. He gets to keep the rockets they gave him earlier, which he uses in the Radiator Springs race. In the credits, Mater and McQueen are seen in various locations, including London, Paris, Switzerland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Russia, Egypt, India, China, Australia, Hawaii, and Emeryville, CA, where the Pixar studio is shown.'] ["Wolf , Granny , and Twitchy  are on a rescue mission to save Hansel and Gretel  from an evil witch . The plan goes wrong however and Granny is kidnapped as well. Meanwhile, Red  is in training with a mysterious group called the Sisters of the Hood where she learns that a secret all powerful truffle recipe has been stolen. She teams up with Wolf and Twitchy to find the recipe and save her grandma, but she and Wolf can't get along and the team splits up. Meanwhile the witch, Verushka, who stole the truffle recipe, tries to force Granny into making it for her. Granny escapes and finds Hansel and Gretel, but learns that they are actually the masterminds behind the plot. Granny is recaptured and learns that Verushka was an old classmate of hers when they were both in training with the Sisters of the Hood; Verushka was always second behind Granny's accomplishments. Eventually Red, Wolf, and Twitchy team back together and infiltrate Hansel and Gretel's base. Red accidentally reveals the final ingredient for the truffle recipe and the truffles are made. Hansel and Gretel eat the truffles transforming into giants and go on a rampage through the city. Hansel and Gretel betray Verushka and Granny convinces her to join forces with her, Red, Wolf, and Twitchy. They trick Hansel and Gretel into eating more truffles which make them so obese that they can no longer move their arms and legs. Hansel and Gretel are then arrested."] ['The Care Bears live in a cloud-filled land known as Care-a-lot . One of the Bears, Grumpy, is working on a rainbow carousel for the upcoming Care Bear Fair. His fellow Care Bears come by for a look; one of them, Funshine, loves telling jokes and making the other Care Bears laugh. After they reluctantly agree to try the carousel, it goes out of control and sends them into the sky before crashing down. Grumpy feels even worse after Funshine tries to cheer him up with a joke on height restrictions, which the other Bears find funny. Grumpy is not amused, and even goes so far as to tell Funshine that if he doesn\'t understand that cheering up isn\'t making fun of, then maybe Funshine doesn\'t belong in Care-A-Lot. As a result, the Bears force Grumpy to apologise to the ursine comedian. Reading from a note, Tenderheart Bear realizes that Funshine has felt sorry for Grumpy and has gone in search of a place where his talents can be better appreciated. The other Bears are worried about his fate; as they cannot hold their Fair without him, they decide to look for him regardless and bring him back to Care-a-lot. Five of them&mdash; Tenderheart, Grumpy, Wish, Cheer and Share volunteer, while Laugh-a-Lot, Love-a-Lot, Friend, Good Luck, Bedtime and Champ stay home to get ready for the fair. The day after he runs away , Funshine hears circus music in the distance, and strays from his camping spot to find out. Taking a seat on a bumper car, he embarks on a long ride which leads him to Joke-a-lot, a town where humour is dominant . The area\'s residents are astonished when he lands via parachute upon the town square; a female piglet called Gig tells him where he now is. Then a rat named Sir Funnybone arrives at the scene, and dubs Funshine the area\'s long-lost King . Funnybone actually placed the car within the woods so that he could begin to gain his own power; he tells that to his henchmen, a trio of houseflies named Phido, Cleon and Bidel. Eventually, Funshine learns the hard way that "serious" is a very bad word in Joke-a-lot. The Joke-a-lot residents celebrate a "Laff-Fest" in his honour; Funnybone gives him a tour of the town, and takes him to his Royal Palace, where Funshine learns of the last two Kings and is introduced to the Royal Sceptre. Stored in a vault within the voice-activated Royal Treasury, the sceptre holds the Royal Jewels of Joke-a-lot, which Funnybone says are "the source of the magic power behind all the fun" there; only the king is granted access. Funshine wants to look, but Funnybone tells him that a coronation is about to take place. He plans to take command of the sceptre, now in the hands of a slow, elderly alligator called Grand Duke Giggle. At the coronation, Joke-a-lot\'s new "king" tells his audience two jokes to pass the time, before Grand Duke Giggle proceeds to give him the sceptre. Meanwhile, the other Care Bears find his belongings and take the same ride that he did. After they crash into the Royal Palace, Funshine is delighted to see them, but the Bears are a bit puzzled over what he has become. They miss Funshine and want him to return to Care-a-lot where he belongs; thus, he must make a very difficult decision&mdash;to head back home with them, or remain King of Joke-a-lot . He then announces that he will go home, but Sir Funnybone wants him to stay as king. During the "Laff-Fest", Giggle gives the sceptre to the new king. Funnybone orders Phido, Cleon and Bidel to steal it when Funshine is not looking. He gets into the Treasury with it, unlocks the Royal Jewels, and escapes with this loot on a pink dirigible. As Grumpy is fixing his carousel, the other Bears must use it to stop Funnybone. The machine spins onto the dirigible, bursting the balloon and sending it aground. When the Care Bears come to the rat, he reveals his real name and homeland&mdash;Basil Ratbone, from the No Fun Atoll, whose inhabitants have lived through a "serious" modus operandi. He wanted the jewels so much to enliven his fellow residents that he planned on stealing them from Joke-a-lot, and even pretended that Funshine\'s "tummy symbol" was the royal birthmark. Instead, the real one&mdash;a "smiley mouth"&mdash;was at the back of Gig\'s ears. The other Bears open the chest to find a jack-in-the-box, and other toys, which Funshine assures them are the real magic jewels. Funnybone apologises for his misdeeds, and soon all of Joke-a-lot attends a coronation in which Gig becomes their Princess . The Bears promise to return to Joke-a-lot on occasion, and ride home on the flying horses from their carousel.'] ['After Shrek  and Fiona  come back from their honeymoon, they find an invitation to a royal ball with Fiona\'s parents to celebrate their marriage, an event Shrek is reluctant to participate in. Fiona, Shrek and Donkey  travel to the kingdom of Far Far Away and meet Fiona\'s parents, King Harold and Queen Lillian , who are surprised by Fiona\'s choice of husband and her new appearance. Harold becomes repulsed and at a shared meal, as he and Shrek get into a heated argument over how Shrek and Fiona will raise their family. Fiona, disgusted at Shrek\'s and her father\'s behavior, locks herself in her room that evening, where she meets her Fairy Godmother , who is also surprised at Fiona\'s new looks. Shrek worries that he has lost his true love, particularly after finding the diary from her teenhood and reading that she was once infatuated with Prince Charming . King Harold is accosted by the Fairy Godmother and Charming, her son. He had arranged with the Fairy Godmother that her son would overcome many obstacles in order to rescue Fiona and break the spell, finding instead the Big Bad Wolf using the tallest tower as a hangout. They reprimand Harold for breaking an old promise that Charming would be able to marry Fiona and demand that he find a way to get rid of Shrek. After Shrek reads Fiona\'s diary and pages containing the single phrase "Mrs. Fiona Charming", Harold arranges for Shrek and Donkey to join him on a fictitious hunting trip, which really is a trap to lure the two into the hands of an assassin, Puss in Boots . When Fiona realizes that Shrek left, she asks her father for help, but he replies that he always wanted the best for her and that she should think about what is the best for her, too. Puss is unable to defeat Shrek and, revealing that he was paid by Harold, asks to come along as a way to make amends. Shrek decides to go to the Fairy Godmother for help. However, the Fairy Godmother states that ogres do not live "happily ever after" and refuses to assist. Nonetheless, the three sneak into the Fairy Godmother\'s potion factory and steal a "Happily Ever After" potion that Shrek believes will restore Fiona\'s love for him. Shrek and Donkey both drink the potion, which doesn\'t appear to work, but when it starts to rain, they leave, and in doing so they fail to notice that a mushroom that Shrek previously sneezed potion on changes into a beautiful rose. They wait out the storm in a barn and, while there, Shrek and Donkey become dizzy and fall over and into a deep sleep. When they awake, they discover the potion has taken effect: Shrek is now a handsome human, while Donkey has turned into a stallion. In order to make the change permanent, Shrek must kiss Fiona by midnight. He, Donkey, and Puss return to the castle to discover that the potion has also transformed Fiona back into her former, human self from the first movie. However, the Fairy Godmother, having learned of the potion\'s theft, sends Charming to the castle, where he poses as Shrek to win Fiona\'s love. Although Harold recognizes Charming for who he really is, he doesn\'t speak up. Shrek heartbroken lets Fiona go, believing she will be happier with Charming. A few hours later, Shrek hears that Fiona hasn\'t fallen for Charming, and that Harold has been given a love potion to put in Fiona\'s tea, which will cause her to fall in love with the first person she kisses. Harold, knowing that it is madness refuses, but the Fairy Godmother threatens to take away his \'Happily Ever After\', if he does not fulfill her wish. The trio overhear the exchange, and are noticed by the Fairy Godmother, who has them arrested by the royal guards and thrown into a dungeon. When the royal ball begins, several of Shrek\'s friends band together to free the trio  and create a gigantic gingerbread man , which breaks through the castle\'s defences so Shrek can stop the kiss, Mongo falls into the moat, losing his arms as a result. When Shrek arrives, Charming forcibly kisses Fiona, believing the potion has taken effect, Fiona knocks him out temporarily with a headbutt. When the Fairy Godmother confronts Harold, he reveals that he gave her the wrong tea, having realized her love for Shrek. The Fairy Godmother tries to kill Shrek, Harold commits self-sacrifice to save Shrek, his armour reflects and disintegrates the Fairy Godmother into a cloud of bubbles; it also returns Harold to his true form, that of the Frog Prince. Harold apologizes to Shrek and Fiona for everything he has done, and now realizes what is best for Fiona, giving his blessing. Shrek forgives him, and Lillian tells Harold that she still loves him no matter what. When it is midnight, Shrek tells Fiona that if they kiss now, then their change will be permanent. But Fiona says that she wants more than any other princess wants to live happily ever after with the ogre she married. The clock chimes as the potion\'s effects wear off, with Donkey changing back as well, much to his chagrin, he cheers up as Shrek reassures him he still is a noble steed to him, Puss and Donkey sing as the royal ball resumes celebrating the true loved newlyweds. After the credits roll Donkey is seen complaining about missing his dragon mate, suddenly she appears with six babies they call "Dronkeys" ".'] ['{{Plot}} In the kingdom of Malaria, the economy was once based on agriculture until a mysterious climate change killed their crops. The evil King, Malbert, restructured the economy based on "Evil Inventions" - to wit, blackmailing the rest of the world to pay Malaria not to unleash the various bizarre doomsday devices invented by a ruling class of Evil Scientists. One Igor, servant to the somewhat dull-minded Doctor Glickenstein , is actually a talented inventor who aspires to be an Evil Scientist himself. His inventions include "Scamper", a re-animated, immortal rabbit with a death wish, and "Brain" , a dim-witted human brain transplanted into a life support jar. Igor gets his chance to shine when Glickenstein\'s entry into the annual Evil Science Fair malfunctions and explodes, taking Glickenstein with it. When King Malbert visits Glickenstein\'s castle, Igor pretends to be helping him with "creating life". The King is wary of the growing popularity of the reigning victor, Dr. Schadenfreude, which is beginning to rival his own. For his own part, Schadenfreude  is sick of having to bow and scrape to the King, and decides to use his next winning "invention" to seize power. His main accomplice is his girlfriend, Jaclyn, a shapeshifter who masquerades as the girlfriends of Malaria\'s other Evil Scientists in order to steal their inventions for Schadenfreude. With Brain and Scamper\'s help, Igor assembles a huge, monstrous being from human remains, endowed with super-strength, invulnerability, and an "evil bone". But when he brings her to life, Igor is dismayed to discover that the bone has not been activated, and the giant is gentle, affectionate, and feminine. Trying to convince it of its "evil" nature, Igor inadvertently dubs it "Eva". Igor takes Eva to a "Brain-Wash", a service which uses television to alter the personalities of those who use it, which attempts to turn Eva violent by exposing her to violent images. However, Brain, who is watching television in the next room, mistakenly changes the channel while trying to fix his own television. Eva ends up watching an episode of Inside the Actor\'s Studio, and adopts, permanently, the personality of a kind-hearted aspiring actress. Igor can only get her to cooperate by convincing her that the upcoming Evil Science Fair is in fact an audition for the role of Little Orphan Annie. Learning of Eva\'s existence, Dr. Schadenfreude attempts to steal her, first through outright theft which fails due to his incompetence, then by inviting Igor into his castle. When Igor refuses to help him, Schadenfreude exposes him to the King, who throws him into an "Igor Recycling Chute", which leads to the "Igor Recycling Plant", while Schadenfreude takes control of Eva. Just before the Science Fair, Schadenfreude manages to activate her "Evil Bone" by goading her into attacking him, which transforms her into a violent monster. Unleashed into the Evil Science Fair, she destroys all the other Evil Inventions while singing "Tomorrow" from Annie. Igor escapes from the Recycling Plant with Scamper and Brain\'s help, and rushes to the Fair to save Eva. Ascending into the King\'s castle which overlooks the arena, Igor discovers a machine at the top  that acts as a magnet for the storm clouds that have plagued Malaria for years. Shocked, Igor realizes that King Malbert deliberately killed Malaria\'s crops, to keep them enslaved to his "Evil Inventions" plan and ensure his vast power over Malaria. Igor rushes into the arena and reasons with Eva, telling her that all beings have the potential for evil, but it is their choice to ignore it. Eva regains her normal personality. Scamper and Brain, meanwhile, deactivate the weather-manipulation machine, allowing the climate to return to its temperate character. The enormous device accidentally falls on King Malbert, killing him. Schadenfreude takes the throne after Malbert\'s death for a brief few minutes, but he is shouted down when the people realize that Malbert had deceived them all and revolt against the monarchy. At the same time, Jaclyn, who is dependent on special pills to retain her shapeshifting abilities, runs out of pills and reverts to her normal form: a female Igor. Some time later, Malaria regains its former pastoral character. The monarchy has been dissolved and Malaria is now a republic. Igor has been elected President of Malaria, and has ended the sub-status of Igors, who now enjoy equal status with all citizens. The prestige of "Evil Scientist" has been abrogated, as a defrocked Schadenfreude is seen working at the only job he is skilled at: pickle salesman, and Jaclyn starts dating Schadenfreude\'s former Igor. The annual Science Fair is changed into an annual musical theater showcase, with Eva as the star, and Scamper and Brain as costume designer and properties manager. Igor and Eva stand together while the Blind Orphans sing "I Can See Clearly Now".'] ['Shrek , a grouchy, cynical, terrifying greenogre that has always enjoyed living in peaceful solitude in his swamp, finds his life disrupted when thousands of various fairytale characters are exiled into his swamp by order of the obsessive, evil, fairy-tale hating Lord Farquaad . Shrek announces to the fairytale creatures that to see Farquaad to move them out of his swamp and back where they came from, Shrek brings along a talking Donkey . Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man  into revealing the whereabouts of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with an object Farquaad has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. The Mirror tells Farquaad that he can only become a real king by marrying a princess . The Mirror gives him three princesses to choose from : Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona . Farquaad chooses Fiona and silences the Mirror before he can mention "the little thing that happens at night" . Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad\'s palace in Duloc, where they find themselves in the midst of a tournament. The winner will have the "privilege" of attempting to rescue Fiona from a castle surrounded by lava and protected by a fire-breathing dragon so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek  easily beats the other knights in a fashion that resembles a wrestling match and Farquaad agrees to remove the fairytale creatures from the swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona. Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona. Donkey encounters the dragon and sweet-talks the beast to save himself before discovering that the dragon is female. Dragon takes a liking to Donkey and carries him to her chambers. When Shrek finds Fiona, she is appalled at his lack of romanticism. As they are leaving, Shrek manages to save Donkey, caught in Dragon\'s tender clutches, and causing her to become irate, chasing Shrek, Fiona, and Donkey out of the castle. At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but quickly becomes disappointed when Shrek takes his helmet off and she realises that he is an ogre. The three make their return journey to Farquaad\'s palace Fiona wants to camp out for the night real badly and decides to sleep in a cave while, Shrek and Donkey stay awake and watch the stars while Shrek tells stories about great ogres and informs Donkey that he plans to build a 10-foot wall around his swamp when he returns. When Donkey persistently asks Shrek why he is doing this, Shrek sadly confesses to him that everyone judges him before they know him; therefore, he feels he is better off alone, despite Donkey\'s admittance that he did not immediately judge him when they first met. The next day, Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. Later the trio were almost to Duloc and that night Fiona takes shelter in a nearby abandoned windmill. When Donkey hears strange noises coming from the windmill, he finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. Fiona explains she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night, which is why she was locked away in the castle, and that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love\'s true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona and to give her a sunflower, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he misinterprets her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" as being disgusted with him. Fiona makes Donkey promise not to tell Shrek about the spell, vowing to do it herself, but when the next morning comes, Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to Fiona. The two return to the castle, while a hurt Shrek returns to the now-vacated swamp, not long after breaking off his friendship with Donkey, out of anger. Shrek finds that, despite his privacy, he is miserable and misses Fiona. Furious at Shrek for what he did, Donkey comes to the swamp where Shrek reveals that he overheard Donkey and Fiona\'s conversation. Donkey keeps his promise to Fiona and tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else. He then tells him that Fiona will be getting married shortly, urging Shrek into action to gain Fiona\'s true love. They are able to travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey. Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, and tells Fiona that Farquaad isn\'t his true love, but only marring him to be king. The sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone in the church, causes Shrek to fully understand what he overheard at the windmill, Farquaad, disgusted over the change, orders Shrek killed and Fiona imprisoned, but Shrek whistles for Dragon, who bursts in, along with Donkey, and devours Farquaad. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken, but is surprised to find that she has remained an ogress, as she thought she was supposed to become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is beautiful. The two of them get married in the swamp and depart on their honeymoon while the rest celebrate by singing "I\'m a Believer".'] [' Following the events of Appleseed, ESWAT members Deunan Knute and Briareos Hecatonchires infiltrate a cathedral somewhere outside of Olympus and find European Union officials taken hostages. After rescuing the EU officials and destroying the cyborgs, ESWAT return to Olympus, where Briareos is confined to hospital until he recovers, while Deunan continues ESWAT work. When Deunan\'s commanding officer Lance introduces her to her new partner, Tereus, she is shocked as her partner resembles Briareos\' human form. Deunan confronts Lance for an explanation, and is given the tour of the new Bioroid production facility. During the tour, Hitomi, a bioroid that Deunan befriended during those events, is mentioned to now be a minister of political affairs. Here it is shown that Tereus is actually a Bioroid; a prototype for a whole new production line of Bioroids to be soldiers without negative emotions to impact their judgment in fighting. As his physical and mental strength was found to be most desirable in ESWAT, Briareos\' DNA was used mostly in Tereus\' design. Reluctantly, Deunan is partnered up with Tereus to evaluate his performance. While departing, Deunan encounters Hitomi and Hitomi gives her a ride home. Deunan notices that many Olympus citizens are wearing Connexus; a device on their ears which projects holographic data over the eyes. Deunan, Lance and Hitomi visit Briareos, still recovering in hospital. Here, Lance states that out of the last five terrorist incidents, four of them have been by groups composed solely of cyborgs, with transmitted signals from surrounding locations, thus suggesting that digitally vulnerable cyborgs are actually being manipulated to perform these acts. Because many of these cyborgs consist of parts made by Poseidon, a multinational industrial conglomerate, an emissary is sent to Prime Minister Athena. The emissary denies Poseidon blame, but Olympus still boycotts them, which Poseidon finds undesirable as other world powers may follow suit. Meanwhile, Hitomi hosts a birthday party, in which Deunan is happy to find Briareos attending now that he\'s fully recovered. Briareos meets Tereus for the first time - which makes him uncomfortable - but the two accept each other. Briareos also accepts Deunan\'s new partnership with Tereus, and has found someone other than Deunan to partner with, which upsets her. She storms off, but is eventually joined by Tereus, who displays many of Briareos\' personality traits, which by Deunan\'s own admission makes her feel "confused." The next day, Athena and an assemblage of world leaders discuss making a global security network by merging all the satellites worldwide to prevent terrorist attacks before they happen. ESWAT and the Olympus police forces set up barricades around the conference hall. ESWAT personnel pick up the broadcast of an unknown signal. Soon enough, a variety of vehicles and non-cybernetic humans begin to assault the conference, much to the confusion of ESWAT and the regular police. Even more strangely, at the same time, Aeacus kills an engineer on board an ESWAT transport, declaring, "We will all be one. I am Halcon" and destroys it to escape wearing his Land-Mate. Briareos rushes to the explosion, and initially tries to stop Aeacus but ends up killing him. As Deunan and Tereus arrive, Tereus uncovers the mysterious signal coming from robotic doves. Simultaneously, the unknown signal disappears, and the attackers collapse. A funeral is held sometime later for Aeacus. At the same time all the satellites are joined, Briareos is nearly run down by an unmanned vehicle. He stops it but suddenly goes berserk and hacks into a public terminal, crashing the main satellite control, forcing Olympus to switch to a backup. Briareos is hospitalized, with the unknown signal ruled out as the cause of his outburst. Briareos gets suspicious of his cyborg doctor, Richard Kestner, who operated on him after his accident. He has Hitomi look up Kestner\'s files, learning that he once worked with Poseidon\'s Halcon Laboratories - but all records of his project are mysteriously erased. Briaereos breaks out and tracks down Kestner, who confesses that he is part of a plan to "unify" humanity through erasing individuality, to which he attributes the source of human conflict. He then reveals that he secretly injected Briareos with nanites designed to take control of his body when his adrenaline heats up. Kestner then commits suicide before the police arrive, making them think that Briareos killed him. Briareos escapes, but is cornered by Tereus. Deunan arrives just on scene with an antidote designed to suppress the nanites. The virus Kestner placed in the backup network takes control of the satellites and, through these satellites, all people linked to the Connexus, compelling them to riot against Olympus. Believing that Poseidon knows something about all this, Briareos, Tereus and Deunan track down a Poseidon convoy to learn about Halcon. As they discover, Halcon was once the leading scientific laboratory until they started mind control experiments, which Poseidon was forced to end when the project lead Elizabeth Xander was killed in an accident. Poseidon assists the ESWAT officers in infiltrating the fortress where the Halcon signal is transmitting. Once they are in the control center, they discover that Xander was resurrected as a cyborg to control all those linked to the Connexus. Deunan manages to briefly free her from Halcon control with the last syringe of antidote. With little time before the virus retakes control, Xander frees all the enthralled before pleading Deunan to kill her, which she does so with great reluctance. The heroes then escape the collapsing fortress and return to Olympus.'] ["Beowulf  is a brave legendary Geatish warrior who travels to Denmark alongside his band of soldiers, which include his best friend, Wiglaf , in answer to the call of King Hrothgar , who needs a hero to slay a monster called Grendel , a hideously disfigured troll-like creature with superhuman strength, who attacks Hrothgar's mead hall, Heorot, whenever the Danes hold a celebration there, and he was forced to close the hall. Upon arriving, Beowulf immediately becomes attracted to Hrothgar's wife, Queen Wealtheow ([[Robin Wright , who takes interest in him. Beowulf and his men celebrate in Heorot, in order to lure Grendel out. When the beast does attack, Beowulf attacks him unarmed and naked, determining that since Grendel seems to be immune to mortal weapons and carries no weapons of his own, armour and a sword would be pointless in the fight. Watching his reactions during the melee, Beowulf discovers that Grendel has hypersensitive hearing, which is why he interrupts Hrothgar's celebrations - the noise they make is physically painful to him. Beowulf tears off Grendel's arm, and as thanks for freeing his kingdom from the monster that plagued them for years, Hrothgar gives Beowulf his golden drinking horn, which represents the time Hrothgar slew the mighty dragon Fafnir. Inside his cave, the dying Grendel tells his Mother what was done to him, and by whom, and she swears revenge, travelling to Heorot in the night and slaughtering Beowulf's men while they were sleeping after the celebration. Hrothgar tells both Beowulf and Wiglaf who had been sleeping outside the hall at the time that it was the work of Grendel's mother, the last of the Water Demons, who was thought by Hrothgar to have left the land. Beowulf and Wiglaf travel up to the cave of Grendel's mother to slay her. Only Beowulf enters the cave where he encounters Grendel's mother , who takes the form of a beautiful woman. She offers to make him the greatest king who ever lived if he will agree to give her a son to replace Grendel and let her keep the golden drinking horn. Beowulf gives in to her advances and returns, claiming to have killed her. Hrothgar, however, realizes the truth. He tells Beowulf indirectly that, much like Beowulf, he was also seduced by Grendel's mother and was Grendel's father. After unexpectedly naming Beowulf his successor as king, much to the dismay of his royal advisor, Unferth , who was hoping to take the throne, Hrothgar commits suicide. Years later, an elderly Beowulf is married to Wealtheow, who refuses to give him an heir since he had previously slept with the water demon. As a result, Beowulf takes a mistress, Ursula . One day, Unferth's slave Cain  finds the golden drinking horn in a swamp near Grendel's cave and, not realizing why it is there, brings it back to the kingdom. That night, a nearby village is destroyed by a dragon, which leaves Unferth alive in order to deliver a message to King Beowulf . Removing the horn has reneged on the agreement between Beowulf and Grendel's mother, who has now sent their son, the dragon, to destroy his kingdom. Beowulf and Wiglaf go to the Cave once again and Beowulf goes into the cave alone. When Grendel's mother does appear, Beowulf throws the Golden Horn towards her in return for her not attacking the lands. Grendel's mother considers it too late for any kind of agreement and so she releases the dragon from the cave to attack Beowulf's Kingdom where it tries to attack Wealthow and Ursula. Beowulf goes to great lengths to stop the monster, going as far as severing his own arm, and ultimately kills the dragon by ripping its heart out. The dragon's fall mortally wounds Beowulf, but he lives long enough to watch the carcass of the dragon transform into its true form, the humanoid body of his son, before it is washed out to sea. Beowulf then shares words with Wiglaf and tries to tell him the truth, but dies before he can finish. Wiglaf dismisses his words as mere disillusions-although it seems clear from the earlier conversation with Beowulf outside the dragon's cave, where Wiglaf refuses to listen to Beowulf's confession, that Wiglaf is all too aware of the truth. Shortly thereafter, Wiglaf, the new king, gives Beowulf a Norse funeral and watches on the shore as the hero's body is taken by the sea, only to then witness Grendel's mother give a final kiss to Beowulf. Now it is impossible to pretend not to know the truth. At this moment it appears that Grendel's mother attempts to seduce him. Wiglaf steps out into the water, clearly tempted, but showing reluctance to follow her, as the scene blacks out."] ['Strawberry Shortcake is dreaming of a world filled with berry plants that she and her friends can share. But when the Peculiar Pie Man comes to Strawberry Land, her dreams and friendships begin dying, leading to a crop whose stock has been devoured by "Berry Birds".<ref name26681 Review of Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie] by Mike Long . DVD Talk. Retrieved March 2, 2007. After arranging a sleepover with her friends, Strawberry and the rest travel to the Land of Dreams on a Dreamboat that Ginger Snap has built, in order to stop the Pie Man from taking over their residence.Plot summary for Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie at the Internet Movie Database.Rose Theater: Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie - Story Synopsis.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with Samson the lion telling his son Ryan stories of his adventures in the wild. Ryan attempts to imitate his father\'s roar, but all he can manage is a squeaky meow. During the night, when the zoo closes, all the animals are free to roam. Samson heads off to play a game of Turtle Curling with the other animals, while Ryan is taunted to come with his friends Eze the Hippo and Duke the Kangaroo to stalk the gazelles like his father. Samson later observes as his best friend Benny the Squirrel tries to get Bridget the Giraffe to go out with him, but she is clearly not interested. Along with Bridget, an unlucky koala named Nigel, and a dim-witted anaconda named Larry , Samson competes in a Turtle Curling Game against a team of Penguins. Meanwhile, Ryan\'s friends sneak into the gazelle exhibit. Ryan tries to stop Eze and Duke with a roar, but meows instead. However, it wakes the gazelles into a stampede, which ruins his father\'s game. This ends up invoking Samson\'s anger as he scolds Ryan for spending all day sulking. Ryan retorts by saying he sulks because he would feel much better being a loser if his father wasn\'t "Samson the Wild." That night, Ryan accidentally gets shipped into the \'Green Boxes\', which legend tells will take him to the wild. With the help of a pigeon, Samson and Benny go after him, sneaking into a garbage disposal truck. However, Nigel, Larry, and Bridget tag along to help as well, accidentally throwing Benny off the truck. After nearly being crushed in the garbage disposal, the group encounters a pack of rabid stray dogs. To their surprise, Samson makes them hide in the sewer rather than fight. There, they take directions from two street wise alligators named Carmine and Stan who lead them to the docks. The next morning, the four friends steal a tugboat during a hectic escape from several bulk carriers entering and departing New York harbor to chase after Ryan\'s ship. After they learn how to drive the boat with a little help from Larry, they reunite with Benny, who has enlisted some Canada geese to help lead the crew in the right direction of Ryan\'s ship. After several days, Nigel goes mad with the heat and thirst, and, under the impression they have hit an iceberg, jumps overboard. Luckily, the boat has run aground in Africa. The group quickly discovers that all the animals in the area are being evacuated by the carriers, as a nearby volcano erupts. They witness Ryan escaping, but he runs into the jungle before they can stop him. Samson attempts to use his instincts to find him, but it is quickly revealed that he has never been in the wild before. The rest of the group head back to the ship, but Samson decides to keep trying to find Ryan. While walking Samson sees plants and rocks turning into different colors; he thinks they are his senses. Nigel is captured by a group of wildebeests who dwell in the volcano, and their leader Kazar, pronounces him king, based on an \'omen\' he received when he was young. About to be devoured by lions, a toy koala fell from the sky  and scared the lions away, saving his life. Kazar wants to change the food chain; he no longer wants his kind to be at the bottom, but would rather see "prey become predators" and vice versa. For this, he needs to sacrifice a lion. Bridget and Larry are also captured and held prisoner. Ryan is left sheltering in a branch of an old tree, but he is attacked by a gang of vultures led by Scraw and Scab acting under orders from Kazar. The branch breaks and traps his paw. Ryan attempts a roar but again can only manage a meow. Samson hears Ryan\'s cries and runs to save him, scaring off the birds. The two reunite, but are interrupted by a pack of wildebeests. Ryan is shocked when Samson tells him to run. The two retreat to a tree where Samson reveals the truth. He was born in the circus and, like Ryan, couldn\'t roar. Samson\'s father was ashamed, telling him a wild lion could roar, before allowing his son to be sent to the zoo, where Samson lied to avoid the shame. Meanwhile, the wildebeests discover them and, in the scuffle, send the tree over the cliff, with Samson still hanging on. Ryan is taken back to the volcano to be sacrificed. Samson is found later by Benny, and together they follow Samson\'s \'instinct\' to the mountain in which the wildebeests are. This instinct turns out to be a group of chameleons who can camouflage themselves to look like they are leading his way - they help Samson because they want to see the wildebeest overthrown. Nigel tries his best to distract Kazar and the others from harming his friends , but eventually Samson appears. He ends up fighting Kazar in order to protect the others and Ryan. Though at first Samson is strong, he gradually becomes weaker and so Kazar attempts to finish him off. Ryan, seeing Samson in danger, climbs onto a catapulting device and launches himself. The others helped to make this device. Ryan finally finds his roar while in mid-air. Ryan lands on Kazar\'s back, but is quickly thrown off. Samson attacks Kazar and manages to throw the bighead into a rock. Ryan, unconscious, wakes up and tells Samson that he is happy to have him for a dad. The other wildebeests are touched by this act. Kazar orders the other wildebeest to help him. His second in command Jab tells him that the wildebeests are tired of pretending to be something that they\'re not, and refuse to help. During the fight, Samson gains the courage he has needed, and roars powerfully enough to push back a charging Kazar. After Kazar is caught in the volcano\'s eruption, the other wildebeests accompany Samson and the others back to the Central Park Zoo. The film ends with a fade out. Before total blackness, the music pauses and one of the wildebeests peers through the hole, which closes on his neck and chokes him. He coughs and Nigel appears, holding the Statue of Liberty torch that he has carried throughout the film, and hits the wildebeest with it. He then apologizes to the audience, breaking the fourth wall in the process.'] ['The film begins with a lonely 9-year-old named Lucas Nickle  being tormented by a bully and his gang. In turn, Lucas attacks an anthill with a squirt gun. This terrifies the ants. One ant, an eccentric wizard named Zoc , tries to fight back. His girlfriend, a nurse ant named Hova , attempts to communicate with Lucas. She is almost crushed but is rescued by Zoc. The leaders of the colony decide to use a potion to shrink Lucas down to ant size. Lucas\' parents, who fail to understand his problems, go to Puerto Vallarta, leaving him with his older sister and his Grandmother, who obsesses over aliens. Meanwhile, the local exterminator, Stan Beals , convinces Lucas to sign a contract to kill vermin. Later, Zoc and a small troop of ants pour the potion into his ear. Lucas wakes up and discovers that he is now naked and tiny. He is carried to the anthill into a world of giant caves, caterpillars and ants. Zoc insists that Lucas should be studied then eaten, but he is overruled by the Queen . She sentences Lucas to hard labor. Hova volunteers to train Lucas, much to Zoc\'s mortification. Hova and Lucas both learn about the differences between ants and humans. But when she forces him to forage for jelly beans with Kreela  and her boyfriend, Fugax  Lucas is unsuccessful. The ants are attacked by wasps. Lucas finds a discarded firecracker and uses it to destroy the attacker wasp and scare the other wasps away. This earns him the admiration of all the ants – except Zoc. Lucas is introduced to honeydew , and becomes sick from where it comes from. He is shown a painting which depicts the Great Ant Mother and the evil "Cloud-Breather", an exterminator. Lucas is told that the Great Ant Mother will return and shower the ants with honeydew, while the Cloud-breather will spell destruction for all of them. He and his friends go back the house, where he tries to call the exterminator to cancel the contract but dials a pizza restaurant instead. Then Lucas\' sister comes home and they are forced into hiding until dark. When Zoc finds out that Lucas put Hova in possible danger, he accuses Lucas of further treachery and tells him that he should find another wizard because there is no way that he will give Lucas the potion to turn him back again. Lucas runs away, frightened, and Hova becomes angry with Zoc. But when Lucas is eaten by a frog, Zoc frees him, starting to like him and realizing he was not so bad after all. Afterwards Zoc and Lucas discuss their differences. Zoc explains that ants work for the benefit of the colony. Lucas states that most humans work for personal gain. Zoc is confused as to how anything gets accomplished in Lucas\' world. The next morning, Lucas finds the Ant Mother approaching. He discovers that the \'Ant Mother\' is actually a giant balloon strapped to Stan Beals\' van used as a symbol for pest control. The ants enlist the aid of the wasps; at first, the wasps want to eat Lucas, but hearing that their nest is destroyed by Beals, they agree to help. During the battle with the exterminator, Lucas saves the lives of Hova and an injured wasp. Both the ants and wasps were no match against pesticide, but as he is about to exterminate the ant hill, a beetle and glowworm manage to bite Beals in crotch. Lucas injects him with a shrinking potion. He runs away using a tricycle. Zoc then gives Lucas the enlarging potion and Lucas becomes a human again-just in time for his parents to return and tell him how much they missed him. He also manages to befriend his former bullies, and the movie ends with him giving a bag of jelly beans to the ant colony.'] ['Every penguin sings a unique song called a "heartsong" to attract a mate. If the male penguin\'s heartsong matches the female\'s song, the two penguins mate. Norma Jean, a female penguin, sings "Kiss", whereupon Memphis, a male penguin, sings "Heartbreak Hotel". Norma Jean chooses Memphis as her mate. She lays an egg, which is left with Memphis while Norma Jean leaves with the other females to fish. While the males struggle through the harsh winter, Memphis accidentally drops the egg, briefly exposing it to the freezing Antarctic temperatures. The resulting chick, Mumble, has blue eyes, ever-lasting down feathers, and a terrible singing voice. However, Mumble has a talent that no other penguin has ever seen before: tap dancing. One day Mumble wanders into a secluded area, where he is free to dance without any complaints. Mumble is interrupted when Boss Skua and his posse Dino, Frankie, and Vinnie attempt to eat him. Mumble stalls by asking the leader of the pack about a yellow band that is attached to his right ankle. The Boss Skua tells Mumble that he had been abducted by "aliens". Mumble narrowly escapes the hungry birds by falling into a crevice. Years later, Mumble, now an adult but still half-covered in fluffy down, joins his class graduates on their first trip into the ocean, where they find a large iceberg to rest on. After interrupting the graduates\' song, Mumble is forced to leave, and finds a smaller iceberg. A leopard seal chases him off the iceberg. After escaping the leopard seal, he befriends a small group of bachelors which are Adelie Penguins who form a club called "the Amigos": the leader Ramon, the brothers Raul and Nestor, and twin brothers Rinaldo and Lombardo. The Amigos quickly embrace Mumble\'s dance moves and assimilate him into their misfit group. Mumble\'s joy is cut short when he accidentally starts an avalanche and causes a hidden human excavator to tumble out from a glacier. Driven by curiosity, he sets out to find the "aliens" responsible for the machine. Mumble has a lot of questions, and the group suggests that he ask Lovelace, a Rockhopper penguin who answers questions in exchange for stones and is known as the guru. Lovelace has the plastic rings of a six pack entangled around his neck, which he uses to project his guru image. When asked if the rings were from the aliens, Lovelace denies that aliens exists and claims that the plastic rings were bestowed upon him by mystic beings. In Mumble\'s old home, it is mating season, and Gloria is the center of attention. Although she is surrounded by a large horde of suitors, none of their heartsongs interest her. Ramon tries to help Mumble by singing a Spanish version of "My Way", with Mumble lip syncing. Gloria is not fooled, however, for she knows Mumble cannot sing. She then notices Ramon behind Mumble\'s back. Gloria becomes angry and turns her back on Mumble. Gloria continues towards the other males visibly distraught. As a last resort, Mumble tries to persuade her to sing along to his tapping rhythm. Because of her affection for him, she complies. As Mumble\'s beat speeds up, Gloria finds the chorus to her heartsong, and realizes it is "Boogie Wonderland". Overcome with happiness that they can now be mates, the pair begin dancing, along with the other penguins. Noah the elder sees their lack of fish as punishment from the Great \'Guin for Mumble\'s dancing. Mumble tries to explain about the mysterious "aliens", and that they are the cause of the scarceness of fish, but only his mother and Gloria believe him. Noah exiles Mumble from the colony. Mumble vows that he will find the real cause of the famine. He and the Amigos return to Lovelace only to find him being choked by the plastic rings. Lovelace confesses that he got stuck in the rings while swimming near the forbidden shores. He reveals that the forbidden shores are located past the land of elephant seals and beyond the blizzard country. Mumble, the Amigos and Lovelace start their journey. Gloria tries to come, but Mumble, fearing for her safety, drives her off by insulting her singing talents. They travel across vast territories till they reach the shore. Mumble sees a boat and swims after it. He swims far, and is washed up exhausted onshore. He is rescued and kept at Marine World with some Magellanic Penguins. He tries to communicate with the "aliens", but when his pleas fail, Mumble nearly succumbs to madness after long confinement. When a girl attempts to interact with Mumble by tapping the glass, he starts dancing, and soon a large crowd gathers. He is released back into the wild, with a Tracking system on his back. He leads the humans to his colony. The other penguins are skeptical, but when Gloria notices the device, they realize that the "aliens" exist. Convinced, the penguins, along with the elders, dance with Mumble to get the humans\' attention. A research team arrives and film the penguins dancing. They bring the footage back and a worldwide debate ensues. The governments realize they are overfishing. Antarctic fishing is banned, and the fish population recovers. At this, the Emperor Penguins and the Amigos celebrate. In the final scene, a baby penguin is seen dancing next to Mumble and Gloria, revealed to be their son Erik in Happy Feet Two.'] ["Luke and Lucy find out that a masked villain called JP has kidnapped and shrunk all the Texas Rangers. They leave for Dark City, Texas with their friends and settle in the Texas Rangers' HQ. It quickly becomes clear that they are not welcome. JP terrorizes the city and has spies everywhere. The saloon dancer Miss Missy decides to join Luke and Lucy in their fight against JP, but Aunt Sybil doesn't trust her and suspects that she is secretly in cahoots with JP. Is she jealous of Ambrose  and Wilbur's  interest in Miss Missy? Luke and Lucy don't trust the Sheriff or the grocer, Theodore, who acts suspiciously. After a confrontation with JP, Luke and Lucy realize that the Sheriff's cast is fake, and they discover that a closet in Miss Missy's hotel room is filled with weapons. Who is the real culprit?"] ['At the Central Park Zoo, Marty the zebra is celebrating his tenth birthday, but longs to see the rest of the world from outside his pampered life at the zoo, believing that he can find wide-open spaces to run around in, like Connecticut. Marty\'s best friend, Alex the lion attempts to cheer up his friend by singing Frank Sinatra\'s "New York, New York" with him. Still unsatisfied, Marty gets some tips from the zoo\'s penguins; Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private. The penguins are similarly trying to escape the zoo. Marty\'s friends—Alex the lion, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippopotamus—realize Marty\'s folly and try to follow him. The four, along with the penguins and the chimpanzees Mason and his silent friend Phil eventually find themselves at Grand Central Station, but are quickly sedated by tranquilizer darts when Alex\'s attempt to communicate with humans is mistaken for aggression. The zoo  is forced to ship the animals, by sea, to a Kenyan wildlife preserve. During their travels, the penguins escape from their enclosure and take over the ship, intent on taking it to Antarctica. Their antics on the bridge cause the crates containing Alex, Marty, Melmen, and Gloria to fall off the boat and wash ashore on Madagascar. The animals are soon able to regroup, initially believing themselves to be in the zoo at San Diego, California. Upon exploring, however, they come across a pack of lemurs led by King Julien XIII, and quickly learn of their true location. Alex blames Marty for their predicament and attempts to signal for help to get back to civilization. Marty, on the other hand, finds the wild to be exactly what he was looking for, with Gloria and Melman soon joining him in enjoying the island. Alex eventually comes around, though his hunting instincts begin to show; he has been away from the pampered zoo life of prepacked steaks for too long. The group is accepted by the lemurs, though King Julien\'s adviser, Maurice, cautions them about Alex\'s predatory nature. King Julien ignores Maurice\'s concerns and persuades the group to help the lemurs fend off the fossa, who hunt the lemurs as prey. While initially Alex scares the fossa away and is worshiped by the lemurs, he later falls under his instincts and attacks Marty. Realizing that Alex is now a threat to them, King Julien banishes Alex to the far side of the island, where the fossa live. Marty begins to regret his decision to leave the zoo, seeing what Alex has turned into. The penguins, having been to Antarctica and found that it "sucks," land the boat on Madagascar. Seeing this as a chance to return Alex to New York, Marty rushes after his friend against the wishes of the others. Marty attempts to convince the now grizzled, starving Alex to return by using the "New York" song but Alex refuses in fear of attacking him again. The penguins, Gloria and Melman go to find Marty, but are trapped by the fossa. At the last minute, Alex finally overcomes his predatory nature and scares the fossa away from the lemur territory forever. The lemurs regain their respect for Alex and the penguins help him satisfy his hunger through sushi instead of steak. As the lemurs throw a bon voyage celebration for the foursome, the penguins decide not to break the news that the ship has run out of fuel and that they are still stuck on the island, setting the stage for Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.'] ['At night, an animal testing laboratory in grimy downtown Oslo is broken into by a group of vegan animal rights activists calling themselves the "urban guerillas". They first release some rabbits, which refuse to leave. They then set the rats free, then cats, which to the horror of the activists, eat the rats. They then release a dog which in turn, again to their horror, kills the cats. They bury the dead animals, vowing to at some point take revenge on "animal oppressing" society. One of them, Sonia, a highly-strung anxiety-stricken woman, keeps the dog and names the dog "Karma". Meanwhile, three inept stoners and bungling habitual criminals named Odd, Gaz and Flea  sit around in a decrepit apartment, watching the news story about the lab break in. Their shady American friend Roy Arnie arrives and offers them a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity with Circus Stromowski, a travelling Russian circus led by Ringmaster Igor Stromowski. The lads agree as they are in debt with Roy Arnie, and it is apparently a good money-raiser, and to escape a local gangster named Ivan. However, upon arriving at the circus, they find Stromowski to be utterly deranged, the acts dangerous and performers suicidal. The entire circus is full of useless, miserable has-beens and tired animals that will only perform under the influence of narcotics. What\'s more, the four lads are actually to be animal handlers with the dangerous animals in the circus stable. The star attraction is "Jimmy", a captive large male elephant who is paranoid of police and with an ear ring and half a tusk sawn off. Roy Arnie gives Jimmy speed to incite the animal to go crazy and perform in the ring for the spectators. At night, he gives Jimmy heroin to sedate him. Soon the elephant is hooked on the drugs, a junkie. The events of the original movie take place entirely in Norway; in the English language version of the movie, the story begins in Britain, and ends up in Norway with the travelling circus. Roy Arnie admits to the others that he has stolen over a million pounds worth of heroin which he stole from a tanker belonging to the Russian Mafia, and that he decided on the circus to escape them. The four lads hatch a plan to smuggle the heroin out of Norway by putting all the heroin inside the elephant. Roy makes an incision in Jimmy\'s buttocks, places the bags of drugs inside, and then sews it back up. He has a plan to set up his own circus with the money potentially made from the heroin, the "Roy Arnie Circus", and believes Jimmy to be the key to his dream. However on the night the lads plan to steal the elephant, Jimmy escapes when he is accidentally given speed instead of heroin, and he bolts out of a door left open by the animal rights activists. Jimmy\'s drug-induced escape causes widespead chaos. Flea comically steals a van with no windshield in the ensuing chase of Jimmy, which leads them up into the frozen moorland. Three bizarrely-dressed bikers who have been tailing the lads the whole time turn out to be three members of the highly feared "Laplander Mafia" who have been hired by the Russians and are looking for the heroin, and revenge on Roy Arnie. After overhearing their conversations they learn of where the drugs are, and decide to first go after the elephant. Meanwhile, the animal rights activists are hot on Jimmy\'s trail with the intention of rescuing Jimmy. Jimmy is hunted by a group of trigger happy, redneck-type big game hunters who want to shoot something bigger than a moose for a change. So begins a mad cap cross country road trip to find Jimmy, with different groups with different motives. The four stoners crash a log cabin which is occupied by an elderly American couple, but the three Lappish Mafia bikers find them there, kill the couple and torture the four stoners for information on the whereabouts of Jimmy the elephant. Jimmy nearly dies on the moors as he begins to go through cold turkey, although a seemingly intelligent and benevolent moose with golden antlers befriends the elephant and attempts to nurse him back to health by nudging him towards water and bringing him grass to eat. The moose pushes Jimmy into a rocky overhang, protecting the elephant from the elements. The moose forces Jimmy to stand on occasion by pushing him up and holding him up with his antlers, bringing back the strength in Jimmy\'s legs. Over the course of a few painful days, with the moose\'s help, Jimmy makes a full recovery from the drugs, and again becomes one with nature away from the ugly trappings of man. When the groups converge on Jimmy\'s location, chaos ensues which results in most of the people involved getting killed in various ways. As the elephant and the moose escape into the sunset, Jimmy steps on Sonia the activist\'s dog, Karma, splatting it. Sonia momentarily loses her temper and picks up one of the hunters\' rifles and shoots Jimmy in the behind, unwittingly bursting the bags of heroin inside and causing Jimmy to die within minutes . This causes Sonia to recoil in horror in what she has done, and then she and her friend scream and run off. The moose causes a landslide which buries Jimmy\'s body, and after the moose sits poignantly by the mound of rocks which now entomb Jimmy, it gallops off into the sunset alone. The only other survivors of the massacre, the four stoners, do not witness these events and believing Jimmy still alive they continue to look for Jimmy on the moors. Eventually, they all beat up Roy Arnie for leading them to the situation in the first place, because of his mad circus dreams, and "for Jimmy", "our mate". At the end of the film, full of remorse over what he has done in the past, Roy Arnie goes out alone into a terrible blizzard on the moors to look for Jimmy, who he does not know is dead.'] [' On Christmas Eve, in the 1950s, a young boy who lives in Grand Rapids, Michigan is hoping for belief in the true spirit of Christmas. He looks through magazines and encyclopedias for confirmation of Santa Claus and the North Pole, but to no avail. About an hour later, the boy goes outside to find a magical train called the Polar Express. The conductor tells him that the train is headed to the North Pole to go to Santa, and that this year is the year that he should board the train. The train route goes north, first through boreal pine forest, then across tundra, then across the frozen Arctic Ocean, to Polar City on an island, everywhere snowbound. In the tundra, the train had a difficult crossing of an area where flood submerged the track and then froze. On the train, the boy encounters a group of other children who are on their way to see Santa Claus, including a young girl, a know-it-all, and a lonely little boy also from Grand Rapids whose name is Billy. When the conductor asks for tickets from everyone so he can punch them, the boy discovers his ticket is miraculously in his left pocket. The conductor punches two letters into each child\'s ticket . However, he forgets to punch the girl\'s ticket. The protagonist finds the girl\'s ticket lying on her seat and, realizing that it wasn\'t punched, tries to give it to her. However, he loses the ticket in the wind, but unknown to him, the ticket miraculously ends up in a vent in the same car that the boy was in. However, the boy does not realize this, and he tells the conductor that he lost the girls ticket. The conductor then takes the girl up to the roof, and the know-it-all says that she will be thrown off the train. The boy suddenly sees the ticket in the vent, and grabs it just before it slips away. When the boy then climbs on the roof to try and stop the conductor, he meets a hobo  on the roof, who helps him to get towards the conductor and the girl by skiing as the train goes downhill. The hobo warns the boy that Flattop Tunnel is approaching, and that it only has 1&nbsp;inch of clearance between the roof of the train and the tunnel itself. They do make it in time, and the boy jumps and lands in the tender. The hobo had disappeared after the boy had jumped. The boy finds the girl driving the train. She explains that the two people who are supposed to be controlling the train, Smokey the engineer and Steamer the fireman, are trying to fix the light on the train and the conductor let her control. The boy later safely hands the girl her ticket for the conductor to punch. They soon reach the North Pole and find out that Billy is riding alone in the observation car, because he does not want to see Santa, as he comes from a broken home on the bad side of his hometown due to a dissolved marriage from his parents\' cultural differences. He says that Christmas never turns out well for him. The boy and girl run back to try to get him to come along with them, but the protagonist accidentally steps on the uncoupling lever and the observation car speeds backwards. The three of them travel from section to section of the North Pole\'s industrial area with guidance from the girl, who claims she hears the sound of bells that will show them the way if they follow the sound. They first visit the Control Center, then the Wrapping Hall, and finally a warehouse, before they are airlifted back to the center of the city via airship. As the sleigh is being prepared, one of the bells fall off. The boy picks it up and shakes it, remembering that the girl and Billy could hear a bell earlier when he could not. As before, he cannot hear it. The boy then says he believes in Santa and the spirit of Christmas. The boy is handpicked by Santa Claus to receive "The First Gift Of Christmas." Realizing that he could choose anything in the world, the boy asks for the beautiful-sounding silver bell  that had fallen from Santa\'s sleigh. The boy places the bell in the right pocket of his robe, and all the children watch as Santa takes off for his yearly deliveries. As the children leave the north pole, the protagonist discovers one of the pockets of his robe is torn and the bell is missing. His friends suggest they go back outside to find it, but it is too late. He is saddened by the loss of his bell, but is happy when he sees Billy holding up his present at his doorway, indicating that Santa had already visited him. On Christmas morning, his sister Sarah finds a small present hidden behind the tree after all the others have been unwrapped. The Hero Boy opens the present and discovers that it is the bell, which Santa had found on the seat of his sleigh. When the Hero Boy rings the bell, both he and Sarah marvel at the beautiful sound; but because their parents neither believe in Santa Claus nor Christmas, they do not hear it and remark it to be broken. The last line in the movie repeats the same last line from the book: "At one time, most of my friends could hear the bell, but as years passed, it fell silent for all of them. Even Sarah found one Christmas that she could no longer hear its sweet sound. Though I\'ve grown old, the bell still rings for me, as it does for all who truly believe."'] ['Mata Nui ,the Great Spirit of the Matoran universe on Aqua Magna, has been exiled from his home by his "brother," the evil Makuta Teridax. Teridax took over his gigantic robot body and placed Mata Nui\'s spirit inside the legendary Mask of Life. Teridax then banished the mask into orbit, in order to prevent Mata Nui from interfering with his takeover of the Matoran Universe. The mask crash lands on a planet called Bara Magna, a remote, decaying wasteland of scrap parts and burnished metals. A Scarabax beetle watches as the Mask of Life creates a body for Mata Nui, who almost steps on the Scarabax. He picks up the Scarabax, who touches his mask. Upon doing so, the beetle changes into a living weapon. Just then, a being called a Vorox attacks Mata Nui and after a struggle, flees without its stinger, which has fallen off. Mata Nui picks up the stinger as a vehicle carrying a villager named Metus  speeds towards him. The fast-talking Agori recruiter takes Mata Nui to Vulcanus as he tells the once ruler about life on Bara Magna. Local villages scavenge for what remains, building shelters, survival gear and ultimately arenas where they can settle their disputes. Putting the best Glatorian from each village against one another, tribes can quickly end quarrels based on the outcome of the fight. Metus introduces Mata Nui to Raanu , the Agori leader of Vulcanus, who is too interested in the fight between veteran fighter Strakk  and Vulcanus\' prime Glatorian, Ackar , to talk. Strakk eventually falls in battle, but gets up and fells Ackar after conceding, a move that gets him banned from the fights. Mata Nui intervenes and gets beaten down by the angry Strakk. As Mata Nui tries to use the stinger to defend himself, the mask transforms it into a sword. Mata Nui quickly defeated Strakk, gaining Ackar as a friend in the process. Metus later attempts to recruit Mata Nui, who refuses. Ackar introduces the hero to Kiina , a feisty Glatorian from the village of Tajun. In exchange for showing the two Glatorians a secret cavern underneath Tajun, Kiina would like to leave Bara Magna with Mata Nui, believing that anywhere is better than her native planet. On their way to Tajun, the three Glatorians are ambushed by a Skopio beast, along with a group of Bone Hunters, who were told the Glatorians location by an Agori traitor. After trapping both beneath a rockslide, they discover that Tajun had been raided by the combined efforts of the formidable Skrall army and the Bone Hunters, despite the fact that the two forces were rival tribes. A Glatorian rookie, Gresh , had been trying to defend the village and was badly injured. The heroes follow Kiina to the caverns, where they encounter Berix , a thief. While Berix tends to Gresh, the other three discover a hidden chamber containing a picture of the robot that was once Mata Nui\'s body. As the Glatorians leave, Gresh complains about his weapon being damaged, then Ackar wonders if what Mata Nui did with Click  and the Vorox tail would work with the Glatorian weapons . Mata Nui successfully repairs and transforms the weapons. In addition, these weapons grant the Glatorian elemental abilities of fire, water, and air for Ackar, Kiina, and Gresh, respectively. The three practice their newfound powers as they travel to Gresh\'s village, Tesara, while Ackar teaches Mata Nui to stay alert in battle and to study and find his opponent\'s weakness. To the protests of Raanu and Metus, the four Glatorian stop a fight between Vastus  and Tarix , telling the crowd of Agori that they must unite their villages against the threat of the Skrall—Bone Hunter alliance. Mata Nui proves his worth to the crowd by transforming Tarix\'s and Vastus\' weapons. In the hot springs not far from Tesara, Kiina follows a mysterious figure. It turns out to be Berix. Kiina is now convinced that Berix is the traitor. But then, the actual traitor corrects Kiina. The two are then captured by the Bone Hunters and the true traitor. Back in Tesara, Raanu and Metus alert the Glatorian about Kiina and Berix\'s kidnapping. Mata Nui ignores Ackar\'s and Gresh\'s offers for assistance and sets off for the Skrall camp on his own. Kiina and Berix are held in a suspended cage near the mouth of a cave at the Skrall camp, both arguing about the former\'s caverns. Mata Nui confronts Tuma, the Skrall leader and challenges him to a one-on-one fight, and eventually defeats him. As he claims Tuma\'s shield in victory and frees Kiina and Berix, the traitor, now revealed to be Metus, appears. He explains how he got the nomads and the Skrall to unite under him. Now in control of the army, he orders the Skrall and Bone Hunters to kill off the three. Just then, the Skrall and Bone Hunters are attacked by an immense being in the shape of Malum, composed of Scarabax beetles. Mata Nui gives Berix Tuma\'s shield, and after lots of chaos, defeats a pack of bone hunters. Mata Nui sees Metus fleeing in his vehicle and follows him. A couple of unchained and vengeful Vorox overturn Metus\' chariot, sending him tumbling to the feet of Mata Nui. Mata Nui picks him up and, despite Metus\' attempt to bargain with him , presses the traitor to his mask, transforming Metus into a snake as a representation of what he truly is. As he slithered away, he claims that his united army cannot be defeated. Realizing this to be the key to winning, Mata Nui has the Glatorians combine their powers against the waves of Skrall and Bone Hunters. As the defeated army flees, the Glatorian rejoice, except for Kiina, who believes Berix to be killed in battle. She quickly finds him alive under a pile of rocks holding a Skrall shield. As the Glatorian and Berix watch the combined efforts of the Agori and the Scarabax beetles pulling the villages together, they notice that the combined villages formed a large robotic body, similar to the one Mata Nui\'s spirit once inhabited. To further this, Berix pulls out a coin with the Unity-Duty-Destiny symbol, the Bara Magna symbol, and the Mask of Life symbol on one side, and the Skrall symbol on the other. Berix shows them the Skrall shield and acknowledges that they are both similar to each other and that the mazelike symbol forms a map. With this information in hand, Ackar, Kiina, Gresh, and Berix prepare to set off for their next adventure with a legend... reborn.'] ["Vaudeville-era magician Presto DiGiotagione{{ref label}} is famous for a hat trick wherein he pulls his rabbit Alec Azam{{ref label}} out of his top hat. The short begins with an unfed and irritated Alec locked in a cage, unable to reach his carrot. After Presto returns from eating a meal, he begins practicing his act with Alec, revealing that his top hat is magically connected to a wizard's hat kept backstage with Alec, so that when Presto reaches into the top hat, his hand appears out of the wizard's hat, allowing him to grab Alec and pull him out of the top hat. He intends to feed Alec the carrot, but realizes that he is late for the show and rushes off to the stage without doing so, much to Alec's anger. Presto tried to start the performance, but Alec has reached his limit and refuses to cooperate until he is given the carrot. Presto then spends the rest of the show trying to catch Alec through the opening between his top hat and the wizard's hat. Alec cleverly turns the hat's magic against his master into multiple painful and humiliating ways and unsuccessful attempts of magic. Presto's hand is hit by a drawer off stage, his finger is stuck into a mouse trap, and he is hit in the face by an egg . Presto responds by antagonizing Alec, turning the carrot into a flower. Furious, Alec sucks Presto's head into a vacuum kept offstage, which spikes Presto's hair, making his face red and then rips his slacks off. Angered, Presto looks angry at Alec. Alec closes Presto's hand into a drawer backstage, and looks through his sleeve for the carrot. Presto starts running at Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his hat, and when he grabs the wizard hat, he accidentally takes of his pants. Furious, Presto wants to attack Alec, but in an act to defend himself, he puts a ladder into the wizard hat, and Presto is hit between the legs by the ladder kept off stage. Trying to get revenge, Presto attempts to hit Alec with the same ladder . Presto antagonizes Alec again, covering the carrot with a cloth before smashing it into a pulp with a piece of the ladder. An extremely angry Alec retaliates by aiming the opening of the wizard's hat towards an electrical socket which Presto's finger goes into, causing him to dance wildly to bluegrass music. The audience interprets these shenanigans as part of the act and applauds with increasing approval. Presto, now very angry, has had enough and chases Alec backstage, catching his foot in a rope that lifts him up to the fly space above the stage when he mistakenly releases the weights holding down some stage props. When his foot comes loose from the rope, he falls, along with a piano and some suspended scenery. Alec, realizing that Presto will be crushed, reluctantly uses the magic hat to save him, earning the audience's wild approval for both himself and Presto. Presto gives Alec the carrot , as well as second billing on the posters advertising the show , and they are rewarded for each show they do, roses for Presto and carrots for Alec."] ['In the year 2065, a future Earth is infested by Phantoms: alien life forms capable of killing humans by physical contact. The remaining humans living in "barrier cities" all over the world are engaged in an ongoing struggle to free the planet. After being infected by a Phantom during one of her experiments, Aki Ross  and her mentor, Dr. Sid , uncover a means of defeating the Phantoms by gathering eight spirit signatures that, when joined, can negate the Phantoms. Aki is searching for the sixth spirit in the ruins of New York City when she is cornered by Phantoms but is rescued by Gray Edwards  and his squad "Deep Eyes", consisting of Ryan Whittaker , Neil Fleming  and Jane Proudfoot . It is revealed that Gray was once romantically involved with Aki. Upon returning to her barrier city, Aki joins Sid and appears before the leadership council along with General Hein , who is determined to use the powerful Zeus space cannon to destroy the Phantoms. Aki delays the use of the Zeus cannon by revealing she has been infected, and the collected spirit signatures are keeping her infection stable. This revelation convinces Hein that she is being controlled by the Phantoms. Aki and the Deep Eyes squad succeed in finding the seventh spirit as Aki\'s infection begins to worsen and she slips into unconsciousness. Aki\'s dream reveals the Phantoms are the spirits of dead aliens brought to Earth on a fragment of their destroyed planet. Sid uses the seventh spirit to bring Aki\'s infection back under control, reviving her. To scare the council into giving him clearance to fire the Zeus cannon Hein lowers part of the barrier shield protecting the city. Though Hein intended that only a few Phantoms enter, his plan goes awry and legions of Phantoms invade the entire city. Aki, Sid and the Deep Eyes attempt to reach Aki\'s spaceship, their means of escape but Ryan, Neil and Jane are killed by Phantoms. Sid finds the eighth spirit at the crater site of the alien asteroid\'s impact on Earth. Hein escapes and boards the Zeus space-station where he finally receives authorization to fire the cannon. Sid lowers a shielded vehicle, with Aki and Gray, into the crater to locate the final spirit. Just before they can reach it, Hein fires the Zeus cannon into the crater not only destroying the eighth spirit but revealing the Phantom Gaia. Aki has a vision of the Phantom home planet, where she is able to receive the eighth spirit from the alien particles in herself. When Aki wakes, she and Gray combine it with the other seven. Hein continues to fire the Zeus cannon despite overheating warnings and unintentionally destroys the cannon and himself. Gray sacrifices himself as a medium needed to physically transmit the completed spirit into the alien Gaia. The Gaia is returned to normal as the Phantoms ascend into space, finally at peace. Aki is pulled from the crater holding Gray\'s body and looking into the newly liberated world.'] ['Mike is obsessed with his new six-wheel drive car, and insists on showing it off to his pal Sulley. Unfortunately for Mike, everything that can go wrong does go wrong. Sulley plays with the ultra-adjustable seats until an annoyed Mike asks him to stop. Mike starts the engine and the seatbelt reminder tone sounds. He finds his seatbelt stuck and accidentally locks himself out of the car while trying to unstick it. Sulley, trying to be helpful but confused by the massive amount of buttons on the dashboard, pops the hood open. When he closes it, he ends up trapping Mike in the engine compartment. Mike manages to escape, re-enters the car, and is exasperated by the continuous seatbelt reminder tone. Sulley reaches for another button on the dash, as when Mike managed to put his seat-belt on, he turned the windshield wipers on by accident. Mike shouts, "Don\'t touch anything!" and pushes a button that launches the entire car into chaotic malfunction, including conga music playing loudly on the car\'s stereo system. Mike finally ends the chaos by pulling the key out of the ignition, and Sulley adds insult to injury when, in an attempt to realign the rearview mirror, he breaks it off. Mike gets angry, orders Sulley out of the car, and speeds away, wrecking the car completely. Sulley mutters, "Huh, that\'s weird, the airbag didn\'t go off." Right on cue, the airbag inflates, and its force sends Mike flying back up the street. Sulley catches Mike, who mourns for his old car before agreeing to walk to work while the credits roll.'] ['At the end of Daemon Rising, Bob and Dot got engaged. To the confusion of everyone, however, a portal opens from the net and Ray Tracer and another Bob steps through. Inasmuch as the second Bob looks like the original from Seasons 1 and 2, Dot names the Bob which merged with his keytool Glitch Bob. Most of My Two Bobs is taken up with the efforts of Dot, the two Bobs themselves, and the other mainframers to ascertain who is the original and who is the copy and in general to come to terms with the situation. After some counseling from Phong and Mouse, Dot decides to marry the new Bob, whereupon Glitch Bob—the nominal original—earnestly attempts to return himself to his original form in order to resolve his existential situation. His efforts ultimately fail and leave him in a catatonic, "crystalline" state; he is covered in a starry substance that proves to be impenetrable. Dot continues with her wedding plans as Glitch Bob is treated at the Supercomputer. Glitch Bob\'s condition steadily worsens on her wedding day. The impenentrable starry substance covering him gradually dims completely, and the Guardians believe that they have lost him. This moment of crisis prompts all the keytools of other guardians  to separate from Glitch Bob, and they revive him before returning to the guardians. The Guardians discover that his code no longer matches what they have on file, suggesting that he is in fact the copy. Glitch Bob returns to Mainframe to stop the wedding, where he reveals that Megabyte has previously stolen part of his code. Glitch is able to return this code to Bob, which forces Megabyte to emerge—Megabyte had been disguised as Bob all along. After a spectacular battle in the church, investigation reveals that Megabyte is now a Trojan Horse virus, able to shapeshift and effectively disguise himself as anyone. Megabyte eludes capture by using various aliases and a doppelganger and ultimately infiltrates the war room by taking on the form of Frisket. After suborning various personnel, including Dot\'s father, and capturing Enzo, Megabyte gains "complete control" of the Principal Office. The movie ends with him proclaiming that he will now follow his predatory virus nature; he is not out to take over Mainframe again, but instead simply seeks revenge on the guardians. His last words, which are the final words of the series, are "Prepare yourselves for the hunt!" The film includes many parodies of pop culture tropes including, but not limited to, The Brady Bunch, Pokémon, Star Wars, Star Treks transporter, 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Village People, The Thing, and The Blues Brothers.'] ['{{Plot}} After a violent storm, Sagi, a wise red panda and Azul, a flamboyant peacock discover that a six-year-old girl has been shipwrecked on their island. They and a baby elephant named Tika, decide to help her. Over time, she learns to talk to animals, but fails to remember anything about her past before the shipwreck, including her name after Ro. Her only clues are a battered trunk with a broken nameplate  and a shredded flag with a white rose. Ten years later, a handsome prince named Antonio discovers Ro\'s island. She saves his life when crocodiles attack him and his friend Frazer. Grateful for her help, Antonio asks Ro if she would like to return with him to his kingdom, Apollonia. Hoping to discover her past, Ro agrees as long as her animal family can come. During the voyage back, Ro and Antonio begin to fall in love. When they return, Antonio introduces Ro to his parents, King Peter and Queen Danielle as well as Antonio\'s younger sisters; the triplets Rita, Gina and Sofia. While the little girls immediately love Ro and her animals, Danielle is unsure what to think about Ro while Peter doesn\'t approve of her at all. The king becomes even more disturbed by his son\'s obvious affection towards the "uncivilized island girl". Ro does, however, succeed in earning the friendship of Danielle’s pet monkey, Tallulah. Peter is determined to have his adventurous son settle down and marry. While away, he arranged for Antonio to wed Luciana, a princess from a neighboring kingdom. Like the prince, Luciana doesn\'t want to marry someone she doesn\'t love, but is forced to be a puppet in her mother’s schemes. Unknown to all, Queen Ariana  is plotting to kill Antonio\'s family at the wedding and overthrow their kingdom, although Luciana is not wanting to help her mother, as she is much too kind and also befriends Ro. Queen Ariana\'s motive is revenge for her parents, who were banished and reduced to pig farmers for the attempted murder of Antonio\'s parents years ago. The queen sees Ro as a threat to her plans and quickly plots to dispose of her. Over the next few days, Ro repeatedly tries to please Antonio\'s parents, but due to Ariana\'s interference, they all end in disaster, which further increases Peter\'s dislike of her. By now, Ro feels like she doesn\'t belong in Apollonia and thinks about returning to her island, but her love for Antonio and determination to find out about herself convinces her to stay. Trying to cheer her up, Ro’s animals and Tallulah help her dress for Antonio and Luciana\'s engagement party. Thanks to their efforts, Ro arrives in a stunning gown while her grace leaves all the guests impressed, including Peter. When Antonio confesses to Ro that he loves her, Ro reminds him of his pledge to Luciana. After a dance together, she leaves and spots a carriage outside the castle bearing the same design as the flag found back on the island. Ro discovers that the flag belongs to another neighboring kingdom called Paladia, but the duke and duchess  only had sons; no daughters. Fed up with his father\'s attempts to push him into marriage, Antonio writes a note for Ro, saying that he wants to run away with her instead of marrying Luciana. Tika witnesses this and decides to hide the note from Ro, fearing that Ro will leave her. As part of her plan to get rid of Ro, Ariana has her three pet rats put a deadly sleeping herb called “sunset herb” into the food of all the animals in the kingdom. The next day, animals all over the kingdom are unable to wake up, and Ro is blamed for the epidemic. Peter has Ro locked away in the dungeon, and during that time, the "Prisoner food" that Azul eats also contains the Sunset Herb, and he too falls into a deep sleep. When Antonio begs for her release, Peter makes his son a deal, if he marries Luciana, Ro will be freed. Ro is banished from Apollonia and placed on a boat that will take her back to her island. On the journey, Tika confesses how she hid Antonio\'s note, and Ro forgives her. The entire group are then thrown overboard, as Ariana had paid a man to sabotage the boat. When Ro almost drowns and Sagi attempts to call her to come near him, her memory is triggered of how she was lost at sea as a child, and of a man yelling her real name: "Rosella". Tika nearly succumbs to hypothermia and drowns, but Ro manages to call dolphins for help just in time, and they bring the group back to shore. As Antonio and Luciana\'s wedding starts, Ariana sneaks some of the sunset herb into the wedding cake. Ro arrives and quickly starts to make a rose tonic antidote for the poison. She almost completes her task when the king\'s guards discover her. Sagi escapes and takes the antidote to Tallulah, who has been poisoned as well. One of the guards chase after him, but Tika takes him down. The other guard is about to lead Ro back to the dungeons. Hearing about the commotion from Tika, who enters the wedding room just as it is about to start, Antonio, Luciana, Antonio\'s parents, Ariana and their guests hurry to the greenhouse, disrupting the wedding. Antonio is ecstatic to see Ro again, while Peter demands that she be thrown in prison for daring to return. She tries to explain the animals have really been poisoned and that she can cure them. The king is hesitant at first, but then a cured Tallulah appears with Sagi, showing that Ro is telling the truth. Ro then exposes Ariana\'s plot to everyone. Ariana denies it, but a shocked Luciana confirms Ro\'s story by saying that her mother had told her not to eat any wedding food. Exposed, Ariana tries to make a getaway in the wedding carriage, but after a long chase scene, is eventually stopped and captured by falling into the pigs\' pen. Peter apologizes to Ro and his son. He gives the couple his blessing and embraces Ro. She tells the royal family that her real name is Rosella. A guest behind them, Queen Marissa from Paladia, overhears Ro and comes forward. She tells them that she had a daughter named Rosella. Ro pauses and then starts to sing a lullaby she knew since she was little. Marissa joins in to complete the song, realizing that Ro is indeed her long-lost daughter and that Rosella is princess of Paladia. Antonio, his parents and Ro\'s animal friends  watch as the reunited mother and daughter embrace. Ro and Antonio are promptly married. Luciana also attends the wedding and meets a handsome young prince. The happy couple  wave goodbye to everyone as they set sail on a honeymoon voyage with Sagi, Azul, Tika and Tallulah in tow.'] [' In 1989, Kevin Flynn , software engineer and the CEO of ENCOM International, disappears. Twenty years later, his son, Sam , now ENCOM\'s primary shareholder, takes little interest in the company beyond playing an annual trick on the board of directors; but is requested by his father\'s friend, ENCOM executive Alan Bradley , to investigate a message originating from Flynn\'s shuttered Video arcade. There, Sam discovers a hidden basement in which Sam unintentionally teleports himself to the Grid, a virtual reality created by his father. On the Grid, Sam is sent to compete against a masked program called Rinzler who, having realized that Sam is a human User after seeing him bleed, takes him before CLU, an alter ego of Kevin Flynn who rules the Grid. CLU nearly kills Sam in a Light Cycle match; but the latter is rescued by Quorra , an "apprentice" of Flynn\'s, who conveys him to his father outside CLU\'s territory. There, Flynn reveals to Sam that he had been working to create a "perfect" computer system and had appointed CLU and Tron  its co-creators. During this construction, the trio discover a species of naturally-occurring "isomorphic algorithms" , not conceived by Flynn, bearing the potential to resolve various mysteries in science, religion, and medicine. CLU, having deemed them an aberration, betrayed Flynn, captured Tron, and destroyed the ISOs. Meanwhile, the "I/O portal" permitting travel between the two worlds had closed, leaving Flynn captive. Now in control of the system but stalemated, CLU arranged the message sent to Alan, in order to lure Sam onto the Grid, to open the portal for a limited time. Additionally, as Flynn\'s \'identity disc\' is the master key to the Grid and only way to go through the portal, CLU expects Sam to bring Flynn to the portal so that he may take Flynn\'s disc and go through the portal himself to impose his system on the human world. Against his father\'s wishes, Sam returns to CLU\'s territory to find Zuse , a program who can provide safe passage to the I/O portal. At the End of Line Club, its owner Castor reveals himself to be Zuse, then betrays Sam to CLU\'s guards. In the resulting fight, Flynn rescues his son, Quorra is injured, and Zuse gains possession of Flynn\'s disc. Zuse attempts to bargain with CLU for the disc, but CLU simply takes the disc and destroys the club. Flynn and Sam stow away aboard a "solar sailer" transport program, where Flynn restores Quorra and reveals her to be the last surviving ISO. Quorra relates to Sam her history with Flynn and expresses her desire to see a sunrise. Shortly thereafter, the transport stops inside a large warship where Flynn, Sam, and Quorra discover that the transport contains inactive programs, scheduled for rectification  to serve CLU and follow him to the real world. Aboard the warship, Quorra is captured and Flynn recognizes Rinzler  as Tron, reprogrammed by CLU, while CLU announces his intention to invade the material world. Sam then reclaims Flynn\'s disc and rescues Quorra, whereupon CLU, Rinzler and several guards pursue the protagonists in Light Jets. Upon making eye contact with Flynn, Rinzler remembers his past and collides with CLU\'s Light Jet; but CLU uses Tron\'s spare baton to escape while Tron falls into the Sea of Simulation, where the colored lights on his armor change from CLU\'s orange to Tron\'s original blue. CLU confronts the protagonists at the I/O portal, where Flynn reintegrates with his cybernetic duplicate, destroying them both. Quorra, having traded discs with Flynn, gives Flynn\'s disc to Sam and they escape to the real world. In Flynn\'s arcade, Sam backs up the system, and having deactivated it, asks a waiting Alan to take control of ENCOM, naming him chairman of the board. Quorra meets Sam outside, and they depart on his motorcycle. From the rear seat, Quorra witnesses her first sunrise.'] ['On the last day of the war between humans and Kaiju, a human woman named Margaret Rosenblatt  and a male dragon Kaiju named Belloc  fall in love, and have a son named Duncan. Sixteen years later, Margaret and Duncan  are moving into a new house as he gets ready for his first day at a new school. However, Duncan fears that his orange skin and appetite for coal will make others think of him as a freak and a prime target for bullies. At school, he quickly develops a crush on its popular girl Jenna  and makes an enemy out of her ex-boyfriend Troy Adams . In biology class, Duncan makes friends with fellow outcasts Kenny and Isabel  who happens to be a Kaiju-obsessed fangirl who develops a crush on Duncan after he shows her a Gomorradon, a small frog-like Kaiju he caught in the process of apparently making a fool of himself. Late that evening, Troy\'s friends break into Jenna\'s locker and steal the money she saved for the school\'s Homecoming. The next day, Duncan meets up with "Blitz" Barnes , undercover as the gym teacher, and defends Kenny from Troy and his friends in a game of dodge ball. After a confrontation with Troy, Blitz takes Duncan to Dr. Pytel  at the M.E.G.T.A.F. base upon the discovery of him being able to breath fire. Later back at school, Blitz smooths things over with Principal Dave  to keep Duncan out of trouble. While he and Troy are cleaning up their mess in the cafeteria, Isabel tells Duncan about a party that everybody will be going to, and he agrees to go in hopes of romantically seducing Jenna. At the party, Troy tries to tell Jenna about Duncan until Troy\'s dad  comes and takes him back home for being grounded. Duncan and Jenna begin to form a friendship but she abruptly leaves after he talks about Troy\'s dad. Isabel finds him and tells him about Jenna walking off because of the fact that her dad is dead. However things take a turn for the worse as Belloc arrives looking for Duncan. While hiding with Isabel, Duncan reveals to her that Belloc is his father. Belloc finds them and Duncan tells Isabel to run, but before she can escape, Belloc traps her underneath his tail. Duncan demands him to let her go and lures him away, freeing Isabel. Belloc chases Duncan but quickly captures him and takes him away to the Kaiju lair in the desert. Much to Duncan\'s dismay, he learns that Belloc wants him to become his successor as "King of the Kaiju" and rule over the giant dragon-like monsters, though the human world has made him soft when he needs to be remorseless. Then Belloc presents Duncan as his heir to the other Kaiju and throws him into a lava pit, Duncan emerges in his Kaiju form and faints. Waking in the desert, he finds his way to Kenny\'s trailer. Kenny tells Duncan that Isabel told him about Belloc being his father and asks why he was at the party. Duncan replies that Isabel invited him, causing Kenny to become jealous. Back home with his mother, she assures him that the move and deal with M.E.G.T.A.F. were to let him live a normal life and go to college. Back in school, Duncan is surprised that everyone except Troy now treats him like a celebrity. Isabel reveals that it is because she told them about him saving them from Belloc. Then Duncan sees Jenna head for the locker room and leaves. Meanwhile, Jenna opens her locker to find an envelope with a glowing crystal inside to sell and pay for Homecoming. Later, Isabel attempts to approach Duncan but loses her chance when he and Jenna meet up again. He asks Jenna to be his date for Homecoming, and she agrees. Afterwards, Blitz takes Duncan into the desert to locate the Kaiju lair but they fall under attack. Duncan fights the Kaiju while his father watches, as it is the first of many challenges for the Kaiju throne. Duncan almost kills the Kaiju but refuses to do so. Then Blitz appears with reinforcements and they open fire on Belloc, until he abruptly surrenders. That night, Duncan, Jenna, Kenny, Isabel, and Margeret go to the dance together. As Jenna and Duncan dance together, Isabel watches them despite Kenny\'s attempts to get her to dance with him. However after Troy and Jenna are elected Homecoming King and Queen and go on stage, Isabel dances with Duncan in a romantic embrace, causing Kenny to break them apart and unleash his jealous fury. In the process, Kenny yells at Duncan that Isabel only likes him because of Belloc being his father. Jenna overhears this and backs away from Duncan into Troy\'s arms, causing Duncan to storm out. As Isabel reprimands Kenny for what he did, two Kaiju named Abbadon and Astaroth appear. Just as Abbadon and Astaroth start wrecking havoc, putting all the dance participants in danger, Duncan comes to their aid. Changing to his Kaiju form, he leads them into the desert and ultimately defeats them with help from Belloc, Margaret, and Jenna.'] ["Kibosh, the King of Ghosts, decrees that Casper must scare someone before Christmas Day or he will be banished to The Dark for all eternity. To make sure this happens, he confiscates the Ghostly Trio's Scare licenses and flings them to Kriss, Massachusetts where they meet the Jollimore Family. When Casper's good behavior starts to act up, the Ghostly Trio call in Casper's look-a-like cousin Spooky and his girlfriend Poil to do the job."] ['A snowstorm leaves everyone in the House of Mouse stranded and "bah-humbug" Donald doesn\'t have any Christmas spirit. Mickey and all the other guests get hot chocolate and cookies to make Donald feel his Christmas spirit. The fun starts when Minnie gets the Christmas cartoons to watch. Their magical memories see to it that everyone has a holiday spirit, even Donald. At the end, everyone gets together and sings a musical number, "The Best Christmas of All". Among the Christmas cartoons included in this special are Mickey\'s Christmas Carol and a comic version of The Nutcracker narrated by John Cleese, and starring Mickey as the Nutcracker, Minnie Mouse as Clara, Donald Duck as the Mouse King, Ludwig von Drake as a Drosselmeyer-like character, and Goofy as the Sugar Plum Fairy.'] ['One day the Buz-e-Chini leaves and advises her kids Algag, Bulgag and Chulgag not open the door for anyone. After the Buz-e Chini leaves the cunning wolf comes to the kids and ask them to open the door. First they do not open the door but after sometime the wolf makes them open it. The wolf takes away two of the kids while the third one hides in the mud-oven. Buz-e-Chini sees that her kids are gone and hears the story from the kid who hid in the mud-oven. Then Buz-e-Chini challenges the wolf for a fight one on one and wins. The wolf returns her kids and she lives happily ever after in the valley of Bamyan beside the Buddhas.'] ["Gnomes and Trolls, an action-adventure comedic fairy tale, marks White Shark Film's first foray into computer animation. Junior, a teenage gnome, wants nothing more than to invent gizmos and gadgets in his tree-house laboratory. But Junior's old school father, Jalle, the head gnome of the forest, would prefer his son follow in his footsteps and one day be in charge of his own forest. In spite of their differences, on the eve of the first winter storm Junior helps Jalle distribute food rations to the soon-to-be-hibernating animals. Then disaster strikes. Perpetually bickering troll brothers Face and Slim execute their evil father Fassa's carefully plotted plan to steal the food from the gnome secret food chamber. After Jalle is accidentally injured, Junior and his best friend Sneaky, a paranoid neurotic crow, embark on a heroic journey to the depths of troll cave to retrieve the stolen food. Junior and Sneaky's adventure takes them across vast landscapes and into encounters with bizarre animals. Along the way, Junior learns that it is possible to merge his passion for inventing with his newfound impetus to defend the forest. As Sneaky taps into an innate bravery he never knew he had, Slim battles an identity crisis, and Junior's mother Svea shatters the preconceived notions of what it means to be a gnome wife."] ['By the 2060s, robotics technology has become extremely advanced, including cybernetics. World opinion begins to turn against robotics, leading to the U.N. declaring a unilateral ban on further research in 2067. Japan, being home to robotics pioneer Daiwa Heavy Industries, strongly protests this ban, but is unable to prevent its passage. In protest, Japan withdraws from international politics. All foreigners are deported, and further immigration is prohibited. In addition, the R.A.C.E. network is constructed&nbsp;— 270 off-shore installations that cover Japan with an energy field, nullifying all communication with the outside world and making satellite surveillance impossible. Trade and diplomacy continues, but Japan vanishes from the world scene. Ten years later, the United States Navy special warfare unit "SWORD" is trying to trap a Japanese informant for Daiwa in Colorado. The instigator, Saito, escapes by cutting off his own leg. Analysis shows the leg is made of bio-metal. SWORD suspects that Japan has concealed extensive development of banned technologies. They embark on an unapproved scheme to infiltrate Japan and to find out the frequency of the R.A.C.E. network, enabling SWORD to gather intelligence on the country. Although the agents successfully enter Japan, they are detected by security forces before they can transmit their data. Vexille is the sole SWORD agent to evade capture, and only her lover Leon survives to be taken to Daiwa\'s headquarters. Vexille awakens to find Tokyo is now a shanty town ruled by Daiwa. A small resistance movement opposes the company, and uses Vexille\'s transmitter to successfully transmit the distortion frequency. Maria, the head of the resistance, details the 10 years of secrecy while SWORD studies Japan in shocked horror — the islands are a lifeless wasteland. In 2067, an unknown disease struck Japan and was countered by an experimental vaccine. Actually, the disease was created by Daiwa and the "vaccine" was used as an excuse for Daiwa to begin testing experimental nanotechnology. Every Japanese citizen was converted into a form of synthetic life. But there were unforeseen side effects; the conversion was imperfect, resulting in the infected humans losing their free will and becoming just lifelike machines. Some of the nanotech went amok, creating the "Jags", giant whirling constructs of semisentient metal that prowl the wilderness. The Jags destroyed all of Japan, save Tokyo which is protected by an inedible wall of ceramic. The Resistance plans to draw the Jags along a service bridge to Daiwa\'s corporate headquarters, which now stands in the middle of Tokyo Bay. Vexille volunteers her assistance . However, though Vexille and Maria succeed in drawing the Jags to the end of the service bridge, the bridge has been detached from the headquarters, the Jags fall into the sea, and Vexille and Maria are captured. They are taken to Kisaragi, the master of Daiwa, who boasts that his research is nearly complete. And as he needs more test subjects, he is going to invade America. Vexille attacks him with a hidden knife, revealing that his blood is still human&nbsp;— he has not used the process himself. Saito, then strangles him. The town council forces the ceramic gates open, destroying Tokyo and enabling the Jags to enter Daiwa\'s headquarters. Kisaragi, having somehow survived, shoots Saito and escapes with his research. The underling then releases Vexille and Maria before succumbing to his wounds. Vexille pursues Kisaragi while Maria frees Leon, who shows concern for Vexille, angering Maria. Thus when Vexille prevents Kisaragi\'s escape in a helicopter, Maria grabs him and holds them together as a Jag devours them. Vexille and Leon are rescued by a SWORD helicopter just as Daiwa headquarters collapses into the bay, along with every Jag in Japan. As Vexille and Leon are flown from a now completely lifeless Japan, Vexille comments that humanity\'s spirit can never be taken away.'] ["The story opens with Barbie and kindergarten students walking in a big meadow, ready to plant trees. Emma, one of the children, finds a small tree and decides to plant it, but her friends laugh at her because of it, making her sad. However, Barbie cheers her up by telling her that a small tree can grow into a very big tree. Then Barbie tells the children about Thumbelina. Thumbelina is one of the Twillerbees. Twillerbees have the ability to make plants grow faster . Thumbelina is excited when there will be Twillerbabies. She creates fake wings for herself and for her two friends, Janessa and Chrysella. They will use the wings to see the Twillerbuds bloom to be Twillerbabies. When they try the wings, suddenly many tractors come to their field. Hiding in the flowers, the trio are trapped. They are brought into an apartment they never knew before. The apartment belongs to the parents of a spoiled, wealthy girl, named Makena. The flower bed is placed in Makena's bedroom. As Thumbelina, Chrysella, and Janessa search for a way to go back to their field, Makena's dog Poofles run after them. Makena comes into the bedroom while the trio hides. Makena talks to her friend Violet from a cellular phone about her parents who will build a factory on the Twillerbees field. An upset Thumbelina scolds Makena, who is surprised, yet happy to find an interesting thing to be demonstrated to Violet. She always competes against Violet. The three Twillerbees try to escape from Makena and Poofles. Finally, Thumbelina sends Chrysella and Janessa home. They will disturb the work in the field while Thumbelina will talk to Makena. Thumbelina makes Makena promise not to tell anyone about her and Makena must persuade her parents to stop building the factory. Thumbelina will make special things for Makena in return. At first, Makena does not talk seriously to her parents about it. She even wants to break her promise to Thumbelina when she invites Violet and Ashlynn. She wants them to see the thing everyone in the universe cannot have which is Thumbelina. Thumbelina becomes angry at Makena and leaves the apartment, just before Makena realizes that Violet and Ashlyn are not her true friends, Thumbelina is her true friend. Makena goes to the field and asks for Thumbelina's forgiveness. She also wants to save the field desperately and earnestly. Thumbelina, forgiving her, shows Makena the other Twillerbees and the Twillerbuds. That night, Makena, Thumbelina, Janessa, Chrysella, Poofles, and Lola the bird works hard in the green house to grow the plants. The next day, Makena asks her parents to stop the building, and Thumbelina shows herself. Thumbelina explains to them about the Twillerbuds that will bloom soon. Evan and Vanessa, Makena's parents, are convinced and try to stop Myron, the contractor, from destroying the field. With the help of birds and other Twillerbees, Myron's workers run away, thinking that the field is haunted, But Myron is angry and determined to finish his work as he hates flowers. Ultimately, Makena and Thumbelina arrive and they stop Myron. Immediately, Evan and Vanessa arrive at the field to have the factory project shut down. A team of birds chase Myron away, and Makena and her family see the Twillerbuds bloom. To prevent others from building factories in the field, they turn the field into a Reserved Park. In the end of the story, it shows that Barbie and the children are in Makena's Reserved Park. Barbie says that even the smallest person can make a big difference. Makena is small, compared to the adults. And so are the children. The strange thing in the story is that Thumbelina, Janessa, and Chrysella who are in the story, suddenly appear, sitting in the tree. Barbie waves her hand at them. The trio then use their Twillerbee magic to make Emma's tree grow, meaning the story was true after all."] ['Story takes place in 2024 and follows the story of a 14-year-old girl named Sora Yuki who was convinced by her friends to play the popular game called "The World". However, due to "a certain incident" in The World, anomalies start occurring in the real world.'] ['The plot is set in 2074 in Belgrade. The main character is Edit Stefanović, a female psychology student who, after failing the same university exam for the sixth time, decides to visit a dealer on the black market who installs a stolen military chip in her body that will record everything she sees to help pass the exam. Edit also has a job at a scientific and social research company, in taking care of Abel Mustafov, an autistic math genius who discovered a formula that connects all forces in the world, but no computer was able to calculate it fully without becoming self aware and shutting down immediately after that. After Edit sees the formula graph, the chip calculates the formula, able to "survive" thanks to its connection to Edit, develops a parallel personality and affords her abilities greater than she ever imagined. Alas, this is quickly overshadowed by the discovery that the chip is rapidly taking over her mind and body. She must race against time to save her humanity while simultaneously thwarting the nefarious parties desperate to retrieve the technology inside her.'] ["12 year-old Travis Barclay and his little sister Whitney are sent begrudgingly on a summer trip to visit their grandparents’ farm in Delbert County. A greedy land developer, Norm Blandsford, has been buying up the little country town, running the hard working residents off their land. After Travis has a run-in with one of Blandsford's men, he is chased into the forest where he stumbles upon a magic portal to the hidden world where Paul Bunyan lives. Paul has been in self-imposed exile for 100 years, ever since the advent of machines made his role in society obsolete and left him feeling of little value to the new world. Paul, reluctantly, escorts Travis back to the farm. But upon returning,Paul witnesses Blandsford’s sinister plan. Suddenly filled by a long-forgotten sense of purpose, Bunyan and Babe, the blue ox, get wrapped up in a brand new adventure and together with the help of their new friends, Travis and Whitney, they save the town. They learn firsthand that you don't have to be big to accomplish big things."] [' Andy, now nearly 18 years old,{{cite web}} is leaving for college, and his toys feel like they have been abandoned as they have not been played with for years. Andy decides to take Woody with him to college and puts Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys in a trash bag for storage in the attic. However, the toys are accidentally thrown out when Andy\'s mom finds the bag and puts it out on the curb, causing the toys to think that they are no longer wanted. They escape and decide to climb in a donation box for Sunnyside Daycare. Woody, the only toy who saw what actually happened, follows the other toys and tries to explain that they were thrown out by mistake, but they refuse to believe him. Andy\'s toys are welcomed by the many toys at Sunnyside and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O\'-Huggin\' Bear , Big Baby and Ken, whom Barbie falls for. All of the toys love their new home, leaving a steadfast Woody alone in an attempt to return to Andy. Woody\'s escape attempt falls short and he is found outside by Bonnie, an imaginative little girl. She takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys, who are well-treated, happy, and readily welcome Woody. At the daycare, Andy\'s toys get beaten up by the rambunctious youngest toddlers. Buzz goes to ask Lotso to transport him and the other toys to a better room, only to be caught by Lotso\'s henchmen and restored back to his original space ranger persona. At the same time, Andy\'s toys realize that Woody was right about Andy when Mrs. Potato Head sees Andy searching for them through her missing eye, which was left behind in Andy\'s room. Before they could leave, they are imprisoned by Lotso and his gang, including a reset Buzz. Back at Bonnie\'s, Woody learns from one of the toys, named Chuckles the Clown, that Lotso was once a good toy and had an owner named Daisy who also owned Chuckles the Clown and Big Baby. One day, Daisy left them behind on a picnic. The three eventually find their way back to Daisy\'s house, only to find that she replaced Lotso with an identical teddy bear. When he found Sunnyside, he and Big Baby took it over and ran it like a prison. The following morning, Woody returns to Sunnyside through Bonnie\'s backpack. He sneakily reaches his friends and tells them he is sorry for leaving them. They quickly formulate an escape plan. That night, Woody and Slinky sneak through Sunnyside to the main office, where Chatter informed them that a cymbal-banging monkey monitors the CCTV system to prevent toys escaping. A brief fight ensues, ending with the Monkey wrapped in sticky tape and locked in a filing cabinet by Slinky. Slinky signals to the other toys while Mr. Potato head provides a diversion, they make their escape. In the process, Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish mode, in which he becomes very flamboyantly chivalrous and his memory is wiped; despite this, Buzz allies himself with Woody\'s friends, and immediately falls in love with Jessie. The toys reach a dumpster, but are caught by Lotso and his gang. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody reveals what he heard about Lotso, and Big Baby throws Lotso into the dumpster. Seeking revenge, Lotso pulls Woody in the dumpster just as the truck collects the trash. Woody\'s friends jump into the back of the truck, trying to rescue him and a falling television hits Buzz when he tries to save Jessie, returning him to his normal self. The toys find themselves at the dump and are pushed onto a conveyor belt leading to a garbage shredder. Woody and Buzz save Lotso just in time as he is about to be shredded and Woody and the other toys end up on another conveyor belt, leading to an incinerator. The toys help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, but he leaves them to their deaths. Thinking that this is the end, the toys join hands and accept their fate but are rescued by the Aliens using a giant claw. Lotso makes his way outside, but a passing truck driver finds him and, recognizing he had the toy as a kid, straps him to the radiator grill of his truck. Meanwhile, Woody and his friends board another trash truck driven by an older Sid Phillips back to Andy\'s house. In Andy\'s room, Woody climbs back into the box with Andy\'s college supplies while the other toys ready themselves for the attic. Remembering his time with Bonnie and her toys, Woody has an idea and leaves a note for Andy on the toys\' box. Andy, thinking the note is from his mother, takes them to Bonnie\'s house and introduces her to his old toy and Bonnie recognizes Woody, who, to Andy\'s surprise, is lying at the bottom of the box. Andy is initially reluctant to give him up but eventually does so and spends some time playing with her. After Andy leaves, Woody introduces the gang to Bonnie\'s toys as the camera pans up to the sky. During the credits, Woody and the other toys learn through notes passed in Bonnie\'s backpack that Barbie, Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives of the toys  at Sunnyside. Buzz uncontrollably dances with Jessie to a Spanish version of "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me."'] ["In Barbie: Fairytopia, the wingless flower fairy Elina defeated Laverna, the evil sister of the Enchantress, and the Enchantress gave Elina wings as a reward. This film's plot begins shortly afterward with Elina flying through the air, still having trouble believing that she has wings. Soon, Elina learns from a young sea-butterfly fairy that her friend Nalu, the merman prince, has been kidnapped by several of Laverna’s Fungi at the Crystal Cove. The banished Laverna is seeking out the Immunity Berry, a berry that causes whoever eats it to be immune to all magic. Since Nalu knows how to find the berry, Laverna had sent her Fungi to force Nalu to lead them to the Immunity Berry. Fungus Maximus, the leader of the Fungi, threatens to pour a bottle of magical poison into the ocean to destroy Mermaidia if Nalu does not lead them to the berry. Nalu reluctantly agrees, and the Fungi take him away with them underwater. Elina arrives at the Crystal Cove a short time after this, accompanied by her companion Bibble. She finds no trace of Nalu, but encounters a mermaid named Nori. Nori had planned to meet Nalu at the cove and is unaware of the reason for his absence. When Elina tells her of the kidnapping, Nori insists on going to rescue the prince herself. Elina uses magical seaweed to breathe underwater and follows. Meanwhile, Nalu has delayed the Fungi in their quest by leading them to a place in the ocean called the Carousel of Confusion, where people forget what they’re doing. This allows him to direct them in circles for a long time before Fungus Maximus finally catches on.  Elina soon reaches Mermaidia and finds Nori attempting to learn the location of the oracle Delphine so that she can ask her where to find Nalu. The only people who know Delphine's location are the merfairies, who are nearly impossible to speak with. After Elina helps Nori converse with the merfairies, they learn where Delphine is and both of them go to seek the oracle out. Delphine tells them that they will have to travel to the bottom of the Depths of Despair to find the Mirror of the Mist, which will lead them to Nalu. She also tells them that Elina will have to trade her wings for a tail to be able to swim strong enough to reach the mirror. Delphine gives Elina a magical pearl necklace that will allow her to make this trade. However, if Elina does not get out of the water in a certain amount of time, she will remain a mermaid forever. Elina and Nori head to the Depths of Despair together, where Nori is soon entrapped by one of the hostile sea plants growing on the shaft’s walls. Elina cannot swim fast enough to rescue Nori, so she is forced to use the necklace to become a mermaid. She then frees Nori and they reach the Mirror of the Mist at the cavern in the bottom of the Depths of Despair. The mirror shows them an image of Nalu, and creates a magical bubble beacon for them to follow. They also find, what is called the crest of courage, has appeared on their arm from enduring the Depths of Despair. The bubble takes them to the entrance of a cave filled with boiling hot thermal vents. Nori carefully leads them through, and they find that beyond the vents lies a cavern filled with magical fruits, including one that reveals the eater’s true self. When Nori and Elina reach the surface, they see Nalu being guarded by two Fungi. While Bibble distracts them, the two mermaids free the prince. Nalu is grateful to be rescued, but tells them that the Fungi leader has reached the cave where the Immunity Berry grows. The three battle with the Fungi to retrieve the berry that Fungus Maximus has picked. They succeed by secretly swapping the berry with a similar-looking substitute, but Elina does not make it out of the water in time, and is forever trapped in mermaid form. But upon Nori's suggestion, Elina then decides to risk eating one of the true-self berries herself in the hopes of restoring herself to fairy form. She succeeds, gaining wings even more spectacular than she'd had before. Nori and Nalu reveal their love for each other and Elina returns to Fairytopia. Meanwhile, Laverna takes a bite from what she believes to be the Immunity Berry but it turns out to be the true-self berry and she turns into a toad."] ["The film begins with an alien ship crash landing on a desert planet. The alien survivors, known as Vecarians, are quickly killed by the planet's predatory native inhabitants, the Selenites. The ship's core, Vecanoi, survives, and from it sprouts Axis, a massive tree reaching up into space. 600 years later, a race of human-like tree-dwellers have evolved living in the branches of Axis. One of them, a young girl named Kaena , is an adventurous daydreamer who longs to explore the world beyond the confines of her village. Kaena's inquisitiveness is opposed as heresy by the village elder, who commands his people to stay productive and toil for the villager's gods . Led by prophetic dreams of a world with a blue sun and plentiful water, Kaena eventually defies the elder and climbs to the top of Axis. There, she encounters the ancient alien Opaz , the last survivor of the Vecarian race that crash landed on the planet centuries ago. Opaz has used his technology to evolve a race of intelligent worms to serve him and help him escape the planet. Upon learning of Kaena's dreams, Opaz enlists her help in retrieving Vecanoi, which contains the collective memory of his people. However, Vecanoi rests at the base of Axis, where the Selenites dwell. The Queen of the Selenites  blames Vecanoi for the destruction of their planet, and has spent most of her life  attempting to destroy it."] ['The film is set in an empty park during autumn. The title character, Geri (voiced by [[Bob Peterson , is an elderly man who plays a game of chess against himself, "becoming" each of the players in turn by moving to the other side of the chessboard, where he changes his personality and either puts on or takes off his glasses to show this change. As the game progresses, it seems as though there are two people playing; at one point, the hands of both "opponents" are in frame. Black Geri  soon gains the upper hand over White Geri , capturing every piece except his king and putting him in check. However, White Geri outsmarts Black Geri by faking a heart attack to distract him and turning the board around. While Black Geri is still distracted, White Geri checkmates what is now his opponent\'s king. Finding that now he is the one with only his king left and discovering what has happened, Black Geri resigns the game and hands over a set of false teeth as the prize. White Geri puts them in, then chuckles and grins, and the camera pulls back to reveal him alone at the chessboard.'] ['Sinbad discovers a mysterious island ruled by King Akron and his daughter, Princess Serena. Threatened by the powerful wizard Baraka, Serena asks for his help in creating a spell that"will conquer Baraka once and for all.'] ["A tiny purple dragon named John John, who was originally raised by an affectionate family of close-knit condors, who was always assumed that he was just a bit different looking from his feathered siblings. Eventually, the time comes for John John to strike out on his own and seek the answers to his many questions as he embarks on on a adventure to discover his true identity, of his real origin. Of course, the world is a rather large place fur such a little dragon, but he's not alone. He has the help of some new friends John John makes, as he can finally discover the secret to making the world a better place to live, for every living creature."] ["As a result of Casper being too friendly when playing with a boy named Jimmy, Kibosh: The King of the Underworld has Casper enrolled into a Scare School headed by the two-headed headmaster Alder and Dash. He befriends Ra, a mummy with unraveling issues and Mantha, a zombie girl who keeps falling apart. When Casper discovers the two-headed headmaster's plot to use a petrification potion to turn Kibosh into stone and take over the Underworld and Deedstown, he and his new friends must stop him."] ['Stuart and his family  are going camping. When they get there, Stuart meets a skunk named Reeko who is forced to give food to "The Beast". Stuart and George join the "Lake Scouts" which Stuart has trouble in. But Reeko makes a deal with The Beast, resulting in Snowbell getting captured by him and Stuart goes off on an adventure to save him. Eventually, Stuart and his friends trick the Beast into falling into a trap covered with sticks and leaves. The Beast is taken away to a Zoo and Reeko tells Stuart that he  was wrong to betray him. Stuart bids farewell to his friends as he, George, Eleanor, Frederick, Snowbell and Monty head back home.'] ['Caldera is about a young girl who goes off her medication and leaves a bleak metropolis to immerse herself in a vibrant oceanic cove. Ultimately, the story is about the young girl’s impossible predicament, where she can not live in either the fantastical and haunting world of psychosis or in the marginalizing society that mandates her medication.'] ["The planet Atenéia, located in the constellation of Cassiopeia, is attacked by space invaders who begin to drain its vital energy. A distress signal is sent into outer space by the local astronomer, Liza, and received by four heroes who travel across the galaxy to the rescue. The four heroes  venture through the galaxy facing many dangers as they try to rescue the planet of Atenéia. Each has a specific function in their spaceship: Chop is the captain and pilot, Feel and Thot monitor space, and Chip is the gunman, working also as comic relief. Liza is an astronomer in Atenéia's main lab, working on all of the scientific details of the planet's life. On the way to defeat the evil forces of Shadowseat, the foursome meet Leonardo, a scientist from an undeveloped planet who creates crazy gadgets."] [" During a benefit concert in Paris, France, David Seville ([[Jason Lee  is injured. Dave must recuperate and is forced to leave his aunt to look after the Chipmunks. Arrangements are also made for them to go to school. After another accident, the Chipmunks are left in the care of Toby , the grandson of Dave's aunt. Meanwhile, Ian Hawke  lives in the basement of JETT Records. Three singing female chipmunks, Brittany , Jeanette , and Eleanor , also known as the Chipettes, emerge and Ian hires them as plot to get back at the Chipmunks and revive his career. While at school, the Chipmunks are bullied by jocks and visit the principal's office. They discover that the principal is a huge fan and wants them to help raise money for the music program by participating in a contest. Meanwhile, Ian is shocked to find the Chipmunks on the front page of his newspaper. After he reads a story about him, he quickly sends the Chipettes to school. When the Chipmunks meet the Chipettes, they fall for their counterparts, but are soon forced to have a rivalry after discovering that they are with Ian. Meanwhile Dave finds out Toby is watching the boys, and he quickly leaves the hospital. At the concert, the Chipettes sing and Alvin fails to show for the Chipmunks - who then forfeit. When Alvin finally shows, he finds the auditorium empty and is ignored by his brothers at home. Soon, the Chipettes are hired. The concert is on the same night as the school contest, so Ian decides to blow off the battle and make the Chipettes perform at the new concert, opening for Britney Spears. Alvin finds out that Ian has locked the Chipettes in a cage, so Alvin races off to rescue them while Simon tells Jeanette how to open the cage over the phone. The Chipettes manage to escape with Alvin, and they arrive just in time to perform at the contest. The Chipmunks and the Chipettes perform together and they win. Dave returns during the contest. Meanwhile, Ian gets into more trouble at the concert he set up for the girls when he attempts to imitate them. After the contest, Dave allows the Chipettes to stay with them. In two post-credits scenes, the principal has the jocks scrape gum off from under the bleachers in the gymnasium, while Ian is thrown into a dumpster."] ["The only characters are two Anglepoise desk lamps, one large and one small, inspired by a Luxo brand task-light on John Lasseter's desk . Luxo Jr.  and a bigger lamp are playing with a small inflated rubber ball, chasing it and trying to balance on it, as Luxo  reacts to these antics. The ball eventually deflates due to Luxo Jr. jumping on it; Luxo Jr. is admonished by Luxo, who then finds Luxo Jr. playing with an even larger ball, as Luxo just wonders.Lasseter, J.  cited in Mealing, S. . The Art and Science of Computer Animation. Intellect Books. ISBN 978-1-871516-71-5."] ['Humphrey  and Kate  are two wolves from the same pack in Canada’s Jasper National Park but on opposite ends of the social order. Kate, daughter of the main Alpha male Winston  and his mate Eve , is herself an Alpha and takes her duty to the pack seriously. Humphrey, on the other hand, is an Omega wolf, the lowest of the pack, and spends his days making fun with his other Omega friends. Despite his low rank in the pack, Humphrey falls in love with Kate and is valued in the pack as a peacemaker by virtue of his affable nature. During her youth, Kate left to begin Alpha school with her father. She returns as a fully trained Alpha but on her first hunt , two members of the Eastern pack cross into Western pack territory due to the lack of caribou in their own land. The hunt is ruined and the packs are nearly at war with each other. The two packs have had a bitter rivalry ever since Tony , the Alpha male of the Eastern pack, commanded his wolves to cross over into Western territory  in order to hunt, to prevent their pack from starving. Winston and Tony meet up one night and arrange for Lilly to marry Garth , Tony\'s son. Kate, having a sense of responsibility and duty, wearily agrees for the good of the pack and she meets Garth at the Howling Rock. Garth is also an Alpha and appears perfect at first in every way, until Kate hears his howl. Kate, taken back by Garth\'s terrible howl, leaves the scene to "get water". Humphrey then notices Kate and surprises her. The two then talk about Garth, when suddenly, they get tranquilized by some men in the butts and taken away to Idaho. The two wolves wake up at Sawtooth National Recreation Area and meet a French-Canadian goose named Marcel ([[Larry Miller  who has an avid interest in golf and his caddy, a duck named Paddy . Humphrey and Kate learn that they were relocated to repopulate the species. Kate is horrified by the idea, but Humphrey is more interested. Marcel and Paddy agree to help the wolves return home to Jasper. Trouble brews back at Jasper as the two packs discover that Kate has gone missing. Tony warns Winston that on the next full moon if Kate doesn’t return to marry Garth, he and his pack will declare war for their territory. Lilly , an Omega wolf who is Kate’s younger sister, has a crush on Garth and suggests that she shows him around. After a failed attempt to get home , Kate finds a ravine and attempts to cross it. She slips down the cliff, but Humphrey saves her life. After that the two find a den for the night. The next morning, Marcel and Paddy find the wolves and direct them to a train over a snowy mountain that will take them to Jasper. Climbing the mountain, Humphrey meets a bear cub who is unfamiliar with wolves. When they are playing, the cub gets hurt when a snowball is thrown at him. This angers a trio of bears  who think that Humphrey was trying to harm the cub. When Kate realizes that Humphrey is in danger, she rushes in to help him, causing them to slide down the other side of the mountain. Humphrey saves Kate, and, as the train passes by, the two wolves manage to get into a boxcar just in time. Meanwhile Lilly and Garth are bonding. At the midnight howl, Lilli is not deterred by Garth\'s less than perfect howl and teaches him to howl with his heart. At the same time, Humphrey and Kate begin to howl together as well on the train. Both couples sing in perfect unison. By this time, the full moon has come and the packs declare war against one another. Shortly after, as the train passes by Jasper, Humphrey attempts to tell Kate how he feels about her, but the sight of the packs fighting causes her to jump off the train before he can finish. Kate stops the fight by announcing that she will marry Garth for the good of the packs, much to Humphrey and Lilly\'s dismay. The next day, a heartbroken Humphrey decides to leave Jasper and travel on his own and shares his goodbyes with Kate, Marcel,Paddy, Lilly. Yet Kate feels heartbroken too after realizing how she feels about Humphrey. During the ceremony Kate decides not to marry Garth, declaring her love for Humphrey. Garth declares his own love for Lilly. Winston is confused while Tony is enraged that his son is in love with an Omega, which goes against pack customs. His pack starts to fight the other pack out of anger, but the conflict is cut short when a massive stampede of caribou interrupts the scene. Winston and Tony get caught in the stampede and Kate and Humphrey  rush in to save them. Kate is hit and Humphrey shields her with her body, and Winston and Tony growl at the passing caribou in order to protect Humphrey from getting hit. After the stampede passes, it appears that Kate has been trampled to death. Upon her seemingly apparent death, the wolves of both packs begin to howl in mourning sadness, but she wakes up to the joy and relief of the packs. Now, at long last, Humphrey and Kate reveal their feelings for each other. Winston and Tony then decide to unite the packs and retire. When they wonder what to do, Marcel says, "Gentleman, may I interest you to golf?" and shoots a golf ball at the screen. Later at the Moonlight Howl, all the wolves celebrate the marriages of Kate and Humphrey and Garth and Lilly. The film ends with Humphrey and Kate singing a duet.'] ["The film begins with a saber-toothed squirrel  who is trying to find somewhere to store his prized acorn. Eventually, as he tries to stomp it into the ground, he causes a large crack in the ground that extends for miles and miles and sets off a large avalanche. He barely escapes, but finds himself stepped on by a herd of prehistoric animals. The animals are trying to avoid the ice age by migrating south. Sid, a clumsy Megalonyx sloth left behind by his family, is attacked by two Brontops whom he angered. Sid is soon saved by Manfred , an agitated mammoth who fights them off. Not wanting to be alone and unprotected, Sid follows Manny. Meanwhile, Soto, the leader of a Smilodon pride wants revenge on a group of humans by eating the chief's baby son, Roshan, alive. Soto leads a raid on the human camp, during which Roshan's mother is separated from the rest and jumps down a waterfall when cornered by Soto's lieutenant, Diego. For his failure, Diego is sent to find and retrieve the baby. Sid and Manny spot Roshan and his mother near the lake, having survived her plunge. The mother only has enough strength to trust her baby to Manny before she disappears. After much persuasion by Sid, they decide to return Roshan  but when they reach the human settlement, they find it deserted. They meet up with Diego, who convinces the pair to let him help by tracking the humans. The four travel on, with Diego secretly leading them to his pack for an ambush. While having small adventures on their way, they reach a cave where Sid and Diego learn about Manny's past and his previous interactions with the humans, in which his wife and son were killed, leaving Manny a cynical loner. At one time the group passes a flying saucer frozen in the ice, while Sid comes upon a display showing the evolution of sloths. At the end of the film, Diego, Manny and Sid battle Soto's pack and a short fight ensues. As Soto closes in for the kill on Manny, Diego leaps and stops Soto, who wounds Diego in the process. Manny, in vengeance, knocks Soto into a rock wall, causing several sharp icicles to fall on Soto, killing him. Manny and Sid manage to return the baby to his tribe, and Diego rejoins them, as the group begins to head off to warmer climates.  There is also a subplot where Scrat the squirrel makes many comical attempts to bury his beloved acorn. His misfortunes include getting chased by an enormous glacier, being struck by lightning, attempting to thaw out the acorn by using a fire, but roasting it too long, causing it to turn into a large popcorn kernel, and finally getting frozen an icecub along with his much sought after nut. In the epilogue, 20,000 years later , Scrat is frozen in an ice cube that washes up on the shore of a tropical island. The sun slowly melts the cube, bringing Scrat back to life but the acorn, which is just out of his reach, ends up being washed away by the tide. Scrat then explodes out of the ice cube in anger and hits his head repetitively on a tree, which drops a coconut. Believing it to be a giant acorn, Scrat's anger immediately turns to glee at this new find. He tries to pack it into the ground as he did previously with his other acorns, but in the process causes a large crack in the ground that makes its way up the side of a volcano and causes it to erupt, mirroring the opening scene when Scrat causes a break in the ice with an acorn."] ['Milo  is a nine-year-old boy who constantly rebels against his homemaking mother  and workaholic father , who himself is leaving for a business trip. Summer is just beginning, and while Milo wants his summer to be fun, his mother assigns him chores. When Milo\'s mother catches him breaking her "no broccoli, no TV" rule, she grounds and sends him to bed early. After a heated disagreement with her, Milo wishes that he never had a mother. Later that night, his wish comes true when his mom is kidnapped by Martians who plan to steal her "momness" to rear their own young. The Martians, led by their villainous supervisor  have been observing Earth mothers, passing up those who are too indulgent or unable to control their children. They select Milo\'s mother, based on her ability to command Milo to take out the trash. To rescue his mom, Milo stows away on a spaceship. Upon arrival on Mars, Milo is locked up in a jail cell, but manages to escape down a garbage chute where he meets a tech-savvy subterranean-dwelling earthling named Gribble . Gribble helps him devise a plan to save Milo\'s mom and get her back to Earth before Earth\'s night is up. Unfortunately, the plan goes awry at a Martian checkpoint, when Milo is exposed and the troops raid Gribble\'s hideout, but Milo is able to escape. While hiding from the guards, Milo meets an optimistic Martian girl named Ki  who is fascinated of Earth because of all its colors as opposed to the more stern and sleeker Mars. Milo makes it back to Gribble\'s hideout, and discovers Gribble has been kidnapped by the Supervisor and the Martians. After rescuing him, they take refuge under the tribes formed by Martians who are friendlier and free-spirited. Gribble confesses to Milo on how he wound up on Mars: twenty five years ago, the Martians selected Gribble\'s mother as a fine example to program their nannybots. Like Milo, Gribble stowed away, but failed to rescue his mother in time and was stranded on Mars. After Ki manages to locate Milo and Gribble in an untouched part of the Martian underground world, they come across an ancient cave painting that showed Martian families were like Earth families in the past. After evading the guards and capturing a spaceship, Milo manages to wake up his mother, and save her before the download destroys her. They tried to escape, but Supervisor halts them, and is about to kill Milo and his mother. Fortunately, Gribble saves them both and then, he gets into a fight with Supervisor, who fires a shot that causes Milo to trip and break his space helmet. As Milo begins to choke in the unbreathable Martian atmosphere, Milo\'s mother gives him her space helmet. Although Milo\'s life is saved, the life of his mother has now been put at stake. Before the eyes of the Martians, Gribble  manages to find the space helmet he\'d attempted to save his mom with and gives it to Milo\'s mother, showing the Martians the one thing they\'d overlooked about Earth moms: love for their children. Milo soon realizes that he was wrong to be rude to his mother and apologizes to her. The Supervisor attacks the Earthlings again and is about to recapture them, but Ki reveals the photo of the ancient cave painting and the Supervisor\'s deception to the soldiers, causing them to turn against the Supervisor. With the Supervisor in prison, Ki and Gribble return Milo and his mother to Earth, just before Milo\'s dad returns home. Having nowhere else to go and having exposed his feelings for Ki, Gribble decides to stay on Mars and returns there. Milo then takes out the trash before his mother asks him to, but secretly disintegrates it with a Martian weapon, similar to a human pistol in size and shape. Under the new leadership of Gribble and Ki, the male and female Martians work together in raising their young, while the Supervisor is stuck with nanny duty. Gribble manages to contact Milo and let him know how he is by using the Spirit rover as a communication station.'] [" A drop of sunlight falls to the ground and grows into a magical flower with healing powers. A woman named Gothel uses it to keep herself young by singing to it. Centuries later, a queen becomes ill while pregnant, and the king orders a search for the legendary flower. His knights find the flower and cut it to bring to the king. The queen is healed after being fed the flower, and gives birth to a daughter, Rapunzel, whose golden hair has absorbed the abilities of the flower. The flower no longer has magical powers since it has been cut, so Gothel tries to steal a lock of Rapunzel's hair. However once cut, the hair turns brown and loses its power. So, she kidnaps Rapunzel to raise as her own child in a high tower, telling her it is for her own safety. Every year, on Rapunzel's birthday, her parents and their subjects release thousands of sky lanterns, in the hope that the lost princess will return. For her 18th birthday, Rapunzel asks Gothel for permission to go outside the tower to see the source of the annual floating lights, but Gothel refuses. Meanwhile, Flynn Rider and the Stabbington brothers steal the tiara of the lost princess. During the ensuing chase, Maximus, horse of the Captain of the Guards, is separated from his rider but continues on his own. Flynn outwits his accomplices, takes the tiara, and stumbles upon Rapunzel's tower. He climbs up into the tower, but is knocked unconscious with a frying pan by Rapunzel who puts him in a wardrobe. When Gothel returns, Rapunzel tries to show her the captive Flynn to prove she is capable of handling the outside world, but Gothel cuts her off by saying she is never leaving the tower. So Rapunzel instead asks Gothel for a special paint, the ingredients for which require three days' of round-trip travel. Gothel leaves, and Rapunzel tells Flynn that she will give him the tiara back if he takes her to see the lights. Flynn agrees. While en route, he takes her to the Snuggly Duckling Inn, which is full of Gaul thugs, in hopes of scaring her into giving up her quest. The thugs, however, are charmed by Rapunzel, who encourages them to follow their dreams. Mother Gothel returns early to the tower to find Rapunzel gone but finds the tiara. She then teams up with the Stabbington brothers so she can get Rapunzel back and the brothers can get revenge on Flynn. Meanwhile, the guards invade the tavern, and chase Rapunzel and Flynn to a dam which collapses. Flynn and Rapunzel become trapped in a flooding cave. Believing he is about to die, Flynn admits his true name: Eugene Fitzherbert. Rapunzel admits her hair glows when she sings, then realizes they can use her hairlight to find a way out. Rapunzel later uses her hair to heal Flynn's injured hand. Flynn tells Rapunzel that he was an orphan who dreamed of being like the storybook hero that inspired his alias, but Rapunzel tells him she likes Eugene better than Flynn. When Flynn goes to gather firewood, Gothel meets Rapunzel insisting that Flynn does not care for her and gives Rapunzel the tiara, suggesting that she test Flynn by giving it to him. The next morning, Maximus confronts Flynn but Rapunzel befriends the horse and convinces him to help them instead. Arriving at the kingdom, Flynn takes Rapunzel to see the lanterns. There, Rapunzel gives Flynn back the tiara. Flynn spies his old accomplices and leaves Rapunzel to give them the tiara, realizing that he cares more for Rapunzel. However, the brothers tie him up on a boat and sail him across the lake. They claim Flynn betrayed Rapunzel as they attempt to kidnap her for her hair's power, but Gothel rescues her and takes her back to the tower. Later, reflecting on what she had seen during her adventure in the kingdom, Rapunzel realizes she is the lost princess and attempts to flee the tower. Meanwhile, Flynn is arrested and sentenced to death, but he is rescued by Maximus and the Gaul thugs from the inn. Flynn races and climbs up back to the tower where Gothel stabs him from behind and prepares to take a struggling Rapunzel to a new hiding place. Rapunzel tells Gothel that she will stop resisting if she can heal Flynn. Gothel agrees, but before Rapunzel can heal him, Flynn cuts her hair which subsequently turns brown and loses its power causing Gothel to age rapidly, fall out of the tower, and turn into dust. With his last breath, Flynn declares his love for Rapunzel who cries, and the healing power of her tear revives him. Returning to the kingdom, Rapunzel is reunited with the King and Queen. Flynn then closes the film, telling the audience that he readopted his original name, and he and Rapunzel eventually get engaged and married."] ["A piñata (voiced by [[Mark Mitchell  suspended from a rope on a tree, awakens as if coming to life for the first time. It hears the noise of children and wants to join them, but can't . Soon though, a girl , with only her sombrero showing, wielding a large  stick approaches and begins swinging unsuccessfully at the piñata. Shortly, another child shows up with a stick that can reach it and the piñata, to its surprise, gets hit across the face. To its horror, more children  show up and attack it. This happens a few more times, until the piñata climbs up its rope out of their reach using its teeth. The children are dismayed, until an adult, represented by a larger sombrero, comes in with a stick large enough to reach the piñata. The adult winds up for the hit and begins shaking. The piñata also begins shaking. Just before the adult strikes, the piñata, in a great state of fear and panic, is struck by a vicious bout of diarrhea, which, for a piñata, is in the form of its contents, that is, candy. The children rejoice and the piñata is relieved, since it is now left alone. But to its surprise, as the film finishes, it is attacked once more by the original little girl, who has acquired the large stick used by the adult."] ['In the tranquil town of Timberline, 900-pound  grizzly bear Boog enjoys a captive, but happy existence and spends his day as the star attraction of the town\'s nature show with nights living the life of luxury in the garage of park ranger Beth, who raised him since he was a cub. One day, the hunting fanatic Shaw drives into town with the one-antlered mule deer Elliot strapped to the hood of his truck. Boog wakes and frees Elliot at the last minute and against his better judgment, before Shaw can go after him. Boog never expects to see his "buddy" again. Elliot follows Boog home and finds him sleeping in the garage and starts to throw rabbits at the window. He tells him to be "free" from his garage captivity. Elliot introduces Boog to a world of sweet temptations outside of the garage that he has unknown. When Boog becomes intoxicated with sugar, events quickly spiral out of control as the two ransack the town\'s grocery store. Elliot escapes before Boog is caught by a friend of Beth, police officer Gordy. At the nature show, Elliot who is being chased by Shaw, meets Boog who attacks him, causing the whole audience in the show to panic before Boog threatens to kill Elliot. Shaw prepares to shoot Boog but Gordy stops him and Beth shoots him and Elliot with a tranquilizer gun. Shaw flees before Gordy can arrest him for shooting a gun in the town. The two trouble-makers are released into the Timberline National Forest, only three days before open season starts. However, they are set over the falls, where they will be safe. Since he lacks any outdoor skills, Boog takes Elliot as his hapless guide to get him back home to Timberline to reunite with Beth. But in the woods, they quickly learn that it is every animal for itself. The two run into their share of the forest animals including skunks Maria and Rosie, ducks Serge and Deni, panic-stricken rabbits, the Scottish-accented squirrel, McSquizzy and his rogue gang, Reilly and his beaver construction worker team, a porcupine named Buddy who is in search of a friend and the herd of deers led by Ian and Giselle  With each adverse encounter, Boog learns a little about self-reliance and Elliot gains self-respect and they start to become friends. Day by day Elliot still attempts to lead Boog out of the forest, but it becomes evident that he has no clue where they are going. After winding up at Reilly\'s dam, Boog and Elliot are confronted by Shaw, they ended up in a waterfall with the flood washes everyone in the forest before the water recedes. At first everyone blames Boog who accuses Elliot of lying to him about leading him home. Elliot admits he thought that if Boog spent time with him, he would befriend him. Boog leaves to unwittingly find Shaw\'s log cabin. Shaw discovers him and pursues him to the city road where Boog happens upon the glowing lights of Timberline. Instead of deserting his companions, Boog helps the other animals defend themselves using supplies taken from Bob and Bobbie\'s  RV while their pet dachshund Mr. Weenie joins the wilds. The next day, Boog leads a rampage against the hunters, sending them running after McSquizzy blows up their trucks. Shaw returns for a final battle and shoots Elliot which enrages Boog to tie up Shaw with his own gun. Boog finds that Elliot survived the shot, only losing his second antler in the fight. Beth returns to take Boog back home where he will be safe, but instead he stays with his friends. They both realize that the bear is at home in the forest.'] ['The film begins off with a Star Wars styled title crawl. After the credits, the film cuts to the USS Consolationprize being attacked by a spacecraft resembling a Star Destroyer. We are then introduced to the ship\'s crew, Captain Kwirk and Mr. Spuck. A menacing figure named Dark Vapor then appears telling them that they are to be captured as part of the Rebellious Alliance. Upon realizing that the rest of the crew won\'t appear due to budget cuts, they escape in a shuttlecraft, and land on Earth, in the year 2001. They climb over a ridge to find a monolith, which belongs to a cigar-smoking Star Child. He says his monolith is broken and the universe is falling apart because of it. He states it\'s up to Kwirk and Spuck to repair it. They are also told that the dark smell of the force wants to steal the monolith for its power. But both sides can summon any warrior from any universe  to help their side of the fight. Later that night, the two arrive in Plastic City, and meet their first opponent, the Schwartzenator. In response, they summon RoboFuzz to combat him. Neither side is victorious. After that, Dark Vapor summons The Carnivore. Spuck responds by summoning N.T. the Non-Terrestrial. N.T. is the victor. Dark Vapor then summons Uglien, although he is easily distracted by an ice cream cone, which Spuck seemingly pulls out of his behind. Right as Spuck and Kwirk believe that they are victorious, the monolith is stolen by Darth Vapor\'s henchman, Mini-Maul , flying his Bow-Tie Fighter. Kwirk and Spuck secretly follow him onto Dark Vapor\'s starship, where a fight ensues. Meanwhile, Kwirk\'s mechanic, Mr. Squatty realizes the monolith\'s battery died and it just needed a jump start. The monolith is then repaired, and Captain Kwirk dispatches Mini-Maul by knocking him down into a pit of what appears to be liquid feces. Meanwhile, Mr. Spuck dispatches the rest of Vapor\'s henchmen in an asteroid field with a 12-gauge shotgun. Kwirk is reunited on the Consolationprize with Spuck, and he makes the discovery that the enemies\' designation is pure gas. They dispatch Dark Vapor by launching a missile into his ship. With evil now vanquished, Captain Kwirk wonders why RoboFuzz and N.T. have not been returned to their respective universes. The Star Child then appears on their screen, and informs them that they have yet to battle the true evil, and to defeat it they must unite with their enemies. Kwirk, Spuck, Vapor, and Mini-Maul are then transported to a desert wasteland, where they meet Jar Jar Sucks. For a reason they can\'t explain, they all suddenly feel pure hatred toward him, and attack. They tie him up with his own tongue, and throw him over a cliff. The Star Child then informs them that their duties are done, and they are sent back to their respective universes, "until the sequel".'] ['We Are the Strange focuses on "two diametrically opposed outcasts" as they "fight for survival in a sinister fantasy world." These two outcasts are an abused woman named Blue who has a mysterious degenerative disease and a living doll named eMMM. The two meet in the Forest of Still Life, where Blue follows eMMM to Stopmo City on a search for his ideal ice cream parlor. Upon arriving in Stopmo City, they are caught in the middle of a fierce battle between bizarre monsters, making their progress difficult. Thankfully, a hero named Rain appears and easily destroys every monster that faces him. Blue meets Rain before he partakes in an "impossible battle against the source of all that is evil in Stopmo City." During the battle, Rain, along with Ori are crushed by Him after Rain states he wants to avenge his son. When the outlook seems grim, a fist made of aluminum foil breaks through the ground and starts the final showdown between good and evil. Six alternate soundtracks and author\'s commentary, including soundtrack by Noise Inc. are available on the DVD. The music used in We Are the Strange Trailer has been made by chiptune artist YERZMYEY/AY-RIDERS  using ZX Spectrum computer.'] ['Little Red Riding Hood discovers that the Big Bad Wolf has disguised himself as Granny, just as the ax-wielding woodsman bursts through the window, startling everyone. The police quickly arrive, and Red, Wolf, Granny, and the Woodsman are questioned by detective Nicky Flippers about the events leading up the incident. Red explains that she was delivering goodies for her grandmother when she discovered a threat from the mysterious Goodie Bandit. Hoping to save her Granny’s recipes, she embarked upon a journey to take them to the top of a nearby mountain where her Granny lives. On her way, she encountered the Wolf, who asked her a series of suspicious questions. She managed to escape, and eventually reached her Granny’s house; however she found the Wolf already waiting in ambush. What at first seems to be an open-and-shut case becomes confused though, once it is learned that the Wolf is an investigative reporter. He reveals that he was searching for a lead on the identity of the Goodie Bandit, and had reason to believe that Granny and Red were the culprits. Locating Red, he questioned her, hoping to get to the bottom of the mystery. When Red escaped, he headed for her Granny’s house and arriving first, went undercover, hoping to trick her into giving him the evidence he needed. When questioned, the Woodsman reveals that he is in fact an aspiring actor who was only trying out for the part of a woodsman in a commercial. After his schnitzel truck was robbed by the Goodie Bandit, he went out into the woods to get in character for his role, and spent the rest of the day felling trees. An especially large tree rolled after him, and pushed him through the window of Granny’s home. The investigation then turns to Granny, who reveals that, unbeknownst to her family, she is an extreme sports enthusiast. During a ski race earlier that day, she was attacked by the opposing team, but got away safely after learning that they were hired by the Goodie Bandit. Despondent over her Granny’s lack of honesty, Red wanders off alone. Meanwhile, Nicky Flippers realizes that the one commonality between all four stories was a bunny named Boingo, and concludes that he is the Goodie Bandit. However, Boingo has already snuck into the home and stolen Granny’s recipes. Red sees Boingo and follows him to his hideout at a cable car station, but the police pursue him in the wrong direction. Granny, the Wolf, and the Woodsman manage to locate Boingo as he is explaining his evil scheme to Red. Boingo plans to add an addictive substance to the stolen recipes, and then explode the forest, making way for new real estate for expanding his business. The Wolf and the Woodsman go undercover to distract Boingo as Granny sneaks into his lair, but open conflict ensues. Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red down the mountain in a cable car loaded with explosives, and Granny goes after her, with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit. Red manages to free herself, and escapes with Granny, while the police, who have been located by the Wolf’s assistant Twitchy, are waiting at the bottom of the mountain to arrest Boingo and his henchmen. Some time later, the Woodsman finds success as part of a yodeling troupe, and Red, Granny, the Wolf, and Twitchy are enlisted by Nicky Flippers to join a crime solving organization called Happily Ever After Agency.'] ['Barry B. Benson  is "just an ordinary bee" in a hive in Sheep Meadow, Central Park in New York City. Barry recently graduated from college and is about to enter the hive\'s Honex Industries  honey-making workforce. With his best friend Adam Flayman , Barry is initially very excited, but his latent, non-conformist attitude emerges upon finding out that his choice of job will never change once picked. This prompts Barry to leave the hive and see the world on a daily run with the macho, elite "Pollen Jocks", though Adam tries to talk Barry out of it. He thoroughly enjoys his new freedom, and is impressed by the process of nectar collection and pollination, but after being stuck to a tennis ball during a game and flying through a panicking family\'s car he decides humans are crazy and that he should go home. Unfortunately, it begins to rain and he crash lands on a windowsill. The apartment\'s occupants have just come home and they close the window before Barry can escape. After freaking out the people inside and nearly being squashed, he is rescued by a florist named Vanessa Bloome  and gently put back outside. This unexpected act of kindness intrigues Barry, who goes back in to thank the woman even though doing so violates Bee Law #1, "Don\'t talk to humans". Despite both of their expectations they develop an instant bond, bordering on attraction, and start hanging out together frequently. Of course all of their friends and family are completely upset by this relationship. While they are going through a grocery store, Barry is shocked to discover that the humans have been stealing and eating the bees\' honey for centuries and decides to journey to Honey Farms, which supplies the grocery store with its honey. On the Honey Farms truck, he meets a mosquito named Mooseblood . A windshield wiper flings the two in a tube and Barry tells Mooseblood about Honey Farms while Mooseblood tells him about how humans have always swatted mosquitoes. Mooseblood departs when he sees a Blood Mobile pass by, while Barry goes on to witness the artificial process by which the honey is gathered. He ultimately realizes that his true calling in life is to set the world right by suing the human race for stealing their precious honey. This is later shown on Hive at Five\'s especially on Bee Larry King starring a bee version of Larry King . The trial initially goes well, until the main defense lawyer, Layton Montgomery,  goads Adam into stinging him by accusing Barry of several things which are insulting to the bees  to show the less-lovable side of bees. Barry counters by producing the smoke-machine used by Honey Farms to drug and subdue their bees. Barry wins the lawsuit, and all honey in the world is confiscated and returned to the bees. However, Montgomery warns them they are disrupting nature\'s balance meaning that the bees quit their jobs, which Adam comments to Vanessa that it might be true since bees had been living their previous lives over 27 million years. Too late, Barry and Vanessa realize that they were right: The sudden, massive stockpile of honey has put every bee out of a job, including the vitally important Pollen Jocks. Without bees pollinating the flowers, all plant life begins dying with the entire food chain close behind. To set things right, he and Vanessa find a way to save all the flowers by going to the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California and bringing back with them all the pollen-filled flowers to re-pollinate the world. Barry and Vanessa fly the flowers as luggage on a flight from Los Angeles International Airport to John F. Kennedy International Airport. The flight begins to take a detour due to lightning, and the delay would be fatal to the flowers. Trying to intervene, Barry accidentally knocks out the terrified pilots. Vanessa joins him and tries unsuccessfully to fly the plane. In the meantime, millions of bees have rallied and arrive at the last minute to help them safely land. Armed with the pollen of the last flowers, Barry and the Pollen Jocks manage to reverse the damage and save the world\'s flowers, restarting the bees\' beloved honey production. Nothing is mentioned about the fate of companies like Honey Farms, though humans and bees are seen treating each other visibly better, and honey is supposed to be \'Bee approved\'. Barry becomes a member of the Pollen Jocks while Adam is working as a krelman, helping to pollinate the plants while running a law firm inside Vanessa\'s flower shop, as well as helping Vanessa, switching the name from "Vanessa\'s Flowers" to "Vanessa & Barry: Flowers * Honey * Legal Advice." As the film closes, his office door reads "Insects at Law." Mooseblood works in his office with him as a lawyer , which is shown when Barry is interviewing a cow about the human exploitation of her milk.'] ["Dracula  is the owner and creator of Hotel Transylvania, a five-star resort where the world's monsters can be safe from human civilization. Dracula invites some of the most famous monsters like Frankenstein's Monster ([[Kevin James  and his wife Eunice , Murray the Mummy , Wayne and Wanda Werewolf , Griffin the Invisible Man , Bigfoot, Steve the Blob, and other monsters to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter Mavis . However, Mavis prefers to explore the outside world with her father's permission, but the village he directs her to is actually an elaborate deception to convince her of the threat of humans enough to coax her back. However, this charade inadvertently attracts the attention of an ordinary young traveler named Jonathan  who was exploring the surrounding forest and followed the staff to the hotel. Once Jonathan enters the hotel, Dracula frantically attempts to hide him from the patrons such as disguising him as a Flesh Golem named Johnny-stein with the later hasty cover story of being a relative of one of Frank's body parts. Eventually, Jonathan is discovered by Mavis and company, forcing Dracula to claim he is going to arrange Mavis' birthday party with a young perspective. In doing so, Jonathan manages to charm everyone at the hotel, especially Mavis. Eventually, even Dracula begins to like the human taking him into his confidence about his family's traumatic past after the vampire notices the young man knows something about them in a respectful manner. Unfortunately, Chef Quasimodo Wilson  realizes Jonathan is human and captures him to cook him, forcing Dracula to directly intervene by magically paralyzing the chef. Eventually, the birthday party happens and it is a raucous success until Dracula freaks out when Mavis and Jonathan have an innocent kiss. A ranting Dracula accidentally lets it slip that he tricked Mavis at the fake village and Mavis is outraged at being manipulated by her own father. Things get worse when Chef Quasimodo breaks out of the spell and interrupts the party and reveals Jonathan's true nature. Even as the clientele are revolted, Mavis still accepts and expresses her desire to be with Jonathan even though he is human. For his part, Jonathan feels obliged to reject Mavis for her father's sake and leaves the hotel. Afterward, Dracula realizes that in his efforts to protect Mavis, he has broken her heart and now she tearfully wants to stay at the hotel forever. Wishing to undo his mistake, Dracula persuades his friends to help him find Jonathan and even risks his destruction by venturing out in the daylight to do so. Learning that Jonathan is about to board a flight out of Transylvania Airport shortly, they race on and enter a town en route. At that town, Dracula and company are stunned to see the humans having a 'Monster Festival'. To clear a path, Frankenstein tries to scare them, but finds the humans are cheerfully welcoming them instead and even provide a shaded route through the town for Dracula to proceed at maximum speed. However, Dracula finds that he is too late with Jonathan's plane taking off. With no alternative, Dracula desperately flies after it in broad daylight despite being hurt by the sun. With much effort, Dracula manages to reach the plane and resorts to mind-controlling one of the pilots  to apologize and tell Jonathan that he wants him to return to be with his daughter. Jonathan accepts Dracula's apology and Dracula manipulates the plane back to the airport. Later, Dracula returns Jonathan to Mavis, who tells her that she's his 'zing' and the reason why he had to reject her. Dracula gives his blessing to their relationship, Jonathan and Mavis kiss and the hotel has another party to celebrate his daughter's liberating coming of age before Jonathan and Mavis set off on their travels. The film ends with Dracula and his friends being shown in traditional animation  during the credits."] ["Mala  and Senn  are young alien creatures who live on Terra, a planet from a solar system in the Milky Way. Terra is a peaceful planet of small alien creatures who have a rich semi-advanced culture. One day a Large Mysterious object blocks the Terrian sun, piquing the Terrians' interest. However, since the Terrian culture bans the development of new technologies, such as telescopes, without the approval of the ruling council, none of the inhabitants are able to get a closer look at the huge object in their sky. Mala, who is inventive and headstrong, goes against the rules of her community and creates a telescope, which she takes out into the dark empty area outside the Terrian city and uses to view the object and witnesses smaller objects coming from the large object that turn out to be incoming scout spaceships. She returns to the city to find that the scout spaceships have already started abducting Terrians . After Mala's own father, Roven  is abducted she goads a ship into tailing her and lures it into a trap, which causes it to crash. Afterward, she saves the life of the pilot, revealed to be a human, an officer named Lieutenant Jim Stanton . After his personal robot assistant warns Mala that Stanton will die without a supply of oxygen,  she creates an oxygen generator and fills a tent with air so that he can breathe. The Robot informs Mala that the mysterious object is a generation ship called The Ark, containing humans from Earth. Centuries beforehand, both Mars and Venus were terraformed by humans and colonized. But 200 years later, the two planets demanded independence from Earth, which the Earth government refused to grant them due to the high demand of resources from the two colonies. The dispute between the three planets escalated into a violent interplanetary war that left all three planets uninhabitable. The Ark, containing the remnants of the human race, traveled for several generations looking for a new home. When Stanton awakes the robot informs Stanton and Mala that a crucial part of the ship was damaged in the crash, Mala offers to make a replacement part herself. When Stanton, Mala, and the robot return to the crash site, they discover that the ship has been moved. The trio track the ship to a huge underground military facility which was built by a previous, warlike generation of the Terrians. The trio realizes that despite the current peaceful nature of the Terrian city, the elders have secretly retained the military technology from the dark days of war. After infiltrating the facility, fixing the ship and flying back to the Ark, Jim orders Mala to stay and goes to be debriefed. Mala ventures off and finds Roven, but before she can rescue him, the human guards are alerted to her presence. While trying to save Mala, Roven kills himself and two men after breaching the hull, and she is captured, but Stanton helps her to escape back to Terra. The commander of the military wing of the Ark, General Hemmer ([[Brian Cox , takes power over the civilian leaders in a coup, and declares war on Terra, citing the deteriorating condition of the Ark. His goal is to annihilate the Terrians so that the humans can turn Terra into the new Earth. He plans to drop a huge machine onto the planet's surface—called the Terraformer—which will create an Earthlike atmosphere. Stanton is sent to be in the first group of spacefighters designated to defend the Terraformer, while General Hemmer will go down to the planet's surface in the Terraformer to personally supervise the terraforming process. After the humans drop the Terraformer machine onto the surface, it begins to replace the native gases with oxygen and nitrogen, which will asphixiate the aliens. The alien elders bring out all of the secretly-hidden military technologies from their secret base, and huge waves of alien glider-fighters attack the Terraformer machine. The human spacefighter ships begin a huge and bloody battle against the relatively low-tech alien glider-fighters, and the sky is filled with laser cannon fire and explosions. Finally, as the Terraformer is close to the completion of its goal of turning the Terrian atmosphere into an Earth atmosphere, Lieutenant Stanton realizes that annihilating all of the inhabitants is morally wrong. He turns his ship towards the Terraformer machine, and, with his laser cannons blazing, attacks it. As his ship is raked with anti-aircraft defensive fire, Stanton fires his air-to-air missiles at the Terraformer's command module, destroying it, General Hemmer and himself in a ball of flame. An epilogue shows what happens in Terra some time later. The Terrians and the humans have decided to live in peace. With the Terraformer machine destroyed, the Terrian atmosphere becomes safe once again for the aliens. The aliens create a huge domed city for the human colonists to live in, with an Earth-like atmosphere. In the human domed city, a large statue of Lieutenant Stanton is erected, in honor of his memory and sacrifice."] ["{{plot}} The movie begins with Barbie and Teresa writing a song together on their guitars when Barbie's sister Stacie storms in, angry at her friend Courtney. Barbie decides to tell Stacie the story of two friends named Liana and Alexa, who also get angry at each other. Although the two girls do not have much, they have each other, a love of music and depend on planting flowers to upkeep their living. They live in a hut beside a beautiful garden. One day, they find a pair of heart-shaped stones in the river near their house, not realizing they are actually trinkets of the mythical Diamond Castle. And they turn them into necklaces to symbolize their friendship. The next day, after sharing the last of their food with an old woman, she gives them a mirror, although none of them are aware that it is the hiding place of Melody, an apprentice muse on the run from Lydia, a previous muse who turned evil and changed the other two muses to stone, but not before they hid their home, the Diamond Castle, and left the key with Melody. As the Diamond Castle is the birthplace of all music, Lydia's finding it would mean the end of music, and with it, eventually the world. Liana and Alexa coax a song out of Melody by singing, and Lydia's minion, a dragon known as Slyder, is able to locate the young muse by her voice. With their home destroyed by Slyder, Alexa and Liana head off with Melody to find the Diamond Castle and keep it safe from Lydia, finding two small puppies on their way. But with no food or money, they eagerly take the place of two musicians at an inn that evening. The musicians, twin boys named Ian and Jeremy, hear the girls play and sing, and instantly fall for them, but the girls leave them behind at the inn. No sooner are they out of the town than Lydia confronts them, using her magic flute to cast a mind spell on them, but the stones on their necklaces  protect them. Unable to use her magic against them, Lydia sics Slyder on them, and he nearly gets them, but the twins from the inn arrive on horseback, and the four of them give Slyder the slip. The girls travel with the twins, who wind up running into a troll that they had managed to trick the last time they met. The troll vows to eat the boys this time unless the girls answer his riddle. They do, which not only frees the boys, but reveals a rainbow bridge that carries the girls off, leaving the boys behind. Liana and Alexa continue to travel, but soon run out of food and water. But not for long, as Liana spots a mansion in the middle of a wood, and when they go in to ask for shelter, the servants there  tell them that they are the long-awaited mistresses of the house. With all the food and clothes they could ever want, Alexa longs to stay, but Liana wants to honor the promise they made to Melody, and the two girls fight. In the end, Liana leaves and Alexa stays, ripping off her necklace in anger at her friend's apparent betrayal. Almost as soon as Liana is gone, Slyder arrives and takes Alexa to Lydia. After determining that Melody is not with Alexa, Lydia uses her flute powers to get Liana's location, and because Alexa is no more wearing the heart-shaped stone, she also falls under Lydia's spell. Thus, Alexa tells Lydia that Liana and Melody are heading to the seven stones . After Liana got kidnapped, Lydia uses a mind-controlled Alexa to threaten Melody into telling her where to find the Diamond Castle. Although Lydia promises to release Liana and Alexa once the Diamond Castle is hers, Slyder knocks the two girls over a cliff, and they very narrowly escape falling into some kind of strong acid. Liana uses Alexa's necklace to undo Lydia's spell, and they manage to climb up the cliff. One of the puppies leads the twins to where the girls are, and together they all head to the hiding place of the Diamond Castle. Meanwhile, Melody kept Lydia busy with a fake story about the key to the castle, and by the time Lydia catches on, the girls and twins have a plan of their own set in place. The twins lure Slyder away and keep him busy while the girls pretend to fall under Lydia's mind-control spell. Lydia creates a whirlpool in a nearby pond and commands the girls to jump in and drown, but Liana pulls away Lydia's flute instead. Lydia counters by threatening to break the mirror Melody is in, but Melody breaks it herself, aware that it would be worse to let the Diamond Castle fall into Lydia's hands and an angry Lydia throws the mirror in the whirlpool. With the help of the dogs Alexa saves Melody and Liana drops Lydia's flute in the whirlpool, and Lydia goes after it, but gets caught in the flow. She tries to cast a spell to make the whirlpool disappear, but her waterlogged flute backfires and she disappears instead. The girls realize that the song Melody sang earlier is the key, and their singing reveals the Diamond Castle. Stepping inside the castle changes everyone's clothes into beautiful and more grand dresses and suits, and releases Melody from the mirror. Melody leads Liana and Alexa to the other muses' instruments, but Lydia, not entirely gone for good, returns on Slyder and attacks. Melody saves the instruments from being turned to stone, and the girls play and sing, creating a barrier that turns Lydia's spells against her, turning both her and Slyder into stone and bringing peace to the Diamond Castle at last. With Lydia gone for good this time, the other muses are returned to life and the castle. They bestow the title of Princesses of Music to Liana and Alexa, promote Melody to a full muse, and give Jeremy and Ian rocking electric guitars. Although Melody would love for Liana and Alexa to stay at the castle forever, the girls just want to go back home, so the muses give them special flower seeds and send them on their way. Back home, Liana and Alexa plant the magical flower seeds and beautiful flowers soon grow. Jeremy and Ian are successful in their performances with their electric guitars. The puppies, named Sparkles  and Lily , follow by the girls' sides. When the story ends, Stacie realizes nothing can break true friendship. She goes to apologize to Courtney. Meanwhile, a song from Barbie and Teresa ends the movie."] ['Scrat, the saber-toothed squirrel (a fictional animal from the [[Ice Age , while trying to find a place to hide his acorn, finds a buried time machine next to the ice-encased skeletal body of a human time traveler that looks like Einstein. He accidentally activates the machine, sending the acorn away. Scrat gets mad and tries to beat up the time machine and it sends him to the Middle Ages. Finding the acorn wedged under a rock, Scrat sees the Sword in the Stone and decides to use it as a lever to move the rock. He pulls out the sword but then finds himself under attack by a group of unseen archers, and uses the sword to block the arrows fired by the archers. He frees the acorn and takes it and the time machine and races off to find cover, only to hide in the barrel of a cannon. The cannon fires him into the path of hundreds of incoming arrows. The time machine teleports the acorn mid-flight and Scrat just barely manages to activate the machine again for himself. He materializes in an arena in Ancient Rome. Scrat reaches for his acorn, but is dragged off when his tail is caught on a passing chariot. Scrat manages to free himself just as a fanfare sounds. He thinks it is victory music and introduces himself to the crowd like a triumphant gladiator, proudly holding up his acorn. Then he hears the growl of a lion coming from the tunnel behind him. He activates the time machine again, and lands on a field of ice. He is overjoyed, thinking he is home, but he soon learns he\'s really in 1912 when he sees the RMS Titanic heading straight towards him. The time machine is activated after impact, and Scrat finds himself in the first Ice Age movie, where he encounters himself and fights himself for his acorn. (Manny, Sid, [[Diego  The acorn is teleported again, much to the distress of both Scrats. The time traveling Scrat is then sent to many dangerous situations where he would have been killed if he had not activated the time machine in time; under a launching rocket, in a dark jewellery store, in a girl\'s locker room , in the French Revolution , during Benjamin Franklin\'s kite flying experiment, in front of a wrecking ball, in front of the Hiroshima, on the tracks of a steam locomotive and in front of Michelangelo\'s David . Frustrated, Scrat punches the machine, which sends him into a strange realm of floating timepieces. Scrat spots his acorn and grabs it, just before being drawn into a wormhole along with his acorn and the time machine. The wormhole lands Scrat in front of an enormous oak tree. Overjoyed at the sight of so many acorns, he tosses away his own acorn, which lands on and activates the time machine. Before it can fire again, Scrat smashes the time machine. Scrat attempts to remove the nuts from the tree, but soon discovers that it is only a sculpture, with a plaque on it reading "Here Stood the Last Oak Tree." Scrat realizes he\'s in the far future, where oak trees  are extinct. He realizes that the acorn he brought with him is the only real one around. He makes a dash for it, but the time machine manages to fire one last time, transporting the acorn right out of his paws right before the time machine collapsed into pieces. Stranded in the acorn-less future, Scrat lets out a scream of frustration, ending the film. Then the lost acorn ends up floating behind the credits of the film.'] ['In the opening scene, Scrat, the saber-toothed squirrel climbs a glacier to bury his acorn, but accidentally opens a hole in it, causing water to spurt out. The world of ice is slowly melting. The creatures of the Ice Age are all shown enjoying themselves on slides and pools made by the melting ice; among them the three protagonists of the first film: Manny, Sid, and Diego. Sid opens a small day camp, where none of the younger creatures take him seriously, nor do Manny and Diego, which leaves Sid seeking a daring deed. Fast Tony, a local con artist is claiming that the earth will flood and that the bark and reeds which he sells are needed to stay alive. Manny dismisses the idea, but is distracted when he sees that Sid will try to high dive from a giant waterfall; as Manny goes with Diego to the top of the waterfall to save Sid from his act of daredevilry, they see that the pleasant weather has caused the ice shelves to melt, and it is kept from destroying the valley only by the glaciers, which have formed a dam. A lone vulture warns the animals that a giant tree can act as a boat and save them if they make it to the end of the valley within three days time, and all soon set out to find it. As the animals begin their journey, Sid sings three songs to tease Manny about Mammoths being "extinct". During the evacuation, a glacier which contains two sea reptiles from the Mesozoic era, Cretaceous and Maelstrom, breaks off. When Manny briefly is separated from them, Diego and Sid encounter two mischievous opossums named Crash and Eddie who drive them nuts by playing whack-a-mole with them. Manny is teased about being the last mammoth alive, but is surprised when he encounters Ellie, a female mammoth who believes she is an opossum and Crash and Eddie\'s sister. Sid invites her to tag along with the group to escape the flood, and she brings her brothers. After a perilous ordeal with Cretaceous and Maelstrom while crossing a pond, Sid finds out that Diego is afraid of water, prompting him to encourage Diego to admit and face his fears - Diego insists that "fear is for prey", so Sid points out that Diego is behaving as if he is the water\'s prey. They discover an area which Ellie recalls as the place where she was adopted. She finally realizes she is a mammoth but distances herself from Manny when he suggests "saving their species". Ellie and Manny ultimately make up when they must co-operate to save the group when the ground cracks under their feet. Sid is kidnapped by a tribe of mini-sloths who believe Sid to be a god. Sid lights a fire for them, and believes that he has finally found respect, but they plan to sacrifice him by tossing him into a volcano. Sid narrowly escapes. The next morning, Sid tells the others his experience but none are convinced. They find a field of hot geysers, which separate Manny, Sid, and Diego from Ellie and her brothers when they argue about which way to go through it. When the flood comes, Manny saves Ellie from drowning as she is caught in a cave , while Diego overcomes his fear of water to save Sid. Cretaceous and Maelstrom arrive, but due to Manny\'s quick thinking, they are finished off by a rock which falls on them, killing them both. The other animals are at the mercy of the water currents. Meanwhile, Scrat climbs up the glacier and at the top sticks the acorn he has into the ice. This forms a crack in the glacier, which widens into a fissure, diverting the flood and saving the animals. Scrat is then washed away. In the final scene, a herd of mammoths shows up, but Manny and Ellie decide to remain together anyway, taking Sid, Diego, and the opossum brothers along. Sid encounters the mini-sloths again - they believe Sid stopped the flood and invite him to be their leader. Diego, surprised to see the mini-sloths are real, convinces Sid to stay with the others, reluctantly admitting that Sid is a vital part of their \'herd\'. The epilogue shows Scrat having a near death experience after falling into the fissure. He enters a heaven full of acorns. Suddenly, he finds himself torn away. He unhappily wakes up, having been resuscitated by Sid, who he proceeds to viciously attack.'] ['It is Dug\'s birthday. This Golden Retriever wishes that it will be the happiest day of his life, when suddenly, Kevin runs over him and Alpha , Beta  and Gamma  run into Dug. Irritated with Dug getting in their way, they come up with "special missions" for Dug to help capture the bird. However, these are just ploys to keep Dug out of their way. Alpha assigns Dug to watch a large rock and make sure it doesn\'t move, because it is "the bird\'s favorite rock". Dug accidentally causes a pebble to roll down an incline and topple the large boulder, which nearly crushes Alpha, Beta and Gamma. He is then told to sit and wait in "the bird\'s favorite hole". After the three dogs leave him there, Dug starts sinking down the hole, which turns out to have quicksand in it. Dug falls through it and ends up falling on top of the three dogs right as they are stalking Kevin. Dug is then assigned to sit on a rock. When Dug jumps onto a rock, following Alpha\'s orders, Alpha, Beta, Gamma and the rock they\'re standing on all start to fall. Numerous scenes follow of Alpha, Beta and Gamma getting caught or captured by traps intended for Kevin, due to actions of Dug as a result of commands given to him by Alpha. The trio is scooped up in a net; then they are shot with darts, one of which hits Beta, knocking him out. Dug then runs in a pile of rocks as Alpha, Beta and Gamma chase after him. The rocks fall down and the three scream. In pain and anger, Alpha contacts Charles Muntz in his airship to report that Dug has caused them "to not capture the bird" and that he is a "bad dog". Dug, feeling dismayed, suddenly sees Muntz\'s Spirit of Adventure blimp in the sky. Fearful of Muntz and emotionally hurt, Dug runs off. Gamma and Beta talk to Dug by radio and comment on how he is "gonna get it now"; Beta sarcastically wishes Dug a happy birthday. Sad and lonely, Dug runs off into a mist-laden rocky area. He sees a rock that resembles a turtle, followed by one that looks like a man. When he hears a voice saying "I see you back there", he asks if the man is okay. Dug then realizes that he has received his birthday wish: a new master . The clouds clear, the sun comes out and Dug sits proudly on a flat rock. From here the short comes full circle as it reflects the point when Dug is introduced in the film. Russell notices him and briefly thinks Dug is a rock. After the credits roll, Dug says "Hi there!" to Carl and Russell; the short ends with Carl and Russell gasping in shock.'] 