['The conceptual base are the poetic monologues read by Sofia Rotaru playing herself, singer. The monologues were read by Sofia Rotaru in Russian, whereas their author, G. Vieru, has supposedly wrote them in Moldavian beforehand. In between the monologues, adapted music videos appear in all different kinds of scenery from Kazakh desert to Bukovinian rich green villages, passing by beautiful Crimean Black Sea and Lithuanian Baltic Sea shorelines. Sofia Rotaru performs personally in the movie without double stunt performers, namely the role of windsurfer in love, singing the song "Amor" in Moldavian language.'] ["The 90 minute film uses historical footage and animation. It uses the concerts to tell a broader story of Shea Stadium's history and how that related to changes that occurred in American suburban life and how they affected Long Island and Billy Joel. The film reveals several previously unknown facts."] ['U2 3D depicts a U2 concert in Buenos Aires during the band\'s Vertigo Tour. In the beginning of the film, a voice is heard chanting "everyone" in a crowd-filled stadium, followed by fans running through the venue.{{cite news}} U2 begin the concert with "Vertigo", followed by ten more songs in the main set. Images are shown throughout the concert on the stage\'s LED display. Political and social statements are made during some songs, including "Sunday Bloody Sunday"—during which the word "coexista" is spelled out on-screen through various religious symbols—and "Miss Sarajevo", during which an excerpt from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights is read aloud by a narrator.{{cite web}} The main set ends with "One", after which the group leave the stage. They return for an encore and perform "The Fly", during which a succession of words and phrases appear on the stage\'s LED display and are superimposed into the film.{{cite web|url{{-\'}}U2 3D\' immerses you in the band\'s music|lastChristy|dateAssociated Press|accessdate"RNR"/>'] ["The storyline of the film follows the final months of 1916 up to the murder of Rasputin; some events have been telescoped into this time though they actually happened earlier, during the war. Rasputin's effect on people around him is shown as almost hypnotic, and the film avoids taking a moral stance towards him—breaking not only with Soviet history but also with how he was regarded by people near the court at the time, some of whom regarded him as a debilitating figure who disgraced the monarchy and hampered the war effort.{{Citation needed}}"] ['The video features Aaron in concert at Disney MGM Studios performing songs from his 2000 album, Aaron\'s Party among two others; "Life Is a Party" (from the animated film Rugrats in Paris and on the international edition of the [[Aaron\'s Party  and a non-album track, "One for the Summer". Disney Channel aired the concert four months before it went to DVD and VHS with the same performance and behind-the-scenes clips of Aaron having fun at Disney World, but it also aired the Samantha Mumba performance at the concert, whereas the DVD omits Mumba performing and adds additional features along with the concert and Disney World clips. The DVD release features footage from the concert including Aaron having fun in Disney World, Aaron\'s 13th birthday party, Carter recording his then-upcoming album, the music video for "That\'s How I Beat Shaq" along with a personal greeting from Aaron himself.'] ['In this film adaptation of the Broadway play, Twilight: Los Angeles Anna Deavere Smith performs her one woman show portraying various real life people involved in the aftermath of the 1992 Rodney King trial verdict riots in Los Angeles.'] ['Bill Engvall was the first performer, covering a variety of anecdotes including incidents with his son\'s trampoline, nearly being thrown off an airplane, his stressful time at a massage parlor, his addiction to Sky Mall Magazine, and an incident involving two of the family dogs and a coyote. Ron White, with trademark drink and cigar in hand, followed Engvall. His routine included dieting tips that he\'d received, his solution to the problems with the DHS\'s "state of awareness scale," his ill fortune with Texas Hold\'em, being stranded in Fairbanks, Alaska, and the pet concierge at the Don Cesar resort in Florida. Jeff Foxworthy took the stage after White, and spent most of his time onstage discussing his latest addition to his redneck-related material, "redneck fashion tips," along with his amusement at an odd advertisement for LASIK surgery. Larry the Cable Guy was the last performer, and covered a variety of topics including some of his past girlfriends, his new wife and their pregnancy, embarrassing incidents at Wal-Mart and his local grocery store, and an incident at a Home Depot in which a customer was glued to a toilet seat by pranksters. After Larry\'s routine, the other three comedians joined him onstage, where they shared some of their favorite jokes. After this, they showed the audience potentially embarrassing pictures from their photo albums which the show\'s producers had asked their wives to send without them knowing it. The DVD also includes these bonus features: *Yankee Doody Dandy - a short film directed by C.B. Harding. The Blue Collar boys play a trick on President Bush  at the White House. *Molding the Minds of Young Americans - The four hold a question-and-answer session with students at George Washington University. *Blue Collar Fans - A segment of interviews by the fans. *Behind the Scenes of One For the Road - The making of the film and "Yankee Doody Dandy," as well as production of the DVD. *A slideshow of the pictures shown within the last segment of the movie. *"Previews" of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again and the Reno 911! Season 3 DVD.'] [" The film follows Chappelle during the summer of 2004, up until September 18, 2004, when he threw a block party on the corner of Quincy Street and Downing Street in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The film features nearby sites including the Broken Angel House in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn as well as areas in Fort Greene, Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. The film was produced before Chappelle's highly-publicized decision to walk away from a $50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle's Show, and gained prominence after the announcement. He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform at the party, including Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, and The Roots along with The Central State University Marching Band. Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform at the party, but since Columbia Records refused to release her songs for use in the production, she decided instead to reunite The Fugees for the occasion. In addition, Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts."] [' James Bond—agent 007—is assigned to aid the defection of a KGB officer, General Georgi Koskov, covering his escape from a concert hall in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia during the orchestra\'s intermission. During the mission, Bond notices that the KGB sniper assigned to prevent Koskov\'s escape is a female cellist from the orchestra. Disobeying his orders to kill the sniper, he instead shoots the rifle from her hands, then uses the Trans-Siberian Pipeline to smuggle Koskov across the border into Austria and then on to Britain. In his post-defection debriefing, Koskov informs MI6 that the KGB\'s old policy of Smert Spionam, meaning Death to Spies, has been revived by General Leonid Pushkin, the new head of the KGB. Koskov is later abducted from the safe-house and assumed to have been taken back to Moscow. Bond is directed to track down Pushkin in Tangier and kill him in order to forestall further killings of agents and escalation of tensions between the Soviet Union and the West. Although Bond\'s prior knowledge of Pushkin initially leads him to doubt Koskov\'s claims, he agrees to carry out the mission when he learns that the assassin who killed 004  left a note bearing the same message, "Smert Spionam." Bond returns to Bratislava to track down the cellist, Kara Milovy. He determines that Koskov\'s entire defection was staged, and that Milovy is actually Koskov\'s girlfriend. Bond convinces Milovy that he is a friend of Koskov\'s and persuades her to accompany him to Vienna, supposedly to be reunited with him. Meanwhile, Pushkin meets with arms dealer Brad Whitaker in Tangier, informing him that the KGB is cancelling an arms deal previously arranged between Koskov and Whitaker. During his brief tryst with Milovy in Vienna, Bond meets his MI6 ally, Saunders, who discovers a history of financial dealings between Koskov and Whitaker. As he leaves their meeting, Saunders is killed by Necros , who again leaves the message "Smert Spionam." Bond and Milovy promptly leave for Tangier, where Bond confronts Pushkin. Pushkin disavows any knowledge of "Smert Spionam", and reveals that Koskov is evading arrest for embezzlement of government funds. Bond fakes Pushkin\'s assassination, inducing Whitaker and Koskov to progress with their scheme. Meanwhile, Milovy contacts Koskov, who tells her that Bond is actually a KGB agent and convinces her to drug him so he can be captured. Koskov, Necros, Milovy, and the captive Bond fly to a Soviet air base in Afghanistan—part of the Soviet war in Afghanistan—where Koskov betrays Milovy and imprisons her along with Bond. The pair escape and in doing so free a condemned prisoner, Kamran Shah, leader of the local Mujahideen. Bond and Milovy discover that Koskov is using Soviet funds to buy a massive shipment of opium from the Mujahideen, intending to keep the profits with enough left over to supply the Soviets with their arms. With the Mujahideen\'s help, Bond plants a bomb aboard the cargo plane carrying the opium, but is spotted and has no choice but to barricade himself in the plane. Milovy drives a jeep into the back of the plane as they take off, and Necros also leaps aboard at the last second. After a struggle, Bond throws Necros to his death and deactivates the bomb. Bond then re-activates it and drops it out of the plane and onto a bridge, blowing it up and helping Shah and his men gain an important victory over advancing Soviet troops. Bond returns to Tangier to kill Whitaker, as Pushkin arrests Koskov, sending him back to Moscow.'] ['The documentary interlaces the footage filmed in 2006 with personal videos taken by Blunt in 1999, as well as news footage from the Kosovo conflict.{{cite journal}}'] [' During the 2008-09 Taking Chances Tour, Dion played concerts in 5 continents, 25 countries and 93 cities. Her first tour in 9 years was wildly successful, selling over 3 million tickets.<ref namehttp://www.celinedion.com/celinedion/english/whatsgoinon_pr.cgi?idCeline Dion Entertains the World in The Hot Ticket\'s Presentation of \'Celine: Through the Eyes of the World\' |work2009-12-03}} A small team did 800 hours of filming from South Africa to Omaha. The photo director Jean-François Perrault captured many great images of Dion all around the world. Intercutting concert performances of Dion\'s biggest hits with behind the scenes footage, the documentary depicts singer\'s life during the Taking Chances Tour, giving fans "the unique opportunity to follow Celine everywhere, on stage, backstage, enjoying free time with her family; this movie will show it all".{{cite web}} Sony\'s president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer said of the film: "For fans, this is a chance to both hear an artist in a theater setting with great sound, as well as take a look inside their lives. It isn\'t like seeing the person live, but it does add that huge element of intimacy".'] 