['At an unspecified time,Kelloway states that he has known Brubaker for 16 years, with Apollo 11 occurring during the period. Capricorn One&mdash;the first manned mission to Mars&mdash;is on the launch pad. Such NASA authorities as Dr. James Kelloway  realize, too late, that a faulty life-support system supplied by a corrupt NASA contractor will kill the astronauts during the flight. As the manned space program needs a success to continue, they find themselves forced to falsify the landing rather than cancel the mission. Minutes before launch, the bewildered crew of Air Force Colonel Charles Brubaker , Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Peter Willis , and Navy Commander John Walker  are removed from Capricorn One and flown to an abandoned United States Army Air Corps desert base. The launch proceeds on schedule, but the public is unaware that the spacecraft is empty. At the base, the astronauts are informed they will help counterfeit the television footage during the flight to and from Mars, and that it is their patriotic duty to participate for the sake of national morale and prestige. Initially they refuse, but Kelloway, himself under extreme duress  to go through with the hoax, threatens their families if they do not cooperate, claiming a bomb will explode on a plane carrying the family members. The astronauts remain in captivity during the flight and are filmed landing on Mars within a studio located at the base. They also appear in a live TV broadcast talking to their wives in a normal dialogue - despite the fact that radio signals take at least several minutes to reach Earth from their location in space. The conspiracy is known to only a few officials, until alert technician Elliot Whitter  notices that ground control receives the crew\'s television transmissions before the spacecraft telemetry arrives. Whitter mysteriously disappears before he can finish sharing his concerns with journalist friend Robert Caulfield . Caulfield discovers that all evidence of his friend\'s life has been erased and begins investigating the mission, surviving several attacks on himself and his reputation. Upon returning to Earth, the empty spacecraft unexpectedly burns up due to a faulty heat shield during re-entry. The captive astronauts quickly realize that something has gone badly wrong with the re-entry process, and that officials can never release them because doing so would automatically expose the hoax. Knowing that the only logical solution for their captors is kill them during the cover-up process, they escape in a Learjet, which runs out of fuel soon after take-off. Forced to crash-land and stranded in the desert, they attempt to return to civilization while being pursued by a pair of "black helicopters" . Brubaker is the only one to avoid capture. Caulfield\'s investigation leads him to the desert, where he finds the military base and the set. With the help of crop-dusting pilot Albain , he rescues Brubaker before the men in the helicopters can capture or kill him. The film ends with Caulfield and Brubaker arriving at the astronauts\' memorial service, exposing the conspiracy in front of television cameras and scores of witnesses who are astonished at his arrival.'] ['Nikita  is a teenage junkie who participates in the robbery of a pharmacy owned by a friend\'s parents. The robbery goes awry, erupting into a gunfight with local police, during which her cohorts are killed. Suffering severe withdrawal symptoms, she murders a policeman. Nikita is arrested, tried, and convicted of murder and is sentenced to life in prison. In prison, her captors fake her death, making it appear that she has committed suicide via a tranquilizer overdose. She awakens in a nondescript room, where a well-dressed but hard-looking man named Bob  enters and reveals that, although officially dead and buried, she is in the custody of a shadowy government agency known as the Centre. She is given the choice of becoming an assassin, or of actually occupying "row 8, plot 30"as per the original French version/English subtitles, referring to her fake grave. After some resistance, she chooses the former and proves to be a talented killer. One of her trainers, Amande , transforms her from a degenerate drug addict to a femme fatale. Amande implies that she was also rescued and trained by the DGSE. Her initial mission, killing a foreign diplomat in a crowded restaurant and escaping back to the Centre from his well-armed bodyguards, doubles as the final test in her training. She graduates and begins life as a sleeper agent in Paris with her boyfriend Marco , a man she meets in a supermarket and who knows nothing of her real profession. Her career as an assassin goes well until a document-theft mission in an embassy goes awry, requiring the Centre to send in Victor "The Cleaner" , a ruthless assassin. Victor\'s task is to help Nikita salvage the mission and destroy all the evidence of the foul-up, but he is wounded by the embassy guards and dies during the escape. Marco reveals that he has discovered Nikita\'s secret life, and, concerned over how her activities are affecting her psychologically, persuades her to disappear. Upon discovering that she abandoned the agency, Bob meets with Marco, and they both discuss and decide what is best for Nikita.'] 