['Arthur Kirkland  is a hotheaded but idealistic young defense attorney in Baltimore. As the film opens, he is in jail on a charge of contempt of court for having thrown a punch at judge Henry T. Fleming  while arguing the case of an innocent defendant, Jeff McCullaugh . McCullaugh was stopped for a minor traffic offense, but then mistaken for a killer of the same name and convicted. He has already endured year and a half in jail, as Kirkland continues his efforts to have the case reviewed against Fleming\'s resistance. Though there is strong new evidence that the convicted man was innocent, Judge Fleming refused Kirkland\'s appeal due to a minor technicality and leaves McCullaugh in prison. Kirkland takes another case, that of meek, gentle transgender Ralph Agee , who is guilty of a small crime and becomes a victim of the legal system. Kirkland also pays regular nursing home visits to his beloved Grandfather Sam , who is becoming senile. It is revealed that Arthur was abandoned by his parents at a young age and it was Sam who raised him and put him through law school. Arthur also begins a romance with a legal ethics committee member, Gail Packer . One day, Kirkland is shocked to find himself requested to defend Judge Fleming, who to everyone\'s surprise has been accused of rape. The two loathe each other, but Fleming feels everyone will believe he is innocent if the person publicly known to hate him also argues his innocence. Fleming uses blackmail, telling Kirkland an old violation of lawyer-client confidentiality will be reviewed by the ethics committee and Arthur likely will be disbarred if he refuses to represent Fleming. Gail confirms this off the record. An eccentric judge named Rayford , who has a friendly relationship with Kirkland, takes him for a hair-raising ride in his personal Bell 47 helicopter over the harbor and Fort McHenry, laughing as he tests how far they can possibly go without running out of fuel, while Arthur, his terrified passenger, begs him to land the helicopter immediately. Rayford, a veteran of the Korean War, is possibly suicidal, and keeps a rifle in his chambers at the courthouse, a 1911 pistol in his shoulder holster at all times and eats his lunch out on the ledge outside his window, four stories up. Kirkland\'s friend and partner, Jay Porter , is also unstable. He feels guilt from gaining acquittals for defendants who were truly guilty of violent crimes and goes berserk when one commits another murder. After a breakdown at the courthouse, Jay is taken to a hospital accompanied by Kirkland. Before leaving in the ambulance, a distracted Arthur calls on another lawyer friend, Warren Fresnell , to handle Ralph\'s court hearing in his absence. Arthur gives Warren a corrected version of Ralph\'s probation report, and stresses the fact that Warren must show the corrections to the judge so that Ralph will get probation rather than being sent to jail. Unfortunately, Warren forgets to appear on time, fails to show the judge the corrected report, and Ralph is sentenced to jail where he commits suicide through hanging off-screen. Kirkland is livid, and attacks Warren\'s car with his briefcase in retaliation and to get his attention. Warren argues that Ralph\'s trial was nothing but "nickels and dimes" and beneath him, before Kirkland sternly reminds him "they\'re people" and then informing of Ralph\'s suicide . His other client, McCullaugh, abused by fellow prisoners , snaps one day and takes two hostages. Arthur pleads with him to surrender, promising to get him out, but the police shoot and kill McCullaugh after he stands up, providing a shot for a police sharpshooter, as Arthur looks on in horror. A clearly disturbed Kirkland takes on Judge Fleming\'s case, which Judge Rayford and a jury will hear in court. Arthur acquires evidence from another client, Carl, incriminating photographs that show Fleming in BDSM acts with a prostitute. Gail warns him not to betray a client. He shows the pictures to Fleming, who then freely admits that he is guilty of the rape. Disgusted with his situation, Kirkland goes to trial. Fleming makes a sleazy remark to Kirkland about wanting to rape the victim again, which finally pushes Kirkland to the breaking point. In his opening statement, Arthur begins by mocking the case of the prosecuting attorney  while speaking of the ultimate objective of the American legal system. He appears to be making a strong case to exonerate Fleming. But unexpectedly, he bursts out and says that prosecution is not going to get Fleming, because he is going to get him. Kirkland tells the jury, "My client, The Honorable Henry T. Fleming, should go right to fucking jail! The son of a bitch is guilty!" The courtroom erupts and the presiding judge Rayford, the prosecution, and the others in the court room are enraged and flabbergasted at the turn of events, including Gail. The judge calls Kirkland "out of order," bangs his gavel to bring the court to order. Arthur replies, "You\'re out of order! You\'re out of order! The whole trial\'s out of order!" Arthur is dragged away, continuing to shout his rage all the way out the door and to criticize Fleming for his and the legal system\'s abuse of law and order that cost the lives of his two clients and let true criminals like Fleming go free to commit more crimes. As the courtroom spectators cheer for Arthur, Fleming sits down in defeat, and a fed-up Rayford walks out of his stand. In the end, Kirkland sits on the court\'s steps, all by himself, weary from his breakdown but satisfied, knowing his antics probably cost him his practice and career in law, but will presumably finally put Fleming in jail. His partner Jay, just released from the mental hospital, climbs up the long steps, tipping his toupee like a hat and greets him with a friendly "Hi, Arthur" and walks away and inside the court building.'] ["Set on the fictional San Piedro Island in the northern Puget Sound region of the Washington state coast in 1950, the plot revolves around the murder case of Kazuo Miyamoto , a Japanese American accused of killing Carl Heine, a Caucasian fisherman. The trial occurs in the midst of deep anti-Japanese sentiments following World War II. Covering the case is the editor of the town's one-man newspaper, Ishmael Chambers , a World War II veteran who lost an arm fighting the Japanese in the Pacific. Ishmael struggles with his love for Kazuo's wife, Hatsue , and his conscience, wondering if Kazuo is truly innocent. Spearheading the prosecution are the town's sheriff, Art Moran , and prosecutor, Alvin Hooks . Leading the defense is the old, experienced attorney Nels Gudmundsson . An underlying theme throughout the trial is prejudice. Several witnesses, including Etta Heine , Carl's mother, accuse Kazuo of murdering Carl for racial and personal reasons. Etta is a stereotypical anti-Japanese person; she represents the part of America that persecuted Japanese Americans during the Second World War. This stance is not without irony, as Kazuo (a decorated war veteran of the [[442nd Infantry Regiment , experienced prejudice because of his ancestry, following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. By the same standard, Etta, a German American, could be blamed for Nazi war crimes. Also involved in the trial is Ole Jurgensen, an elderly man who sold his strawberry field to Carl. The strawberry field is a contested issue during the trial. The land was originally owned by Carl Heine Sr. The Miyamotos lived in a house on the Heines' land and picked strawberries for Carl Sr. Kazuo and Carl Jr. were close friends as children. Kazuo's father eventually approached Carl Sr. about purchasing {{convert}} of the farm. Though Etta opposed the sale, Carl Sr. agreed. The payments were to be made over a ten-year period. However, before the last payment was made, war erupted between the U.S. and Japan, and all islanders of Japanese ancestry were forced to relocate to internment camps. In 1944, Carl Sr. died and Etta sold the land to Ole. When Kazuo returned after the war, he was extremely bitter toward Etta for reneging on the land sale. When Ole suffered a stroke and decided to sell the farm, he was approached by Carl Jr., hours before Kazuo arrived, to try to buy the land back. During the trial, the land is presented as a family feud and the motivation behind Carl's murder. Ishmael's search of the maritime records reveals on the night that Carl Heine died a freighter had passed through the channel where Carl had been fishing at 1:42am, five minutes before his watch had stopped. Ishmael realises that Carl was thrown overboard by the force of the freighter's wake. Despite the bitterness he feels at Hatsue's rejection, Ishmael comes forward with the new information. Further evidence is collected in support of the conclusion that Carl had climbed the boat's mast to cut down a lantern, been knocked from the mast by the freighter's wake, hit his head, then fallen into the sea. The charges against Kazuo are dismissed."] ["Isaak Kohler  coolly walked up to a man everyone assumed was his friend and shot him dead. This took place in front of dozens of witnesses in a busy restaurant, and there was no question about his guilt. What he never revealed was his motive. He has been in prison serving a twenty year sentence ever since. Perhaps in order to ease his daughter's pain about the incident, he has hired a legal representative to arrange for him to receive a retrial. He is still unforthcoming about his reasons for committing the crime, and invites the struggling lawyer to make something up. This crime and courtroom drama is based on a novel by Friedrich Dürrenmatt, whose works are highly respected within the German-speaking intellectual community but whose appeal has proved difficult to translate."] ["When the Cole's Santa Claus gets drunk before taking part in the Thanksgiving parade, Dorey Walker , Cole's director of special events, fires him and must find a replacement immediately. She spots an old man  berating the inebriated Santa, and begs him to take over. He claims his name is Kris Kringle. Kris does so well during the parade that he is immediately hired to be Cole's main Santa for the holiday period. All the children in New York begin to believe that he is the real Santa, with the exception of Dorey's six-year-old daughter Susan . Dorey's boyfriend, Bryan Bedford , does his best to convince Susan to believe. While being babysat one night by Kris, Susan shares with him her Christmas wish, she would like a dad, a house  and a baby brother. Kris asks if she would begin to believe in Santa if she got all those things. Susan agrees that she would. Kris is credited with bringing in many more sales to Cole's than previous years, until one night, when he is arrested, then sanctioned for supposedly assaulting a man on the street. Later, the truth emerges, that the man he assaulted was the original drunk Santa, who set up Kris to be arrested, with the help of members of staff from a rival of Cole's. With the help of Bryan, Dorey takes Kris' case to court, and drums up support for him from the public. It soon becomes clear that to get Kris acquitted and freed, Bryan must prove that not only does Santa exist, but that Kris is the real one. It is a seemingly impossible task until Bryan comes up with a plan that requires some help from Susan. Just as the judge is about to make his decision -- and it seems he was going to rule against Kris -- Susan walks up to the judge with a Christmas card containing a $1 bill. On the back, the words In God We Trust are circled. The judge realizes that, since the U.S. Department of Treasury can believe in God with no hard evidence, then the people of New York can believe in Santa Claus in the same way. This leaves the elated judge no other choice but to declare that Santa is real, thus freeing Kris. Following the court case, Dorey and Bryan are maneuvered by Kris into realizing their true feelings for each other, and are married in a very small ceremony right after the Christmas Eve Midnight Mass. On Christmas morning, Susan wakes to the news of the marriage and is elated to see that she has part one of her Christmas wish, a dad. Together, Susan, Dorey and Bryan drive out to the catalogue house and upon arrival, find that Kris has arranged for them to purchase the house. Susan, now having got two out of three of her wishes, excitedly runs upstairs in the house to look at her bedroom. Dorey and Bryan ask her what the last part of her Christmas wish was, and she triumphantly announces that it was a baby brother. Dorey and Bryan both look at each other, shocked, before glancing down at Dorey's stomach and sharing a kiss. The film ends with the belief that Susan has now gotten all she asked for."] ['Sean Raine, an ex-army officer with issues of his own, defends an impoverished young cowherd of killing a baby that he believes is an evil being known as a Tikoloshe.'] ['Nine-year-old Evelyn Doyle\'s  mother has abandoned the family, leaving her out-of-work father Desmond Doyle  to bring up Evelyn and her two brothers, Maurice  and Dermot  on his own. Matters are only made worse when Desmond\'s mother-in-law  reports the abandonment of the children to the authorities. Irish law prohibits children from being brought up in a "broken home", and therefore places these children in Church-run orphanages. Desmond also drinks excessively and does not have a job or money to allow him to support his children. His two sons are placed in a boys-only orphanage, while his daughter is placed in a girls-only orphanage. Vowing to reunite his family, Desmond enlists the help of his friends: barmaid Bernadette Beattie , her solicitor brother Michael , their American lawyer friend Nick  and his old mentor, Thomas Connolly . Together, the group attempts to do what has never been done before - challenge a law before the Irish Supreme Court.'] ["On his wedding night in 1953, an errant champagne cork renders college engineering professor Robert Kearns  almost completely blind in his left eye. A decade later, he is happily married to Phyllis  and the father of six children. As he drives his Ford Galaxie through a light rain, the constant movement of the windshield wipers irritates his troubled vision. The incident inspires him to create a wiper blade mechanism modeled on the human eye, which blinks every few seconds rather than continuously. With financial support from Gil Previck , Kearns converts his basement into a laboratory and develops a prototype he tests in a fish tank before installing it in his car. He patents his invention and demonstrates it for Ford researchers, who had been working on a similar project without success. Kearns refuses to explain how his mechanism works until he hammers out a favorable deal with the corporation. Impressed with Kearns' results, executive Macklin Tyler  asks him to prepare a business plan detailing the cost of the individual units, which Robert intends to manufacture himself. Considering this to be sufficient commitment from the company, he rents a warehouse he plans to use as a factory and forges ahead. He presents Ford with the pricing information it requested along with a sample unit, then waits for their response. Time passes, and when nobody contacts Robert, he begins placing phone calls that are never returned. Frustrated, Kearns attends a Ford dealers convention at which the latest model of the Mustang is unveiled, promoting the intermittent wiper as a selling point. Realizing the company has used his idea without giving him credit or payment for it, Robert begins his descent into a despair so deep he boards a Greyhound bus and heads for Washington, D.C., where he apparently hopes to find legal recourse. Instead, Maryland state troopers remove him from the bus and escort him to a mental hospital, where he is treated for a nervous breakdown. Finally released when doctors decide his obsession has subsided, he returns home a broken man, determined to receive public acknowledgement for his accomplishment. Thus begins years of legal battles, during which time his wife leaves him and he becomes estranged from his children. At trial, Kearns represents himself after attorney Gregory Lawson  withdraws from the case, because Robert refuses to settle. Eventually his ex-wife and offspring support him in his endeavor. Toward the end of the trial, Ford offers Kearns a $30 million settlement, but with no admission of wrongdoing. He decides to leave his fate in the hands of the jury, who determine that Ford infringed his patents, but that the infringement was not deliberate. The jury awards him $10.1 million. The closing credits indicate that Robert later wins an $18.7 million judgement from Chrysler Corporation as well."] ['A woman is thrown out of her home by her jealous husband and sinks into depravity. Twenty years later, she finds herself accused of murder for saving her son, who does not know who she is. He finds himself defending her without knowing her background.'] ['{{Plot}} Lawyer Erin Bruner defends a priest, Father Richard Moore, who is charged in connection with an exorcism that lead to the death of Emily Rose. The trial begins with the calling of several medical experts by the prosecutor, Ethan Thomas. One expert testifies that Emily was suffering from both epilepsy and psychosis. The defense contests that she may have actually been possessed, though Bruner is careful never to say that in so many words. Indeed, Bruner explains that Emily was suffering from something that neither medicine nor psychology could explain, and that Moore as well as her family realized this and tried to help in another way. Several flashbacks show how this began. In a flashback, Emily\'s ordeal is shown. Alone in her dorm room one night, at 3:00 AM, Emily notices a strange burning smell coming from the hallway. When she checks on it, she sees the door open and shut by itself several times. When she goes back to her room, she sees a jar of pencils and pens move by itself. Additionally, her bedclothes roll themselves down and a great weight seems to press down on her, a force which also proceeds to choke her. Through these episodes, she wonders if they are really happening or if they are just hallucinations. She suffers more visions, is hospitalized, and diagnosed with epilepsy. She is given anti-seizure medications, which she claims do not work. Her visions continue, as do her severe bodily contortions. She leaves school and returns to live with her parents. She and her parents become convinced she is neither epileptic nor mentally ill, but is possessed by demons. They ask for their local parish priest to be called in to perform an exorcism, and the Church agrees. The prosecution argues that all this could be explained by a combination of epilepsy  and psychosis . As the trial proceeds, Bruner begins to experience strange occurrences in her apartment at 3:00 AM, including strange smells and sounds. Moore warns her that she may be targeted by demons for possibly exposing them. Later in the film, he explains that 3:00 AM is the "devil\'s hour," which evil spirits use to mock the Holy Trinity. Significantly, it is the opposite of 3:00 PM, traditionally taken to be the hour at which Jesus died. Seeing that the prosecution is putting up a seemingly solid medical case, Bruner decides to try to show that Emily may have actually been possessed. She calls in Dr. Sadira Adani, a professor in anthropology and psychiatry, to testify about various cultures\' beliefs about spiritual possession. Adani quotes Carlos Castaneda\'s A Separate Reality as means to understand the subject, and suggests that Emily was a hypersensitive. Thomas objects, and dismisses the testimony as pseudoscience. Dr. Cartwright, a medical doctor present during the exorcism, comes forward to reveal an audio recording made during the rite. Moore is then called to the stand to testify. The recording is played, and the film then flashes back to the exorcism. It is performed on Halloween night, because Moore believes it might be easier to draw out the demons on that night. Emily breaks her ties and jumps out a window, running into a barn. They follow her, and inside the barn, they are subjected to such phenomena as unnatural gusts of wind and demonic screams and voices. The demon inside Emily refuses to name itself after repeated demands from the presiding Father, but finally reveals contemptuously that there are not one but six demons. They go on to identify themselves in dramatic fashion, naming themselves one after another in dual voices from Emily. They identify themselves as the demons who possessed Cain, Nero, and Judas Iscariot, as well as the demons Legion, Belial, and Lucifer himself. Each manifests himself in corresponding native language: Hebrew , Latin ("Ego sum qui , ancient Greek , German  and Aramaic  consecutively. Emily then finally utters in English "And I am Lucifer, devil in the flesh". Bruner calls Moore back to the stand the next day. He reads a letter that Emily wrote before she died. In the letter, Emily describes another vision she had the morning after the exorcism. She walks out of the house and experiences a Marian apparition, in which she is told that although the demons will not leave her, she can leave her body and end her suffering. However, the apparition goes on to say that, if Emily returns to her body, she will help to prove to the world that God and the devil are real. Emily chooses to return, concluding the letter by saying: "People say that God is dead. But how can they think that if I show them the devil?" She then receives stigmata, which Moore believes is a sign of God\'s love for her. Thomas counters that she could have incurred the wounds by self-injury. Father Moore is ultimately found guilty; however, on a recommendation from the jury, the judge agrees to a sentence of time served. Bruner is offered a partnership at her firm, but she refuses and instead, she resigns. She goes with Moore to Emily\'s grave, where he has put a quote  from the second chapter twelfth verse of Philippians on her grave: "Work out your own salvation, with fear and trembling."'] ['Three Australian Army officers of the Bushveldt Carbineers serving in South Africa during the Second Boer War  are on trial for murder. Lieutenants Harry "Breaker" Morant, Peter Handcock, and George Witton are accused of the murder of one Boer prisoner and the subsequent murders of six more. In addition, Morant and Handcock are accused of the sniper-style assassination of a German missionary, the Rev. H. C. V. Hesse. Their defence counsel, Major J. F. Thomas, has had only one day to prepare their defence. Lord Kitchener, who ordered the trial, hopes to bring the Boer War to an end with a peace conference. To that end, he uses the Morant trial to show that he is willing to judge his own soldiers harshly if they disobey the rules of war. Although, as Major Thomas mentions in court, there are great complexities associated with charging active-duty soldiers with murder during battle, Kitchener is determined to have a guilty verdict, and the chief of the court, Lt. Colonel Denny, supports him. Major Thomas\' speech on the "barbarities of war" provides the climax of the film: Now, when the rules and customs of war are departed from by one side, one must expect the same sort of behaviour from the other. Accordingly, officers of the Carbineers should be, and up until now have been, given the widest possible discretion in their treatment of the enemy.Now, I don\'t ask for proclamations condoning distasteful methods of war, but I do say that we must take for granted that it does happen. Let\'s not give our officers hazy, vague instructions about what they may or may not do. Let\'s not reprimand them, on the one hand for hampering the column with prisoners, and at another time and another place, hold them up as murderers for obeying orders.[...]The fact of the matter is that war changes men\'s natures. The barbarities of war are seldom committed by abnormal men. The tragedy of war is that these horrors are committed by normal men in abnormal situations, situations in which the ebb and flow of everyday life have departed and have been replaced by a constant round of fear, and anger, blood, and death. Soldiers at war are not to be judged by civilian rules, as the prosecution is attempting to do, even though they commit acts which, calmly viewed afterwards, could only be seen as unchristian and brutal. And if, in every war, particularly guerilla war, all the men who committed reprisals were to be charged and tried as murderers, court martials like this one would be in permanent session. Would they not?I say that we cannot hope to judge such matters unless we ourselves have been submitted to the same pressures, the same provocations as these men, whose actions are on trial.'] [" En route to meet his fiancée, Katherine Grant , Joe Wilson  is arrested on flimsy circumstantial evidence for the kidnapping of a child. Gossip soon travels around the small town, growing more distorted through each retelling, until a mob gathers at the jail. When the resolute sheriff ([[Edward Ellis  refuses to give up his prisoner, the enraged townspeople burn down the building. The district attorney  brings the main perpetrators to trial for murder, but nobody is willing to identify the guilty, and several provide alibis. The case seems hopeless, but then the prosecutor produces hard evidence: newsreel footage of twenty-two people caught in the act. However, Katherine is troubled by one piece of evidence. The defense attorney had tried to get his clients off by claiming that there was no proof Joe was killed, but an anonymous letter writer had returned a partially melted ring belonging to Joe. Katherine notices that a word is misspelled just as Joe used to spell it. She discovers that Joe escaped the fire and that Joe's brothers are helping him get his revenge. She goes to see Joe and pleads with him to stop the charade, but he is determined to make his would-be killers pay. However, his conscience starts preying on him and, in the end, just as the verdicts are being read, he walks into the courtroom and sets things straight."] ["In Washington DC, Carl Wayne Anderson  is a homeless, deaf-mute Vietnam veteran accused of murdering Elizabeth Quinn, a file clerk at the Justice Department. Kathleen Riley  is the beleaguered D.C. public defender assigned to represent Anderson. An agribusiness lobbyist who normally works on Capitol Hill, Eddie Sanger , is approved as a member of the jury by Riley despite his attempt to be excused. Sanger begins investigating the details of the murder himself, eventually teaming up with Riley beyond the observation of the trial's suspicious judge. Sanger also keeps busy in his work as a lobbyist on Capitol Hill, including his efforts to win passage of a bill by seducing a Congresswoman. Around Christmas, a United States Supreme Court Justice commits suicide, for which no explanation or context is given. We only see the Justice making a tape recording and then shooting himself. Shortly after the suicide, Elizabeth Quinn's body is found floating in the Potomac River, and Carl Wayne Anderson is arrested for the crime, based almost entirely on the fact that he was seen sleeping in Quinn's car the night of her murder. The car was abandoned in the desolate K Street parking lot. Anderson, it is eventually revealed, found the car unlocked and was just looking for a warm place to sleep since it was the dead of winter. But since he was homeless, had no alibi, and was also found in possession of Quinn's wallet, he was arrested for her murder. Riley finds it difficult to communicate with Anderson, a deaf-mute. Over time, she begins to penetrate his hard exterior and he tries to cooperate with her efforts to mount a defense for him. As the investigation by Riley, with unethical assistance from Sanger, intensifies, they begin focusing on Deputy Attorney General Paul Gray . Figuring that a key found on the victim's body has something to do with the Justice Department , Riley and Sanger break into the file department at the Justice Department late one night and try to find what the key unlocks. They find a file cabinet, which contained trial transcripts from federal cases from 1968 that Quinn was in the process of transcribing. The trial is conducted by stern federal judge Matthew Helms . Helms is rumored to be the President's nominee for a seat on the prestigious United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judge Helms begins to suspect that Riley may be collaborating with Sanger, which would be a disbarrable offense of jury tampering, although he does not have concrete proof. In a law library, Riley and Sanger narrowly avoid being caught by Judge Helms, who sequesters the jury to avoid any possible further contact between Riley and the juror. Riley and Sanger suspect that Elizabeth Quinn stumbled onto something and look for any case that might have an impropriety. Fixing a case requires participation from both the prosecutor and the trial judge. Riley and Sanger think they will find evidence that Gray was a prosecutor on a rigged 1968 case, which would be his motive to murder Quinn if she approached Gray about what she found. Riley goes back to Quinn's car  and finds an audiotape that the police did not uncover in their half-hearted investigation. The tape is the one made by the Supreme Court Justice who committed suicide. In it, he confesses to conspiring to fix a case in 1968  in return for an appointment from the United States District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Riley assumes the prosecutor on that case was Gray and goes back to the courthouse to retrieve the case book that will confirm this. She is pursued and attacked by an unseen figure. With the help of Sanger , Riley is able to slice the right wrist of her assailant, who then flees unseen. Gray shows up in the courtroom, to the surprise of Judge Helms. Riley wants the judge to take the stand. An irate Helms says that Riley cannot make him testify. Riley reveals that it was Helms, not Gray, who was the prosecutor in the fixed case of 1968. In exchange for fixing the case, Helms was nominated to the District Court. Seventeen years later, Quinn inadvertently discovered the case fixing. At the same time, Helms learned he was a likely nominee for the Court of Appeals. Quinn approached the Supreme Court Justice, who responded by committing suicide. When she approached Judge Helms, however, he murdered her. As the judge angrily bangs his gavel during Riley's accusation, his right wrist begins to bleed from where Riley slashed him the night before, confirming his identity as the killer. Riley ends up reinvigorated in her job and in a relationship with Sanger."] ['The peace of Skokie, a comfortable Chicago suburb, is threatened when Frank Collin , a politically astute neo-Nazi organizer, selects the place as the site of his next rally. Close to 40 percent of the town’s population is Jewish, and many of them are survivors of the Holocaust. They see the march as a warning and reminder of their days as concentration camp prisoners. The Jewish community decides to stand against the rally at all cost to make sure that the Holocaust will never be forgotten or allowed to happen again. Moderate leaders Bert Silverman  and Abbot Rosen  advise the Jewish community to ignore the neo-Nazis; the strategy they put forward is “quarantine”, isolating the meeting by totally ignoring the neo-Nazi presence and refusing to be provoked. The logic is simple: if the Jewish community refuses to acknowledge the rally and thus refuses to feed the media any publicity, the meeting will be futile and eventually forgotten. However, one citizen challenges their argument. A Holocaust survivor, Max Feldman , says that he was told to ignore the Nazis nearly 40 years ago in Germany, and before he knew it he was in a concentration camp. He says this time he will take action, and he is ready to shed blood if necessary. Led by this de facto spokesman, most members of the community agree to protest. The film spans a year and a half of legal battles and explores the meaning of freedom and First Amendment in the United States of America.'] ['A merchant marine captain, Gideon Patch  decides to stay aboard a sinking ship, in order to prove that it was sabotaged to collect insurance on cargo that had secretly been off-loaded at Rangoon.'] ['Judge Hardin  is an idealistic Los Angeles jurist who gets frustrated when the technicalities of the law prevent the prosecution of two men who are accused of raping and killing a 10-year-old boy. They were driving slowly late at night and attracted the suspicion of two police officers, who wondered if the van\'s occupants might be burglars. After checking the license plate for violations, the policemen pulled them over for expired paperwork, claimed to have smelled marijuana, then saw a bloody shoe inside the van. However, the paperwork was actually submitted on time , meaning the police had no reason to pull over the van and Hardin has no choice  but to throw out any subsequently discovered evidence, i.e. the bloody shoe. Hardin is even more distraught when the father of the boy attempts to shoot the criminals in court but misses and shoots a cop instead. Subsequently, the father commits suicide while in jail only after he informs Hardin that another boy has been discovered raped and murdered and tells him "This one is on you, your Honor. That boy would be alive if you hadn\'t let those men go." After hearing all this, Judge Hardin approaches his friend, Judge Caulfield , who tells him of a modern-day Star Chamber: a group of judges who identify criminals who fell through the judicial system\'s cracks and then take actions against them outside the legal structure. Judge Hardin participates in one of these proceedings in which he presents the case of the two criminals. The Star Chamber declares them "guilty" and dispatches a hired assassin. Soon afterward, however, a police detective  comes to Judge Hardin with conclusive evidence that someone else raped and killed the boy. Realizing that he and the Star Chamber have just sentenced two men to die for a crime they didn\'t commit, Hardin implores the Star Chamber to recall the assassin, but is told by the other judges that the hit cannot be canceled. For the judges\' own protection, their system includes a buffer between themselves and the assassin; they don\'t know who he is and he doesn\'t know who they are. They rationalize to Hardin that although an occasional mistake is inevitable and regrettable, what they are doing still serves society\'s greater good &mdash; especially, they argue, considering that the two targeted men are clearly criminals guilty of plenty of other crimes, even if not of the specific crime for which the group convicted them. Hardin makes it clear that he does not accept their reasoning. Caulfield warns him to back down because the group will do whatever they have to in order to protect themselves. Hardin refuses to heed this warning and says he will do whatever he can to stop the men from being killed. He then tracks down the men in an attempt to warn them. However, when he arrives, they do not trust him, as he has stumbled across their illegal drug operation. After they attack him, Hardin is saved by the hitman, disguised as a police officer, who kills the two men before they can kill Hardin. The hitman points his gun at Hardin, but at the last moment, the detective arrives and kills the hitman. The movie ends with the Star Chamber deciding another "case" without Hardin, who is outside in a car with the detective recording their conversation.'] ['Karen Barth  is the divorced mother of Michael , a young autistic boy who is unable to speak or write. After an incident in which Michael wanders away from home to the local playground, Karen\'s ex-husband Roger realizes that Michael may need more specialized care than she can provide, and suggests Michael be enrolled in a special residential school. Reluctant to do so, Karen nonetheless agrees to visit the campus, where she meets with therapist Terry Wilson , who explains just how the program will be able to help Michael, which finally convinces Karen to enroll him, although she is put off by the school\'s requirement that she not visit for 6 weeks. Initially clashing with Terry\'s approach, Karen grudgingly comes to realize that the separation period is necessary for adjustment and takes a job at a local greenhouse. Meanwhile, Michael begins gradually making progress, learning such basics as tying his shoes, in addition to such chores as making his bed and helping prepare meals in the cottage he shares with his caretaker, Jeff. Eventually, Terry suggests to Jeff and school head Eliot that they try a form of facilitated communication: having Michael type his thoughts on a computer keyboard, with Terry guiding his hand. Eliot is reluctant, but Jeff is outright dismissive, claiming Michael\'s "not that bright" and "can\'t even spell." However, Eliot finally agrees to give Terry a one-month trial period with Michael  to see if it works. Initially, Michael only types gibberish, but Terry keeps at it, and a breakthrough finally occurs when Karen comes for a visit and, in an emotional moment, he types a greeting of "MOM HI" to her, finally breaking his long silence. Karen then asks Michael if he knows how much she loves him, to which he types "YES", and then he reveals something she had never known when he types "DAD GONE. I BRAK CAR. MY FALT" , but Karen assures him this was not the reason for their divorce. Later, Karen shares news of her first conversation with Michael to an initially skeptical Roger, admitting to having been wrong about Terry before and thanking him for recommending the school. After mentioning the revelation that Michael thought the divorce was his fault, Roger expresses guilt over having never explained the reason for his departure, but Karen assures him that she set Michael straight, and even if he\'s not convinced, he\'ll now be able to tell them. Things seem to be looking up, with Karen even receiving a pay raise at the greenhouse. However, trouble soon looms over the horizon, after Jeff departs for a two-week vacation to Florida. Michael begins having nightmares, acting out, neglecting his chores and becoming harder to handle. Needing some answers, Terry asks Michael why, to which he types out "JEFF." Initially thinking it\'s related to Jeff being away, Terry is surprised when Michael further clarifies this by typing "KEEP JEFF AWAY." When asked why, Michael types out the unthinkable: "SEX". Informed that he had been sexually abused, an enraged Karen demands that Michael be pulled from the school, but he expresses his desire to remain there: "I STAY". After Jeff is arrested, a detective is dispatched to the school and questions Michael about the abuse; believing him to be credible, he comments to Terry on how "impressive" this form of communication is before leaving. All is not well for Karen, however. Feeling hurt that Michael had put his trust in Terry rather than his own mother, and despite Roger\'s gratitude that Michael actually told someone about the abuse, Karen has suddenly cut off all contact, not returning phone calls or showing up for visits and shutting herself up in the house. Finally, Terry pays her a visit and explains that despite all the school has accomplished for Michael, he still needs Karen in his life, and that it\'s important for them to work together. This gets her to come around, and as they prepare for trial (an uphill battle, not helped by the double whammy of the court\'s reluctance to use facilitated communication to provide testimony and the fact that Jeff recanted his [[Confession , Karen stresses to Terry how important it is that she help Michael "find his voice" in court. After being established as a credible witness, Michael gets through questioning by the district attorney with no problem, but when cross-examined by Jeff\'s attorney, he has an episode on the witness stand, forcing the judge to call a recess. While the defense calls for a mistrial, a compromise is reached: another cross-examination will take place in a separate area, relayed back to the courtroom via closed-circuit TV, and without the presence of Jeff. Asked by Karen if he wants to try again, Michael types "I CAN DO IT MOM", and the trial proceeds. Things go smoother this time, and in the end, Jeff is found guilty of performing a lewd act upon a child. Karen then relays the good news to Michael, who types "WE WON" after hearing it. The film ends with Karen and Terry watching Michael play, Terry commenting that they still have a long way to go with him, but Karen assures her, "we\'ll go together. We\'re a good team."'] ['Ted Kramer  is a workaholic advertising executive who has just been assigned a new and very important account. Ted arrives home and shares the good news with his wife Joanna  only to find that she is leaving him. Saying that she needs to find herself, she leaves Ted to raise their son Billy  by himself. Ted and Billy initially resent one another as Ted no longer has time to carry his increased workload and Billy misses his mother\'s love and attention. After months of unrest, Ted and Billy learn to cope and gradually bond as father and son. Ted befriends his neighbor Margaret , who had initially counseled Joanna to leave Ted if she was that unhappy. Margaret is a fellow single parent, and she and Ted become kindred spirits. One day, as the two sit in the park watching their children play, Billy falls off the jungle gym, severely cutting his face. Ted sprints several blocks through oncoming traffic carrying Billy to the hospital, where he comforts his son during treatment. Fifteen months after she walked out, Joanna returns to New York to claim Billy, and a custody battle ensues. During the custody hearing, both Ted and Joanna are unprepared for the brutal character assassinations that their lawyers unleash on the other. Margaret is forced to testify that she had advised an unhappy Joanna to leave Ted, though she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed. Eventually, the damaging facts that Ted was fired because of his conflicting parental responsibilities, forcing him to take a lower-paid job, come out in court, as do the details of Billy\'s accident. The court awards custody to Joanna, a decision mostly based on the assumption that a child is best raised by his mother. Ted discusses appealing the case, but his lawyer warns that Billy himself would have to take the stand in the resulting trial. Ted cannot bear the thought of submitting his child to such an ordeal and decides not to contest custody. On the morning that Billy is to move in with Joanna, Ted and Billy make breakfast together, mirroring the meal that Ted tried to cook the first morning after Joanna left. They share a tender hug knowing that this is their last daily breakfast together. Joanna calls on the intercom, asking Ted to come down to the lobby. She tells Ted how much she loves and wants Billy, but she knows his true home is with Ted. She will therefore not take him. As she enters the elevator to go and talk to Billy, she asks her ex-husband "How do I look?" The movie ends with the elevator doors closing on the emotional Joanna, right after Ted answers, "You look terrific."'] ['It is Christmas 1911 and Arthur Winslow, a retired London banker, is making final preparations for a dinner to seal the engagement between his daughter Catherine, an outspoken supporter of the controversial cause of women\'s suffrage, and Captain John Watherstone. The family and guests are toasting the upcoming marriage when Arthur discovers that his youngest son Ronnie, a 13-year old cadet at the Royal Naval College at Osbourne, is unexpectedly home. Ronnie has been accused of the theft of a postal order. An internal enquiry, conducted without notice to his family and without benefit of representation, finds him guilty and Mr. Winslow is "requested to withdraw" his son from the college . Ronnie proclaims his innocence and his father believes him—enough so that he demands an apology from the College. When the college refuses to reinstate Ronnie, Arthur decides to take the matter to court. With the help of his daughter and Desmond Curry, a solicitor and friend of the family, Mr. Winslow decides to hire the most highly sought after barrister in England at the time, Sir Robert Morton, known also to be a shrewd opposition Member of Parliament. The government is unwilling to allow the case to proceed. The Naval College is a representative of the Admiralty and the Crown, and as such British law presumes they are infallible and above question; their judgment can be legally questioned only with the permission of the Attorney General. However, after heated debates in the House of Commons, the government yields, and the case does come to court. Catherine had expected Sir Robert to decline the case, or at best to treat it as a political tool; instead, he is coolly matter-of-fact about having been persuaded of Ronnie\'s innocence by his responses to questioning  in the presence of his family. Catherine, a left-wing suffragette, is not enthusiastic about Morton, whom she considers cold and heartless. Catherine is also disturbed by Sir Robert\'s establishment views: he is a conservative opponent of women’s suffrage. "He always speaks out against what is right," she observes to her father, though she admires his legal skills. Morton, for his part, obviously is quite taken with Catherine from the moment he meets her in his offices; later he stares at her as she arrives at the House of Commons and as she watches the proceedings from the ladies\' gallery. In the meantime, the case creates media hysteria and puts a heavy toll on the Winslow family – their funds are rapidly depleted in order to cover legal expenses. Mr. Winslow\'s physical health deteriorates under the strain and the happiness of the Winslows\' home is destroyed. Arthur\'s wife, Grace, begins to wonder if the real issue is justice or a father\'s stubborn and foolish pride. Forced to make economical sacrifices, Grace Winslow is unwilling to take the drastic measure of dismissing Violet, who has been the family’s maid for over twenty years. The eldest son, Dickie Winslow, has to leave Oxford due to the lack of money destroying his chance at a career in the Civil Service. Instead, he is compelled to find employment in his father’s bank. Catherine\'s marriage settlement is also gone. Her fiancé John Watherstone breaks off the engagement in the face of opposition from his father , forcing her to consider a sincere and well-intentioned offer of marriage from Desmond, whom she does not love. Sir Robert has also declined appointment as Lord Chief Justice, rather than drop the case. The least affected is Ronnie, who happily has been transferred to a new school. At trial, Sir Robert  is able to discredit much of the supposed evidence. The Admiralty, certainly embarrassed and presumably no longer confident of Ronnie\'s guilt, abruptly withdraws all charges against him, proclaiming the boy entirely innocent. When their resounding victory arrives, not a single member of the Winslow’s family is present at court. It is Violet, the maid, who tells Mr. Winslow and Catherine what has happened at court. Shortly after, Sir Robert appears in the Winslows’ home to share the good news. The film ends with a suggestion that romance may yet blossom between Sir Robert and Catherine, who acknowledges that she had misjudged him all along.'] ['The film tells the story of the life and execution of Barbara Graham  a prostitute and convicted perjurer. Graham is the product of a broken home, and works luring men into fixed card games. At one point, she attempts to go straight but marries the "wrong man," and has a child. He is a drug addict and she ends their relationship. When her life falls apart, she returns to her former professions and becomes involved with men who have murdered a woman. The police arrest them, and her, and her companions accuse her of the murder to reduce their own chances of going to the gas chamber. She claims her innocence, but is convicted and executed.'] ["Brigadier General William Mitchell tries to prove the worth of the Air Service as an independent service by sinking a battleship under restrictive conditions agreed to by Army and Navy. He disobeys their orders to limit the attack to bombs under 1,000 pounds and instead loads 2,000 pounders. With these, he proves his aircraft can sink the ex-German World War I battleship {{SMS}}, previously considered unsinkable. But his superiors are outraged. Politically vocal, he is demoted to colonel and sent to a ground unit in Texas. A high-profile air disaster occurs in which his close friend Zachary Lansdowne is killed, the crash of the dirigible {{USS}}. This is followed by a second disaster in which six planes, poorly maintained because of lack of funds, flying from a base on the California coast to Fort Huachuca, Arizona, crash. Mitchell at this points calls a press conference in which he makes harsh criticisms of the Army. He is then court-martialed. It goes slowly for Mitchell's attorney and friend, Congressman Reed of Mitchell's home state Wisconsin, who tries everything, until he subpoenas President Calvin Coolidge. At this point the court decides to adjourn. Clearly the military wants out of this limelight, but Mitchell refuses to sign a paper Reed has presented him in which he withdraws his criticisms in return for saving his career as an Army officer. Margaret Lansdowne, widow of Mitchell's dead friend from the Shenandoah, then appears in court. The previous barring of evidence demonstrating a justification for Mitchell's criticisms of his superiors failure to develop air power is repealed and many witnesses are then called forward to corroborate Mitchell's criticisms, including Eddie Rickenbacker and Fiorello LaGuardia. Finally Mitchell testifies and is cross-examined by a prosecutor specially brought in for the job  who stresses his having disobeyed his superior officers and who ridicules his attempts at foresight, even that accurately describing, in 1941, both Philippines and Hawaii were attacked by Japan. The court finds Mitchell guilty, but he has presented his case to the public, which is somewhat of a win considering he wanted to raise awareness about the state of the Air Service. As his pilots salute him Mitchell steps out and looks up and sees a squadron of four biplanes in flight, the biplanes are replaced with a squadron of jets, demonstrating what Billy Mitchell's actions will result in for the future of the United States and its Air Force."] ["Aitraaz is a film about Raj Malhotra , Priya Malhotra née Saxena , and Sonia Roy . Raj and Priya accidentally meet each other and fall in love. One day Priya gets pregnant and the couple is very happy. Raj even buys a bungalow for the couple. They are very happy with their new lives. Raj is expecting a promotion to C.E.O. on the annual company day. The chairman  arrives with his new wife, Sonia Roy. Sonia Roy sees Raj and goes to the stage. She discusses something with the chairman and then announces the promotions. The post that Raj was expecting was given to his friend Rakesh . To Raj's surprise, he was included in the list of Board of Directors. They had a party that night and Priya also comes with Raj and they all enjoy. Sonia starts flirting with Raj even in front of Priya. Priya doesn't like Sonia's behavior and warns Raj to watch out for her. Raj agrees. The next day, Rakesh tells Raj that they have a defect in their new mobile handsets and its production needs to stop. The defect is that the call goes to two people at once, the one we are trying to call, and another in the phone book contact list. He needs the permission of Sonia to do this work. Raj thus goes to Sonia's home.  Sonia there tells that she has got a chance to meet him after long years and thus she is very aroused. She hugs him from the back all of a sudden while he was talking to his friend in Bangkok. She tries to seduce him but Raj denies her and goes home. Sonia is angry with Raj and tells her husband, Mr. Roy that he tried to rape her and exploit her. Roy becomes angry and gives Raj his resignation notice. Raj decides to fight against Sonia. Raj requests his lawyer friend, Barrister Ram Chauthrani  fight his case and he agrees. In the meantime, Sonia and Mr. Roy have hired Lawyer Patel . They fight a lot but Lawyer Patel discloses that Raj was the one who raped her. When it looks like there is no hope, Raj's friend who was in Bangkok returns and hands him over a tape in which their talk in Sonia's house was recorded. He gives it to the lawyer and the lawyer tests it in a forensic lab and concludes that it is real, but he is run over while returning by a person deployed by Sonia. At the moment his assistant takes the cassette and puts a destroyed cassette in its place and hands it over to the person who ran over his senior. It is handed over to Sonia. Priya asks Raj why he called the bank manager at Sonia's house, and Raj realizes he didn't call the manager, but Rakesh, and the defect in the mobile connected the line to the bank manager, as well. Priya, who is also a lawyer, now fights the case due to the accident of Raj's previous lawyer, Mr. Chauthrani. Priya uses Rakesh's mobile as evidence against Sonia along with the fact that Sonia met Raj in South Africa eight years ago. Their infatuation for each other led to Sonia being pregnant with Raj's child. However, Sonia and Raj split as Sonia wanted to abort their child, for she lusted for money, status, luxury and power. The baby was a wall between her dreams of becoming rich. After Raj left her, Sonia aborted their child and bumped into Roy. Seeing her chance, Sonia hit the jackpot, and married Roy, who was much older than her. However, Roy wasn't able to give Sonia any sexual pleasure, so Sonia tried to seduce Raj, but being the loyal husband, Raj rejected her sexual advances. As a result, Priya wins the case and Roy leaves Sonia. Feeling humialiated and guilty, Sonia is unable to bear the shame and commits suicide by jumping from the top of a building. The film ends with a song, showing that Raj and Priya have a baby boy and live together happily ever after."] ['The film dramatises events leading up to the 1857 trial of an otherwise respectable young woman, Madeleine Smith, , for the murder of her draper\'s assistant lover, Emile L\'Angelier . The trial produced the uniquely Scottish verdict of "not proven", which left Madeleine a free woman. The film begins with the purchase of a house in Glasgow by a wealthy middle class Victorian family. Their eldest daughter, Madeleine, chooses to have for her own the bedroom in the basement. Here she will have easy access to the servants\' entrance, and will be able to entertain her lover, Frenchman Emile L\'Angelier, without the knowledge of her family. The relationship continues, and the couple become secretly engaged, but L\'Angelier begins to press Madeleine to reveal his existence to her father in order that they can marry. Madeleine, frightened of her authoritarian father, is reluctant to do so and eventually visits L\'Angelier in his rooms and says she will run away with him and marry him rather than face telling her father the truth. L\'Angelier, however, says that he could never marry her in this way, and Madeleine realises that he does not love her for herself but rather that he sees her as a means to recover his position in society. She tells him that their relationship is at an end and asks him to send her letters back. During the time that she has been seeing L\'Angelier, Madeleine\'s father has been encouraging her to accept the attentions of a wealthy society gentleman, William Minnoch,  and after having broken her engagement with L\'Angelier, she tells Mr Minnoch that she will accept his marriage proposal. Her family are delighted, but L\'Angelier visits the house again and threatens to show her father the compromising letters in his possession unless she continues to see him. Saying nothing of her new engagement, Madeleine reluctantly agrees. Some weeks after this, L\'Angelier is taken very ill, and although he recovers, he later has another attack of the same illness and this time dies from it. He is found to have died from arsenic poisoning, and L\'Angelier\'s friend points the finger of suspicion at Madeleine, who is found to have had arsenic in her possession at the time of L\'Angelier\'s death. The remainder of the film covers the court case, at the end of which the jury bring the verdict of not proven, a uniquely Scottish verdict which releases Madeleine from custody as neither guilty nor not guilty.'] ['Frank Galvin , once a promising graduate of Boston College Law School and a lawyer at an elite Boston law firm, is now an alcoholic ambulance chaser who has lost all of his four cases over the last three years. As a favor, his former partner and friend Mickey  throws him a medical malpractice case where it\'s all but assured that the defense will settle for a large amount. The case involves a young mother who was possibly administered the wrong anesthetic and is now in a coma. Her sister and brother-in-law are hoping for a settlement to properly care for the victim, and Frank assures them they have a strong case. Meanwhile, Frank becomes romantically involved with a woman he meets at a local bar, Laura. Frank visits the coma-stricken young mother and is deeply affected. He then meets with the defendants: the Archdiocese of Boston, who run the Catholic hospital where the incident took place. As expected, the archdiocese offers a fairly substantial amount of money to settle out of court, but Frank declines the offer, as he fears that this may be his last chance to do something right as a lawyer, and that merely taking the handout would render him "lost." Everyone, including the presiding judge and the mother\'s relatives, is stunned by Frank\'s decision. Things quickly go wrong for Frank: his clients\' brother-in-law finds out from "the other side" that he has turned down a $200,000 settlement, and angrily confronts Frank; his star medical expert disappears; a hastily arranged substitute\'s credentials and testimony are called into serious question on the witness stand; his opponent—the high-priced attorney Ed Concannon —has at his disposal a large legal team that is masterful with the press; the presiding judge  takes great strides to obstruct Frank\'s questioning; and any witnesses present in the operating room refuse to testify about what, if anything, went wrong. While looking for cigarettes in Laura\'s handbag, Mickey discovers a cheque from Concannon—evidently she\'s a spy providing information on Frank\'s legal strategy to the opposition. When he is informed of this, an enraged Frank punches Laura on their next meeting. Even then, when he has the clear opportunity to have the case declared a mistrial, Frank decides to continue to trial. Frank\'s big break occurs when he discovers the whereabouts of a lone witness quickly hushed after the incident. Her shattering testimony—that she was forced to change her notes on the admitting form after the incident to hide an egregious error by one of the defendants—stuns the entire courtroom. A distressed Concannon\'s attempts at discrediting her, serve only to further cement her veracity, even after the judge declares her testimony stricken from the record on legal technicalities. Frank delivers a brief but moving closing argument, beseeching the jury to pursue "truth and justice." When the jury returns, they find for Frank\'s client and then ask whether they are limited to the amount sought by the plaintiffs. When the presiding judge resignedly replies they are not, it is implied the award will far exceed expectations. As Frank is congratulated by his clients, Mickey, and colleagues and strangers alike, he catches a glimpse of Laura watching him from afar. The final shot is of Frank deeply contemplating his new and unfamiliarly bright lease on life, ignoring his telephone\'s continuous ringing from a call from Laura.'] ['The film tells the story of the Tuskegee experiment, a U.S. Federal Government secret medical experiment on poor African Americans in the years 1932-1972, designed to study the effects of untreated syphilis. The story is told from the perspective of the small town nurse Eunice Evers  who is well aware of the lack of treatment, but feels her role is to console the involved men, many of whom are her direct friends.'] ['The film is set in the fictional southern town of Brixton, Georgia, where young widow Annie Wilson , the mother of three young boys, is the resident "fortune-teller." The town is abuzz with the disappearance of Jessica King , the fiancée of Wayne Collins , the school\'s principal. As the search for Jessica begins, the local police and Jessica\'s father Kenneth King  enlist Annie\'s help to see if she can come up with a possible answer. Annie is unable to produce a vision, largely due to the presence of Pearl Johnson , the local sheriff who looks upon Annie\'s trade unfavorably. Annie later receives a vision that Jessica has been killed and her body weighed down by a chain and thrown into a pond. She also sees a fiddle player in the vision, white lilies and a split-rail fence. She returns to Johnson with her findings, and with the information, Johnson decides to search a pond at the home of Donnie Barksdale , a violent alcoholic. Barksdale\'s battered wife, Valerie , gives her permission for the search as Donnie is away fishing. Donnie returns while the search is proceeding. As the police are ready to give up on the search they find the nude and chained body of Jessica King. Donnie is immediately arrested. During his trial for Jessica\'s murder, it is revealed that Jessica and Barksdale had an affair, and Jessica\'s reputation for promiscuity is exposed in open court. The case against Barksdale is strengthened when a scratch on his forearm is proven to have been perpetrated by Jessica during a confrontation at a local bar. Annie also takes the stand, and though her psychic testimony is ridiculed by defense attorney Gerald Weems , Donnie is eventually convicted and sent to prison. A subplot reveals other examples of Annie\'s "gift". Buddy Cole  harbors an intense hatred for his father, and consistently has fits of seemingly unprovoked rage, including incidents with Annie and with Donnie Barksdale. Buddy tries to explain to Annie why he hates his father but Annie is preoccupied and doesn\'t want to listen to the panicky and vulgar Buddy. He asks "If I look into a blue diamond, will I die?" but doesn\'t elaborate. Unable to understand the question, Annie shrugs Buddy off. Soon after, Buddy\'s hysterical mother calls Annie to come to the house as Buddy has snapped and has his father bound to a chair. Buddy sets fire to his father, and as Annie tries to stop him, he shows her a blue diamond tattoo on his father\'s navel. It is revealed that Buddy\'s father took advantage of his son\'s fragile mental state to force him into fellatio. An ambulance takes Buddy\'s father away, while Buddy is taken to a mental hospital. Later, Annie receives another vision saying that Donnie is innocent. She asks District Attorney David Duncan  to reopen the case. Duncan refuses, but Annie counters that she will reveal Duncan\'s own involvement with Jessica King, as Annie had caught them making out in the women\'s toilet while at a local dance. Duncan offers her money to keep quiet, but Annie refuses, still wanting justice for Barksdale. Annie tells Principal Collins that Barksdale is not responsible for his fiancée\'s death and that DA Duncan will not reopen the investigation. After driving out to the pond that night with Collins, Annie realizes that Collins is the murderer. He confesses to Annie that he was angry after he discovered that she was cheating on him. Collins attempts to kill Annie, knowing that she\'ll go to the police. Just as he is about to land a fatal blow with a steel flashlight, Buddy Cole shows up and knocks Collins out. Sitting in the car at the pond, Buddy, uncharacteristically calm, returns a handkerchief that Annie had lent him earlier, and tells her that she is the heart and soul of the town and for her not to stop doing what she\'s doing. The two drive to the police station with Collins stowed in the trunk. Annie tells Buddy that he will have to return to the mental hospital, and he waits in the car while she goes inside to talk with Sheriff Johnson. When she goes out with the police to retrieve Collins from the trunk, Buddy has disappeared. When Annie explains to Johnson what happened at the pond, he informs her that Buddy Cole hanged himself at the mental hospital earlier that day. However, Annie still has her handkerchief that Buddy returned to her.'] ['It\'s the late 1980s and low-level mobster Giacomo "Jackie Dee" DiNorscio has just been shot by his junkie cousin Tony Compagna, but refuses to press charges against him to police. Jackie soon gets arrested and is sentenced to thirty years on an unrelated drug bust. Tony, afraid of reprisals from the extended mob family run by Nick Calabrese, agrees to be a government witness for district attorney Sean Kierney, who intends to bring down dozens of organized crime figures all at once. Kierney tries to bribe Jackie to be a government witness as well, but it\'s not in the gregarious Jackie\'s nature to be a rat. That sets in motion a massive court case where Jackie, Nick and dozens of other mobsters are tried together for a countless number of crimes in front of presiding Judge Sidney Finestein. Upset with his current lawyer, who couldn\'t even keep him from doing a 30-year stretch, Jackie turns down an offer to be represented by lead defense attorney Ben Klandis and decides to represent himself in court, despite having no legal background or any real knowledge of how to proceed. Jackie\'s mischievous and vulgar manner amuses the jury on occasions but persistently irritates the judge, lawyers, witnesses and defendants, including his friends from the mob. As weeks turn into months, the court case evolves into a marathon affair. Jackie turns the courtroom into something of a three-ring circus. Ben begins to believe that maybe Jackie could be effective, but Nick Calabrese is furious and Judge Finestein repeatedly threatens the charismatic mobster with contempt of court. Jackie\'s estranged wife, Bella, visits him in jail, where he is becoming increasingly frustrated. Guards spy on him and prosecuting attorneys remove his favorite chair, causing considerable pain to Jackie\'s injured back. He apologizes to the court and tries to mind his manners in the end. The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at least a week. However, the jury came to a decision after only 14 hours of deliberation. The jury reaches a verdict of not guilty. The entire courtroom reaches pandemonium as the family celebrates. The entire family hugs the jury as the jury is about to leave. Meanwhile, Jackie is the only one that returns to jail to finish his sentence. Jackie is welcomed as a hero in the correctional facility and the prisoners chant \'Jackie\' and extend their hands in tribute to the man who refused to compromise his family for his life.'] ['Ellen appears to have a happy marriage to David, although his frequent work-related absences are beginning to take a toll on her. While taking night school classes with her neighbor and best friend, Marge Bracken, she is introduced to Larry Retzliff. Ellen and Marge accept a ride home from Retzliff the same night while David is away. Once Ellen is in her apartment, Retzliff arrives claiming car trouble and asks to use the phone. When Ellen lets him in, he overpowers and rapes her. Unable to reach David by phone, and emotionally unable to report the crime, Ellen decides to put the attack behind her, and tries through three showers to literally wash away the rape. When David returns, she is still unable to get his attention long enough to tell him about the attack. Having had an anonymous blood test, Ellen makes a serious effort to forget the attack and resume her life. This attempt comes to a crashing halt four days after the initial attack in a parking garage when Retzliff, who has been waiting for Ellen behind the front seat of her car, rapes her again, this time beating her viciously. After reporting the attack, the treatment that Ellen receives from the police, doctors, and detectives is anything but sympathetic. While her attorney, Leonard Alexander, appears to have her best interests at heart, he clearly has his reservations: he is once heard commenting "Never try a rape case unless your victim is a 90-year-old nun with at least four stab wounds." Defending Retzliff is ruthless attorney Muriel Dyer, who bullies witnesses and Ellen herself on the stand, ultimately winning Retzliff an acquittal. Some time after the trial, he attempts to rape someone else. While trying to escape from the police, he is shot and wounded, and ends up pleading guilty to the rape and sentenced to prison. Ellen and David\'s marriage is strained by the events of the film, and they ultimately get a divorce.'] ['Mitch McDeere  is a young man with a promising future in law. About to graduate from Harvard Law School, he is approached by Bendini, Lambert & Locke, \'The Firm\', and made an offer he cannot refuse. He and his wife, Abigail "Abby" , move to Memphis, where The Firm is located. Avery Tolar  becomes his mentor at The Firm. Seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, including a house and car, he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. Then, two associates are murdered. The FBI contacts him, asking him for information and informing him that The Firm is connected to the mob, and that every associate who has ever tried to leave The Firm ends up murdered. His life as he knows it is forever changed. He has a choice: work with the FBI and risk being discovered by The Firm or losing his law license because he believes that attorney–client confidentiality prevents him from revealing the firm’s illegal activities to investigators, or stay with The Firm and both violate his personal code of ethics and go to jail when the FBI cracks The Firm. Either way he will lose his life as he knows it. Mitch devises a plan that allows him to cooperate with the FBI by finding proof that all partners from The Firm were guilty of overbilling, while at the same time reaching an agreement with the mob Morolto brothers. In addition he manages to do so without breaking any laws, thereby being able to keep his status as a lawyer. At the end of the film, the McDeeres leave their house in Memphis for Boston, driving the same car they arrived in.'] ["Paul Armstrong , a liberal Harvard professor opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded to go to Florida, to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson  for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, is a highly intelligent, charming, and articulate black man who was convicted of raping and murdering a young white girl. Armstrong must save him from being placed in the electric chair. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was tortured by a racist police detective to get a confession. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown , the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession. The plot thickens when Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan , a serial killer awaiting execution, who later reveals the location of the weapon used to kill the girl. When Armstrong discovers the weapon, Brown tries to threaten him into abandoning the investigation.  Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed from prison. Armstrong then receives a call from Sullivan, who asks him to visit his parents. Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies of Sullivan's parents, and returns demanding an explanation. Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder. It turns out that Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned, and used Armstrong to release him from death row. Armstrong and Brown go after Ferguson, who desires revenge on Armstrong's wife ; she was the prosecutor in a previous rape trial which, while thrown out of court, resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail, as well as being kicked out of Cornell, robbing him of any chance of a future. Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong's wife and daughter  and then feed them to alligators, but Armstrong and Brown come to the rescue. They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong's family."] ["It tells the story of a wealthy American businessman named Jack Moore  working in China and attempting to put together a satellite communications deal as part of a joint venture with the Chinese government. Before the deal goes through, he is framed for the murder of a powerful Chinese general's daughter, and the satellite contract is awarded to Moore's competitor, Gerhardt Hoffman. Moore's court-appointed lawyer Shen Yuelin, , initially does not believe his claims of innocence, but the pair gradually unearths further evidence that not only vindicates Moore but also implicates powerful figures within the Chinese central government administration, exposing undeniable conspiracy and corruption. Shen manages to convince several high-ranking Chinese officials to release evidence that proves Moore's innocence. Moore is quickly released from prison while the conspirators that framed him are arrested. At the airport, Moore asks Shen to leave China with him, but she decides to stay as there are many more things to change in China. However, she admits that meeting Moore has changed her life, and she considers him part of her family now. They both then share a heartfelt hug on the airport runway."] ['Tony Petrocelli is a Harvard-educated attorney of Italian heritage who practices in an unidentified part of the American Southwest. He works  at a frenetic pace, not only because he is a zealous advocate for his defendants  but because of the vast distances of western prairie he must cross in order to meet clients, investigate his cases and make court appointments. A big case lands in his lap when he is asked to defend a young, prosperous physician who expects to be charged with the bludgeoning murder of his socialite wife.'] ["Arthur Cartwright, an anxious man, goes to Perry Mason to have his neighbor arrested for his vindictive and noisy dog. He is under the belief that his howling is an indication that somebody has been murdered in the neighborhood. He demands that his will be written bequeathing the estate to the lady living at the neighbor's house. However, the will is mysteriously altered by an unknown person and Cartwright goes missing, along with the lady. It is up to Mason to investigate."] ['The story is about a lawsuit concerning injuries caused by a defective automobile. The suit takes on a personal dimension because the injured plaintiff\'s attorney, Jedediah Tucker Ward  discovers that the automobile manufacturer\'s attorney Maggie Ward  is his estranged daughter. The central premise of the film is roughly analogous to the controversy surrounding the Ford Pinto. Jedediah Ward is a liberal civil rights lawyer who has based his career on helping people avoid being taken for a ride by the rich and powerful; he\'s pursued principle at the expense of profit, though he has a bad habit of not following up on his clients after their cases are settled. Jed\'s daughter, Maggie, has had a bad relationship with her father ever since she discovered that he was cheating on her mother, Estelle , and while she also has made a career in law, she has taken a very different professional route by working for a high-powered corporate law firm and has adopted a conservative political agenda. Jed is hired to help field a lawsuit against a major auto manufacturer whose station wagons have a dangerous propensity to explode on impact while making a left turn, but while his research indicates he has an all but airtight case against them, the case becomes more complicated for him when he discovers that Maggie is representing the firm he\'s suing. The auto manufacturer in the film also utilizes a "bean-counting" approach to risk management, whereby the projections of actuaries for probable deaths and injured car-owners is weighed against the cost of re-tooling and re-manufacturing the car without the defect  with the resulting decision to keep the car as-is to positively benefit short term profitability.'] ['The Reader begins in 1995 Berlin, where Michael Berg , a lawyer, is preparing breakfast for a woman who spent the night with him. After she leaves, Michael watches an U-Bahn pass by, flashing back to a tram in 1958 Neustadt. A 15-year-old Michael  gets off because he feels sick and wanders the streets, pausing in the entryway of a nearby apartment building where he vomits. Hanna Schmitz , a tram conductor, comes in and helps him return home.  Michael, diagnosed with scarlet fever, rests at home for the next three months. After he recovers, he visits Hanna with flowers to thank her. The 36-year-old Hanna seduces him and they begin an affair. They spend much of their time together having sex in her apartment and Michael reading her literary works he is studying, such as Emilia Galotti, The Odyssey, The Lady with the Little Dog, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Tintin comic The Seven Crystal Balls. After a bicycling trip, Hanna learns she is being promoted to a clerical job at the tram company. She abruptly moves without telling Michael. The film switches to Michael at Heidelberg University law school in 1966. As part of a special seminar taught by Professor Rohl , a camp survivor, the students observe a trial  of several women accused of letting 300 Jewish women die in a burning church when they were SS guards on the death march following the 1944 evacuation of a concentration camp near Krakow. Hanna is one of the defendants. Stunned, Michael visits a former camp himself. The trial divides the students, with one angrily saying there is nothing to be learned from it other than that evil acts occurred and that the older generation of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to act then. The key evidence is the testimony of Ilana Mather , author of a memoir of how she and her mother, who also testifies, survived. Hanna, unlike her co-defendants, admits that Auschwitz was an extermination camp and that the ten women she chose during each month\'s Selektion were gassed. She denies authorship of a report on the church fire, despite pressure from the other defendants, but then admits it rather than complying with a demand to provide a handwriting sample. Michael then realizes Hanna\'s secret: she is illiterate and has concealed it her whole life. The other female guards who claim she wrote the report are lying to place responsibility on Hanna. Michael informs Rohl that he has information favorable to one of the defendants but is not sure what to do since the defendant herself chooses not to disclose the information. Rohl tells him that if he has learned nothing from the past there is no point in having the seminar. Hanna receives a life sentence for her admitted leadership role in the church deaths while the other defendants are sentenced to four years and three months each. Michael meanwhile marries, has a daughter and divorces. Retrieving his books from the time of the affair with Hanna, he begins reading them into a tape recorder. He sends the cassette tapes and a recorder to Hanna. Eventually, she begins to check the books out from the prison library and teaches herself to read and write by following along with Michael\'s tapes. She starts writing back to Michael in brief, childlike notes. Michael does not write back or visit, but keeps sending tapes, and in 1988 a prison official  telephones him to seek his help with Hanna\'s transition into society after her upcoming release. He finds a place for her to live and a job and finally visits Hanna a week before her release. In their meeting, Michael remains somewhat distant and confronts her about what she has learned from her past. Michael arrives at the prison on the date of Hanna\'s release with flowers. He discovers that Hanna hanged herself and left a tea tin with cash in it with a note asking Michael to give the cash and some money in a bank account to Ilana. Michael travels to New York. He meets Ilana  and confesses his relationship with Hanna. He tells her about the suicide note and Hanna\'s illiteracy. Ilana tells Michael there is nothing to be learned from the camps and refuses the money. Michael suggests that she donate the money to an organization that combats adult illiteracy, preferably a Jewish one. She wants him to take care of this instead, though she wryly notes "illiteracy isn\'t much of a Jewish problem." Ilana keeps the tea tin since it is similar to one stolen from her in Auschwitz. The film ends with Michael getting back together with his daughter Julia at Hanna\'s grave and beginning to tell her his story.'] ["Emma  is a 15-year-old girl who was raised by her grandfather, Clayton Hayes . She wants to know about her mother Angie Baker , who abandoned her when she was a baby. She decides to go visit her mother. While there, she meets a man named Ray Wilcox  who is attracted to her the minute he meets her. He keeps complimenting her until one night she goes out to dinner with him. He gives her too much champagne, then takes her to an abandoned room and rapes her. This results in Emma becoming pregnant. She tells her grandfather, who threatens to murder Ray. Then Ray starts to stalk her, which in turn ends up making her go into labor. Ray sues for sole custody of the baby; he wins the case, but Clayton kidnaps the baby. After becoming a fugitive, the police arrive at Emma's house along with Ray to get the baby. Emma tells them she doesn't have the baby and after persistent questioning and threatening from Ray, they leave. Clayton is assisted by various friends while on the run, including a minister. Clayton is forced to come out of hiding and seek a hospital when the baby's ever-declining health causes him to stop breathing. He is eventually found and Emma wins the custody fight on appeal and Clayton is granted custody of the baby. Ray comes back and tries to talk to Angie but Clayton interferes and sends him away. The end of the movie is Angie, Clayton, and Emma living together and taking care of the baby and Emma going to school."] ['In 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt  is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt  and his younger brother, Jimmy  run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. After Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off. Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure , a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy\'s help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman . In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati, but escapes jail time when the case is thrown out on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton , a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content. In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine. In 1983, Flynt undergoes surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. Flynt is soon in court again, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Jerry Falwell  tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel. By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt\'s courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.'] ['Divorced lawyer Rick Magruder  stumbles drunk out of a party hosted by his firm and has a chance meeting with a woman named Mallory Doss , a waitress at the party who seems to have lost her car. Rick drives the woman to her home, where her car has been already parked, seemingly by her father, Dixon Doss . Rick and Mallory walk into the house arguing. Mallory carelessly undresses in front of him, after which they spend the night together. Later in the day, Mallory asks him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior. Now obsessed with Mallory and willing to do anything for her, Rick is successful in having Dixon put on trial and sent to a mental institution. But when he is freed, Rick must protect himself and his children from the danger he has brought into his life.'] ['Following the murder of Diana Floss  in a restaurant robbery, her fiancé Joe Nast  elects to stay with her parents. Her father Ben Floss  is a realtor whose partner has recently left. Ben and Joe go into business as Floss & Son, as this was their plan before Diana\'s death. Joe goes to the post office to retrieve all the invitations that had been sent out for his and Diana\'s wedding, and with the help of Bertie Knox  he retrieves seventy four of seventy five. She finds the last invitation and takes it to his house later that night. He drops her off at a local bar, and returns home, despite her inviting him in for a drink. Joe and Ben attend a local property fair, and Ben pitches the idea of redeveloping a block in the town to developer Mike Mulcahey . Mulcahey agrees, but they need to get all the tenants to agree. Diana\'s friends come round to look through her possessions, much to the consternation of her mother Jojo . They then take Joe out for a drink at the same bar Bertie went into the previous night. Joe puts "Moonlight Mile" on the jukebox and Bertie dances with him, to jealous looks from Diana\'s friends. Joe convinces Ben to let him talk to the bar\'s owner to convince them to sell. He asks the bartender who owns the bar, but the bartender does not give him the information. Feeling trapped at the Floss home, Joe goes to see Bertie and they sleep together. He leaves early the next morning. Ben is frustrated at the lack of progress and goes to the bar to see the owner, where he meets Bertie and tells her about Diana. Bertie finds Joe and confronts him; he confesses to her that he had split up with Diana three days before she was killed. Bertie tells Joe about her boyfriend, the owner of the bar, who is lost in Vietnam. Joe goes to dinner at the Mulcahey\'s, where Mike\'s wife rudely presumes aloud that she thought Joe was not still tied up with thoughts of his fiancee\'s murder. Joe states that this is not the case, completely upsetting the mood at the dinner table. This causes Mike to call Ben and call off the deal. The family attends the trial of Diana\'s murderer. However the murderer\'s wife elicits sympathy from the jury, and the prosecutor, Mona Camp , asks Joe to testify and help the jury gain sympathy for Diana. While on the witness stand, Joe confesses that he and Diana had split and that they remained friends but were no longer getting married. Ben and Jojo are happy with the confession and gain closure. Joe symbolically writes 75 letters expressing his newfound clarity about what course his life ought to take and places them in mailboxes around town, hoping that one will get to Bertie. Ben closes the shop, Jojo resumes her writing career, Bertie sells the bar, and she and Joe leave town.'] ['The film begins in the depths of the schooner La Amistad, a slave-ship carrying captured West Africans into slavery. The film\'s protagonist, Sengbe Pieh , most known by his Mende name, "Cinqué" , painstakingly picks a nail out of the ship\'s structure and uses it to pick the lock on his shackles. Freeing a number of his companions, Cinquè initiates a rebellion on board the storm-tossed vessel. In the ensuing fighting, several Africans and most of the ship\'s crew are killed, except Ruiz and Montez, the owners of the ship, who the Africans believe can sail them back to West Africa. After six weeks have passed, the ship is running out of food and fresh water, and Cinquè is growing angry with Yamba who believes keeping the Spaniards alive is the only way to get back to Africa. The next day, they sight land. Unsure of their location, a group of them take one of the ship\'s boats to shore to fetch fresh water. While there, La Amistad is found by a military vessel bearing an American flag — the Spaniards have tricked the Africans by sailing directly for the United States. Captured by the Americans, the Amistad Africans are taken to a municipal jail in New Haven, Connecticut, where the ship\'s occupants, and a tearful Cinquè, are thrown into a grim dungeon, awaiting trial. The film\'s focus now shifts to Washington,\xa0D.C., introducing John Quincy Adams , the elderly former President and sitting member of the U.S. House of Representatives. While strolling in the gardens, Adams is introduced to two of the country\'s leading abolitionists: the elderly freed slave Theodore Joadson  and Christian activist Lewis Tappan , both of whom are leading shipping magnates in New England and co-proprietors of the pro-abolitionist newssheet "The Emancipator". The two have heard of the plight of the Amistad Africans and attempt to enlist Adams to help their cause. Adams, apparently verging on senility, refuses to help, claiming that he neither condemns nor condones slavery. News of the Amistad incident also reaches the current President of the United States, Martin Van Buren , who is bombarded with demands for compensation from the Spanish Queen Isabella II . At a preliminary hearing in a district court, the Africans are charged with "insurrection on the high seas", and the case rapidly dissolves into conflicting claims of property ownership from the Kingdom of Spain, the United States, the owners of the slaves and of La Amistad, and the American captain and first mate of the vessel responsible for re-capturing the slave-ship. Aware that they cannot fight the case on moral grounds, the two abolitionists enlist the help of a young attorney specializing in property law: Roger Sherman Baldwin . At the jail, Baldwin and the abolitionists, along with Josiah Willard Gibbs,\xa0Sr., a professor of linguistics, attempt to talk to the Amistad Africans, but neither side is able to understand anything the other party says. In the prison, events among the Africans are accelerating. Yamba, Cinquè\'s apparent rival for authority amongst the Africans, has become interested in Christianity, what he thinks is the way things happen spiritually and is now resigned to his death, believing that execution will send them to a pleasant afterlife. The death of one of the Africans provokes them into a furious demonstration against the American authorities, screaming and chanting in their native language. As the hearings drag on, Baldwin and Joadson approach Adams for advice. Adams advises them that, in court, the side with the best story usually wins. He then asks them what their story is. Unable to answer, they decide that their priority must be to find a way to communicate with the Africans. They begin to walk round the city docks, counting numbers in the Mende language. They find a black sailor in the Royal Navy, James Covey . Using Covey as a translator, Baldwin and his companions are able to talk to Cinquè. In his first speaking role in the courtroom, Cinquè, through a series of flashbacks, tells the haunting story of how he became a slave. Cinquè, a peasant farmer and young husband and father in West Africa, was kidnapped by African slave-hunters and taken to the slave fortress of Lomboko, an illegal facility in the British protectorate of Sierra Leone. There, he and hundreds of other captured Africans were loaded onto the transatlantic slave-ship . Cinquè tells of the various horrors of the Middle Passage, including frequent rape, horrific torture and random executions carried out by the crew including the deaths of fifty people deliberately drowned by being thrown in the ocean. Upon their arrival in Cuba, Cinquè was sold at a slave market and purchased, along with many other Tecora survivors, by the owners of La Amistad. Once aboard La Amistad, Cinquè was able to free himself of his shackles and began the slaves\' rebellion for freedom. The courtroom drama continues as District Attorney William S. Holabird  and Secretary of State John Forsyth  press their case for property rights and dismiss Cinquè\'s story as a mere piece of fiction. While exploring the impounded vessel La Amistad for much-needed evidence to support the Africans\' claims, Baldwin happens upon a notebook, stuffed into a crevice by Ruiz and Montez to conceal the evidence of illegal slave-trading. Using the book as hard evidence of illegal trading, Baldwin calls expert witnesses including Captain Fitzgerald , a British naval officer assigned to patrol the West African coastline to enforce the British Empire\'s anti-slavery policies. As Fitzgerald is cross-examined by the haughty Holabird, tension in the courtroom rises, ultimately prompting Cinquè to leap from his seat and cry "Give us free" over and over, a heartfelt plea using the English he has learned. Cinquè\'s plea touches many, including the judge and in a court ruling, Judge Coglin  dismisses all claims of ownership. He then rules that the Africans were captured illegally and were not born on plantations; orders the arrest of the Amistads owners on charges of slave-trading; and authorizes the United States to convey the Amistad Africans back to Africa at the expense of the nation. While Cinquè, Joadson, Baldwin, and the jubilant Africans celebrate their victory, a state dinner at the White House threatens to overturn the ruling. While conversing with the Spanish Ambassador to Washington, Senator John C. Calhoun  launches into a damning diatribe aimed at President Van Buren, emphasizing the economic importance of slaves in the South, and ends his tirade with a concealed but clear threat that should the government set a precedent for abolition by releasing the Amistad Africans, the South will have little choice but to go to war with the North. With his advisors warning that the Amistad incident could bring the United States one big step closer to civil war, President Van Buren orders that the case be submitted to the Supreme Court, dominated by its Southern slave-owning judges. Furious, Mr. Tappan splits with Joadson and Baldwin, who break the news to an enraged and disgusted Cinquè. In need of an ally with legal background in the intricacies of Supreme Court workings, Baldwin and Joadson meet again with John Quincy Adams, who has been following the case carefully. Adams, aware that Cinquè is now refusing to talk to Baldwin, invites the African leader to his home. While Adams gives him a rambling tour of his greenhouse, Cinquè\'s emotional reaction to seeing an African violet, native to his homeland, convinces Adams to assist the case. During preparations for the Supreme Court hearing, Cinquè tells Adams that he is invoking the spirits of his ancestors. This makes a strong impression upon Adams, presumably because he thinks of his own father, President John Adams, one of America\'s founding fathers. At the Supreme Court, John Quincy Adams gives a long and passionate speech in defense of the Africans. He argues that if Cinquè were white and had rebelled against the British, the United States would have exalted him as a hero; and that the Africans\' rebellion to gain their freedom was no different to the Americans\' rebellion against their oppressors some seventy years earlier. Arguing that condemning the Amistad Africans would render the principles and ideals of the Constitution worthless, he exhorts the judges to free the Africans. He tells the court how, before the hearing, his client invoked the spirit of his ancestors. Adams then invokes the spirits of America\'s founding fathers, including his own father. In a poignant shot, the camera frames Adams with the marble bust of his father behind him. Adams invokes the Declaration of Independence. He concludes by arguing that, if a verdict in his favor should hasten a civil war, that war will simply be the final battle of the American Revolution. His case made, the United States awaits the Supreme Court\'s ruling. On the day of judgment, Justice Joseph Story  announces the Supreme Court\'s decision on the case. Because the Amistad Africans were illegally kidnapped from their homes in Africa, United States laws on slave ownership do not apply. Furthermore, since that was the case, the Amistad Africans were within their rights to use force to escape their confinement. The Supreme Court authorizes the release of the Africans and their conveyance back to Africa, if they so wish. Legally freed for the second and final time, Cinquè bids emotional farewells to his companions; shaking Adams\'s hand, giving Joadson his lion tooth which is his only memento of Africa and thanking Baldwin in English and in Mende. The end of the film depicts various scenes. Royal Marines assault the Lomboko Slave Fortress, killing the slavers and freeing the kidnapped Africans held within the dungeons. With the fortress evacuated, Captain Fitzgerald, orders his warship of the Royal Navy\'s West Africa Anti-Slavery Squadron to open fire on the facility thus destroying it. Interspersed with this are scenes of Martin Van Buren losing his election campaign, Isabella II learning of the Africans\' release and the Battle of Atlanta from the American Civil War. The final scenes depict Cinquè and the freed Africans returning to Africa, dressed in white, the West African color of victory, and accompanied by James Covey. A postscript informs viewers that Cinquè returned to find his country in civil war and his wife and child missing, probably sold into slavery.'] ["Oliver Wyatt  lives with his mother Hannah Wyatt  and her live-in boyfriend Frank Donally  and spends occasional afternoons with his father Martyn Wyatt . After Oliver suffers a series of mysterious physical injuries, on which he vaguely blames neighbordhood bullies, suspicions are raised by his General practitioner father against Hannah's boyfriend, Frank. While Martyn becomes firmly convinced Frank is abusing his son, Oliver maintains a silence about the true source of his injuries, and Hannah refuses to believe Frank could be abusing her son. Martyn begins court proceedings to gain sole custody of Oliver, though his homosexual relationship with Tom Dixon  is brought as evidence by Hannah's lawyer of the unsuitability of Martyn's home. Only after she catches Frank abusing Oliver does Hannah accept that her boyfriend is the source of Oliver's injuries, though she is swayed by Frank's pleas and agrees to remain quiet about the issue and promises Oliver that the abuse will end. In the climactic scene, Oliver attacks Frank and is saved from a terrible beating by his father, Martyn, who instead receives Frank's wrath. As Frank's savagery is witnessed not only by Hannah, Oliver, and Tom, but by Hannah's neighbors as well , the film ends with Hannah visiting Oliver, who now resides with his father, and asking him if he'd like to return to her home on occasion, now that Frank no longer lives with her.  Her request is met with stony silence from Oliver."] ['Dan Cutler, the head of an advertising agency, invites his colleagues to a whitewater rafting trip. The invitation feels more like an order to some, Cutler considering the outing a test of his employees\' confidence, courage and skills. Tragedy occurs along Canada\'s "white mile," when a canoe capsizes and several of Cutler\'s companions are swept away by the raging current. Some die, and Cutler becomes at odds with one of his top executives over how the aftermath should be portrayed to authorities and to relatives who are suing the company.'] ['Defense attorney Anne Talbot learns that her father, Hungarian immigrant Michael J. Laszlo, is in danger of having his American citizenship revoked. The reasons are that he stands accused of war crimes committed during World War II. He insists that it is a case of mistaken identity. Against the advice of both the prosecutor and her former father-in-law, Harry Talbot, Anne resolves to defend her father. One of her reasons is how deeply her son, Mikey, loves and admires his grandfather. According to prosecuting attorney Jack Burke of the Office of Special Investigations, Michael Laszlo is not, as he claims, a simple political refugee, regular churchgoer, and family man. Rather, he is "Mishka," the former commander of a death squad linked to the Hungary\'s Fascist and racist Arrow Cross Party. During the Siege of Budapest, Mishka and his unit tortured and murdered scores of Hungarian Jews, Gypsies, and many others with psychopathic glee. To Anne, these allegations are absurd. The affectionate single father who raised her could not possibly have committed such crimes. In light of the accusations, the city of Chicago is divided. Laszlo\'s supporters, ranging from friends and family to those who deny the Holocaust, are pitted against those who believe in his guilt and seek to harass him. A photo of Laszlo shielding his grandson from protesters works in his favor. At the same time, the trial puts a great deal of stress on Anne, and she begins to quarrel more with Burke, even going so far as to imply his guilt in the recent death of his wife. Meanwhile, digging into her father\'s accounts reveals large payments to a fellow Hungarian immigrant named Tibor. Mike claims these were loans to help him when he entered the US, which Tibor was unable to repay before his death. As a denaturalization hearing unfolds, the crimes of "Mishka" are described in gruesome testimony by the few who survived contact with him. As a result, the case pivots on an Arrow Cross identification card that bears Laszlo\'s name. An expert from the FBI initially confirms its authenticity. Laszlo on the other hand claims that this is a conspiracy by the People\'s Republic of Hungary and its secret police, the ÁVH. He says their reasons are retaliation for his protest against the visit of a government-run Hungarian ballet troupe several years earlier. In rebuttal, Anne locates a KGB defector who testifies about the ability of the Soviet Union to produce similar forgeries and their use to frame anti-communists in the West. The defector further explains that such knowledge was shared with a very interested Hungarian government. This revelation, combined with Anne\'s throwing into question the reliability of any witness living under an oppressive Communist government, again throws the defendant\'s guilt into doubt. At this impasse, Burke announces that there is a witness who can prove that Mike Laszlo and "Mishka" are the same person; due to his medical condition he is incapable of leaving Budapest. Anne, Burke, and the judge travel to Hungary, but Laszlo declines to go, claiming that the Hungarian government will murder him and make it look like an accident. Before Anne leaves, her legal assistant brings more details about the man to whom Laszlo had made payments, revealing that Tibor had died in a hit-and-run car accident and that she believes he was blackmailing Mike Laszlo. She gives Anne his sister\'s address in Budapest and urges Anne to seek the truth, but Anne shrugs her off. The night she arrives in Budapest, Anne is visited by a stranger who claims to be a friend of her father. He talks with her briefly, then leaves a box with a hidden folder of documents. The next day at the hospital, after hearing some damning evidence from the witness, Anne produces these documents—signed affidavits made by the witness and stating at different times that completely different men were "Mishka." In light of this evidence, and despite protests from both Burke and the witness, the Jewish judge dismisses the matter. Anne, elated, brushes off Burke\'s accusations that she is living in a fantasy world and begins her trip back home. Riding back to the hotel, she suddenly directs her driver to take her out at the bridge in Budapest where the atrocities her father was alleged to have assisted in occurred, and after contemplating the scene, travels to the address she received from her assistant. Introducing herself as someone who had known her brother, Tibor, Anne is welcomed warmly by his elderly sister. As they converse, the woman mentions that the only thing of Tibor\'s that she has is his wallet, sent from America. She produces from it a piece of paper that she does not understand. Anne informs her that it is a pawn shop ticket and the woman implores her to retrieve whatever Tibor pawned and to send it to her, as she has so little by which to remember her brother. As soon as she returns to America, Anne retrieves the item, which turns out to be the titular music box. Anne winds it up and watches it go, taken in by its charm. Then, Anne weeps inconsolably as the music box dispenses photos of her father enthusiastically torturing and murdering Jews. Anne goes to Mikey\'s birthday party, her first thought being to get her son away from his murderous grandfather. When her father walks into the room, she confronts him. Even in the face of the overwhelming evidence, her father continues to deny his crimes, chalking it up to a conspiracy by the ÁVH, claiming they have poisoned her against him. Anne also accuses him of the hit and run which killed Tibor. Calmly, her father responds, "No. He was a friend." Sickened, Anne calls her father a monster, says that she never wants to see him again, and that she doesn\'t want him anywhere near Mikey. However, her father calmly explains that his grandson would never believe such things about him. Much to Anne\'s distress, he then goes directly out to play with Mikey. Anne is then seen typing a letter to Jack Burke and enclosing the damning photos and negatives. Soon after, Anne picks up a newspaper from her doorstep which bears the headline, "Mike Laszlo: War Criminal! Justice Department Releases Atrocity Photos." The film fades out as Anne comforts her son.'] ["The film begins with headlines stating that 15-year-old Danielle Miller  has murdered a man, who was the latest lover of her mother Valerie Hayden . Danny's father, Luke Miller  describes the events that led to the tragedy. Near the end of World War II, Army Air Forces hero Miller is in San Francisco for a parade in his honor, and meets Valerie Hayden at an art show where one of her works is being exhibited. He is invited to dinner by Valerie' mother, Mrs. Gerald Hayden , who offers him a job and dowry as an enticement for him to marry Valerie. He storms from the house but is followed by Valerie who says she is unable to go against her mother's wishes but that she admires him for having refused her. A relationship develops and the two marry, although a former suitor, Sam Corwin  predicts that the marriage will fail. As time passes, Luke Miller becomes a successful architect and refuses another offer of employment from his mother-in-law, however the influential and vindictive Mrs. Hayden uses her contacts in the banking industry to ensure that Miller is refused loans to help him build his business. He relents and accepts a position in Mrs. Hayden's company. Their daughter, Dani, is born but the relationship of the couple begins to deteriorate with Miller declining into alcoholism, and Valerie indulging in a promiscuous lifestyle. The marriage ends when Miller actually finds her having sex with another man and Mrs. Hayden insists she divorce him. Years pass and Dani eventually becomes her mother's rival for the same man. Back in the present, Danny claims that she was defending Valerie against attack, and when the case is brought to court, a verdict of justifiable homicide is ruled. An investigation into where to place Dani begins, but neither investigator Marian Spicer  nor psychiatrist Dr. Jennings  can persuade Dani to open up about her feelings. When Mrs. Hayden petitions for custody of Dani and she still refuses to reveal herself, Valerie reveals that Danny was trying to kill her, and that the man was only killed when he tried to defend Valerie. Valerie returns home and commits suicide, and after her death Luke Miller tries to help Dani rebuild her life.{{cite book}}"] ["Chris McCormick  is a highly paid fashion model whose image serves as the driving force of the ad campaign for a popular brand of lipstick and can be seen in magazines and on billboards all around the world. Gordon Stuart , a part-time composer and full-time music teacher, eagerly accepts Chris’s 13-year-old sister Kathy’s  invitation to come to a secluded beachside photo shoot, so Chris can listen to some of his music. But Chris is too busy to give any of her time to Gordon and suggests that they meet another day at the apartment she shares with Kathy. Gordon agrees and shows up at the apartment at the date and time that she mentioned. Even though Chris has clearly forgotten about the invitation, she lets him in and politely sits down as he plays her a tape of one of his compositions. What she hears is not easy on her ears, but she smiles as it plays and pretends to appreciate it until a phone call from her lover, Steve Edison , thankfully interrupts them and allows her to escape to her room, away from the noise and the very creepy Gordon. As Chris talks to Steve, Gordon begins to fume at the thought of Chris’ obvious rejection. His hurt soon turns to anger and he enters her room and smashes a picture of her brother Martin , a priest, before throwing himself on top of her. During Chris's struggle to fight him off, Gordon slams her head against one of her bedposts and screams at her to show him where she keeps the lipstick that her face sells to the public. When she tells him it's in her bathroom, he takes her in there and smears it across her face, then forces her to perform fellatio on him to leave the traces of the lipstick on his genitalia. Returning her to her bed, he ties her down with silk scarves, and anally rapes her to the accompaniment of his discordant compositions. Near the end of the ordeal, Kathy returns home from school and walks in on Chris and Gordon, who Kathy has a crush on, together in bed -- hurt and embarrassed, Kathy runs out before they see her, and before she can tell what's really going on. Chris hears her leave, and asks Gordon to untie her. He gets up and suggests calling Kathy in to join them and “Have some fun,” but he instead cuts Chris free and leaves. Chris gets up, finds Kathy, and after telling her what really happened, Chris calls the police. Gordon is arrested, but as Chris learns from Carla Bondi , the prosecutor assigned to handle the case, Gordon's conviction is hardly a sure thing. Only two out of 100 rapists serve any jail time, and only 10,000 out of the 50,000 rapes that occur each year in California are reported to the police. If Chris wants justice, she’ll have to testify, and that could mean subjecting herself to a kind of abuse as terrible as the rape itself. Despite Steve’s fears of what a trial could do to her career, Chris agrees to testify passionately, informing everyone in the room that “I want him to die in jail! I want them to do it to him in jail!” Unfortunately for Chris, Carla’s worst fears are all realized. Gordon's attorney argues that the sex was consensual, and that its roughness was the result of Chris's own twisted desires and not Gordon's. He also suggests that even if Gordon acted without her consent, she provoked him by appearing naked in front of him at the photo shoot where they first met, and by the inherent sensuality of the photographs from which she makes her living. To Chris's enormous shock, the jury buys that logic and votes to acquit. Gordon walks out of the courthouse a free man. Not long after that, Chris learns that Steve, who works for the cosmetics company she poses for, has decided to “cool down” their ad campaign, meaning that she's been abandoned by Steve, and is soon going to be out of work. Not knowing what else to do, Chris decides to move to Colorado with Kathy as soon she finishes what is to be her last photo shoot. But by a terrible coincidence, Kathy’s old school is using the same building Chris’s shoot is in to rehearse the new ballet being orchestrated by Gordon. As Chris poses in a red sequined gown, Kathy runs into Gordon, who -- despite her protestations to the contrary -- a part of her still believes is innocent of what Chris accused him of. Kathy soon learns, however, that Chris wasn’t lying when Gordon’s intentions become sinister, and he starts chasing her throughout the nearly abandoned building. Eventually, he catches her, starts tearing at her clothes and rapes her. When Gordon is done with her, Kathy stumbles to the photo shoot and tells Chris what happened. Knowing she absolutely cannot trust the system to do what's right, Chris -- still wearing the red gown -- runs outside to her vehicle and grabs a pump-action shotgun that she had intended to take to Colorado with her. Chris spots Gordon driving his car in the parking lot, and shoots at it. Gordon is hit by a bullet. He tries running Chris over, but the car swirls and overturns on its side. With difficulty, Gordon climbs out of the car, and Chris shoots him in his chest, shoulder and stomach. Gordon falls out of the car. Chris comes near to the place where Gordon is writhing in pain. Convulsing, he tries hard getting up, but Chris shoots him between his legs, killing him instantly. Even after his death, Chris keeps shooting, while being haunted by the dirty memories of her ugly rape. Within seconds, the police arrive and arrest Chris. Later, Carla Bondi speaks to a jury, telling them that their acquittal of the devillish Gordon earlier resulted in Chris losing faith in the law and in order for the Los Angeles department of justice to not appear appallingly incompetent they have to acquit Chris. The Jury ultimately finds Chris not guilty."] ['Anna Dunlap , is a piano teacher who works part-time at a college laboratory and a recent divorcee who has custody of a four-year-old daughter. She meets and falls in love with Leo , a sculptor who helps her to find true passion and fulfillment. But her sexual liberation comes at a very high cost: her ex-husband Brian  questions her new lifestyle. Worse, he accuses Leo of sexually molesting Molly and sues Anna for custody of their daughter.'] ['Rachel Lapp , a young Amish widow, and her 8-year-old son Samuel  are traveling by train to visit Rachel\'s sister. At the 30th Street Station in Philadelphia, Samuel inadvertently sees two men brutally murder a third. Captain John Book  is the policeman assigned to the case. Samuel witnessed the murder, a slashing, in the restroom and escaped the killers\' detection by hiding in a stall. Book and his partner, Sergeant Eldon Carter , question Samuel. He is unable to identify the perpetrator from mug shot photographs or a police lineup, but notices a newspaper clipping at the police station with a picture of highly regarded narcotics officer James McFee  and recognizes him as one of the killers. Book remembers that McFee was previously responsible for a drug raid where evidence had mysteriously disappeared from the police department. Book confides his suspicions to his superior officer, Chief Paul Schaeffer , who advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to move forward with it. As Book returns home, he is confronted by McFee in a parking garage and badly wounded in the ensuing gunfight before McFee escapes. Since only Schaeffer had been told, Book realizes Schaeffer must have warned McFee and is also corrupt. Book calls Carter and orders him to remove the Lapp file from the records. Book then hides his Dodge and uses his sister\'s VW to return Rachel and Samuel to Lancaster County. After the Lapp\'s safe arrival in rural Pennsylvania, Book collapses from loss of blood in his vehicle in front of the Lapp farm. Impressing upon them that hospitalization will allow the corrupt officers to find him, Book is gradually tended back to health by the Amish. As Book heals, he begins to develop feelings for Rachel. The Lapps\' neighbor, Daniel Hochleitner  had himself hoped to court her and this becomes a cause of friction. Later Rachel and John are caught dancing—an affront to the conservative Amish way of life. Rachel’s father-in-law, Eli, takes her aside and warns that if she continues she could be shunned  by the community. Rachel, in turn, feels she has done nothing wrong. The corrupt officers intensify their efforts to find Book, who is informed via a call from a payphone that Carter has been killed. While still in town, Hochleitner and the other Amish men are harassed by local punks. Breaking with the Amish tradition of nonviolence, Book retaliates. The fight gets noticed by the local townspeople and is reported to the police. The news reaches Schaeffer. John subsequently comes upon Rachel as she bathes, and she stands half-naked without shame before him. He walks away without a word. Soon after, the two realize they are in love, but because of the publicity the fight has gotten, Book knows he must leave. Upset, Rachel removes her bonnet, and she and John run to one another, embracing with a passionate kiss. McFee, Schaeffer, and "Fergie" Ferguson , the second killer at the train station, arrive at the Lapp farm with pump action shotguns. Book, unarmed and in the barn with Samuel, orders Samuel to run to the neighbors for safety. The trio split up and search for Book. John tricks Fergie into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn. He retrieves Fergie\'s shotgun and kills McFee. A crazed Schaeffer then forces Rachel and Eli out of the house at gunpoint; Eli signs to Samuel  to ring the warning bell. Although Schaeffer briefly forces Book to surrender to him, the loud clanging summons all other Amish within earshot. With so many witnesses present it is clear to Schaeffer that he cannot escape, and he gives up. As Schaeffer is taken by local police and Book prepares to leave, he shares a quiet moment with Samuel, then exchanges a silent, loving gaze with Rachel. Eli bids Book goodbye for his return to Philadelphia, saying "You be careful out among the English [i.e., non-Amish]", as he had said to Rachel at the beginning of the film, and showing Book that he now respects him like the people of his own faith. As Book drives away from the Lapp farm, he passes Hochleitner, presumably on his way to court Rachel, and exchanges an amicable wave of farewell.'] ["Miami liquor wholesaler Michael Gallagher  is the son of a deceased criminal who awakes one day to find himself a front-page story in the local newspaper, indicating that he is being investigated in the disappearance and presumed murder of a local longshoreman union official, Joey Diaz. The story was written by Miami Standard newspaper reporter Megan Carter , who reads it from a file, left intentionally, on the desktop of federal prosecutor Elliot Rosen . As it turns out, Rosen is trying to squeeze Gallagher for information. Gallagher comes to the newspaper's office trying to discover the basis for the story, but Carter does not reveal her source. Gallagher's business is shut down by union officials who are now suspicious of him, having been implicated in Diaz's murder. Local crime boss Malderone, Gallagher's uncle, has him followed, just in case he talks to the government. Teresa Peron , a lifelong friend of Gallagher, tells the reporter that Gallagher couldn't have killed Diaz because he was taking her out of town for an abortion on that weekend. A devout Catholic, she doesn't want Carter to reveal this publicly but Carter prints the story anyway. When the paper comes out the next morning, Peron is so ashamed, she steals newspapers from the yards of her neighbors. The paper's editor McAdam tells Carter that Peron has committed suicide. Carter goes to Gallagher to apologize, but an enraged Gallagher assaults her. Nevertheless, she attempts to make it up to him by revealing Rosen's role in the investigation. Gallagher hatches a plan for revenge. He arranges a secret meeting with District Attorney Quinn, offering to use his organized-crime contacts to give Quinn exclusive information on Diaz's murder, in exchange for the D.A. calling off the investigation and issuing a public statement clearing him. Both before his meeting with Quinn and after Quinn's public statement, Gallagher makes significant anonymous contributions to one of Quinn's political action committee backers. Gallagher, thankful for Carter's help, also begins a love affair with her. Rosen is mystified by Quinn's exoneration of Gallagher, so he places phone taps on both and begins a surveillance of their movements. He and federal agent Bob Waddell obtain evidence of Gallagher's donations to Quinn's political committee. They also find out about Gallagher and Carter's relationship. Waddell, as a friend, warns Carter about the investigation to keep her out of trouble but she breaks the story that the office of the district attorney  is investigating Gallagher's attempt to bribe the D.A. The story makes the front page again and causes a huge uproar. The US Assistant Attorney General Wells  ultimately calls all of the principals together. He discovers that Rosen illegally leaked information about the investigation into Gallagher's activities to the press, and fires him, and suggests that Quinn resign.  Wells apparently is well-aware that Gallagher set Quinn up, but cannot prove it, so he does not investigate further. The newspaper prints a story  revealing the entire truth about the incidents. It is unclear whether or not Carter keeps her job, or whether or not Carter's relationship with Gallagher will continue, but the final scene shows them having a friendly conversation on the wharf where Gallagher's boat is docked."] ["In the eight years since the series ended, founding senior partner Leland McKenzie has retired and left Douglas Brackman Jr. as the senior managing partner. New employees to the firm are Brackman's over-achieving son, Jason, who's at odds with his father, and ambitious, conniving associate Chloe Carpenter, who's at odds with others. Former partner Michael Kuzak, now retired and a successful restaurant owner, is called back to help stop the impending execution of a former client. The opposing counsel is Kuzak's old flame Grace Van Owen, who has now been promoted to District Attorney. Meanwhile, divorce lawyer Arnie Becker deals with a really tough divorce: his own. Arnie's estranged young wife has hired former McKenzie Brackman lawyer Abby Perkins. Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex-husband, Dave Meyer, who claims that he's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her. Also, married partners Ann Kelsey and Stuart Markowitz find themselves the victims of a scam artist."] ['A family traveling through New Salem, Illinois in their wagon need groceries from Lincoln\'s store and the only thing of value they have that he\'ll take in exchange is a law book. After thoroughly reading the book, Abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, Ann Rutledge . Too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in Springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend John Stuart . At a July 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl: the accused are two brothers. Lincoln prevents the lynching of the two accused at the jail, inter alia by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. Admiring his courage, Mary Todd  -- later to be his wife—invites Lincoln to her sister\'s soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. The key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. The family and Lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other\'s conviction. But Lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an Almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. He then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself. A scene cut from the film involved Lincoln meeting a very young John Wilkes Booth, his future assassin. The film has as its basis the murder case involving William "Duff" Armstrong, which took place in 1858 at the courthouse in Beardstown, Illinois -- the only courthouse where Lincoln practiced law that is still in use.'] ['Angela Delvecchio  is a shy high school sophomore who aspires to be popular, beautiful and perfect in everything. She performs well academically in school and sets high goals for herself. She idolizes Stacy Lockwood , who is the most popular girl at school, as well as a cheerleader. One of the reasons why Angela admires Stacey is because one of Angela\'s goals is to become a cheerleader. When Angela is accepted into the "Larks," the school\'s popular clique, she tries to forge a friendship with the snobbish and conceited Stacy, who rejects her. Angela then further suffers being rejected for a coveted position on the yearbook staff. Furthermore, she is not successful in her audition for the cheerleading squad. Angela is humiliated and feels like a failure. Still determined to be friends with Stacy, she calls Stacy\'s mother and anonymously invites her to a party under the guise of there being a special dinner for the Larks. Once Stacy gets in the car with Angela, she reveals that the "dinner" story was a lie she told Stacy\'s mother so she would be allowed to meet Angela. Infuriated, Stacy demands to be taken home. Angela tries to explain how much she admires Stacy and wants to be like her, but Stacy is less than sympathetic. Unmoved, she calls Angela "pathetic" and exits the car, stating that everyone in school will now laugh at Angela. Stacy then runs to a nearby house, where she asks to use the telephone, explaining that the friend she was with had \'gotten a little weird,\' and manages to get a ride home. Angela follows the car back to Stacy\'s home, and out of fear that Stacy will spread rumors about her, Angela stabs Stacy multiple times and leaves her for dead. Angela avoids capture in the weeks following the incident. Although Angela is interviewed by the police, she is not named as a suspect. Most of the students blame one of their classmates, Monica, for Stacy\'s murder. At first, no one suspects Angela because she is seemingly too nice to commit a crime. Furthermore, one of Stacy\'s friends tells Angela that no one really liked Stacy, but that they were only afraid of her. As her junior year begins, Angela becomes more involved with the community, taking up such activities as peer counseling and candy striping. Overwhelmed by Stacy\'s murder, one of the Larks brings up the idea of disbanding. Determined not to let this happen, Angela argues that they should remain active, noting that the group was not only important to Stacy, but also to the various community activities in which they take part. This idea not only saves the Larks, but also wins Angela the position of secretary/treasurer. In the meantime, a harassment campaign is waged against Monica until she finally leaves the school. At this point, authorities resume their investigation and begin re-interviewing possible suspects, including Angela. With the authorities slowly closing in on her, she becomes more and more consumed by her guilt, until she finally confesses to her parents in a letter. Devastated by the arrest, Angela\'s best friend Jamie confesses to having left her in a ski lodge alone during a ski trip the year before, all because she did not have the courage to stand up to Stacy. As the trial begins, the Prosecutor argues that Angela should be charged with first-degree murder as there was evidence of premeditation. Angela\'s lawyer claims it was second-degree murder. The judge agrees with the defense, after listening to Angela\'s taped confession. Stating that the tape was just circumstantial evidence and that the prosecution failed to prove the crime to be premeditated. Angela is then sentenced to confinement until the age of 25. As the movie ends, Jamie writes a letter to Angela that she quit the Larks  and that she plans to quit Santa Mira High and go back to her former school, St. Joe\'s.'] ["In New Orleans, a failed day trader at a stock brokerage firm shows up at his former workplace and opens fire on his former colleagues, then turns the gun on himself. Among the dead is Jacob Wood . Two years later, with pro bono attorney Wendell Rohr , Jacob's widow Celeste  takes Vicksburg Firearms to court on the grounds that the company's gross negligence led to her husband's death.  During jury selection, jury consultant Rankin Fitch  and his team communicate background information on each of the jurors to lead defense attorney Durwood Cable  in the courtroom through electronic surveillance. In the jury pool, Nick Easter , an electronics store clerk, tries to get himself excused from jury duty. Judge Frederick Harkin  decides to give Nick a lesson in civic duty and Fitch, despite having originally eliminated him from the list of potential jurors, tells Cable that the judge has sandbagged them, and that he must select Nick as a juror. Nick's congenial manner wins him acceptance from his fellow jurors, with the exception of Frank Herrera , a former Marine who takes an instant dislike to him. However, further to Frank's suspicions of Nick, it is revealed that he and his girlfriend Marlee  do have an ulterior motive. The two seem to be grifters, and offer both Fitch and Rohr the verdict - to the first bidder. Fitch asks for proof that they can deliver. On the other hand, Rohr dismisses the offer, assuming it to be a defense tactic by Fitch to obtain a mistrial. Fitch orders Nick's apartment raided, unfortunately with unsubstantial result. Marlee retaliates by getting one of Fitch's jurors bounced. Fitch then goes after three jurors with blackmail, leading one of them, Rikki Coleman , to attempt suicide. Nick shows Judge Harkin surveillance footage of his apartment being raided and the judge orders the jury sequestered. Rohr loses a key witness  due to harassment, and after confronting Fitch, decides that he cannot win the case. He asks his firm's partners for $10&nbsp;million. Fitch sends an operative, Janovich , to kidnap Marlee, but she fights him off and raises Fitch's price to $15&nbsp;million. On principle, Rohr changes his mind and refuses to pay. Despite knowing this, Fitch agrees to pay Marlee to be certain of the verdict. Nick receives confirmation of receipt of payment and he steers the jury deliberation in favour of the plaintiff, much to the chagrin of Herrera, who launches into a rant, confessing his contemptuous disregard of the law and case facts. Frank's tirade undermines any support he may have had for dismissal of the lawsuit. The gun manufacturer is found liable, with the jury awarding $110&nbsp;million in general damages to Celeste Wood. Meanwhile, Doyle , a Fitch subordinate, tracks down Nick's history in the rural town of Gardner, Indiana, where he discovers that Nick is really Jeff Kerr, a talented former law student drop-out, and that Marlee's real name is Gabby Brandt. Gabby's sister died in a school shooting. The town of Gardner sued the gun manufacturer and Fitch helped to win the case for the defense, bankrupting the town of Gardner. Doyle concludes that Nick and Marlee's intent is a set-up, and he frantically calls Fitch, but it is too late. After the trial, Nick and Marlee confront Fitch with a receipt for the $15&nbsp;million bribe and demand that he retire. They inform him that the $15&nbsp;million will benefit the shooting victims in the town of Gardner."] ['Sixteen-year-old Stephanie Daley collapses in a pool of blood while on a school skiing trip. A doctor discovers that in the blood is afterbirth. Soon afterward, the body of a newborn baby girl is found in a toilet, its mouth blocked with toilet paper. Despite Stephanie\'s insistence that her child was stillborn and that she had no idea that she was pregnant, she is arrested for the murder of the child and becomes known as the Ski-Mom. Awaiting trial, Stephanie is interviewed by a forensic psychologist, Lydie Crane, who is also approximately 30 weeks pregnant with a son. Lydie is hired by the Prosecution to make an independent evaluation of Stephanie. When Lydie first meets the Daley family, Stephanie\'s mother is quick to stipulate that Stephanie will not accept a plea bargain. Lydie is eager to get to know Stephanie. She suspects her husband is having an affair after finding an earring that doesn\'t belong to her in their home; their marriage has been on the rocks since she gave birth to a stillborn child three months before she conceived the child she is now pregnant with. As Stephanie discusses her sexual history and her relationship with her parents and her child, Lydie is forced to face her hitherto buried emotions about her own child. Through her interviews with Lydie, Stephanie talks about the father of her baby, Cory, a boy she met at party and then slept with and never saw again because he enlisted in the Marines. When Lydie asks Stephanie if she knew she was pregnant; Stephanie avoids the questions and claims she was being "punished" by God because she was "weak", and that the pregnancy was a "test". Visibly annoyed at this, Lydie reveals to Stephanie that she had a baby girl a year before who had been stillborn, and asks Stephanie what she thinks Lydie was being punished for. Stephanie replies "you tell me." The truth is told through flashbacks, when Stephanie is on the ski trip at her school,  she begins to go into labour and makes it to the bathroom; where she quietly but painfully delivers the child on her own, and it is revealed through Lydie\'s explanation that the baby fell into the leg of Stephanie\'s ski pants. Stephanie says she wrapped the baby in toilet paper and left it there; but still maintains she was dead. Meanwhile, Lydie confronts her husband about the affair; and he claims he has not slept with anyone; but has indeed thought about it. He also blames the problems in their marriage on Lydie having not properly grieved for their stillborn daughter  and that she does not truly want the baby she is carrying. Lydie screams in his face that she does want the child. Soon before her trial, Stephanie is getting a glass of water and a car drives by her house with drunk young men in it who scream out "be the mother of my baby!" and drive off laughing, Stephanie having gained notoriety as being the Ski-Mom. This event makes Stephanie break the glass in her hand and cut her palm; severely upsetting her mother. Before the trial begins, Stephanie returns to Lydie and says she is going to accept a plea bargain. Lydie states that she thinks this is a good idea and reaches out to shake Stephanie\'s hand when she notices the cut and asks what happened. Stephanie then tearfully admits the truth to Lydie, that her baby girl was alive when she delivered her, but was so small, and "her breathing was all wrong", and so in her mind she told her child to die; and she did. And Stephanie believes she did kill her baby with her mind. Lydie hugs Stephanie, and thanks her. The DVD release contains a "Making of" featurette; the writer-director expresses her satisfaction with the open-ended portrayal and ending, so that the viewers can bring their own interpretation to the material, and be left pondering afterwards. The official website tagline is "The Truth is what we believe."http://www.stephaniedaley-themovie.com/'] ["The jury decides whether a young Chechen boy is guilty of the murder of his stepfather, a Russian military officer. Initially it seems that the boy was the murderer. However, one of the jurors  votes in favour of acquittal. Since the verdict must be rendered unanimously, the jurors review the case, and one by one come to the conclusion that the boy was framed. The murder was performed by criminals involved in the construction business. The discussion is repeatedly interrupted by flashbacks from the boy's wartime childhood. In the end the foreman states that he was sure the boy did not commit the crime but he will not vote in favour of acquittal since the acquitted boy will be subsequently killed by the same criminals. In addition, the foreman reveals that he is a former intelligence agency officer. After a brief argument, the foreman agrees to join the majority. Later the foreman tells the boy that he will find the murderers."] ["Sir Wilfred Robarts, a famed barrister is released from the hospital, where he stayed for two months following his heart attack. Returning to the practise of his lawyer skills, he takes the case of Leonard Vole, an unemployed man who is accused of murdering an elderly lady friend of his, Mrs. Emily French. While Leonard Vole claims he's innocent, although all evidence points to him as the killer, his alibi witness, his cold German wife Christine, instead of entering the court as a witness for the defense, she becomes the witness for the prosecution and strongly claims her husband is guilty of the murder. Sir Wilfred believes there's something suspicious on the case, especially with Mrs. Vole."] ['In 1993, Erin Brockovich  is an unemployed single mother of three children who, after losing a personal injury lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in, asks her lawyer, Edward L. Masry , if he can find her a job in compensation for the loss. Ed gives her work as a file clerk in his office, and she sees the files in a pro bono real-estate case in which PG&E is offering to purchase the home of Hinkley, California, resident Donna Jensen. Erin is surprised to see medical records in the file and visits Jensen, who explains that she had just kept all her PG&E correspondence together. Donna is very appreciative of PG&E\'s help: she has had several tumors and her husband has Hodgkin\'s disease, but PG&E has always supplied a doctor at their own expense. Erin asks why they would do that, and Donna replies, "because of the chromium". Erin begins digging into the particulars of the case and soon finds evidence that the groundwater in Hinkley is contaminated with dangerous hexavalent chromium, but PG&E is telling Hinkley residents that they use a safer form of chromium in their cooling ponds. She persuades Ed to allow her further research, and wins the trust of many Hinkley residents. She finds many other cases of tumors and other medical problems in Hinkley. Everyone has been treated by PG&E\'s doctors and thinks the cluster of cases is just a coincidence, unrelated to the "safe" chromium. Eventually a man approaches her and says that he was tasked with destroying documents at PG&E, but he had noticed the medical conditions plaguing the workers who worked in the unlined ponds, and kept the documents instead. Now he gives them to her. One is a 1966 memo that ties a conversation of a corporate executive in the San Francisco PG&E headquarters to the Hinkley station: it proves that the corporate headquarters knew the water was contaminated with hexavalent chromium, did not do anything about it, and advised the Hinkley station to keep it a secret from the neighborhood. Rather than delay any settlement for years through a series of jury trials and probable appeals, Ed takes the opportunity to arrange for a final disposition by binding arbitration. Erin is able to persuade the 634 plaintiffs to go along, and the evidence is examined by a judge without a jury. The judge orders PG&E to pay a settlement amount of $333&nbsp;million divided among the plaintiffs. In the final scene, Ed hands Erin her bonus payment for the case, but says he has changed the amount. She is astonished to see that he has increased it to $2&nbsp;million.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens on a close-up of a frightened woman\'s eyes. The camera pulls back to reveal that she\'s undergoing a blind tasting of coffee by local TV reporter CJ Nicholas . He heads to the courthouse to watch Shreveport District Attorney Mark Hunter  give his final argument on a murder case. CJ pigeonholes Assistant D.A. Ella Crystal  afterward and asks her for the videotape of the murderer\'s interrogation. He also presses her for a date. She reluctantly agrees to both. At the TV station, CJ drags cameraman Corey Finley  into his editor\'s office and pitches a corruption story on Hunter. The video reveals that the interrogating officer, Lt. Merchant, offers the murderer a cigarette. CJ theorizes that Hunter instructed Merchant to plant the butt at the murder scene. Nicholas argues that most of Hunter\'s high profile convictions rely too greatly on circumstantial evidence to be a coincidence. The editor rejects the story, informing CJ and Corey that he is shutting down their investigative series. CJ convinces Corey to lay a trap for Hunter by planting circumstantial evidence that incriminates CJ. After a prostitute is murdered, CJ pays off Detective Ben Nickerson  to get access to the full report. A witness walking his Jack Russell terrier claims to have seen the man in a black ski mask and sweat suit struggling with the victim. The witness\' dog attacked. A footprint at the scene was made by a Montalvo tennis shoe, which is no longer produced. The murder weapon was determined to be a switchblade knife. CJ and Corey start by buying the knife at a gun store. He buys a pair of Montalvos from BidMore4Le$$. They purchase the sweat suit and ski mask and then rescue a Jack Russell terrier from a shelter. CJ is alone with the dog when he cries out in pain. He claims to Corey that the dog bit him before he was ready. The wound is on his left calf, just as the police report indicates. Finally, CJ douses himself in liquor and drives recklessly through town to get himself arrested. As Corey bails him out, Det. Nickerson notices his Montalvo shoes. Det. Nickerson gets a search warrant and finds all the evidence CJ has planted for them. Lt. Merchant takes over the investigation, which flusters Det. Nickerson. During the trial, CJ lets D.A. Hunter lay out the entire case against him, which relies entirely on circumstantial evidence. Lt. Merchant warns Hunter that when he looked at CJ\'s bank statements, all the purchases showed up. He says that his initial investigation revealed that Corey accompanied him for all the transactions. Merchant surmises that CJ is trying to trap them. Hunter says, "We can\'t have that, can we?" When Hunter rests his prosecution, Corey races to his apartment to get the DVD which contains all the incriminating video. His apartment has been ransacked and the disc is missing. He rushes to a bank where he retrieves a copy from his safe deposit box. On his way back to the courtroom, Merchant chases Corey into a fatal accident, destroying the DVD. CJ is sentenced to the death penalty, despite revealing the truth on the stand. The lack of any corroborating evidence dooms him. As Hunter points out, just because he has receipts for sweatpants and knives after the murder occurred, it does not eliminate the possibility that he already owned similar items prior to the murder. Once in prison, CJ reveals to Ella what he\'s been doing. Skeptical at first, Ella begins her own investigation into Hunter. She eventually retrieves the crime scene photo from the first murder. Digital forensics reveal that the cigarette butt was inserted into the photo. As she leaves the lab, Lt. Merchant chases her through a parking lot. Just as he is about to run her over, Det. Nickerson shoots him. Nickerson informs Ella that he has suspected Merchant of corruption for a while. Hunter is arrested, and CJ is freed. Back home together, Ella is watching the news as CJ sleeps beside her. The newscaster points out that CJ\'s exoneration means that the real murderer of the prostitute is still loose. When Ella sees the picture of the prostitute on the TV, she immediately recognizes the star tattoos on her hands as the same ones on the homeless woman from CJ\'s award-winning report. She quietly calls the cops and puts on her clothes. When CJ wakes, Ella confronts him. The homeless woman never existed, and CJ paid the prostitute to pose for the completely false story. She followed him to Shreveport and was blackmailing him. CJ insists that catching Hunter was worth the cost of the prostitute\'s life. Ella walks out on him, yelling at him "Fuck you", as the police arrive.'] ['The film begins with media attention surrounding Casey Brodsky\'s  decision to divorce her parents and have her nanny, Maria Hernandez, become Casey\'s legal guardian, which results in her parents, Albert and Lucy Brodsky, being brought out of their self-absorbed lives and made to testify in court about their personal lives. Much of the film is presented as flashbacks. At a truck stop in Indiana on the night of January 20th, 1973, film professor Albert Brodsky is hitchhiking across the country, where he gets picked up by Lucy van Patten, a woman who has ambitions of writing books, particularly for children, but is repressed by her fiancé "Bink", a gruff Navy man, and is depressed about being relegated to the life of a military wife. Through getting to know Albert, Lucy loosens her inhibitions, breaks off her engagement to Bink, and marries Albert shortly afterwards. The couple moves to California, where Albert attaches himself to a famed Hollywood producer, who entrusts him to film a romantic script the producer has kept shelved for a long time. When Albert suffers from writer\'s block about the romance, Lucy aids him with her writing skills. The film becomes a box office hit, but cracks are forming in Albert and Lucy\'s marriage, particularly since Albert was slow to credit Lucy for the screenplay and he is frequently traveling to places such as Cannes, France, while leaving his daughter in the care of Lucy, or more often Maria, their maid. When Albert sees a young woman named Blake Chandler working at a hot dog stand, he takes her home and casts her in his next movie, which becomes a moderate success. When Lucy sees signs that Albert is interested in Blake for more than just acting, she divorces him, further troubling Casey. Albert ensures that Lucy gets custody of Casey, while he lives in a Hollywood mansion with Blake. A turning point occurs when Lucy, angered both at Albert\'s procrastination in paying child support and at the sight of a sloppy, overweight woman in a supermarket buying the same comfort food as she is, hurries home and channels her anger into writing a tell-all novel. Meanwhile, Albert\'s producers are warning him not to attempt his musical remake of Gone with the Wind called Atlanta. Albert ignores their advice though, and his budget for the picture skyrockets, mainly because of his own perfectionist attitude and Blake\'s diva-like behavior on set. Atlanta becomes an embarrassing box office bomb, costing Albert any assignments in Hollywood and causing Blake to desert him. Meanwhile, Lucy\'s novel becomes a runaway success, allowing her to buy Albert\'s former mansion and move in herself. There is a final confrontation in which Albert and Lucy quarrel in front of Casey about her custody, which degenerates into a literal tug of war with each parent pulling on one of Casey\'s arms, ignoring her pained protests. That is the final straw for Casey, who then decides to divorce both her parents. The film then returns to the courtroom, where Casey gives testimony that just because two parents no longer love each other, that does not give them the right to ignore their children. The film ends with both Lucy and Albert arriving for visitation with Casey at the same time by mistake, and deciding to go out to eat at a family restaurant, suggesting there is now a more peaceful, though decidedly bittersweet, relationship among the three.'] ['Sir Wilfrid Robarts , a master barrister in ill health, takes Leonard Vole  on as a client, over the protestations of his private nurse, Miss Plimsoll , that the doctor had told him to stay away from criminal cases. Vole is accused of murdering Mrs. Emily French , a rich, older widow who had become enamored of him, going so far as to make him the main beneficiary of her will. Strong circumstantial evidence all points to Vole as the killer. When Sir Wilfrid speaks with Vole\'s German wife Christine , he finds her rather cold and self-possessed, but she does provide an alibi. Therefore, he is greatly surprised when she is called as a witness for the prosecution. While a wife cannot testify against her husband, it is shown that Christine was in fact still married to another man when she wed Leonard . She testifies that Leonard admitted to her that he had killed Mrs. French, and that her conscience forced her to finally tell the truth. During the trial , Sir Wilfrid is contacted by a mysterious woman, who  provides him with letters written by Christine herself to a mysterious lover named Max. The affair revealed by this correspondence gives Christine such a strong motive to have lied that the jury finds Leonard not guilty. However, Sir Wilfrid is troubled by the verdict. His instincts tell him that it was too tidy, too neat--"too symmetrical!" And so it proves. By chance, he and Christine are left alone in the courtroom. She takes the opportunity to take credit for the whole thing. When she heard him say at the beginning that a wife\'s testimony would not be convincing, she decided to set it up so that hers would be given for the prosecution and then be discredited. An ex-actress, she had played the part of the mystery woman so well that Sir Wilfrid did not recognize her when he negotiated for the letters. She knew that Leonard was guilty; her testimony was the truth. Her letters are a fraud &mdash; Max never existed. When asked why she did it, she confesses that she loves Leonard. Leonard appears and, now protected by double jeopardy, nonchalantly confirms what Christine had said. A young woman  then rushes into his arms. When he admits that he and the young woman are going away together, Christine kills him with a knife in a fit of fury. Sir Wilfrid remarks that Christine did not murder Leonard, but that she "executed him". Miss Plimsoll then cancels Sir Wilfrid\'s holiday, realizing that he cannot resist taking charge of Christine\'s defense.'] ["Medgar Evers was a black civil rights activist in Mississippi; he was murdered by an assassin on June 12, 1963. It was suspected that Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist, was the murderer. He had beeen tried twice and both trials ended in hung juries. In 1989, Evers' widow Myrlie, who had been trying to bring De La Beckwith to justice for over 25 years, believed she had what it takes to bring him to trial again. Although most of the evidence from the old trial had disappeared, Bobby DeLaughter, an assistant District Attorney, decided to help her despite being warned that it might hurt his political aspirations and despite the strain that it caused in his marriage. DeLaughter becomes primarily involved with bringing De La Beckwith to trial for the third time 30 years later. In 1994, Byron De La Beckwith was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment."] ["Environmental toxins in the city of Woburn, Massachusetts contaminate the area's water supply, and become linked to a number of deaths of neighboring children. Jan Schlichtmann , a cocky and successful Boston attorney who zips around town in his Porsche, and his small firm of personal injury lawyers are called upon to take legal action against those responsible. After originally rejecting a seemingly unprofitable case, Jan finds a major environmental issue involving groundwater contamination that has great legal potential and a couple of defendants with deep pockets. The local tanneries could be responsible for several deadly cases of leukemia, but also are the main employers for the area. Jan decides to go forward against two giant corporations  with links to the tanneries, thinking that the case could possibly earn him millions, as well as enhancing his and his firm's already considerable reputations. Bringing a class action lawsuit in federal court, Jan represents families who demand a clean-up of the contaminated area and an apology. However, the case develops a life of its own and takes over the lives of Jan and his firm. The lawyers for the tanneries' parent corporations are not easy to intimidate, a judge makes a key ruling against the plaintiffs, and soon Jan and his partners find themselves in a position where their professional and financial survival has been staked on the outcome of the case. Jan stubbornly declines settlement offers, gradually coming to believe that the case is about more than just the money. He allows his pride to take over, making outrageous demands and deciding that he must win at all costs. Pressures take their toll, with Jan and his partners going deeply into debt. After a lengthy trial, the case is dismissed in favor of Beatrice, Jan having turned down an offer of $20 million while the jury was deliberating. The plaintiffs are forced to accept a settlement with Grace that barely covers the expense involved in trying the case, leaving Jan and his partners broke. The families are deeply disappointed, and Jan's partners no longer wish to work with him and break up the firm. Jan's life is a shambles. He ends up alone, filing for bankruptcy. In a postscript, a montage of short scenes involving the key characters in the film, combined with on-screen captions, reveals that the Environmental Protection Agency, building on Jan's work on the case, later brought its own enforcement action against the offending companies, forcing them to pay millions to clean up the land and the groundwater. It takes Jan several years to settle his debts, and he now practices environmental law in Boston.  {{refimprove}} The plotline has been greatly simplified from the book, e.g. later findings by the Environmental Protection Agency and its potential consequences that might have allowed the plaintiffs another trial against Beatrice, and which did ultimately lead to a conviction of perjury against John Riley, and improper conduct for Mary Ryan, are referred to only briefly in the epilogue. The characters of Charles Nesson, Mark Phillips, Rikki Klieman, Teresa Padro and others have been completely removed from the film version of the story, as well as the plot points their characters contribute."] ["Crime boss Rusty Pirone  is about to stand trial again and Daniel Graham  of the district attorney's office is determined this time to put him behind bars. Pirone sends one of his henchmen, a burned-out ex-cop named Tommy Vesey , to threaten Valerie Alston , a juror. Unless she cooperates by finding Pirone innocent and deadlocking the jury, Vesey intends to do harm to Valerie's young son. Eleven jurors vote guilty. Valerie incurs the wrath of the others, who feel Pirone's guilt is obvious. One by one, though, she begins to persuade others to vote her way. Pirone goes free. Graham is furious and, when he discovers Valerie's role in the verdict, he begins to pressure her. Valerie is adamant that she has done nothing wrong and feels that she has protected her son, but Pirone won't leave it at that. He forces himself sexually on her and continues to make veiled threats against her life. Vesey's conscience gets the better of him and he intervenes in an attempt by Pirone's jealous woman, Wanda, to have Valerie killed. Vesey dies in the act of saving Valerie's life. With nowhere else to turn, Valerie decides to seduce Pirone at his home, then kill him herself."] ['Artie Strauss and Judd Steiner  kill a boy on his way home from school in order to commit the "perfect crime". Strauss tries to cover it up, but they are caught when police find a key piece of evidence &mdash; Steiner\'s glasses, which he left at the scene of the crime. Famed attorney Jonathan Wilk  takes their case, saving them from hanging by making an impassioned closing argument against capital punishment. {{cite web}}'] ['Criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller  operates around Los Angeles County out of his black Lincoln Town Car. Haller has spent most of his career defending garden-variety criminals, including a member of a local biker gang, until he lands the case of his career: Louis Roulet , a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor , is accused of the brutal beating of prostitute Reggie Campo. Haller thinks Roulet is innocent, having simply been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Haller and his investigator Frank Levin  analyze the pictures and evidence, notably the injuries the victim sustained. It bears a similarity to a past case of Haller\'s that landed a previous client, Jesus Martinez , in prison for life for murdering a Donna Renteria, despite always proclaiming his innocence. Haller has a daughter with his ex-wife, prosecutor Maggie McPherson , who has never appreciated Haller\'s efforts on behalf of guilty clients. Haller begins to wonder if he should have tried harder on behalf of Martinez instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty. Martinez becomes agitated when Haller visits him at San Quentin and shows him Roulet\'s picture. Haller begins to suspect that Roulet could be the real killer in the Martinez case, but bound by attorney–client confidentiality rules, he cannot tell the police what he has learned. That night, Roulet breaks into Haller\'s house, nonchalantly admits to committing the murder that put Martinez in prison, and makes veiled threats toward Haller\'s family. Levin is shot to death after leaving a voicemail message claiming that he has found Martinez\'s ticket out of jail. The murder weapon used in Levin\'s murder is a .22 caliber pistol. Haller rushes to his home to find his .22 Colt Woodsman is missing from its carrier box. Haller is suspected of killing Levin because the police discover that a Colt Woodsman is registered to Haller. Haller believes it was stolen by Roulet after he broke into Haller\'s home. Obliged to do his best for his client, guilty or not, Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the prostitute and discredits her in the jury\'s eyes. However, Haller sets up a known prison informant with information on the previous murder. When the informant testifies, Haller discredits him and the state later moves to dismiss all charges in the current case. Roulet is set free, but the police then arrests him immediately for the previous murder based upon testimony Haller had coaxed out of the informant. Haller acquires a Smith and Wesson pistol from his driver, Earl , as a precaution against any retribution he may face. Roulet is released due to lack of evidence and sets out immediately to kill Haller\'s wife and child, but Haller finds out in time to get them out of the house. He is waiting as Roulet arrives and Haller draws his gun. Roulet mockingly tells Haller he won\'t be able to guard his family this way every day. Just then, a group of bikers whom Haller has previously represented starts bashing Roulet\'s Maserati and they brutally beat Roulet. As Haller walks away, he says: "The hospital, not the morgue." He gets a call from Maggie that a parking ticket was issued to Roulet near the house of the previous murder victim, strong evidence against Roulet in his pending murder trial that will support Martinez\'s release. Upon arriving home, Haller discovers Roulet\'s mother, Mary Windsor, inside. She shoots him with the Colt Woodsman, the same one that killed Levin, confessing that she committed that murder to protect her son. Haller, wounded, draws the Smith and Wesson pistol that Earl got for him and shoots Mary Windsor, killing her. Upon being discharged from the hospital, Haller learns that Martinez has been released and the District Attorney will seek the death penalty against Roulet. Haller rides off to his next case: the biker gang, which he takes pro bono because of their previous help.'] ["The story is narrated by Sunny von Bülow who is in a coma after falling into diabetic shock after a Christmas party. Her husband, the dissolute European aristocrat Claus von Bülow is charged with attempting to murder her by giving the hypoglycemic Sunny an overdose of insulin. Claus' strained relationship with his wife and his cold and haughty personal demeanor lead most people to conclude that he is guilty. In need of an innovative defense, Claus turns to law professor Alan Dershowitz. Dershowitz is initially convinced of Claus' guilt, but takes the case because von Bülow agrees to fund Dershowitz' defense of two poor black teenagers accused of capital murder. Employing his law students as workers, Dershowitz proceeds to defend Claus, wrestling with his client's unnerving personal style and questions of von Bülow's guilt or innocence."] ['A district attorney  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he is prosecuting a cuckolded murderer.'] ["Fact-based story about a 1975 cover-up of a shooting by two white members of the Boston Tactical Unit. While on stakeout on a suspected getaway car used in an armed robbery, the two gunned down a black man who entered the car. The two claimed the man had a gun and they shot in self-defense. Police investigation decided it was a rightful shooting. The man's widow  knew her husband would not be carrying a weapon and became determined to prove her husband's innocence. She hired a former cop  who had become a lawyer to prove her case. Working with his four sons , the lawyer team takes on the police force in what eventually proved to be a landmark legal decision."] ['The President of the United States  nominates Robert A. Leffingwell  as United States Secretary of State. The second-term President, who is ill, has chosen him because he does not believe that Vice President Harley Hudson &mdash;whom both he and others usually ignore&mdash;will successfully continue the administration\'s foreign policy should he die. Leffingwell\'s nomination is controversial within the United States Senate which, using its advice and consent powers, must either approve or reject the appointment. Both the President\'s party, the majority, and the minority are divided. Majority Leader Bob Munson , the senior senator from Michigan, loyally supports the nominee despite his doubts, as do the hard working Majority Whip Stanley Danta  of Connecticut and womanizer Lafe Smith  of Rhode Island. Demagogic peace advocate Fred Van Ackerman  of Wyoming is especially supportive. Although also of the majority party, President pro tempore and "curmudgeon" Seabright "Seeb" Cooley  of South Carolina dislikes Leffingwell for both personal and professional reasons, and leads the opposition. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee appoints a subcommittee, chaired by majority member Brigham Anderson ([[Don Murray  of Utah, to evaluate the nominee. The young and devoted family man is undecided on Leffingwell. Cooley dramatically introduces a surprise witness, Herbert Gelman . The minor Treasury clerk testifies that he was briefly in a Communist cell with Leffingwell and two others at the University of Chicago. Leffingwell denies the charge and effectively questions Gelman\'s credibility, but later tells the President that he had committed perjury and that Gelman was essentially correct. He asks the President to withdraw his nomination, but he refuses. Cooley identifies another member of the cell, senior Treasury official Hardiman Fletcher. He forces him to confess to Anderson, who tells Munson. Despite personal lobbying by the President, the subcommittee chairman insists that the White House withdraw the nomination due to Leffingwell\'s perjury or he will subpoena Fletcher to testify. The President angrily refuses but the majority leader admits that the White House will soon have to nominate another candidate. Anderson delays his committee\'s report on Leffingwell but the President sends Fletcher out of the country, angering the senator. Anderson and his wife  receive anonymous phone calls from Van Ackerman\'s men warning that, unless the subcommittee reports favorably on Leffingwell, information about what happened with "Ray" in Hawaii will appear. A worried Anderson visits a fellow Army veteran, Ray Shaff, in New York. Shaff admits that he sold evidence of a past homosexual relationship between the two. Hudson, Anderson\'s friend Smith, and others attempt to counsel the troubled chairman but, unable to reconcile his duty and his secret, Anderson commits suicide. The President denies to Munson and Hudson knowing about the blackmail. He tells the majority leader that he is dying and that Leffingwell\'s confirmation is vital. Munson criticizes Cooley for opposing the nominee but not exposing Fletcher, forcing Anderson to bear the pressure alone. Anderson\'s death, nonetheless, permits the subcommittee and the Foreign Relations Committee to proceed with the nomination. Both report favorably to the full Senate. In the Senate Chamber Cooley apologizes for his "vindictiveness". While he will vote against Leffingwell and his "alien voice", the senator will not ask others to follow. Munson, moved by Cooley\'s action, cites the "tragic circumstances" surrounding the confirmation. Although the majority leader will vote for Leffingwell, he will permit a conscience vote from others. Hudson\'s quorum call and the majority leader\'s refusal to yield the floor prevent Van Ackerman from speaking, and Munson asks for the "Yeas and Nays", ending debate. The majority leader tells the senator that were it not for the Andersons\' privacy the Senate would censure and expel him. Van Ackerman angrily leaves the chamber before the vote. Munson\'s side is slightly ahead until Smith unexpectedly votes against Leffingwell and the majority leader prepares for the Vice President to break the tie in the nominee\'s favor. Secret Service agents enter the chamber and Hudson receives a message from the Senate Chaplain. He announces that he will not break the tie, causing the nomination to fail, and that the President has died during the vote. As he leaves with the Secret Service, Hudson tells Munson that he wants to choose his own Secretary of State. The film ends as Munson makes a motion to adjourn due to the former president\'s death.'] ["Quinn's character, a jaded ex-lawyer, has been befriending and exploiting death row convicts and selling their final letters to the media."] ['John Pappas is the mayor of New York City and has far more grand ambitions, including the governor\'s office and the White House. His loyal deputy mayor is Kevin Calhoun, a young man from Louisiana who grew up loving politics. One day, an off-duty police detective named Eddie Santos is ambushed by Tino Zapatti, a criminal with mob ties. They kill each other in a shootout with a stray bullet also causing the death of an innocent small boy named James Bone. An investigation leads to a question as to why Judge Walter Stern, an old friend of the mayor\'s, had set Zapatti free on probation for a recent crime rather than send him to jail. Legal aid Marybeth Cogan, meanwhile, attempts to see that Santos\' widow receives his full benefits, but there seems to be a conspiracy to paint the slain detective as less than honest. While the mayor speaks at the child\'s funeral, Calhoun digs for answers. He is leery of Frank Anselmo, a Brooklyn politician who has connections to organized crime boss Paul Zapatti, the uncle of the cop-killer. Anselmo plants money at Zapatti\'s behest to smear the detective\'s good name. The deputy mayor and Cogan continue to seek the truth from a number of sources, including Santos\' partner and another Zapatti relative. After the murder of probation officer Larry Schwartz, they ultimately come to the conclusion that Judge Stern had to be on the take. Pappas agrees that Stern must resign. The scandal snowballs to the point that Anselmo is instructed by Paul Zapatti to "take the pressure off" himself, by which he means commit suicide rather than become an informer or go to jail. To protect his family, Anselmo shoots himself. The scandal is nearly at an end, but Calhoun knows one more thing -- his idol, the mayor, is also involved. He is the one who put Stern together with Anselmo to receive a bribe and leave the young Zapatti on the street. Calhoun soon tells Pappas there is only one choice -- to quit as mayor and leave politics for good.'] ['When call girl Claudia Draper kills client Allen Green in self-defense, her mother Rose and stepfather Arthur attempt to have her declared mentally incompetent by Dr. Herbert Morrison in order to avoid a public scandal. Realizing if her parents succeed she will be remanded to a psychiatric facility for an indefinite period of time, strong-willed Claudia is determined to prove she is sane enough to stand trial. The attorney her parents hire to defend her quits after Claudia assaults him, and the court appoints public defender Aaron Levinsky to handle her case. She resists him as well until she comes to the realization he is on her side. Aaron begins to probe her background to determine how the seemingly pampered child of supposedly model upper-middle-class parents could find herself in this situation, and with each piece of her past he uncovers he receives additional disturbing insight into what brought Claudia to this crossroads in her life. He discovers that she was sexually abused frequently by her father as a young girl.'] ["A small town is shocked by the brutal ax murder of a woman. However, they are even more shocked when a reserved neighboring woman, Candy Morrison , who is a wife and mother, becomes the chief suspect. During the investigation, she is placed under hypnosis which reveals a different personality completely. The film is based on the story of that Wylie, Texas, housewife Candy Montgomery's murder of Betty Gore in 1980, and sometimes is titled Evidence of Love, after a 1984 book on the murder case."] ["Lawyer T.K. represents Steven Seldes who claims he is innocent of involvement in making under-age porn movies. He is also her lover, so when she meets his wife things are awkward for her - he didn't say he was married and his wife turns out to be an old student friend. Next day she confronts him at his office and a fight ensues in which she injures him. But not kill him. Someone else does that."] ["Joe Paris awakens one morning with a splitting headache and blood on his shirt. He was drinking and can't recall the events of the night before. A murder has been committed and Paris' fingerprints are found. He has a history of violence and is placed under arrest. A public defender, Jenny Hudson, is assigned to defend him. They develop a physical attraction as they set about trying to determine who really committed the crime."] ["After his young son dies from the negligience of medical professionals at a hospital, Harry Fertig  takes matters into his own hands and kills the negligent doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie , looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man."] ["Judgment at Nuremberg centers on a military tribunal held in Nuremberg, Germany, in which four judges are accused of crimes against humanity for their actions during the Nazi regime. Judge Dan Haywood , the chief justice in the case, attempts to understand how defendant Ernst Janning  could have passed sentences resulting in genocide, and by extension how the German people could have turned blind eyes and deaf ears to the Holocaust. Doing so, he befriends the widow  of a German general executed by the Allies. He talks with a number of Germans with different perspectives on the war. Other characters the Judge meets are U.S. Army Captain Byers , who is assigned to the American party hearing the cases, and Irene Wallner , who is afraid to bring testimony that may turn the case against the judges in favor of the prosecution. The film examines the questions of individual complicity in crimes committed by the state. For example, defense attorney Hans Rolfe  raises such issues as the support of U.S. Supreme Court justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. for eugenics practices, the Hitler-Vatican Reichskonkordat in 1933, the Nazi-Soviet Pact in 1939 that allowed Hitler to start World War II and Winston Churchill's praise for Adolf Hitler.{{fact}} At the end of the film Janning thanks Judge Haywood for his rulings, saying that it was the right and just decision."] ['The film revolves around the court-martial of 1st Sgt. Braxton Rutledge , a "Buffalo Soldier" of the 9th U.S. Cavalry. His defense is handled by Lt. Tom Cantrell , Rutledge\'s troop officer. The story is told through a series of flashbacks, expanding the testimony of witnesses as they describe the events following the murder of Rutledge\'s Commanding Officer, Major Dabney, and the rape and murder of Dabney\'s daughter, for which Rutledge is the accused. Circumstantial evidence suggests that the first sergeant raped and murdered the girl and then killed his commanding officer. Worse still, Rutledge deserts after the killings. Ultimately, he is tracked down and arrested by Lt. Cantrell. At one point, Rutledge escapes from captivity during an Indian raid, but later, he voluntarily returns to warn his fellow cavalrymen that they are about to face an ambush, thus saving the troop. He is then brought back in to face the charges and the prejudices of an all-white military court. Eventually he is found not guilty of the rape and murder of the girl when a local white man breaks down under questioning and admits that he raped the girl.'] ['A 1940s promotional film by the Tucker Automobile Company introduces Preston Tucker  and a new automobile filled with technological innovations. The film then flashes back to an earlier start as an inventor and as a staunch family man. His loyal wife  and children, headed by his namesake, Preston Tucker Jr. , support his efforts. Tucker\'s passion for automobiles began as a child and by 1935 he had started a successful partnership with racing car innovator Harry Miller. In World War II, Tucker designed an armored car for the United States military, rejected for being too fast. However, the car\'s gun turret was put into production. At war\'s end, with the proceeds from the turret bankrolling a new automotive project, Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis  to help him create a radical new car design, the 1948 Tucker Torpedo. Tucker\'s dream of manufacturing a revolutionary automobile with futuristic features will pit him against the oppressive Detroit-based Big Three automakers. With the support of his long-time New York financier Abe Karatz , Tucker creates nationwide interest by advertising the "Tucker Torpedo" in Pic magazine. Raising the money through a stock issue, Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing. Despite groundbreaking features on the first hand-built prototype such as disc brakes, seat belts, a fuel-injected engine in the rear, a padded dashboard, and a front windshield that pops out in severe collisions, the new car is beset with problems. Launching "The car of tomorrow" in a spectacular way, the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from both shareholders and the general public. However, the Tucker company board of directors, unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead, send Tucker off on a publicity campaign, and attempt to take complete control of the company. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan Senator Homer S. Ferguson . While the manufacturing of the Tucker Torpedo continues, Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud. Ferguson\'s investigation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , causes Karatz, once convicted of bank fraud, to resign, fearful that his criminal record will prejudice the hearings. Yellow journalism also starts ruining Tucker\'s public image even though the ultimate courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run of 51 Tucker Torpedoes, proving that he has reached production status. After giving a speech to the jurors on how capitalism in the United States is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself, Tucker is acquitted on all charges. Nevertheless, Tucker\'s company falls into bankruptcy and Preston Tucker succumbs to a heart attack seven years later, never able to realize his dream of producing a state-of-the-art automobile.'] ["Situated in the early 1980s, Shari Karney is a successful attorney, assigned to an incest case, involving a three-year-old girl, Christie, who is being molested by her father. She initially refuses to take the case, explaining that she isn't familiar with cases involving sexual abuse. She is later convinced by the child's mother, Darlene Holland, but the trial proves to be difficult. Nine months later, she is heavily invested in the case, which involves her private life. She trouble sleeping at night and is often bothered by flashbacks of her own past. Whenever she tries to make love with her boyfriend Mark, she suffers panic attacks. She eventually attacks David Holland, the man charged, in the courtroom and is therefore sent to jail for two days. Shari fears she has ruined the case, but Darlene insists on holding her as her lawyer. The judge, however, puts her on probation and forces her to seek psychological help. She contacts psychiatrist Joan Delvecchio and admits to her that she is constantly hearing typing sounds. She reveals that as a child she was physically abused by her mother, and that her father had done nothing to protect her. Her sister Linda thinks therapy would be good for her, explaining that there must be a reason that she never wore make-up and always wore baggy clothes. At court, David is prohibited from seeing his daughter for six months. Shari is furious that thereafter, he is allowed to see her again, claiming that he then will keep on raping her. Meanwhile, in therapy, Joan notices that Shari shows the same symptoms as rape victims, but thinks it could be explained by her mother's abuse. When Mark finds out she has taken another incest case, he leaves her. She turns to her parents, but her mother blames her for having driven Mark away. Her therapist makes her write a letter to her mother. When writing, not only does she express the hatred she feels for her mother, but also reveals that she is an incest victim herself, having been abused by her father for years. She starts to remember everything and finds out that she buried the abuse so deep that she didn't consciously remember it. In sessions, Joan helps her remember the entire truth and eventually Shari tells that her father raped her after typing, which explains the sounds of typing she heard. She confronts her parents, but they respond with outrage, claiming they will never forgive her for the accusation. Linda refuses to believe her as well and has trouble even accepting the possibility. At work, her new client withdraws and Christie is hospitalized. Frustrated, she is determined to change the law, allowing incest victims to sue their parents whenever they want to, without a statute of limitations. She contacts Stephanie Chadford, another lawyer who tried to change the incest law. This requires her to step to the media, telling her own story. She is immediately estranged from her sister and disowned by her parents. Meanwhile, the process of changing a law proves to be exhausting, taking up to six years to even qualify in court, and her emotional involvement upsets her partners, who eventually fire her. In the end, however, the law changes, with Shari's help."] ['In the year 1890, the honorable Judge William Priest enforces justice in an old Kentucky town. The film begins with the comedic trial of Jeff Poindexter. Jeff Poindexter, a black man, has been accused of stealing chickens. Although Judge Priest is presiding, he is reading a newspaper while Senator Horace Maydew argues the plaintiff’s case. In fact, no one, but Senator Maydew, seems to care about the case. Jeff Poindexter sleeps through Senator Maydew’s testimony. After Senator Maydew is finished with his argument, Judge Priest asks the sheriff to wake up Jeff Poindexter. When Jeff reveals he got his name from Major Randolph Poindexter, Judge Priest and the other confederate veterans in attendance become very excited. They praise Major Poindexter’s ability to lick the Yankees. While the confederate veterans reminisce over the civil war, Senator Maydew complains that such history has nothing to do with the case. Judge Priest says it is relevant because Major Poindexter would often steal Yankee chickens. Next, Jeff reveals he was only trying to fish for catfish. Judge Priest, a fishing enthusiast himself, has a discussion with Jeff about his fishing. After the trial, Jeff lives with Judge Priest. Judge Priest is sitting on his porch when his nephew, Rome, returns from a law school up north. Rome discovers his lover, Elli May, has found another man. Rome’s mom, Caroline, is happy that Rome will not be intermingling with Elli May, a girl Caroline believes is not fit for a Priest. Caroline does not like Elli May because her mother is penniless and her father absent. Judge Priest, who desperately wants to see Elli May and Rome together, counters Caroline by saying that the Priest family has never stood for intolerance. That evening Elli May has her new lover, the Barber Flem Talley, over for lemonade. Flem Talley had been drinking before he arrived at Elli May’s house. Elli May is not happy with Flem. Judge Priest, who had been observing Elli May and Flem from his porch next door, devises a plan to scare Flem away. After Elli May goes inside to prepare some lemonade, leaving Flem on the porch alone, Judge Priest hides behind a hedge and plays out a monologue. He pretends to be gossiping with another person about a gang of men with shotguns coming to get Flem Talley. In his monologue, the Judge confesses that he can do nothing until after the gang has committed murder, but then he will make sure the gang gets the justice they deserve. Of course, there was no gang, but the Judge successfully succeeds in scaring Flem. Flem gets in his buggy and leaves in a hurry. Judge Priest sends Rome, who was unaware of the Judge’s actions to scare Flem, over to Elli May’s house. Rome arrives on Elly May’s porch just as Elly May comes out with the lemonade she had prepared. That night Judge Priest goes out to sit next to his deceased wife’s tombstone. She died in 1871, nineteen years before the film takes place. Nonetheless, Judge Priest shows no interest in remarrying. While Judge Priest sits next to his wife’s tombstone he reveals that Senator Maydew has his eye on taking Judge Priest’s spot on the bench. Judge Priest watches, unobserved, as Bob Gillus places flowers next to Elli May’s mother’s tombstone. Judge Priest is confused, but he does not contemplate it further. The next morning Judge Priest goes into town. Confederate veteran Jimmy tells Judge Priest he is cleaning his gun because one never knows what the Yankees are going to do. When Judge Priest talks to Bob Gillus about getting new horseshoes, Judge Priest notices Bob has a bullet scar on his arm. When Judge Priest brings up the bullet scar, Bob refuses to elaborate beyond receiving it up north after the civil war. Judge Priest leaves town to go catfish fishing with Jeff. Judge Priest asks Jeff to prepare the beef liver bait. Upon finding no more beef liver bait, Jeff explains, “Looks like that liver done walk off by itself.” Judge Priest, just slightly irritated, sends Jeff to get more bait. Jeff throws his shoes over his shoulder and walks toward town. Judge Priest asks him why he does not put on his shoes. Jeff replies, “I’m saving them for when my feet wear out.” “As much sitting around as you do it won’t be your feet that wear out,” responds Judge Priest. Jeff and Judge Priest return home to prepare for the Church Ice Cream Festival and Candy Pull. Judge Priest tells Jeff he is not allowed to wear his nice raccoon coat. Jeff says it is rabbit fur. Judge Priest explains to Jeff that it is raccoon fur because he took it from a rich Yankee. At the Church the Black women are busy preparing the taffy. The Black women happily sing songs about Jesus as they work. Judge Priest runs into Reverend Brand upon entering the churchyard. Reverend Brand scolds Judge Priest for not coming to church enough. Although Senator Maydew attends church every Sunday, Reverend Brand clearly favors Judge Priest for the judge’s bench. Judge Priest confesses to Reverend Brand he does not have the grammar or rhetoric that Senator Maydew possesses. Meanwhile, Senator Maydew tells church members that he will not make the race about personalities. Of course, by stating this, Senator Maydew is making it clear he believes Judge Priest’s personality is not fit for the job of judge. When the candy pull begins, Rome’s mom, Caroline, pairs Rome with Virginia Maydew. Virginia is the Senator’s daughter. Caroline feels that Virginia is well suited for Rome because she is from an affluent family. Rome, on the other hand, would rather be paired with Elli May. Judge Priest rescues Rome. Judge Priest tells Rome and Virginia he will take Rome’s place while he gets more butter. Rome, realizing his Uncle has come to relieve him, leaves the Candy Pull with Elli May. Later in the week, Judge Priest goes to get a haircut from barber Flem Talley. While the Judge is receiving his haircut, Elli May strolls by. Flem whistles loudly at her. Bob Gillus, who had been waiting for his haircut, stands up and punches Flem in the face. Judge Priest applauds Bob Gillus for his behavior. Flem and his friends plan their revenge. They hide in the billiard room of the local bar. They plan on ambushing Bob Gillus with their pool cues. When Bob Gillus gets ambushed he pulls a knife on Flem, who flees the scene. Gillus is arrested on assault charges and hires Rome to defend him in court. Rome is ecstatic because Bob is his first client. Caroline, on the other hand, is not happy that her son is defending an outcast northerner over a fight with a girl. Elli May, the girl who Bob stood up for, tells Caroline that she knows Caroline does not believe she is good enough for her son. “However,” Elli May says, “If Rome were half as mean as you, Rome would not be good enough for me.” In court, Senator Maydew, who represents Flem, asks Judge Priest to step down from the bench because of his nephew’s participation in the case as well as the Judge’s direct involvement at the barbershop. Judge Priest obliges and appoints the honorable Floyd Bailey to serve as Judge. On the first day of testimony Rome is unable to convince the jury that Bob is innocent. The jury consists of Confederate veterans who show no sympathy for someone from up north. After one day of deliberation all that remains is closing arguments. That evening, Reverend Brand tells Judge Priest that Bob Gillus is Elli May’s father. Judge Priest realizes that this changes the whole nature of the case. In order to reopen the case, Judge Priest offers his raccoon coat to Jeff for delivering a letter of evidence to Senator Maydew. Judge Priest asks Jeff to play his drums outside the courtroom to dramatize Reverend Brand’s testimony. Jeff says he can play the popular Union song Marching Through Georgia. Judge Priest tells Jeff, “I got you outta one lynching, if I catch you playing Marching Through Georgia I’ll join the lynchers.” The next morning Judge Priest and Rome represent Bob Gillus together. They bring Reverend Brand up to the witness stand. Reverend Brand tells the jury that he served as a captain of artillery for the Southern Confederacy. Reverend Brand recounts how, in desperation for more soldiers, he took men off the chain gang. One of these men was Bob Gillus. Reverend Brand explains, to the pleasure of the jury of Confederate veterans, how brave Bob was as he fought for the confederates. While Reverend Brand recounts stories of Bob running through Union lines, Jeff and his black friends play celebratory music outside an open courthouse window. Finally, Reverend Brand reveals that he knew Bob Gillus 25 years ago as Roger Gillespiere. Bob Gillus, Reverend Brand tells the jury, is Elli May Gillespiere’s father. Elli Mae, who was in attendance, is shocked to hear this. The jury began celebrating their war hero, Bob Gillus. Later that day, the town held its annual veteran’s parade. Bob Gillus had the honor of leading the parade.'] ['Mark Sway and his little brother, Ricky, are sneaking cigarettes in the forest near their home when they witness the suicide of mob lawyer Jerome Clifford. Prior to his suicide, Clifford reveals to Mark that he is killing himself to avoid being murdered by Barry "The Blade" Muldanno, the nephew of notorious mob kingpin "Uncle Johnny Sulari". As a result of witnessing the suicide, Ricky goes in to shock and is hospitalized. It soon becomes apparent to authorities - and the mob - that Clifford may have revealed to Mark the location of the body of a Louisiana senator believed to have been murdered by Muldanno. Mark seeks out a lawyer, and finds Reggie Love , a recovering alcoholic who agrees to defend him in court. They quickly run afoul of Roy Foltrigg , a celebrated and vain U.S. Attorney, who is attempting to solve the case as a springboard to greater ambitions. In the mean time, it is revealed that Sulari never authorized Muldanno to make the hit on the senator, and is requiring Muldanno to try and figure out how much the kids may know about the location of the body. Muldanno is also required to move the body, but isn\'t able to immediately because he had buried it in Clifford\'s boathouse, and the cops are still on the property investigating his suicide. As all parties become increasingly desperate, Foltrigg tries to go to continued legal lengths to get the location of the body through Mark\'s testimony, while Sulari eventually orders Muldanno to kill the children and their lawyer to avoid any further screw-ups in trying to deal with the case. He also orders the body moved, now that the investigation at Clifford\'s home is over. Mark and Reggie go to New Orleans to confirm that the body is still where he was told it is, knowing that it is their only bargaining chip to get Ricky the help he needs, and to place the family in protective custody. They arrive the same night as Muldanno and his fellow mafia goons, who begin digging up the body but who are stopped by Mark and Reggie. In the melee that follows, the mafia goons flee when the neighbor\'s alarm is tripped and the authorities are summoned. Knowing that the body is there, Reggie is able to use the information as a bargaining chip to get the family the full slate of protective custody and medical help for Ricky, as well as a new home and job for the children\'s mother. Although not explicitly stated, it becomes apparent that Sulari has had enough of Muldanno and is going to have his nephew killed. With the body recovered, Foltrigg is a lock-in for the newspaper headlines he craves, and makes mention that he intends to run for governor.'] ['Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true. The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple\'s beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media report a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" , the public is quick to believe they decapitated their baby with a pair of scissors as part of a bizarre religious rite. Law-enforcement officials find new witnesses, forensics experts, and a lot of circumstantial evidence—including a small wooden coffin Michael uses as a receptacle for his parishioners\' packs of un-smoked cigarettes—and reopen the investigation, and eventually Lindy is charged with murder. Seven months pregnant, she ignores her attorneys\' advice to play on the jury\'s sympathy and appears emotionless on the stand, convincing onlookers she is guilty of the crime of which she is accused. As the trial progresses, Michael\'s faith in his religion and his belief in his wife disintegrate, and he stumbles through his testimony, suggesting he is concealing the truth. In October 1982, Lindy is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour, while Michael is found guilty as an accessory and given an 18-month suspended sentence. More than three years later, while searching for the body of an English tourist who fell from Uluru, police discover a small item of clothing that is identified as the jacket Lindy had insisted Azaria was wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She is immediately released from prison, the case reopened and all convictions against the Chamberlains overturned.'] ['Tom Logan  is an Assistant District Attorney in the New York City District Attorney\'s Office, who is on his way to becoming the new District Attorney. Into his life enters Laura Kelly , an attorney who is representing Chelsea Deardon . Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from an art dealer, Victor Taft . However, Chelsea claims that the painting is actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her on her 8th birthday 18 years ago - the same day that her father and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire. Kelly eventually manages to talk Logan into helping them . However, things turn even more mysterious when Taft suddenly drops all charges against Chelsea and a police detective, Cavanaugh , comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are still in existence. Chelsea also continues coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of someone following her. When Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at. Logan agrees to continue trying to protect Chelsea while Kelly continues her investigation into the paintings. After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance fraud between Taft, Deardon and a third man who was sent to prison. Logan and Kelly go to Taft\'s apartment and find him murdered and Chelsea hiding in Taft\'s apartment. When Logan is caught in bed with Chelsea after her being accused of Taft\'s murder, Logan\'s career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished. Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged by Logan\'s daughter, who thinks the two make a good couple. Realizing that a sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture. There, the person they thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, the third person who was locked up. Brock forces Kelly and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the painting inside and cuffs them to a table. He then sets fire to another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation. Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not who he thought he was, races to the gallery. Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his death. Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting. After all charges are dropped against Chelsea, Logan\'s former boss offers to take him back, based on Logan\'s publicity. Logan, however, decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office together.  Legal Eagles has several different endings. The film opened to mediocre reviews in theaters and by the time it reached television, defendant Chelsea Deardon, had gone from innocent to guilty. The alternate endings include her guilty of one murder, innocent, and then guilty of a different murder.'] ["Larry Cook , a prosperous Iowa farmer, decides to retire and split his acres of land among his three daughters, Ginny , Rose  and Caroline . Ginny and Rose happily accept the lucrative agreement to live and work on the farm but Caroline abandons farming for a law career in Des Moines and refuses to take part in the deal. Larry is consumed with rage and rejects Caroline, leaving Rose and Ginny to go about running the farm with their husbands (Keith Carradine and [[Kevin Anderson . However, as Larry loses touch with farming life, he begins to lose touch with reality, and his painful descent into senility leaves him bitterly opposed to his daughters' ways of running the farm. As she struggles to maintain the farm, Ginny encounters a rift in her relationship with Rose, who reveals that Larry had sexually abused her when she was a child, and insists that he had done the same thing to Ginny. The two women also develop a strong extra-marital attachment to Jess , the handsome son of a neighboring farmer who is loyal to Larry. Paranoid and disillusioned, Larry decides to sue Rose and Ginny in an effort to regain his patriarchal control, and seeks Caroline's help. The lawsuit divides the family forever, leaving Rose and Ginny to suffer alone while realizing painful truths about their childhood. As Rose and Ginny discover their own individual strengths in the face of adversity, they learn how to survive on their own, without the protection of the farm and the suffocating presence of their father."] ['Callow, rich Ensign Willis Seward "Willie" Keith ([[Robert Francis  reports for duty aboard the Caine, his first assignment. Homeported in Pearl Harbor, he is disappointed to find the Caine to be a small, battle-scarred destroyer-minesweeper. Its gruff captain, Lieutenant Commander William H. DeVriess , has almost completely discarded discipline, and the crew has become slovenly and superficially undisciplined &ndash; although their performance is, in fact, excellent. Keith has already met the executive officer, Lieutenant Stephen Maryk , and is introduced to the cynical communications officer, novelist Lieutenant Thomas Keefer . The captain is soon replaced by Lieutenant Commander Phillip Queeg , a no-nonsense veteran and graduate of the United States Naval Academy. He quickly attempts to re-instill discipline into the crew. The next day, the Caine is assigned to tow a target for gunnery practice. While Queeg is distracted berating Keith and Keefer over a crewman\'s appearance, he cuts off the helmsman\'s warning. After the Caine continues in a circle and cuts the towline, Queeg tries to cover up his responsibility. Other incidents serve to undermine Queeg\'s authority. When strawberries go missing from the officers\' mess, the captain goes to absurd lengths to hunt down the culprit. Despite being told by one of his officers that the mess boys had eaten them, Queeg insists on believing otherwise. He relates a story to Maryk and Keefer of when he, as an ensign, was commended for unmasking a cheese thief. More seriously, under enemy fire, Queeg abandons escorting a group of landing craft during an amphibious assault long before they reach the fiercely defended shore, instead dropping a yellow dye marker in the water and leaving the landing craft to fend for themselves, much to the crew\'s disgust. Afterwards, Queeg speaks to his officers, not explicitly apologizing, but bending enough to ask for their support. His disgruntled subordinates do not respond. Keefer begins trying to convince Maryk that he should relieve Queeg on the basis of mental illness under Article 184 of Navy Regulations. Maryk begins keeping a journal, documenting Queeg\'s behavior. Keefer then convinces Maryk and Keith to join him in presenting their case to Admiral William F. Halsey, Jr.. While aboard Halsey\'s flagship, it occurs to Keefer that all of Queeg\'s documented actions could be interpreted as reasonable attempts to instill discipline, leaving them open to a charge of conspiring to mutiny. When Halsey\'s aide tells the Caine officers that Halsey will see them, Keefer talks Maryk and Keith out of it. Matters come to a head during a violent typhoon. Maryk urgently recommends that they steer into the waves and take on ballast, but Queeg refuses to deviate from the fleet-ordered heading and declines Maryk\'s request for ballast, as he fears that it would foul the fuel lines with salt water. When Queeg appears to become paralyzed, Maryk relieves him, with Keith\'s support.  Upon returning to port, Maryk and Keith face a court-martial for mutiny. After questioning them and Keefer, Lieutenant Barney Greenwald  reluctantly accepts the job of Maryk\'s defense counsel, which a number of other lawyers have already turned down. The proceedings do not go well, as the self-serving Keefer has carefully managed to cover himself and denies any complicity. Navy psychiatrist Dr. Dixon  testifies that Queeg is not mentally ill, but when Queeg is called to testify, he exhibits obvious paranoid behavior under Greenwald\'s tough cross-examination. Maryk is acquitted, and Keith is spared any charges. The Caine officers celebrate the trial\'s results at a hotel. Keefer shows up, telling Maryk privately he did not have the guts not to. Then a drunken Greenwald appears and, clears his "guilty conscience". He berates the officers for not appreciating the years of danger and hardship endured by Queeg, a career navy man. He then lambastes Maryk, Keith, and finally Keefer, for not supporting their captain when he most needed it and gets Maryk and Keith to admit that if they had given Queeg the support he had asked for, he might not have frozen during the typhoon. Greenwald then turns to the man who, in his opinion, should really have been on trial: Keefer. He denounces him as the real "author" of the mutiny, who "hated the Navy" and manipulated the others while keeping his own hands officially clean. The lawyer exposes Keefer\'s double-dealing in front of the other officers, throws a glassful of champagne in his face and tells Keefer that if he wishes to do anything about the drink in the face, the two could fight outside. Keefer makes no challenge and the other officers depart, leaving Keefer alone in the room. A few days later, Keith reports to his new ship and is surprised to find himself once again serving under now-Commander DeVriess. DeVriess lets the new lieutenant, junior grade know that he will start with a clean slate.'] ['The story centers on around the mysterious death of repeat drunk driving offender Kevin Thacker and the discovery of his body in an alley behind the Marshalltown, Iowa, police department after his latest DUI arrest.'] ['The Hour of the Pig is set in 15th-century France and is based upon the career and case files of Bartholomew Chassenee, an actual lawyer of the time who served as an advocate for animals who were accused of crimes.Kadri, Sadakat; "The Trial: A History from Socrates to O.J. Simpson" HarperCollins, 3 July 2006 Animals were subject to the same civil laws and penalties as human beings under French law, 1403–1596. Richard Courtois  and his clerk Mathieu  have left the decadence of Paris in order to practise Law in what they believe to be a quiet rural village, Abbeville, in the province of Ponthieu. Courtois quickly becomes involved in a number of back-logged cases. For his first case, he defends a farmer who is accused of killing his wife\'s lover. Courtois gets him acquitted . In his next case, Courtois fails to save Jeannine, a woman accused of witchcraft. He asks for rats to be called as witnesses to testify that she did not bribe them to infect her neighbour; when the rats do not appear the following day as summoned, this charge is struck off. However, Courtois overlooks a trivial difference between Roman law and the Ponthieu law and she is sentenced to be hanged anyway. As she is led away she tells Courtois, "There is darkness all about you, you can bring the light. Look to the boy, maître. Look to the boy." At her execution, Jeannine says she will not curse the town but blesses it, saying a fine Knight will arrive and deliver them from their lying and evil. Courtois takes on a case defending a pig that is accused of killing a young Jewish boy. The pig, however, belongs to a band of Moors  passing through town. Two of the Moors, Mahmoud  and his sister Samira , appeal to Courtois to save the pig, as it is their only source of food for the coming winter. Courtois declines. Samira later enters Courtois\'s room at night and quietly strips off, offering her body in exchange for his services, but he declines her offer, and the next day offers her enough money to purchase two pigs; she refuses the offer. As Courtois delves deeper into the case and becomes more involved with Samira, he discovers that there is more at work than a simple murder. His work is brought to the attention of Seigneur Jehan d\'Auferre , who has his own designs on Courtois. Soon, Courtois finds that he is being used as a pawn in a complicated game of sociopolitical intrigue that extends beyond mere racism and corruption. The Seigneur subtly offers to bribe Courtois, also hinting that his daughter Filette is available in marriage. The Seigneur\'s son and daughter are eccentric to the point of insanity. The son\'s main hobby seems to be torturing birds. Courtois\'s relationship with Samira becomes common knowledge. The Seigneur decides to sit in at the court and uses this knowledge to threaten Courtois into letting the pig be executed. Just as the case seems to be over, the Advent festival begins and the case is adjourned. The prosecutor Pincheon  tells Courtois that he moved from Paris to Ponthieu as Courtois did, in order to shine in a village in a way he could not in Paris. He urges Courtois to go back to Paris and not waste his life amongst ignorant superstitious people. The skeleton of another Jewish boy who went missing over a year ago is found while Courtois\'s house is being built. Courtois now suspects a human serial killer is at large and the pig has been framed. On Christmas Day, Samira performs for a gathering of notables at the Seigneur\'s chateau. She is almost arrested for drawing a knife on the Seigneur\'s son after he pours wine down her blouse. Courtois boldly leads her away. That night, he rescues a boy from a masked horseman who is wielding an axe. Courtois confronts the Seigneur, telling him his son is the killer. The Seigneur does not deny it and reveals that his son has left for England to be treated. At the trial, the pig is acquitted when Valliere, the farmer Courtois saved in his first case at Abbeville, brings in a replica pig which he claims absconded at the time of the killing. As Courtois leaves, he sees a Knight arriving just as Jeannine had foretold. After he has left, the Knight goes to a room and takes off his armour to reveal that he bears the characteristic buboes of the Black Death.'] ['The film is set in the 1920s during the period of growing influence of the Indian independence movement in the British Raj. Adela Quested  and Mrs. Moore  sail from England to India, where Ronny Heaslop , the older woman\'s son and younger woman\'s fiancé, is the local magistrate in the provincial town of Chandrapore. Through school superintendent Richard Fielding , the two visitors meet eccentric elderly Brahmin scholar Professor Godbole , and they befriend Dr. Aziz Ahmed , an impoverished widower who initially meets Mrs. Moore in a moonlit mosque overlooking the Ganges River. Their sensitivity and unprejudiced attitude toward native Indians endears them to him. When Mrs. Moore and Adela express an interest in seeing the "real" India, as opposed to the Anglicised environment of cricket, polo, and afternoon tea the British expatriates have created for themselves, Aziz offers to host an excursion to the remote Marabar Caves. The outing goes reasonably well until the two women begin exploring the caves with Aziz and his sizable entourage. Mrs. Moore experiences an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia that forces her to return to the open air. She encourages Adela and Aziz to continue their exploration but suggests they take only one guide. The three set off for a series of caves far removed from the rest of the group, and before entering, Aziz steps aside to smoke a cigarette. He returns to find Adela has disappeared; shortly after he sees her running headlong down the hill, bloody and dishevelled. Upon their return to town, Aziz is jailed to await trial for attempted rape, and an uproar ensues between the Indians and the Colonials. The case becomes a cause celebre among the British. When Mrs. Moore makes it clear she firmly believes in Aziz\'s innocence and will not testify against him, it is decided she should return to England. She subsequently suffers a fatal heart attack during the voyage and is buried at sea. To the consternation of her fiancé and friends, Adela has a change of heart and clears Aziz in open court. The Colonials are forced to make an ignominious retreat while the Indians carry the exonerated man out of the courtroom on their shoulders, cheering wildly. Fielding looks after Adela as she has no one else to turn to. In the aftermath, Miss Quested breaks off her engagement and leaves India, while Dr. Aziz, feeling betrayed by his friend Fielding, abandons his Western attire, dons traditional dress, and withdraws completely from Anglo-Indian society, opening a clinic in Northern India, in Kashmir near the Himalayas. Although he remains angry and bitter for years, he eventually reconciles with Fielding and writes to Adela to convey his thanks and forgiveness.'] ["After a husband is accused of droving his third wife to suicide, his first wife Hedda, a troubled woman who can't hate or hurt others even if they had wronged her, is subpoenaed to testify on his abusive behavior during their marriage."] ['The film\'s young protagonists, Jean Louise "Scout" Finch  and her brother Jem , live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s. The story covers three years, during which Scout and Jem undergo changes in their lives. They begin as innocent children, who spend their days happily playing games with each other and spying on Arthur "Boo" Radley , who has not been seen for many years by anybody as a result of never leaving his house and about whom many wicked rumours circulate. Their father, Atticus , is a town lawyer and has a strong belief that all people are to be treated fairly, to turn the other cheek, and to stand for what you believe. He also allows his children to call him by his first name. Through their father\'s work as a lawyer, Scout and Jem begin to learn of the racism and evil prevalent in their town, and mature painfully and quickly as they are exposed to it. The kids follow Atticus to watch a rape trial, in which an innocent black man, Tom Robinson, is wrongfully found guilty of raping Mayella Ewell, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . Atticus also brings to light the alarmingly unusual and suspicious fact that the girl had not even been examined by a doctor after the supposed assault to check for signs of rape or to determine if her hymen was even broken, and even after Atticus\' earnest pleas to the jury for them to cast aside their prejudices against blacks and instead to focus on the evidence of Tom\'s obvious innocence. Tom is doomed, however, when he takes the stand in his own defense and reveals that he felt pity for the victim due to her circumstances. Atticus arrives home to find out that Robinson has been killed in an attempt to escape from jail. Atticus is subsequently vilified by some of the locals for his having defended a black man, and the whole town is in quite a stir over the matter for a good while. After a few months, things appear to have settled down, and Scout goes to a Halloween pageant with Jem. On their way home that night, Scout and Jem are attacked by the vengeful Bob Ewell, the drunkard father  of the girl whom Tom Robinson had been falsely accused of molesting. Mr. Ewell slashes at Scout with a knife, but the chicken-wire framework of her Halloween costume protects her from the blade. During the struggle, Jem is knocked unconscious and his arm is broken, but then Bob Ewell is overpowered and killed by a tall dark figure that suddenly appears on the scene. Scout sees the whole thing from a small view hole in her ham costume that she is still wearing. Jem is carried home by this mysterious man who turns out to be the previously-mentioned Arthur "Boo" Radley, and afterwards it is revealed that Boo — in caring appreciation for Scout and Jem\'s not having taunted and shunned him the way other townspeople had done — had for a long time assumed the role of the children\'s guardian angel, often secretly watching over and following a distance behind Scout and Jem when they were out at night, to help them and protect them from harm. The film ends with Scout considering the past three years\' events from Boo\'s point of view, and Atticus watching over the sleeping Jem.'] ['Lieutenant Junior Grade Daniel "Danny" Kaffee , is an inexperienced U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General\'s Corps lawyer who leads the defense in the court-martial of two Marines, Private First Class Louden Downey ([[James Marshall  and Lance Corporal Harold Dawson , who are accused of having murdered a fellow Marine of their unit, PFC William Santiago , at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba, which is under the command of Col. Nathan R. Jessep . Santiago compared unfavorably to his fellow Marines, had poor relations with them and failed to respect the chain of command. He went above his superiors to bargain for a transfer in exchange for blowing the whistle on Dawson for firing a possibly illegal shot towards the Cuban side of the island. When the transfer request is seen by the base\'s senior commanders, there is a heated argument between Santiago\'s commanding officer, Lt Jonathan Kendrick  who asserts that he can handle the situation, and Jessep\'s executive officer, Lt. Col. Matthew Andrew Markinson  who casts doubt on Kendrick\'s ability based on a past incident. Markinson advocates that Santiago be transferred immediately for safety reasons before the request gets out, but Jessep says that this would set a bad precedent which could cost lives. Jessep also states that officers have a responsibility to ensure that all personnel are trained, so he orders Kendrick to ensure that Santiago shows significant improvement on the next evaluation report, or he would be held personally responsible. When Dawson and Downey are later arrested for Santiago\'s murder, Naval investigator and lawyer Lieutenant Commander JoAnne Galloway  suspects that they were carrying out a "code red": a euphemism for a violent extrajudicial punishment. Galloway requests to defend them, but the case is instead given to Kaffee, who has a reputation for arranging plea bargains. There is initial friction between them, as she believes he negotiates plea bargains to avoid having to argue in court, and he claims that she is interfering with his handling of the case. However their relationship strengthens as the trial progresses, as does Kaffee\'s effectiveness as a lawyer. Despite goading by Galloway and Dawson to allow the trial go to court, Kaffee initially tries to step down as lead counsel for the defense – his argument being that since he cannot prove that any order was given for the assault, making a legal stand simply because he believes the Marines did as they were told was a futile gesture. However, Galloway successfully argues her point of view to Kaffee after Dawson and Downey state they were ordered by Lieutenant Kendrick  to shave Santiago\'s head, minutes after Kendrick ordered the platoon not to touch the would-be victim. Santiago actually died from asphyxiation after a rag was shoved into his mouth as a gag. Kaffee comes to realize that for a legal officer of his limited time and experience to be given such an important case is unusual, and he accepts that he was probably assigned to it due to his reputation for plea bargaining, indicating that someone high up did not want the case to reach court, so he changes his mind and agrees to proceed. Kaffee\'s suspicions are confirmed when he rejects a plea bargain offer from prosecutor Capt. Jack Ross , who is a friend of his. Ross then warns that the government\'s case against the two Marines is strong and that Kaffee could risk his reputation  for any attempt to smear high-ranking officers in making a futile defense. In the course of the trial it is established that code reds are standard in Guantanamo Bay as a means of enforcing discipline and getting sloppy Marines to follow procedure. Kaffee especially goes after Kendrick, particularly over the fact that he denied Dawson a promotion after the latter helped out a fellow Marine who was under what could be seen as a code red. Lieutenant Colonel Markinson has gone absent without leave since the incident, but he resurfaces in Kaffee\'s car during the trial, revealing that Jessep never intended to transfer Santiago off the base as previously claimed but created the transfer orders as part of a cover-up long after Santiago\'s death. Kaffee is unable to find evidence corroborating these claims and announces his intention to have Markinson testify. Rather than publicly dishonor himself and the Marine Corps, Markinson sends a letter to Santiago\'s parents, blaming his own weakness for the loss of their son, outfits himself in full Dress Blue "A" uniform and commits suicide by shooting himself in the mouth with his service pistol. Without Markinson\'s crucial testimony, Kaffee believes that the case is lost and returns home after a drunken stupor, having come to regret that he fought the case instead of considering the plea bargain. Galloway, however, convinces Kaffee to take the great risk of calling Colonel Jessep as a witness. Kaffee initially questions Jessep\'s travel habits versus that of Santiago  in an attempt to argue that the transfer order was never properly conducted. However, Jessep successfully outsmarts Kaffee by saying that he cannot speculate on Santiago\'s habits, and he becomes particularly disdainful of Kaffee  and the court proceedings. Kaffee is stumped, but then he manages to unnerve Jessep by pointing out a flaw in his testimony. He had stated that Santiago was due to be transferred off the base for his own safety in case the other Marines sought retribution, but also stated that Marines are honorable men who always follow orders – thus if the other Marines were ordered to leave Santiago alone and always follow orders, then Santiago would have been in no danger whatsoever and would not have to be transferred. Under heavy pressure from Kaffee and unnerved by being caught in one of his own lies, Jessep furiously declares, "You can\'t handle the truth!" He then dismisses Kaffee as disrespectful of a Marine doing his duty, ultimately confessing that he did order the code red. As Jessep angrily justifies his actions on the basis of national security, he is arrested by Ross, and there is a verdict of not guilty on the murder charges for Dawson and Downey. Ross informs Kaffee he will now have Kendrick arrested for the same charges faced by Dawson and Downey. Nonetheless, the two Marines are dishonorably discharged for having caused Santiago\'s death through their "conduct unbecoming a United States Marine." Downey does not understand why they are being given dishonorable discharges, but Dawson accepts the verdict, and explains to Downey that they had failed to stand up for those too weak to stand up for themselves, like Santiago. As the two prepare to leave, Kaffee tells Dawson he does not need a patch on his arm to have honor. Dawson, who had previously been reluctant to respect Kaffee as an officer, barks "Ten hut! There\'s an officer on deck!" and salutes Kaffee.'] ['After his two sons and wife die in a horrific car crash, suicide seems to be the only escape for small town attorney Kent "Mac" McClain until he\'s assigned a capital punishment case involving the murder of the daughter of a powerful business man, in which the victim was drugged. All the odds seem stacked against McClain, and he loses the case. However, McClain manages to save the accused man\'s life by getting him off death row. At the end of the movie, a private investigator discovers that it was someone else who committed the murder and McClain\'s client is exonerated.'] ['Rudy Baylor  is a graduate of the University of Memphis Law School. Unlike most of his fellow grads, he has no high-paying employment lined up and is forced to apply for part-time positions while serving drinks at a Memphis bar. Desperate for a job, he reluctantly goes to an interview with J. Lyman "Bruiser" Stone , a ruthless but successful personal injury lawyer, who makes him an associate. To earn his fee, Rudy is turned into a veritable ambulance chaser, required to hunt for potential clients at a local hospital. Soon he meets Deck Shifflet , a less-than-ethical former insurance assessor turned paralegal who has failed the bar exam six times. Deck is resourceful in gathering information and practically an expert on insurance lawsuits. Rudy manages to get just one case, concerning insurance bad faith. It could be worth several million dollars in damages, which appeals to him as he is about to declare himself bankrupt. He rents an apartment above the garage in the home of elderly Miss Birdsong , who in return could use some advice on what to do about greedy relatives eager to inherit when she dies. Bruiser\'s offices are raided by the police and FBI on suspicion of racketeering. Not knowing what else to do, Rudy and Deck set up a two-man practice themselves, without so much as a secretary for help. They file a bad faith suit on behalf of a middle-aged couple, Dot and Buddy Black, whose 22-year-old son Donny Ray  is dying of leukemia, but could have been saved with a bone marrow transplant, denied by their insurance carrier Great Benefit. Rudy passes the Tennessee bar exam but has never argued a case before a judge and jury. He finds himself up against a group of experienced and devious lawyers from a large firm, headed by Leo F. Drummond , a showman attorney who uses unscrupulous tactics to win his cases. The original judge assigned the case, Harvey Hale , is set to dismiss it because he sees it as one of many so-called "lottery" cases that slow the judicial process. But a far more sympathetic judge, Tyrone Kipler , takes over when Hale suffers a fatal heart attack. Kipler, a former civil rights attorney, immediately denies the insurance company\'s petition for dismissal. While preparing his case, Rudy gets to know a young woman he met at the hospital, Kelly Riker , a battered wife whose husband, Cliff , has beaten her so savagely with a baseball bat that she must be hospitalized. After a particularly violent attack, Rudy persuades Kelly, to whom he is attracted, to file for divorce. Going to Kelly\'s home to pack her belongings, Rudy and Kelly are confronted by Cliff. After Cliff is injured in the fight that follows, Kelly insists Rudy leave. From outside, Rudy can hear Cliff being hit with his own baseball bat. To protect Rudy from being implicated in Cliff\'s death, Kelly tells the police she killed her husband in self-defense. Rudy promises to defend Kelly if the case goes to trial, but the district attorney declines to prosecute, knowing Kelly would never be convicted. Donny Ray dies, but not before giving a video deposition. The case goes to trial, where Drummond preys on Rudy\'s inexperience. He gets Rudy\'s key witness Jackie Lemanczyk\'s  vital testimony stricken from the record, and attempts to discredit Donny Ray\'s mother . Due to Rudy\'s single-minded determination and skillful cross-examination of Great Benefit\'s unctuous president, Wilfred Keeley , the jury finds for the plaintiff with a monetary award far exceeding all expectations. It is a great triumph for Rudy and Deck, at least until Keeley attempts to flee the country and Great Benefit declares itself bankrupt, thus allowing it to avoid paying punitive damages to the Blacks, as well as any future judgments in class-action lawsuits. There is no payout for the grieving parents and no fee for Rudy or Deck. Dot Black expresses satisfaction that at least they put Great Benefit out of business and is now unable to hurt other families like hers. Convinced his success will create unrealistic expectations for future clients, Rudy abandons his practice to instead teach law with a focus on ethical behavior instead. He leaves town with Kelly, wanting to retain a low profile and protect Kelly from any possible retribution by Cliff\'s vengeful relatives. He leaves the legal profession after just one successful case.'] ['Detectives Liam Casey  and Joey Allegretto  are conducting a surveillance operation to apprehend Jordan Washington , a notorious drug dealer. On a tip from an informant, they venture into a building where Washington is presumed to be hiding. Washington preemptively fires a submachine gun through his front door, seriously wounding Casey. Police backup units arrive and swarm the building, but Washington executes a cunning escape in an NYPD squad car after murdering two police officers. Morganstern is incapacitated by a heart attack. The mayor suggests new hero Sean Casey be the party\'s candidate for DA. He wins the election, is in love with Lindstrom and wonders aloud if the many wonderful things suddenly happening in his life can last. They can\'t. The decomposed body of Kleinhoff is discovered floating near a maritime dock. An address book is found by the authorities containing the names of several officers from precincts who responded to the Washington shooting. After several interrogations, a number of officers confess about their entanglement in the bribery and narcotics scandal. Allegretto admits he initially lied about his involvement; accepting bribes while also plotting to murder Washington. Berated as "scum" by Sean Casey for his conduct and unwilling to face jail, a depressed Allegretto commits suicide. Liam discloses to his son Sean that he and Allegretto were not legally authorized to arrest Washington due to an expired search warrant. Liam concedes that he forged a judge\'s signature with a new warrant.'] ["In 1998, a young gay man by the name of Matthew Shepard was robbed, viciously beaten and left tied to a fence to die. Although he was soon found by the police and hospitalized, he soon expired. This film recounts the events after the conviction of the two men responsible for this hate motivated murder. Matthew's parents, though satisfied by the conviction, are finding the sentencing phase of the trial more difficult. The parents initially want to request the death penalty for their son's murderers, but the mother, Judy Shepard , starts to reconsider. As they struggle with their decision, they decide to reexamine the life of their son and rediscover his personality, his struggle to accept his homosexuality as a natural part of his being and above all, his generous humanity to others. All of this leads the parents to appeal to the court the way their son would have wanted, not out of vengeance but to represent best of what their son was and the tragedy of his loss."] ["Conflicted, light-skinned Sergeant Waters  ruthlessly heaps abuse upon his men. He calls them names, but he especially relishes torturing the jovial and highly talented C.J. Memphis ([[Larry Riley . Sergent Waters especially cannot stand the light-hearted behavior from the fellow black men in the platoon. When Waters is killed, there are plenty of suspects for Captain Davenport  to investigate. Some soldiers also believe that Sergeant Waters was killed by the Ku Klux Klan. Art Evans plays Private Wilkie, a nervous man too acquiescent for his own good. David Alan Grier plays C.J.'s closest friend, bonded by their Mississippi roots. Denzel Washington, in one of his earliest motion picture roles, portrays the deeply embittered Pfc. Peterson."] ['Army Colonel William Edwards  is investigating the case of Major Harry Cargill , accused of collaborating with the enemy while he and his unit were held captive in a North Korean prisoner of war camp. Cargill willingly admits his guilt and brings forth evidence that proves that he signed a germ-warfare confession and broadcast anti-American speeches over the radio, seemingly an act of treason. It seems to be an open and shut case, were it not for Cargill\'s inexplicable refusal to defend himself. Arousing further suspicion is the fact that his collaboration immediately followed the deaths of two of his soldiers, and the surviving members in the unit all recite an identical, rehearsed account of those deaths. Edwards\' commander, General Connors , has a strong personal interest - his son, Captain Joe Connors , was one of the two deaths - and presses Edwards to recommend a court-martial, but Edwards delves into the mystery, refusing to accept the facile explanations. In the end, the shocking truth comes out. Lieutenant George Miller  reveals that after Lieutenant Harvey  was killed trying to escape, the rest of the men discovered that, under torture, Captain Connors had betrayed him. Over Cargill\'s strong objections, they decided to execute Connors; Miller picked the short straw and had to strangle him. Meanwhile, their captor, Colonel Kim , had given Cargill an ultimatum: give in, or all his men would be executed. General Connors is crushed that his son collaborated and calls him a traitor. Cargill argues with Connors\' judgment, stating that there must be a time limit on being a hero. He denounces the unwritten "Code" espoused by General Connors for demanding too much from soldiers, but General Connors reminds him that while Cargill anguished over the lives and families of 16 men, that many commanders had to anguish over the effect of their orders on the lives and families of thousands. Edwards agrees with General Connors that although Cargill acted out of a humane selflessness, Cargill\'s judgment was flawed. He recommends that all charges be dropped, but warns Cargill that there will be a court-martial, but Edwards himself will defend Cargill. Maybe they won\'t come up with all the answers, Edwards tells him, but "they\'ll know we asked the questions".'] ['Leslie is a troubled 1960s teenager who eventually becomes a follower of Charles Manson and is charged, convicted, and sentenced to death in the August, 1969, murders of Leno and Rosemary LaBianca. The story revolves around how a young juror, Perry, becomes infatuated with Leslie during her trial.'] ['Lifelong best friends Alice Marano  and Darlene Davis  graduate from high school and make plans to have one last "knock-out trip together" before they are separated by Darlene going to college. Darlene is perceived to be the "nice" girl, and Alice the "bad" one. The idea of vacationing in Hawaii seems less appealing to the girls than the sudden notion of going to Thailand. It is revealed in dialogue that Darlene\'s father has not been approached about the idea of going to Thailand, but that Alice\'s father has given her permission because he believes Darlene is going. Alice suggests to Darlene that she simply not tell her father she is going to Thailand instead of Hawaii. The two girls fly to Thailand and while there, meet a captivating Australian man, who calls himself Nick Parks . He befriends the girls and uses romantic charm to gain their trust. He claims he works for a software company that allows him to loll about in the sun awaiting his next assignment. Darlene is particularly smitten with Nick and convinces Alice to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to what amounts to a day trip to Hong Kong. They check out of their hotel and have their bags carried down to an awaiting cab. Hopping in the back seat while the bellhop loads the bags in the trunk, the girls are running late to the airport. While they are waiting in line to board, the Thai police rush the surprised girls with guns drawn — discovering that the backpack that Darlene has packed but Alice is carrying has a few kilos of heroin inside. As they are interrogated separately, Alice\'s street smarts prevent her from signing a confession written in Thai. Darlene answers questions posed by a Thai official, the official then speaks to a typist in Thai who appears to transcribe the conversation. But Darlene is tricked into signing a confession to the crimes she is accused of but remains unaware of it until Alice points out that neither of them would be foolish enough to sign a confession written in Thai, which neither can understand. Abruptly the girls are placed in prison after pleading their case in vain, but instead of receiving the expected life sentence they "get off easy" with 33 years. There are a few other Westerners in the jail, one from Jamaica who refers to the prison as a "broke-down palace" and tells the girls they should seek the help of "Yankee Hank", an American lawyer. The British girl hears this and scoffs at Hank\'s lawyering skill. Meanwhile in the U.S., Darlene\'s father learns of his daughter\'s and her friend\'s arrest. He eventually flies to Thailand to plead with the U.S. officials to get his daughter out. He visits his daughter Darlene in prison and warmly reassures her that everything will be fine as she apologizes profusely for getting into trouble. Darlene excitedly reports to Alice that her father is going to get them out and that he wants to speak with her. Alice enthusiastically greets Darlene\'s father, but he lashes out, venting his rage at her for masterminding whatever scheme she created to get his daughter in trouble. Eventually "Yankee Hank", Henry Greene , an American attorney living in Thailand, arrives to see if he might get paid for acting on behalf of the girls. Darlene\'s father sends the money to Hank to appeal the girls\' case. At first, Greene is confident about appealing their case when his Thai wife, also a lawyer, points out that the charges against the girls involve six kilos of heroin, when that amount would never have fit into the back pack. The girls are delighted with Hank\'s clever play, until the Thai prosecution bring forward a witness who testifies he served them drinks poolside at a swank hotel where Alice tried billing a random room number, instead of paying cash, as Darlene suggested . This causes them to lose their appeal. Green walks away from the girls\' case until his wife discovers a clue in the police file that might lead to the whereabouts of the elusive Nick Parks. Trying a different tactic, he meets with DEA agent Roy Knox , who has influence with the police. Though Knox admits that the girls were probably duped, he firmly believes that someone has to go to jail for this crime. As long as no Nick Parks  can be produced to clear the girls, he says they will finish out the remainder of their sentences. Greene follows up the lead, travelling to Hong Kong to get information from another girl used by the smuggler whose alias is Nick Parks. He confronts DEA agent Knox with the uncovered evidence about Parks, but is shot down when Knox tells him Parks has friends in high places. Greene threatens the corrupt prosecutor with exposure to the American media and he agrees to a deal. If the girls confess to the crime and withdraw their naming of Nick Parks, they will receive a royal pardon. The girls agree and sign a confession wherein they claim Nick Parks is a figment of their imagination. However, they have been duped by the prosecutor, who uses their confession to assure they will receive no pardon. Alice, deciding to take responsibility for her life and realizing that Darlene will be unable to bear prison, falls to her knees and begs the King of Thailand to allow her to serve both Darlene\'s sentence and her own  in exchange for Darlene\'s release, as Darlene should not have to pay for her mistake. The offer is accepted, and the film ends with the girls\' friendship, riven with conflicts, is restored. Darlene bids Alice farewell and returns to the States, promising that she will not stop trying to get Alice released from prison. Alice\'s voice-over indicates her acceptance of fate and the belief that Darlene and Greene will never stop attempting to get her released.'] ['As a 17-year-old orphan, Henri Young steals $5.00 from a grocery store to feed himself and his little sister, both of whom are destitute. He is apprehended by the store clerk, and his sister is sent to an orphanage. But as the store Young robs houses a U.S. Post Office his crime became a federal offense. Young never sees his sister again and is sentenced to Leavenworth Penitentiary, Kansas. After later being transferred to Alcatraz, he participates in an escape attempt with two other prisoners. The escape plan fails due to the betrayal of a fellow inmate, Rufus McCain. Young is punished by being sent to "the hole" which is in Alcatraz\'s dungeons. Except for 30 minutes on Christmas Day in 1940, he is left in there for three years. The solitary confinement causes Young to lose his sanity. On release back to the general population, he experiences a psychotic episode in the prison cafeteria and attacks McCain, stabbing him to death with a spoon in full view of the prison staff and the other convicts. Young is put on trial in San Francisco for first degree murder in what prosecutors and the public-defender\'s office believe is an open-and-shut case. Public defender James Stamphill, a recent graduate of Harvard law school, is given the case. After discovering the facts of Young\'s case, Stamphill attempts to put Alcatraz on trial by alleging that its harsh conditions caused his client to commit murder. The trial becomes highly politicized and contentious. Eventually Young is convicted of involuntary manslaughter, not first degree murder. He is returned to Alcatraz where he subsequently dies. The film concludes that The Rock\'s associate warden Milton Glenn is convicted of mistreatment and is banned from working in the United States penal system.'] ["The story is about a working-class woman, Sarah Tobias , who has a reputation for promiscuity. One night in a bar, she is gang raped by several drunk bar patrons, while drunken onlookers cheer them on. A district attorney, Kathryn Murphy , is assigned to the rape case, and wants to drop the case. After a heated argument, she is admonished by her superior to enter a plea bargain with the rapists requiring some jail time. Sarah is enraged by the deal, mostly because she did not get to tell her story in court. When Sarah is hospitalized after ramming her car into a pickup truck, whose driver  crudely propositions her, Kathryn decides to prosecute the men who cheered the rape for criminal solicitation. Sarah's friend Sally , a waitress at the bar where the rape took place, picks three men out of a line-up, and they get three different attorneys for the ensuing trial. Sarah testifies that she was raped, while college student Kenneth Joyce , a friend of one of the rapists, testifies to watching the rape prior to making a 911 call. After Kathryn's closing statement and a single summation from the three defense lawyers, the jury deliberates for a long time, asking several times for Ken's testimony to be reread to them. In the end, they find the three men guilty. As the trial provides testimony that they raped Sarah, the three men serving prison time for reckless endangerment are now unlikely to be granted early parole."] ['Maddalena Anna Paradine  is a very beautiful and enigmatic young foreign woman living in London who is accused of poisoning her older, blind husband, a retired military man. It is not clear at first whether perhaps she is a grateful and devoted wife who has been falsely accused, or whether she is in fact a calculating and ruthless femme fatale. Mrs. Paradine hires Anthony Keane , a brilliant and successful barrister, to defend her in court. Although Keane has been happily married for 11 years, he instantly becomes deeply infatuated with this exotic, mysterious, and fascinating client. Keane\'s kind-hearted wife Gay  sees his infatuation, and although her husband offers to get off the case, she presses him to continue. She knows that a guilty verdict, followed by Paradine\'s hanging, will mean that she will lose her husband emotionally forever. The only way that she can regain her husband\'s love and devotion is if he is able to obtain a "not guilty" verdict for Mrs. Paradine. Meanwhile Keane himself starts to focus his legal efforts on Colonel Paradine\'s mysterious servant, Andre Latour . Consciously or unconsciously, Keane sees Latour as a suitable scapegoat on whom he can pin the crime of murder, but this strategy backfires. After Keane has pressured Latour in court, hoping to trigger an angry outburst, word comes that Latour has killed himself. Anna Paradine is coldly furious that Keane has destroyed Latour, who was in fact her lover. On the witness stand she tells Keane she hates him, and that he has killed the only person she loved. She goes so far as to say that she murdered her husband in order to be with Latour. Keane is overwhelmed, physically, intellectually and emotionally. Attempting to sum up, he improvises a brief and faltering speech, admitting how poorly he has handled the case, but cannot continue speaking and has to leave the court. He goes home to his wife feeling that his career is in ruins, but she gives him hope for the future.'] ["As the film begins, a priest is shot dead on a Bridgeport, Connecticut street at night. The police, led by Chief Robinson  fail to immediately find the murderer. It soon becomes a political football, with the police accused of incompetence, and the city's reform-minded administration comes under attack. Robinson and the prosecutor Henry Harvey  come under severe pressure by political leaders to find the killer or bring in outside help. After strenuous efforts yield nothing, a vagrant ex-serviceman, John Waldron  is apprehended. He is interrogated for two days by police until, deprived of sleep, he confesses. The evidence seems solid, and a gun in his possession is believed to be the gun that was used in the shooting. Harvey, however, is not convinced. He investigates the evidence and the witnesses, then risks his reputation and incurs the wrath of the police and the public in proposing that the defendant is innocent, while he and his wife  are also being threatened by a businessman named Harris. In court, even though he is the prosecutor, Harvey lays out the flaws in the case before the judge. The charges are dismissed. A sub-plot involving Paul Harris and his involvement in a property under consideration for sale to the city - at a price Harris desperately needs to keep himself afloat - also has a prominent place in the film. Harris tries to blackmail Harvey by threatening to destroy his wife - a City Council member - unless he supports the sale and sits idle, allowing Waldron to be convicted. When a reporter gets wind of the double-dealing and threatens Harris with exposure, Harris commits suicide in the courtroom."] ["James Curtayne  has retired from law, but he returns to defend John O'Hara  on a murder charge. Curtayne's drinking and rustiness result in O'Hara being found guilty, but Curtayne makes further efforts to prove him innocent."] ["On November 15, 1982, Janet Harduvel  is devastated by the news of the death of her husband Ted  who flew as a United States Air Force pilot in one of the world's most sophisticated fighter aircraft, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.Although accurately portrayed as primarily a fighter aircraft in the 1980s, the F-16 eventually evolved into a multirole combat aircraft.Sweetman 2009, p. 15. She is stymied in finding out the truth behind his crash in Korea and takes on the US military and General Dynamics, maker of the F-16. With the help of her lawyer, Leo Morrone , and her sister Mary , Harduvel begins the long process of unraveling the lies and deception that are behind a joint military and General Dynamics cover-up that blames the accident on pilot error. Despite setbacks, she proves to be unwavering in her search for the truth to clear his name and uncover the deadly secret buried in the F-16."] ["Marquan Hunter  is a drug addict who is addicted to crack cocaine. The film starts with her breastfeeding her baby in an abandoned squat. As she lays the child down to leave, the other squatters tell her that she can't leave the baby there crying. Khaila takes the child outside and hides him in a box in the trash so that she can go get high. She promises to come back, puts a board over the box, and leaves. The next morning, the trash is being collected and everything is thrown in the garbage truck, but at the last moment the workers see the baby lying in the box and the infant is taken to the hospital. At the hospital, a social worker named Margaret Lewin , finds out that the baby was born addicted to crack cocaine and that his name is Isaiah. She develops a strong bond with him and decides to bring him home to live with her husband and daughter. In the meanwhile, Khaila wakes up and notices that her breasts are leaking milk but her baby is not there. She runs to the garbage hysterical and starts rooting through the trash looking for Isaiah. A bum comes out and tells her to leave saying that there had been enough ruckus that morning with police talking about dead babies. After realizing what has happened, she leaves. Later that night, she is arrested for shoplifting and enters a rehab program. The film cuts to three years later and Isaiah has been officially adopted by the Lewins. Khaila is clean and rents a room in an apartment. She goes to a facility and meets her case worker who is teaching her to read. While reading a book about a pregnant woman, she breaks down and confesses to her caseworker that she put her baby in the trash. Khaila then learns through her caseworker that her baby is still alive, so they hire the lawyer Kadar Lewis  to contest the adoption. A lengthy court battle ensues which quickly turns into a broader issue of race. In the end, the court decides to give custody back to Khaila. Isaiah fights when forced to leave the Lewins and doesn't adjust well to living with Khaila. Khaila realizes that Isaiah does not consider her his mother eventually calls Margaret and tells her that she is going to let Isaiah live with them until he understands what's going on. She states that all she cares about is Isaiah and she wants him to be happy. Margaret and Khaila hug and walk in as Isaiah runs and embraces Margaret. The two sit down and watch Isaiah play as the camera zooms out."] ["Roland Dalton  is a burned-out, mild-mannered Manhattan public defender, his last case before leaving legal aid is crack dealer Michael Jones ([[Richard Brooks , accused of shooting to death police officer Patrick O'Leary in Central Park. According to Jones, the shooting was in self-defence and that officer O'Leary was a 'Blue Jean Cop' . Being a 'creature of habit', Dalton seeks the truth to his mysterious case and looks to Richie Marks , a renegade loner NYPD narcotics agent. Dalton realizes the prosecutor in his last case is a former love interest, the smart and sexy Susan Cantrell . Throughout the trial Roland rekindles this former affair with Susan unbeknown to his fiancée Gail ."] ["A southern town is rocked by scandal when teenager Mary Clay is murdered on Confederate Memorial Day. A small-time lawyer with political ambitions, Andrew Griffin, sees the crime as way to the Senate if he can find the right scapegoat to be tried for the crime. He seeks out Robert Hale, Mary's teacher at the business school where she was killed. Even though all evidence against Hale is circumstantial, Hale happens to be from New York , and Griffin works with a reporter to create a media frenzy of prejudice and hatred against the teacher. The issue moves from innocence or guilt to the continuing bigotry and suspicion between South and North, especially given the significance of the day of the murder. The film shows the immense pressures brought to bear on members of the community to help in the conviction - the black janitor who is induced to lie on the stand for fear he himself will be convicted and executed, or lynched, if Hale is not found guilty; the juror who tries to retain his freedom to make up his own mind; the barber who is afraid to testify to something he knows is true because it could exonerate Hale. The only man who stands up to the mob mentality of the town is the governor, who commutes Hale's death sentence to life imprisonment because the evidence is simply insufficient to send a man to his death. The townsfolk are enraged, and the murdered girl's brothers, who have been threatening all along to take matters into their own hands if Hale is not executed, plot and carry out Hale's abduction and murder."] ['Howl explores the life and works of 20th century American poet, Allen Ginsberg. Constructed in a nonlinear fashion, the film juxtaposes historical events with a variety of cinematic techniques. It reconstructs the early life of Ginsberg during the 1940s and 1950s . It also re-enacts Ginsberg\'s debut performance of "Howl" at the Six Gallery Reading on October 7, 1955 in black-and-white. ‘Howl’ filmmakers talk youth culture, James Franco The reading was the first important public manifestation of the Beat Generation and helped to herald the West Coast literary revolution that became known as the San Francisco Renaissance.The readings by the other four Six Gallery poets are not recreated in the film. In addition, parts of the poem are interpreted through animated sequences. Finally, these events are juxtaposed with color images of the 1957 obscenity trial of San Francisco poet and City Lights Bookstore co-founder, Lawrence Ferlinghetti who was the first person to publish "Howl" in Howl and Other Poems.'] ['November 1959. Perry Smith ([[Robert Blake  and "Dick" Hickock ([[Scott Wilson  concoct a plan to invade the home of the Clutter family, as Mr. Clutter supposedly keeps a large supply of cash on-hand in a safe. While the two criminals felt that their plan for the robbery was sound, it quickly unravels, resulting in the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Clutter, as well as their two teenage children. The bodies are discovered the next day, and a police investigation is immediately launched. As the investigation builds, the two wanted men continue to elude law enforcement by heading south and crossing into Mexico, but after a while they return and decide to travel to Las Vegas to win some money at gambling; there they are arrested for parole violation, being in possession of a stolen car and passing bad checks. The police separately interrogate the two men about the Clutter murders. Both Smith and Hickock admit to their check bouncing offenses, but deny knowing anything about the murders. Next the police confront them with evidence, such as a bloody footprint matching the boots worn by one of the men , but they are slowed by Smith\'s refusal to provide answers. The police claim that another mistake made by the men is that they left a witness. Finally, Hickock confesses and states that he does not want to be executed for the crime, claiming that Smith committed all of the murders. When Smith learns that Hickock confessed, he claims that it was Hickock who killed the entire family, not he. Smith and Hickock are both found guilty of the crime and sentenced to be hanged. A representation of their final moments and their execution are presented at the conclusion of the film. The story of the murders are told in flashback, or analepsis, after the arrest of the suspects.'] ["Gautham Subramaniam  is a well educated, handsome son of an Indian family. Since his father  and mother are doctors, Gautham aims to become a doctor and achieves it. Gautham gets a golden opportunity from the government to go to Russia to represent India in a week long medical conference, along with five other young doctors. Gautham is delighted to receive this offer and packs his bags to fly to Russia. Meanwhile, Gautham’s beloved is introduced on the frame which happens to be Shenba . Shenba happens to be the same village girl in which his sister Sarasu,  resides with her husband  and so they two meet and fall in love. Despite initial frictions between her father and uncle  with Gautham, they eventually agree to get the pair married. Gautham’s parents agree to the marriage and as a happy man Gautham is ready to marry Shenba after his return to India from his Russia trip. Finally, the journey to Russia happens and Gautham reaches Moscow and completes his immigration procedures. Incidentally, Gautham meets Anna  and unknowingly the sexy lady drops her jacket at the hero. In a quick situation the hero has no time to return the jacket and exits from the Moscow airport accompanied by his medical team. Gautham is flabbergasted by the roads and buildings of the city and is surprised to see the city of Moscow from his hotel view. Gautham learns that the only hiccup with Russians is that the people are ignorant about the English language and the whole conversation with them must be made in Russian national language. Soon after, Gautham discovers Anna and takes the prospect to return her coat. The two get together well and part the ways. Meanwhile, Gautham medical conference takes place successfully and in order to celebrate its success the whole team head to a club. Gautham bumps into Anna in the night club and they two have an enjoyable time in the club. Anna, due to heavy consumption of Liquor, intoxicates and Gautham has no other choice than to accompany her to her room. When the two reach Anna’s apartment in they settle down and sleep. Gautham is brutally dragged onto the floor by a Russian police officer the next day morning and the reason is that Anna is murdered on her sofa. Consequently, Gautham's situation changes; he gets abused, accused and is imprisoned by the Russian police. The language, people and the surroundings are totally new and confusing to the hero. Aarthi Chinnappa  is appointed as a defendant lawyer to the culprit Gautham. The Indian consulate sends Raghavan Nambiar  to Gautham's rescue. When Gautham tries to run away from the Russian Police he gets drowned in a lake and Aarthi finds him at the shore. Aarthi kisses Gautham to rescue him and she realises that Aarthi has fallen in love with Gautham, but suppresses her feelings when she learns about Shenba. Gautham escapes from the police and is running around St. Petersburg with Aarthi, trying to figure out who murdered Anna and why he was caught up in the scandal. Whilst, fleeing from the police, Gautham gets shot by the mafia and manages to escape narrowly. After taking care of his wounds, Aarthi and Gautham decide to seek down those who misled them. With the eventual villainous figure being revealed as Raghavan. Before a shoot off, Raghavan reveals that Anna was a drug trafficker from Chennai to Russia, and by dropping her coat, consisting of drugs, off at the airport manages to evade being caught. Soon after Anna had changed her ways and was ready to tell the police about Raghavan's drug dealing, but before that happened Raghavan along with the mafia had her killed off. In the final scene, Raghavan is killed by the police, and Gautham is set free to reunite with Shenba for their wedding."] ['Set in a village in the 1890s, a woman  whose husband is away invites men into her home. This action offends the conservative villagers. One of the men who was invited in is found dead and the woman is suspected and judged for her immoral act rather than the crime of murder she may have committed.'] ['Danny Di Pace, Arthur Reardon and Anthony "Batman" Aposto are members of a street gang named the Thunderbirds in New York City in East Harlem. They have a ongoing turf war with a Puerto Rican gang call the Horsemen. The three Thunderbirds unleash a knife attack on Roberto Escalante, a blind member of the Horsemen and stab him to death. They are caught and arrested, and during questioning by the police and an assistant district attorney, Hank Bell  discovers one of the boys is the son of an ex-girlfriend . Back at the office of the district attorney Dan Cole , Bell admits he knows the mother of one of the suspects in the killing but despite objections, he is not taken off the case and admits that he in fact grew up in the same neighborhood. At the funeral for Roberto Escalante, he is confronted by his ex-lover and she tells him her son promised he would never join a gang. Bell then sets out to find out the true facts about the killing and admits that his father changed his name from Bellini to Bell because he was ashamed of his background and where he grew up.'] ['The title of the film is taken from Bentley\'s alleged cry of "Let him have it, Chris!" shortly before Christopher Craig shot and wounded the first policeman on the scene. Crown prosecutors suggested that Bentley meant "Go ahead and shoot him," whilst Frank Cassells for the defence argued that he meant "Give him the gun" . Craig was sentenced to gaol "at Her Majesty\'s pleasure", and spent ten years there. He has been a law abiding citizen ever since. Derek Bentley\'s father bought an expensive bottle of wine in 1958 to celebrate their victory should Derek be proved innocent. However, Bentley\'s parents never got to drink it. His father William Bentley died on 12 July 1974 and his mother died on 10 October 1976. The film\'s end titles state that Bentley\'s sister, Iris, was still fighting for his pardon, however seven years after the film was made and after numerous unsuccessful campaigns to get Derek Bentley a full pardon, his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal on 30 July 1998. However, Bentley\'s sister had also died by this point.\'Craig\'s relief at Bentley Pardon\' BBC, 30th July 1998'] ["In A Dry White Season, Donald Sutherland portrays the character of Ben Du Toit, a South African school teacher. The story takes place in 1976, around the Soweto Riots, during the Apartheid system that lasted from 1948 until 1994. The story begins when a gardener at Ben's school, a black man named Gordon, seeks his help while investigating the death of his son during the Riots. Like many South African whites, Ben refuses to get involved in the racial divides that have been tearing the country apart, thinking that Gordon's claims against the white minority government are unfounded. Things change when Ben sees firsthand the brutality by his own race against blacks, particularly when he sees the dead body of Gordon at the morgue not long after being tortured at the hands of the secret, corrupt government police. Gordon's wife, Emily, is also killed later, and also under suspicious circumstances. Upset by this turn of events, Ben retains Ian Mackenzie , a human rights attorney, to assist him with the case. Ben's political awakening is so complete by this time that his crusade to bring those responsible for the deaths of Gordon and his family members eventually take their toll on his own family. Eventually, Ben Du Toit pays the ultimate price for standing up to a corrupt government for basic human rights and equality."] ['In 1840 New Hampshire, poor, downtrodden farmer Jabez Stone ([[James Craig  sells his soul to "Mr. Scratch"  in return for seven years of luck and prosperity. He begins to change. When only his crops are spared from a hailstorm, he ensnares his desperate neighbors with onerous financial contracts and alienates his loving wife Mary ([[Anne Shirley  and his mother . The beautiful Belle  is sent by Mr. Scratch to replace a household servant. She soon entrances Jabez. Jabez\'s young son Daniel falls under her influence as well, turning into a spoiled, disobedient boy. With his time almost up, Stone begs famed orator and fellow New Hampshirite Daniel Webster ([[Edward Arnold  to find some way out of his bargain with the Devil. Webster agrees to take his case. Mr. Scratch offers an extension in exchange for Jabez\'s son, but Jabez turns him down. He then begs Webster to leave before it is too late, but Webster refuses to go, boasting that he has never left a jug or a case half finished. When Mr. Scratch shows up to claim his due, Webster has to risk his own soul before his fiendish opponent will agree to a trial by jury. Mr. Scratch chooses the jury members from among the most notoriously evil men of American history, with John Hathorne  as the judge. When Webster protests, Mr. Scratch points out that they were "Americans all". With his own soul at risk, Daniel Webster proceeds to defend Jabez Stone who is accused of breaching contract. He begins by stating that he envies the jury because as Americans they were present at the birth of a nation, part of a heritage born to share. Unfortunately they were fooled like Jabez Stone, trapped in their desire to rebel against their fate, but what would they give to be given another chance? Webster explains that it is the eternal right of everyone including the jury to raise their fist against their fate but when that happens, one finds themselves at a crossroads. They took the wrong turn as Stone did but he found out in time, and this night, he is there to save his soul. Daniel asks the jury to give Stone another chance to walk upon the earth, for what would they give to see those things they remember. They were all men once, breathing clean American air which was free and blew across the earth they loved. Daniel starts to orate on all of simple and good things – "the freshness of a fine morning...the taste of food when you\'re hungry...the new day that\'s every day when you\'re a child" – and how without the soul, those things are sickened. He reminds the jury that Mr. Scratch said your soul meant nothing, they believed him, and they lost their freedom. Now Webster orates on freedom as not just a big word, "it is the morning, the bread, and the risen sun", it was the reason for making the voyage to come to America. Mistakes were made but out of things wrong and right a new thing has come: a free man with a freedom which includes his own soul. Yet how can the jury be on the side of the oppressor when Stone is a brother, a fellow American? Webster then implores the jury to let Stone keep his soul which after all, doesn\'t belong to him alone, but to his family and country. "Don\'t let the country go to the devil", thunders Daniel Webster, "free Stone." With his defense, Webster is able to talk the jury into releasing Stone from his deal. Webster then kicks Mr. Scratch out, but the fiend promises that Webster will never fulfill his ambition to become President of the United States.'] ['It is based on the true story of Michael Francke, who was the Head of Corrections for the state of Oregon before being murdered. Just before his murder, Francke visits his brother and informs him of a drug ring involving his prison colleagues. When Michael is killed, his brother begins his own investigation into the murder, leading him to more lies and deceit.'] ['Newlywed Kate Judson Lawrence  is distraught to discover on her wedding night that her upper class Philadelphia Main Line husband, William Lawrence III , is impotent. After he leaves her on that night, she seeks comfort from longtime working class friend Mike Flanagan . The next day, Kate learns that William died in a car wreck. She gives birth to a son, Anthony Judson "Tony" Lawrence, and raises him in genteel poverty. Years pass. Tony  becomes a smart, ambitious college student, working his way through school as a construction worker with his sights on becoming a lawyer. One day, he encounters socialite Joan Dickinson  when she has a minor car accident. They soon fall in love, though Joan is expected by nearly everyone in her lofty social circle to marry millionaire Carter Henry . Their mutual friend, Chester "Chet" Gwynn , warns her not to let social pressure separate her from the one she loves, as it did him. Tony persuades her to elope. However, Joan\'s father Gilbert Dickinson ([[John Williams  persuades Tony to postpone the wedding by offering him invaluable career help and a job at the highly esteemed law firm of which he is a full partner. Believing Tony has allowed himself to be bought, a disillusioned Joan sails to Europe. When Carter follows her, she marries him. Devastated and angry, Tony realizes that Joan\'s father wanted her to marry into another wealthy family, and only offered Tony help with his career in the hope of breaking them up. Tony then devotes himself to working his way up the social ladder and learning the game of the wealthy. Fellow student Louis Donetti  tells Tony about a wonderful opportunity he has to assist John Marshall Wharton  in writing a law book. Tony becomes acquainted with Wharton\'s much younger wife Carol  and steals the job from his classmate. Living and working at Wharton\'s mansion, Tony impresses his employer with his expertise. Carol becomes attracted to him. She comes to his bedroom one night, but he cunningly defuses the dangerous situation by asking her to divorce her husband and marry him, knowing that she is unwilling to start over. Wharton offers Tony a job at his own prestigious firm. Tony accepts, deciding to specialize in the relatively new area of tax law, where there is more opportunity for rapid advancement. When the Korean War breaks out, interrupting his career, Tony serves as a JAG officer. Others are not as fortunate. Chet loses an arm in combat, and Carter Henry is killed. Upon returning home, Tony gets a lucky break. Forced to work over the Christmas holiday, he is available when the very rich Mrs. J. Arthur Allen  needs her will amended. With his specialized knowledge, he shows her how to avoid paying a great deal of taxes. Mrs. Allen responds by designating Tony to manage her finances instead of her longtime lawyer, Gilbert Dickinson. Tony also begins mending his relationship with Joan. Success after success follows, and Tony becomes well known and respected by the Philadelphia elite. One night, Chet resurfaces. Tony is called to the police station to pick up his disheveled, drunken friend. However, before they can leave, Donetti  has Chet taken into custody and charged with the first degree murder of Morton Stearnes ([[Robert Douglas , Chet\'s uncle and tight-fisted guardian of his inheritance. Chet insists on Tony defending him, fearing that his relatives, particularly family patriarch Dr. Shippen Stearnes ([[Frank Conroy , are more interested in avoiding a scandal than proving his innocence. Despite having no experience with criminal law, Tony reluctantly agrees. His work is further complicated when Shippen Stearnes threatens to reveal that Tony\'s real father is Mike Flanagan if Tony embarrasses the Stearnes clan. When Joan offers to hire a reliable attorney, Tony realizes that she still does not trust him and fears that he has sold out once again. At the trial, Tony discredits the testimony of Morton Stearnes\' butler, George Archibald ([[Richard Deacon . He gets Shippen to admit that Morton had a brain tumor and was mentally depressed, and that he might have committed suicide. The jury finds Chet not guilty. After the trial, Tony and Joan reconcile.'] ["In the wake of Abraham Lincoln's assassination, eight people are arrested and charged with conspiring to kill the President, Vice President, and Secretary of State. The lone woman charged, Mary Surratt  owns a boarding house where John Wilkes Booth  and others met and planned the simultaneous attacks. Against the ominous back-drop of post-Civil War Washington, newly-minted lawyer Frederick Aiken , a 27-year-old Union war hero, reluctantly agrees to defend Surratt before a military tribunal. Aiken is at first very reluctant to take the case and believes his client is guilty. However, he uncovers evidence casting doubt on the allegations and conducts a spirited defense. He realizes his client is being used as bait and a hostage in order to capture the only conspirator to have escaped a massive manhunt, her own son, John Surratt . As the nation turns against her, Surratt is forced to rely on Aiken to uncover the truth and save her life."] ["Life is difficult in a small town in British Columbia, Canada in the wake of a terrible school bus accident in which numerous local children are killed. Hardly able to cope with the loss, their grieving parents are approached by a lawyer, Mitchell Stephens , who wants them to sue for damages by claiming the bus was faulty. Stephens is aware that urging for a class action suit while the town is so aggrieved is ethically questionable, but persists anyway. He is meanwhile haunted by his dysfunctional relationship with his own adult daughter whom he may soon lose permanently to drug abuse. At first most of the parents are reluctant to sue, but eventually they are persuaded by Stephens that filing a class action lawsuit would ease their minds and also be the right thing to do. As most of the children are dead, the case now depends on the few surviving witnesses to say the right things in court. In particular, it is 15-year-old Nicole Burnell , who was sitting at the front of the bus and is now paralyzed from the waist down, whose deposition is all-important. Before the accident, Nicole was a budding country music prodigy and she senses that her parents want justice and a large cash settlement to replace her lost music earnings—and not necessarily in that order. In the pretrial deposition, she unexpectedly accuses driver Dolores Driscoll ([[Gabrielle Rose  of speeding and thus causing the accident. When she does so, all hopes of holding the bus company liable vanish along with the possibility of a big settlement. It is implied that Nicole's motivation was partly to thwart and punish her parents, especially her sexually abusive father. Those involved know that Nicole is lying but can do nothing. The trial never occurs, leaving the townspeople, and Stephens, to cope in other ways with the uncertain future."] ["A Canadian mother and businesswoman Dinah Middleton's  is devastated when her teenage son, Alex , is killed by a hit-and-run driver. When the police fail to turn up any suspects, she turns private detective to track the killer down. She traces the murderer to New York, only to discover that the crime is not covered by the extradition treaty between Canada and the US. She becomes obsessed with bringing the criminal to justice."] ['{{Plot}} Major Charles \'Copper\' Carrington , who has had a distinguished World War II record and was awarded the Victoria Cross, is arrested for embezzling £125 from his unit\'s safe. Other charges include leaving the base, when he was supposed to be putting his men through some exercises, and entertaining a woman officer in his room, which was forbidden by the base commander Colonel Henniker . Appearing in his own defence, Carrington\'s case at his court-martial is that he took the money openly and without secrecy because of all the back pay owed him. The Army Paymaster had failed to pay him back for various expenses during postings in the Far East and his wife Valerie  was pressuring him for money. She lives in another part of the country, has become ill as a result of the financial worries and has even threatened suicide. Carrington claims that he told his superior, Colonel Henniker, about his decision to remove the money. He transferred £100 of it to his wife\'s account in order to give her relief from her financial problems. He then left the base in order to compete in a major horse race in which he betted the rest of the money on himself. He would thus be able to pay back the cash taken from the safe. He succeeded but then fell from his horse in another race. When his friend Captain Alison Graham  tried to return the money she was denied access to the safe. As for the incident in his room, it is established that Carrington was bed-ridden at the time as a result of his fall and that Graham was visiting him in order to discuss the matter of the embezzlement. She was fully dressed and sitting on a chair when they were interrupted by Colonel Henniker who stormed into the room reminding them that it was against regulations for a male and female officer to be together in private quarters. He and Carrington argued and there was a bit of a fight. Henniker admits waiting for some time between seeing Graham go to Carrington\'s room and then going there himself. Colonel Henniker is in fact Carrington\'s enemy. He resents his war record and achievements and his popularity at the base. There is an element of sympathy for Carrington\'s actions and it is pointed out that the Major could be cleared if it is established that Henniker had forewarned knowledge of his intentions. He thus perjures himself at the court-martial by denying being told by Carrington of his decision to take the money from the safe in order to temporarily settle his debts. Much of these debts were due to Henniker\'s constant delays in pursuing the matter of the Paymaster\'s failure to pay Carrington the money owed to him. Carrington\'s wife Valerie has turned up for the hearing. Due to her health he did not intend to call her as a witness, but decides that he will have to when the case goes against him following Henniker\'s "evidence". She resents the idea of washing their dirty linen in public but finally agrees. Things go wrong however when certain conversations make Valerie suspicious about Carrington\'s friendly relationship with Captain Graham. Under pressure, Graham admits to Valerie that she had a one-night stand with Carrington when they became stranded in a pub in the middle of a snow storm. But Carrington then insisted that a full affair would not be fair on anyone and ended it. He and Graham are now just friends. Valerie appears to give evidence but also perjures herself, denying that her husband ever told her about telling Colonel Henniker that he was going to take the money. Carrington produces a letter she wrote to him in which she does mention his argument with Henniker. Carrington intends to only read the parts that he feels are relevant to his defence, since the letter also contains some embarrassing matters about the couple and Valerie\'s health. But when the judge insists that he and the other officials must read it before it is submitted into evidence, Carrington tears it up. The officers who are to determine his fate are themselves a little unsettled by the way things are going. Some of them have seen through the lies told in court and sympathise with Carrington\'s position, motives and actions. The law, however, says otherwise and Carrington is found guilty on all counts and dismissed from the service. The sentence of the court martial is subject to confirmation, though that is just a legal formality. The verdict is soon all over the base. All the regular soldiers are near-unanimous that it is an unfair decision. One of them, Owen , was a Sergeant who was demoted when loyalty to Carrington resulted in him failing to co-operate with the investigation. His defiant attitude in and out of court on the subject results in him being demoted again to a mere Private, but he feels that this time he has had his money\'s worth. Having made his grievances public, Carrington has decided to let the matter drop and not appeal the verdict. His marriage is also over, but, with an attitude that is typical of him, he puts it down to the fact that Valerie is still really in love with her late husband who was killed during the war and was the father of her two sons. However, in the course of gossiping about the case, another private, a telephonist working at the telephone exchange admits overhearing Carrington\'s phone conversation with his wife and what was really said. The telephonist\'s testimony  would have provided evidence that Carrington\'s wife was lying under oath. The telephonist\'s colleague takes her to inform Captain Graham of what was overheard. Without Carrington knowing about this, as he exits the building where the court-martial was held, the other soldiers rally around and display their support for him. Moved, he decides to go along with the appeal; and there is the strong possibility that when the telephonist\'s evidence is heard at the appeal, the verdict of the court martial will be quashed and Carrington acquitted.'] ['David Dunkleman  is a Jewish humanist and a lawyer who works for the court system in Canada. He is assigned to defend Mike Downey , a member of the Aryan Brotherhood who is accused of a brutal, racially motivated murder. Behind prison walls, the two have a clash of ideologies as Dunkleman attempts to put his professional beliefs before his personal beliefs, and his client clings to his hateful beliefs.'] ['Theodore "Ted" Crawford , a wealthy and talented Irish aeronautical engineer in Los Angeles, discovers that his wife Jennifer  is having an affair with police detective Robert Nunally ([[Billy Burke . After confronting his wife, Crawford shoots her, seriously wounding her, and immediately confesses the crime to Nunally at the scene. He then engages in a battle of wits with rising star deputy district attorney William "Willy" Beachum , who considers this an open-and-shut matter and agrees to go to trial immediately. Beachum is busy, making preparations for his transition from criminal law to corporate attorney for Wooton & Simms, a well-known law firm, and begins a romantic relationship with his future boss, Nikki Gardner . At the trial, Crawford acts as his own attorney, which serves as a key vehicle for the plot of the movie—matching up a star prosecutor against a supposedly untrained litigant. Crawford reveals that the arresting officer  was having an affair with his wife, assaulted him during his arrest, and was present during his interrogation. Crawford\'s confession is ruled to be inadmissible as evidence, as it was fruit of the poisonous tree. Beachum discovers that Crawford\'s handgun was not used to shoot his wife because it had never been fired and did not match the shell casings at the crime scene. As the house was under surveillance the entire time from the shooting to Crawford\'s arrest the police are baffled. Beachum is tempted by Nunally\'s scheme to plant false evidence to implicate Crawford but decides against it at the last minute. With no new evidence to present to the jury, Beachum is forced to concede the trial, and Crawford is acquitted. The disgraced Nunally commits suicide with his own gun outside the courtroom. Beachum\'s future with the prestigious firm is in tatters. With the case closed, he obsessively continues to search for evidence, repeatedly visiting the comatose Jennifer in the hospital, hoping that she will wake up. However, at Crawford\'s request, a restraining order is issued forbidding Beachum to visit the patient. Realizing that Crawford\'s plan is to dispose of the only eyewitness to the crime, Beachum goes to great lengths to get a court order to keep Jennifer on life support. Nikki Gardner refuses to help him, and they end their relationship. In a last-ditch effort, Beachum is able to get a court order from Nikki\'s father, who is a judge. Beachum arrives at the hospital just as staff are turning off Jennifer\'s life support, and despite announcing he is carrying a court order, security prevent him from entering and Jennifer dies. A mix-up of cell phones causes Beachum to realize that both Nunally and Crawford used the same type of gun. He figures out that before the crime Crawford switched his gun with Nunally\'s in a hotel room where Jennifer and Nunally secretly met. Crawford shot his wife with Nunally\'s gun, whereupon the detective arrived on the scene carrying Crawford\'s gun. While Nunally lingered over Jennifer, trying to revive her, Crawford reloaded Nunally\'s gun and placed it back where Nunally had left it, while at the same time taking back his original, unused gun. Distracted by the sight of Jennifer\'s body, Nunally did not notice the guns being switched back. When Crawford appears back in the room brandishing his original gun, Nunally tackles and assaults him before he is arrested, at which point Nunally unwittingly holsters his own gun, the murder weapon, and lets Crawford\'s unused one be taken as evidence. Beachum confronts Crawford with his new evidence. Since she died, the bullet lodged in Jennifer\'s head can now be retrieved and matched with Nunally\'s gun. Beachum tricks Crawford into confessing, knowing that Crawford thinks he is protected under the double jeopardy clause. However, Beachum reveals that by allowing his wife to die, Crawford can now be prosecuted for murder, having previously been tried merely for attempted murder. If he had not taken Jennifer off life support, he could have been protected by the double jeopardy clause. Crawford is arrested by the waiting police. The film ends with a new trial about to begin, with Beachum prosecuting and Crawford surrounded by defence attorneys from Wooton & Simms.'] ["A young woman and two other people are killed in a Kindle County local bar. Experienced detective sergeant Larry Starczek  begins investigation on the murders. Soon everything points to the small time thief Squirell. Larry arrests him and makes the thief confess. After a short trial Squirrel goes to the prison where he'll be executed. The story now moves 7 years later, as new evidence surfaces. Nobody is so sure anymore that it was Squirell who actually killed those three people years ago. Furthermore, it seems that the judge from his trial wasn't completely clean."] ["The movie is about the final nine months of Gary Gilmore's life. In April 1976, Gilmore, 35, was released from prison after serving 12 years for robbery in Indiana. He was flown to Utah to live with Brenda Nicol, a distant cousin of his who tries to help him find work. Gilmore soon meets and becomes romantically involved with Nicole Baker, a 19-year-old widow with two young children. Despite his efforts to reform himself, Gilmore's self-destructive behavior leads to him getting into fights, stealing items from stores and abusing drugs. After Nicole breaks up with him, he murders two men in two separate robberies. Gilmore is turned in by his cousin and is sentenced to death. Gilmore becomes a national media sensation after he fights to have his execution performed as soon as possible. On January 17, 1977, Gilmore is executed by the method he chose, firing squad, making him the first person to be judicially executed in the United States since Luis Monge died in the Colorado gas chamber June 2, 1967."] ['The story takes place in the year 1944 in Lincoln Bluff, a fictional, small Colorado town.Movie profile on Hollywood.com'] ["The film documents the events that saw a French Captain, Alfred Dreyfus, sent to Devil's Island for espionage near the end of the nineteenth century. Colonel Georges Picquart  is given the job of justifying Dreyfus' sentence. Instead, he discovers that Dreyfus , a Jew, was merely a convenient scapegoat for the actions of the true culprit, a member of the French General staff. His attempt to right the wrong sees his military career ended and the famous French author, Emile Zola , found guilty of libel."] ['The movie opens with the brutal murder of San Francisco socialite Paige Forrester at her remote beach house. An intruder in a black mask ties her up in bed and kills her with a hunting knife. He writes the word \'Bitch\' on the wall above the bed with her blood. Her husband Jack Forrester  is devastated. To make matters worse, he is then arrested for her murder by Thomas Krasny , a posturing D.A.. Jack tries to hire high-profile lawyer Teddy Barnes  to defend him. Barnes used to work for Krasny, and she is reluctant to take the case, as she stopped working in criminal law after an incident with Krasny. Krasny runs into Barnes in a restaurant, where she is dining with her ex-husband. He tells her that "Henry Styles hanged himself in his cell," which clearly distresses her. Barnes visits Sam Ransom , a two-bit private detective who used to work for Krasny\'s office as well. He stopped private investigations at the same time that Barnes left Krasny\'s office, and it becomes clear that Styles\' case was the reason why. During her visit with Ransom, Barnes decides to take the case. In the course of preparing for the trial, Barnes and Forrester spend a great deal of time together, and eventually, they sleep together. Ransom warns Barnes that Forrester is just trying to make her care more about his case so that she won\'t lose it. She says, "I know that!" In the run-up to the trial, her office begins receiving anonymous typed letters that mention things about the case. All of the "t\'s" in the letters are slightly raised, and Ransom has the notes analyzed, determining that they were typed on a 1942 Corona typewriter. In a pre-trial meeting, Barnes tells the judge that Krasny has a history of not meeting his discovery obligations. She is warned about making such a claim without any evidence. The prosecution\'s case relies mainly on circumstantial evidence. A jilted woman claimed that Paige told her she was divorcing Jack, but Barnes discredits her with evidence, including a love letter, that her advances had been rejected by Jack, causing Paige to cut off all communication with her. The other main witness is a locker-room attendant at a private club who claims to have seen a hunting knife in Forrester\'s locker. Barnes discredits him by proving that the knife was in another member\'s locker. Krasny calls a witness who had an affair with Forrester. The details of her relationship with Forrester are eerily similar to the way he seduced Barnes. She is horrified and threatens to drop the case. She only agrees to proceed due to a sense of duty, though she now believes that Forrester is guilty. Another note arrives at her office saying, "He is innocent. Santa Cruz. January 21, 1984. Ask Julie Jensen." Barnes drives to Santa Cruz and interviews Jensen, who then testifies at the trial that she was attacked in the same manner as Paige Forrester. All the details match, but she says her attacker seemed to stop himself from killing her. As Krasny is busy objecting that the attack on Jensen is unrelated to the one on Forrester, he lets slip that his office had investigated the attack and not revealed it in discovery. In chambers, the judge threatens to have Krasny disbarred. It\'s become obvious that he\'s lost the case and that Barnes once again believes Forrester is innocent. Krasny seems deranged as he yells at Barnes that Forrester is guilty and not just a psychopath but an "iceman". Krasny insists that Forrester staged the earlier attack on Jensen in order to create an alibi of sorts for Paige\'s murder, which he had planned for eighteen months. Krasny also insists that Forrester has been sending Barnes the anonymous notes, leading her along. After the "not guilty" verdict is read, Barnes announces to the media that she left Krasny\'s office over the Henry Styles case, where Krasny suppressed evidence that proved Styles was innocent. Krasny walks off in disgust. Barnes goes over to Forrester\'s house to celebrate, and they sleep together again. In the morning, as she is changing the sheets on the bed, she discovers a Corona typewriter in his closet. She tests it by typing \'He is innocent,\' and the "t" is raised just as it was in the anonymous notes she received. She throws clothing over the typewriter and flees with it, pretending to Forrester that her little boy is sick. With Barnes back at home, Forrester calls to ask after her little boy, and she tells him that she found the typewriter. Forrester says he\'s baffled and that he\'s coming over. Barnes calls Ransom, breathless with fear and on the brink of telling him that Forrester is a killer, when a sudden calm comes over her face, and she instead murmurs something inconsequential and hangs up. The masked figure last seen in the opening scene breaks into her house and confronts her in her bedroom. She knew he\'d come and is waiting for him, covered up in bed. As he starts to attack, Barnes throws back the covers to reveal her gun. She shoots him multiple times until he falls to the floor. Ransom comes in with his gun drawn and unmasks the attacker: it is Forrester . "He was trash," Ransom says to Barnes.'] ["Seventeen-year-old Artemisia Gentileschi , the daughter of Orazio Gentileschi, a renowned Italian painter, exhibits her father's talent, and is encouraged by her father, who has no sons and wishes his art to survive after him. However, in the chauvinistic world of early-1600s Italy women are forbidden to paint human nudes or enter the Academy of Arts. Orazio allows his daughter to study in his studio—although he draws the line at letting her view nude males. She is direct and determined, and bribes the fisherman Fulvio with a kiss for letting her observe his body and draw him. Artemisia seeks the tutelage of Agostino Tassi , her father's collaborator in painting frescoes, to learn from him the art of perspective. Tassi, is a man notorious for his night-time debauchery. The two hone their skills as artists, but they also fall in love, and their relationship moves into the realm of physical pleasure. Artemisia's father spots the couple making love and files a lawsuit against Tassi for rape. In the subsequent trial, Artemisia's physical state is investigated by two nuns, and then she is tortured by thumbscrews. Nevertheless, even under torture, Artemisia denies being raped, and proclaims their mutual love. Tassi himself, devastated by her plight, admits to raping her in order to stop her ordeal. Merlet said of her film, “I didn’t want to show her as a victim but like a more modern woman who took her life into her own hands.”"] ["David Merrill , a director in 1950s Hollywood, returns from abroad to find that a rising tide of McCarthyism and the Red Scare has led to his not being allowed to work in films. He will only be allowed to direct once he implicates colleagues as Communist agents. He must decide whether to turn informant, or to stick to principle at the cost of his life's work."] ['Kevin Lomax, a defense attorney in Gainesville, Florida, has never lost a case. He defends a schoolteacher, Mr. Gettys, against a charge of child molestation. During the trial, Kevin realizes that his client is guilty, and a reporter tells him that a guilty verdict is all but inevitable. However, through a harsh cross-examination Kevin destroys the credibility of the victim, Barbara, and secures another not guilty verdict. As he celebrates, Kevin is approached by a representative of the New York law firm Milton, Chadwick & Waters, who offers him a large sum of money to help the firm with a jury selection. After Kevin\'s jury delivers a not guilty verdict, John Milton  offers him a large salary and a swanky apartment if he joins the firm. Despite warnings from his Evangelical Christian mother, Alice, about sinful big city life, Kevin accepts the job and moves with his wife Mary Ann to Manhattan. Kevin first defends a Voodoo sorcerer, Phillipe Moyez, who ritually sacrificed an animal. He compares the incident to kashrut law and claims that his client is protected under freedom of religion, winning the case. Kevin spends an increasing amount of time at work, leaving Mary Ann feeling isolated. Kevin\'s mother visits briefly, and tells Kevin she wants to take Mary Ann back to Gainesville after seeing her mental state; however, Kevin refuses to let her take Mary Ann. Kevin next defends Alexander Cullen, a billionaire accused of murdering his wife, his child and a maid. This case demands more of Kevin\'s time, further separating him from Mary Ann. He begins having fantasies about co-worker Christabella Andreoli, while Mary Ann shows signs of mental illness. Mary Ann claims that the wives of the other partners at the firm are demons after she sees their faces become demonic while trying on clothing with them. She also claims that someone has stolen her ovaries and can no longer get pregnant after having a dream where a baby plays with her ovaries and then becomes covered in blood. Milton suggests that Kevin step down from the trial, but Kevin refuses. Eddie Barzoon, the firm\'s managing attorney, is convinced that Kevin is competing for his job after finding his name in the company papers as a partner. Although Kevin denies any knowledge, Barzoon threatens to inform the United States Attorney\'s office about the situation. Kevin tells Milton about Barzoon\'s threats, but Milton is unconcerned, sarcastically dismissing Barzoon as "God\'s special little creature". At that moment, Barzoon is beaten to death by vagrants, who take on demonic appearances. Mary Ann witnesses this, further eroding her sanity. While preparing Cullen\'s mistress Melissa to testify about Cullen\'s alibi, Kevin realizes she is lying and tells Milton he believes Cullen is guilty. Milton offers to back Kevin regardless. Kevin decides to proceed with her testimony and wins an acquittal. After the trial, Kevin finds Mary Ann in a nearby church, naked and covered with cuts. She tells her husband that Milton raped and mutilated her, but Kevin saw Milton in court with him at the time of the alleged attack; he believes that Mary Ann injured herself, and has her committed. Kevin is approached by U.S. Attorney Weaver with knowledge of the law firm\'s illegal activities. Although Kevin tries walking away, he stops when Weaver tells him that Gettys was found with a dead girl in his car trunk. Following Kevin, Weaver walks into the street and is run over by a car. Alice and Pam, Kevin\'s case manager at the firm, visit Mary Ann. Alone with Mary Ann, Pam appears as a demon through a mirror. Mary Ann attacks Pam with the mirror and locks herself in the room. As Kevin tries to break down the door, Mary Ann takes a piece of broken glass from the mirror and cuts her throat with it, killing herself. Before he can mourn, Alice reveals that Milton is Kevin\'s father. Kevin leaves the hospital to confront Milton, who gleefully admits to raping Mary Ann. Kevin fires a pistol into Milton\'s chest, but the bullets have no effect. Kevin realizes that Milton is not only his father, but also Satan himself. Kevin blames Milton for everything that happened, but Milton explains that he merely "set the stage", and that Kevin could have left at any time. Kevin realizes that he always wanted to win, no matter the cost, and left Mary Ann behind. Milton explains that he wants Kevin and Christabella, who is Kevin\'s half-sister, to conceive a child: the Antichrist. He offers Kevin anything that he wants. However, when he asks about love and Milton dismisses it as overrated, Kevin rejects his Satanic heritage, cites free will and shoots himself in the head, ruining Milton\'s plan. Kevin wakes up during the recess of the Gettys trial. After embracing Mary Ann, Kevin announces that he can no longer represent his client, despite the threat of being disbarred. A reporter follows Kevin and Mary Ann, pleading for an interview and promising to make Kevin a star. After some prodding from Mary Ann, Kevin reluctantly agrees. After Kevin and Mary Ann leave, the reporter shapeshifts into a grinning Milton. Breaking the fourth wall, he says, "Vanity &mdash; definitely my favorite sin."'] ['Early morning in 1692 Salem, Massachusetts, some young village girls meet in the woods with a Barbadian slave named Tituba . One of the girls, Abigail Williams , kills a chicken and drinks the blood, wishing for John Proctor\'s wife to die. They are surprised by Abigail\'s uncle, Reverend Samuel Parris , who discovers them. As the girls run away, Parris\' daughter, Betty , falls over unconscious. Parris questions Abigail about the events that took place in the woods; Betty will not awaken, nor will Ruth , the daughter of Thomas and Ann Putnam , who was also dancing. This strikes Mrs. Putnam hard as she has had seven other children before Ruth who died at childbirth. The Parris house is also visited by Giles Corey , who suspects that the children are just acting their sicknesses, and John Proctor , with whom Abigail had an affair and whose wife she wants dead. Abigail still loves Proctor, but Proctor feels that he made a mistake and leaves her. The Putnams and Reverend Parris believe that Betty and Ruth are demonically possessed, so they call Reverend John Hale  from Beverly, to examine Betty. To save herself and the other girls from punishment, Abigail claims that Tituba was working with the devil. After a brutal whipping, Tituba confesses to being a witch. Struck by their newfound power, the other girls begin naming other women whom they "saw" with the devil. One of these is Elizabeth Proctor , John Proctor\'s wife. John, determined not to give his lover her vengeance, insists that his servant, Mary Warren , one of the "afflicted" girls, testify in court that the witchcraft was faked. Although Mary Warren is frightened of Abigail, she eventually agrees. In the court, Francis Nurse gives a list of names of people who vouch for the accused; in response, the judges order that all on the list be arrested and brought in for questioning. Giles Corey insists that when Ruth Putnam accused Rebecca Nurse , Mr. Putnam was heard to tell his daughter that she had won him a "fine gift of land" . Corey refuses to give the name of the person who heard this remark, and the judges order Corey\'s arrest. Meanwhile, Mary Warren insists that she only thought she saw spirits. John is told that Elizabeth is pregnant and will be spared from death until the baby is born, but he insists on charging the girls with false witness. The other girls are called in and asked if they were lying about the witchcraft but cause a commotion, screaming that Mary Warren is putting a spell on them. Proctor, out of pure desperation, confesses to having had an affair with Abigail and that she accused Elizabeth to get rid of her in order to be able to marry him. Elizabeth is called in to see if the accusation is true. However, not knowing that John confessed and wanting to save his reputation, she lies. The girls turn the court further against the Proctors by screaming that Mary Warren is attacking them in the form of a yellow bird. To save herself from being hanged as a witch, Mary Warren accuses John. When asked if he will return to God, John despairingly yells "I say God is dead!" and is arrested as a witch. On the day before John is to be hanged, Abigail attempts to convince the court that Reverend Hale\'s wife is also a witch; this plot backfires on her as the judges believe that a reverend\'s wife is too clean to be possessed by Satan. In time, the girls become outcasts and Abigail steals Reverend Parris\'s money to catch a ship to flee to Barbados, but not before asking John to go with her, telling him she never wished any of this on him. He refuses. On the eve of John\'s hanging, Parris, fearing that his execution will cause riots in Salem directed at him, allows John to meet with Elizabeth to see if she can make her husband "confess" to save his life. John agrees. The judges insist that the confession must be publicly displayed to prove his guilt and to convince others to confess, but John angrily tears up the confession, determined to keep his name pure for his sons. He is taken away to be hanged. Before being hanged, he, Rebecca Nurse and Martha Corey recite the Lord\'s Prayer.'] ['Michael Clayton  is a "fixer" from the prestigious New York City law firm, using his connections and his knowledge of legal loopholes for his clients\' benefit. After leaving an underground poker game and dealing with a wealthy client\'s  hit and run, Michael drives aimlessly and stops at a remote field. When he leaves his car to admire some horses, it explodes behind him. Four days earlier, one of the firm\'s leading attorneys, Arthur Edens , has a bizarre outburst in the middle of a deposition in Milwaukee involving a class action lawsuit against U-North, an agricultural products conglomerate. Michael arrives in Milwaukee and bails Arthur out of jail, but he escapes from their hotel room in the middle of the night. Meanwhile, Karen Crowder , U-North\'s general counsel, discovers that Arthur had come into possession of a confidential U-North document detailing the company\'s decision to manufacture a weed killer that it knew to be carcinogenic. She hires two men ([[Robert Prescott  to follow him and plant bugs in his apartment and phone. When they realize that Arthur is building a case against his own client, Karen asks that he be permanently incapacitated. They assassinate Arthur in a manner designed to resemble natural causes. Michael is saddened by the news of Arthur\'s death, but becomes suspicious upon learning that U-North was planning a settlement just a few days before and that Arthur had booked a flight for one of the plaintiffs, Anna . He learns from Anna that she told no one of her conversations with Arthur, not even her attorney, arousing in Michael further suspicion about how his firm came to know of Arthur\'s conversations with the U-North class members. With the help of his other brother Gene  in the police department Michael gets access to Arthur\'s sealed apartment and discovers a receipt from a copy store. Upon investigation, he discovers that Arthur had ordered three thousand copies of the confidential U-North document. Michael takes a copy with him, but the two hit men are tailing him and inform Karen of the situation. Michael is about to show his boss, Marty Bach , what he has discovered, only to be offered a renewal of his employment contract as well as an $80,000 bonus he had requested to cover his debt, although it comes with a confidentiality agreement to prevent him from ever shaking down the firm. One of the hit men rigs his car with a bomb. Michael receives a phone call summoning him to the meeting with the client in Westchester County who had committed a hit-and-run, as seen at the start of the movie. He is being followed by the two men, but they have trouble tailing him. The surveillance team, still off but near Michael\'s trail, detonates the remote bomb while he is out of the car. An unharmed but surprised Michael runs back to his car and throws his personal effects inside, faking his own death. Later, at a U-North board meeting, Karen proposes approval of a new settlement agreement. Michael is waiting for her when she exits the conference, and informs her that he has access to copies of the U-North memo and that he knows about her role in Arthur\'s murder. He goads Karen into offering him $10 million for his silence. Karen reluctantly agrees, prompting Michael to reveal the phone in his pocket that has conveyed their conversation to the police. As he walks away, Karen falls to her knees in shock while detectives rush forward to arrest her. Michael leaves the building and hails a cab, he passes the driver 50 dollars and tells him to "just drive."'] ['On a moonlit, tropical night, the native workers are asleep in their outdoor barracks. A shot is heard; the door of a house opens and a man stumbles out of it, followed by a woman who calmly shoots him several more times, the last few while standing over his body. The woman is Leslie Crosbie , the wife of a British rubber plantation manager in Malaya; the man whom she shot her manservant recognizes as Geoff Hammond , a well-regarded member of the European community. Leslie tells the servant to send for her husband Robert , who is working at one of the plantations. Her husband returns, having summoned his attorney and a British police inspector. Leslie tells them that Geoff Hammond "tried to make love to me" and that she killed him to save her honor. Leslie is placed under arrest and put in jail in Singapore to await trial for murder; that she killed a man makes such a trial inevitable, even though the white community accepts her story and believes she acted heroically. Only her attorney, Howard Joyce , is rather suspicious. Howard\'s suspicions seem justified when his clerk, Ong Chi Seng , shows him a copy of a letter Leslie wrote to Hammond the day she killed him, telling him that her husband would be away that evening, and pleading with him to come--implicitly threatening him if he did not come. Ong Chi Seng tells Howard that the original letter is in the possession of Hammond\'s widow , a Eurasian woman who lives in the Chinese quarter of town. The letter is for sale, and Ong himself, whom Howard had believed to be impeccable, stands to receive a substantial cut of the price. Howard then confronts Leslie with the damning evidence and she breaks down and confesses to Hammond\'s cold-blooded killing. Yet Leslie cleverly manipulates the attorney into agreeing to buy back the letter, even though in doing so he will risk his own freedom. Because the couple\'s bank account is in Robert\'s name, Howard obtains Robert\'s consent to buy the letter, but he does so deceitfully, lying about and trivializing its content, leaving out the true circumstances, and giving the man no idea that the price is equivalent to almost all the money he has in the bank. Robert, depicted as a decent man thoroughly in love with Leslie and somewhat gullible, is readily persuaded. Hammond\'s widow demands that Leslie come personally to hand over the $10,000 for the letter  and requires Leslie to debase herself by picking up the letter at the widow\'s feet. With the letter suppressed, Leslie is easily acquitted. During a celebration after the trial, when Robert announces that he plans to draw his savings out of his account in order to buy a rubber plantation in Sumatra, Howard and Leslie are forced to tell him that his savings are gone, that the impact of the letter would have hanged Leslie and its price was accordingly high. After demanding to see the letter, Robert is devastated to learn from Leslie that Hammond was her lover for years and that she killed him out of jealousy, but he offers to forgive her if she can swear that she loves him. Leslie at first agrees and tells him she loves him, but she then breaks down and confesses, "With all my heart, I still love the man I killed!" In a dazed state after the pressure of the trial and her confrontation with Robert, Leslie wanders out into the moonlight and outside the gate. There she is confronted by Mrs. Hammond and her henchman, a man who had worked for Leslie, a native not seen since the first scene of the film. The henchman overpowers Leslie and Mrs. Hammond stabs her. As the two attempt to silently slip out, they are confronted by a policeman. The clouds blot out the moonlight and darken the area where Leslie was killed; then the clouds open and the moon\'s rays shine where her body lies, but no one is there to see it.'] ["Angel Chavez  is a Mexican American who lives in the small California town of San Juno. During an annual event called Bass Night held at the town beach, he has wandered into the beach which is off-limits to Mexican Americans. There he meets up with a non-Hispanic girl from his high school class. She is suddenly struck down by a heart attack and dies. Angel is arrested and charged with murder. The film then cuts to the State University where a law professor, David Blake , is told he can no longer teach because he has never been to court to defend a client. Blake asks if he finds work with a law firm for the summer and gets courtroom experience, would he be able to teach in the fall semester. The dean agrees and Blake goes out to find work. He goes to a small law firm run by Bernard Castle ([[Arthur Kennedy . Castle wants to defend Angel Chavez and agrees to hire Blake to handle the case. Castle then leaves on a trip to New York City to raise money to defend Chavez with Angel's Mother . He leaves behind his law clerk Abbe Nyle  to help Blake and they soon fall in love. During the picking of a jury, Blake is called to New York to join Barney at a rally and discovers that Barney is a leader in a Communist group and he is using David as a propaganda tool. David is insulted and betrayed by Barney but he soon returns to San Juno to see the trial to the end."] ["Erksine, a family man, is the director and chief of staff of New Horizons, a group home and counseling center for abused boys. Glen is a child psychologist who meets a new patient named Tommy Jackson, who is a victim of emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. At New Horizons, Tommy's life finally seems to be coming together, until it is revealed that he is being molested by one of the counselors. Tommy accuses Erskine, the one he believes is responsible, and brings him to court in a high profile child sex abuse scandal."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Cardinal Wolsey summoning Sir Thomas More to his palace at Hampton Court. Desiring his support in obtaining a divorce from the Pope so that Henry VIII of England can marry Anne Boleyn, Wolsey chastises More for being the only member of the Privy Council to argue against him. When More states that the Pope will never grant a divorce, he is scandalised by Wolsey\'s suggestion that they apply "pressure" in order to force the issue. More refuses to support continued efforts to secure an annulment for Henry VIII from the Pope as legal and religious options having been exhausted, provide no grounds for the Pope to issue an annulment. Returning by a River Thames ferry to his home at Chelsea, More finds Richard Rich, a young acquaintance from Cambridge waiting by the dock for his return. An ambitious young man, who is drawn to the allure of power, Rich pleads with More for a position at Court, but More, citing the various corruptions there, advises him to become a teacher instead. Entering the house, More finds his daughter Meg with a young Lutheran named William Roper, who announces his desire to marry her. More, a devout Catholic, announces that his answer is "no" as long as Roper remains a heretic. Shortly afterwards, Wolsey dies, banished from Court in disgrace, having failed to coerce a divorce from the Pope. King Henry appoints More as Lord Chancellor of England. Soon after, the King makes an "impromptu" visit by barge at More\'s home in Chelsea to inquire about his divorce. Sir Thomas, not wishing to admit that his conscience forbids him to dissolve what he considers a valid marriage, remains unmoved as the King alternates thinly-veiled threats with promises of unbounded Royal favour. When More finally refers to Catherine as "the Queen," the King explodes into a raging tantrum. Storming off in a huff, King Henry returns to his barge and orders the oarsmen to cast off. His courtiers are left to run through the mud and into the river to catch up as the King laughs hysterically at their predicament. At the embankment, Rich is approached by Thomas Cromwell, a member of Henry\'s court and political adversary of More. Cromwell subtly inquires whether Rich has information that could damage More\'s reputation, in exchange for a position at Court. Roper, learning of More\'s quarrel with the King, reveals that his religious opinions have altered considerably. He declares that by attacking the Catholic Church, the King has become "the Devil\'s minister." An alarmed More admonishes him to be more guarded as Rich arrives, pleading again for a position at Court. When More again refuses, Rich denounces More\'s steward as a spy for Cromwell. Now, More and his family, including wife Alice learn the ugly truth: Rich is being manipulated by Cromwell to spy on him. As a humiliated Rich leaves, More\'s family pleads with him to have Rich arrested. More refuses, stating that Rich, while dangerous, has broken no law. Still seeking a position at Court, Rich enlists Cromwell\'s patronage and joins him in attempting to bring down More. Henry, tired of awaiting for an annulment from the Vatican, redefines the Catholic Church in England by declaring himself "Supreme Head of the Church in England." He demands that both the bishops and Parliament renounce all allegiance to the Holy See. More quietly resigns his post as Chancellor rather than accept the new order. As he does so, his close friend, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, attempts to draw his opinions out as part of a friendly chat with no witnesses present. More, however, knows that the time for speaking openly of such matters is over. The King will not be appeased. It is suggested that More attend his wedding to Anne Boleyn. More declines and is summoned again to Hampton Court, now occupied by Cromwell. More is interrogated on his opinions but refuses to answer, citing it as his right under English Law. Cromwell angrily declares that the King now views him as a traitor. More returns home and is met by his daughter. Meg informs him that a new oath about the marriage is being circulated and that all must take it on pain of high treason. Initially, More says he would be willing to take the oath, provided it does not conflict with his principles. One issue for More is that the King cannot declare himself to be the head of the Catholic Church as the head of the Catholic Church is the Pope. However, an expert in the law, More knows that if he does not state why he is opposed to taking the oath, he cannot be considered a traitor to the King; More refuses to take the oath and is imprisoned in the Tower of London regardless. In spite of the bullying tactics of Cromwell, the subtle manipulation of Archbishop Thomas Cranmer and the pleadings of both Norfolk and his family, More remains steadfast in his refusal to take the oath. When he is finally brought to trial, he remains silent until after being convicted of treason on the perjured testimony of Richard Rich. He is then informed that Rich had been appointed as Attorney General for Wales as a reward. Now having nothing left to lose, More angrily denounces the illegal nature of the King\'s actions, citing the Biblical basis for the authority of the Papacy over Christendom. He further declares that the immunity of the Church from State interference is guaranteed both in Magna Carta and in the King\'s own Coronation Oath. As the spectators scream in protest, More is condemned to death. A narrator intones the epilogue. :Thomas More\'s head was stuck on Traitor\'s Gate for a month. Then his daughter, Margaret, removed it and kept it \'til her death. Cromwell was beheaded for high treason five years after More. The Archbishop was burned at the stake. The Duke of Norfolk should have been executed for high treason but the King died of syphilis the night before. Richard Rich became Chancellor of England and died in his bed.'] ['Attorney Ben Chase successfully defends Martin Thiel, a wealthy young psychopathic playboy, getting him acquitted of a series of brutal murders &mdash; only to find out later that Thiel is indeed a serial killer. Since Thiel cannot be tried again for his crimes, Chase tries to get him to incriminate himself before he can kill again.'] ['Seattle software company DigiCom is about to merge with a publishing company, and company founder and president Bob Garvin  is about to retire. Tom Sanders , head of manufacturing, expects to be promoted to run DigiCom after the merger. However, he learns that the post instead went to operations executive Meredith Johnson , a former girlfriend from long ago. Garvin introduces Meredith to her new associates. Co-workers like Mark Lewyn  comment to Tom on how attractive Meredith is. Others like chief financial officer Stephanie Kaplan  seem to be aware that Tom and Meredith had a relationship in the past. Late that evening, Meredith calls Tom into her office, ostensibly to discuss a project he is working on. Meredith aggressively tries to resume her romantic relationship with him. Tom resists  as he is now a married family man. He repeatedly tells Meredith "No." Meredith ignores Tom, aggressively forcing herself on him. Tom initially gives in, but after catching a glimpse of himself in a mirror, he regains control and pushes Meredith to the ground. As he leaves, Meredith threatens to make him pay for spurning her. The next day, Tom discovers that Meredith alleged sexual harassment against him to DigiCom. Colleagues refuse to believe his protestations of innocence and the company pressures him to accept reassignment to the company\'s Austin office. Tom does not want to do this, as he would lose his stock options, ruining his career and family. However, since no one believes his story and Meredith is now his boss, he appears to have no choice but to accept reassignment or be fired. Just as all seems hopeless, Tom receives an e-mail from someone identified only as "A Friend." It directs him to Seattle attorney Catherine Alvarez , who specializes in sexual harassment cases. Tom counter-sues, alleging that Meredith is the one who harassed him. Evidence is produced that supports Tom\'s story and refutes Meredith\'s testimony before a court mediator. The company backs down and gives him a large pay raise. Tom is celebrating his apparent victory, but receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. It turns out that Meredith and Garvin\'s assistant, Philip Blackburn , changed the quality control specifications at the Malaysian plant manufacturing DigiCom\'s new advanced CD-ROM drive. The changes resulted in severe defects in the drive, and Meredith and Phil are trying to cover their tracks by getting Tom to take the fall for them. They plan to pin the blame on him at a conference the next day announcing the merger. The plan is to make Tom look incompetent, thereby giving them a valid reason to fire him. Tom cannot access a company computer to investigate because Meredith has locked him out of the system. He spends a tense and frantic night getting the information through a Virtual Reality demonstration machine left in the hotel room of executives from the merging company, with help from a colleague who owes him a favor. Armed with this information, he manages to again turn the tables on Meredith, exposing her involvement and getting her fired instead. Tom thinks this puts him back in the running to helm DigiCom, but Garvin instead names Stephanie, the low-key CFO, as his successor. Tom heartily approves. It occurs to him that her son, Spencer , could very well be the "friend" responsible for helping him via e-mail. With a knowing look, Spencer does not deny this. In the end, Tom is left in the same position he was in at the beginning of the film, but only after a narrow escape. He is left musing over the fact that two women  were responsible for saving him.'] ['"Rusty" Sabich  is a prosecutor and the right-hand man of Prosecuting Attorney Raymond Horgan . When his colleague Carolyn Polhemus  is found raped and murdered in her apartment, Raymond insists that Rusty take charge of the investigation. The election for County PA is approaching and Tommy Molto , the acting head of Homicide, has left to join the rival campaign of Nico Della Guardia . Rusty, a married man, faces a conflict of interest since he had an affair with Carolyn. When he showed little ambition, and would therefore be of little use to her career, she dumped him. He has since made up with his wife, , but is still obsessed with Carolyn. Detective Greer  is initially in charge of the case, but Sabich has him replaced with Detective Lipranzer , whom he persuades to narrow the inquiry so that his relationship with Carolyn is left out. Rusty soon realizes that Molto is making his own inquiries. Aspects of the crime suggest that the killer knew police evidence-gathering procedures and covered it up accordingly. Semen has been found in the victim\'s body but contains only dead sperm. The killer\'s blood type was A, the same as Sabich\'s. When Nico wins the election, he and Molto accuse Rusty of the crime and push to get evidence against him. They have Rusty\'s fingerprints on a beer glass from Carolyn\'s apartment, and fibers from his carpet at home match those found on her body. Lipranzer is removed from the case and Greer\'s inquiries uncover the affair. Rusty calls on "Sandy" Stern , a top defense attorney, who agrees to take the case. At trial, it is revealed that the beer glass is missing. This was a crucial piece of the prosecution\'s case and Sandy persuades Judge Larren Lyttle  to keep this from the jury. Raymond testifies and perjures himself, claiming that Rusty insisted on handling the investigation, thus confirming the prosecution\'s claim of a cover-up. Rusty discovers that Carolyn had acquired a file for a bribery case involving a man called Leon who paid a bribe to get his case thrown out of court. The probation officer who set the whole thing up was Carolyn and the deputy prosecutor in charge of the case was Molto. The thrust of Sandy\'s defense is that Molto and Nico have set Rusty up as part of a cover-up of the bribery case. Lipranzer tracks down Leon and he reveals that the official who took the bribe was in fact Larren Lyttle, the judge handling Rusty\'s trial. During the cross-examination of the coroner Dr. Kumagai , it is revealed that Carolyn had undergone a tubal ligation, making it impossible for her to become pregnant. She would have no reason to use the spermicidal contraceptive which was found on her. Sandy asserts that the only explanation for this discrepancy is that the fluid sample was not actually taken from Carolyn\'s body. Based on the disappearance of the beer glass, the lack of motive, and the fact that the fluid sample was rendered meaningless, there is no direct evidence to tie Rusty to the murder. Judge Lyttle dismisses the charges. Sandy admits that he and Raymond knew Lyttle was taking bribes, and Carolyn was his courier. Lyttle offered his resignation, but Raymond believed that he was a brilliant judge and should be given another chance. Lipranzer reveals to Rusty that he has the beer glass, which he never returned to the evidence room. Molto signed it as "returned to evidence" when it was still at the lab and, when it was returned to Lip, he kept it in his desk drawer. Rusty throws the beer glass into the river. Some time later, Rusty comes across a small hatchet with blood and hair on it and realizes that they are Carolyn\'s. He confronts his wife, and, referring to herself in the third person, she relates how she committed the crime. She assumed it would be filed under unsolved cases, not anticipating he would be charged with the murder. In a final voice-over he says that the murder of Carolyn has been written off as unsolved.'] ["Fourteen-year-old high school student, Amy Dustin, becomes an object of romantic affection to the school's biology teacher and football coach, Pete Nash. They take a sudden interest in each other, sending each other notes and talking on the telephone. Although Pete has a family, the two begin a secret relationship. People then begin to suspect that Pete and Amy are having an affair. It is revealed that another reason for the students' gossip is that Pete had trouble in the past concerning an affair with student Missy Ross. He denies these allegations when Amy confronts him about the rumours. One night, she spends the night at Pete's house because Pete convinced his daughter to invite Amy to a sleepover. During the night, Pete wakes Amy up and then convinces her to sleep with him. This upsets her, but she still feels that she is in love with him. Meanwhile, Kimberly Jones, one of her best friends, worries about their relationship, thinking it isn't healthy. She reports it to the principal who dismisses her allegations because the principal thinks that Kimberly is telling falsehoods because she is jealous of her friend. Amy is constantly being pursued at school by Pete, who often takes her to a closet in the classroom in order to kiss her. She doesn't like what he is doing and starts spending time with student Cory Wilkins. One night, she accompanies Cory to a party and dances with him. Pete observes her behaviour and is infuriated. In front of a crowd of people, he drags Amy away from Cory. Although his actions grab the attention of all the people at the party, no one intervenes. Amy then tries to break off their affair because she is uncomfortable with the way in which things are moving, but Pete is able to win back her trust. The next day, her father is informed about what happened at the party. Norm confronts him, but Pete convinces him that he was only acting in Amy's best interests because Cory has a bad reputation. Norm is placated somewhat. While on a camping trip, Amy's friend Kelly catches Pete and Amy kissing. Upon confronting her, Amy tells her about her relationship with her teacher and states that she is in love with Pete. Things become even more difficult and uncomfortable for Amy when her mother, Betty Ann, finds a love letter to her daughter from Pete. She immediately reports it to the high school principal. Matters are complicated because Amy and Pete both deny an affair. For this reason, the principal is unable to do anything about it. When Amy decides to break off the affair, Pete will not leave her alone and his actions become even more irrational than they were before. Amy then admits everything to her parents and Pete is arrested. He receives a jail sentence of five months as well as a 10 year period of probation. Betty Ann decides to sue the school as well, because the school failed to act in spite of convincing evidence that supported the fact that an affair between a teacher and a student took place. Instead of the students showing sympathy towards Amy, they act hostile towards her because Coach Nash was suspended from his job before an important football game. The fact that her friends think that she was just as much to blame as Pete heightens Amy's feelings of rejection and isolation. When the Dustin house is vandalized, Amy considers dropping the case because she feels that the trouble she and her family have had to endure is not worth it. In the end, she changes her mind and decides to go through with it. She is motivated by her strong feelings that she does not want someone else to experience what she endured."] ['Fresh out of law school, Robin "Stormy" Weathers cannot stand the tediousness of case filing and research. Desperately wanting to "practice law" and go to trial, one morning he intentionally withholds the fact that a trial is scheduled to begin that very afternoon to compel his superiors to let him try the case because he is the only one familiar with the facts of the case. During his meeting with the client , the banker declares the "simple assault case" to be a no-winner , but wants the one-day trial to some how be stretched to three days to run up the other banker\'s court fees. Weathers prolongs the case by creating a 1st Amendment constitutional challenge as to the admissibility of the word "asshole." Escalating the case into a media frenzy, the senior partners of the law firm are embarrassed by Weathers\' behavior and unconventional methods and try to fire him. The client retaliates on Weathers\' behalf threatening to take the bank\'s business elsewhere. Weathers appears to be crafty and intuitive, but in reality, had conspired with the other attorney  to stage a brilliant legal engagement to make themselves look good. Almost like a gameshow, Weathers wins the trial and in doing so attracts a plethora of new clients to the firm which skyrockets him to be a junior partner. In an act of unfair retaliation, Weathers is assigned to be lead defense counsel in a first-degree murder case involving a university professor  who is almost certainly guilty of bludgeoning a prostitute to death with the claw of a hammer. Benoit wanted Weathers because he saw him in the previous case. Weathers takes the case and his loud and odd courtroom behavior soon amazes the judge, the spectators and sometimes embarrasses his girlfriend. Determined to impress his employers by winning a verdict of not guilty, no matter what, his courtroom antics soon visibly gain even the jury\'s favor and raise the likelihood of acquittal. Weathers unsuccessfully tries to get Benoit to accept a plea-bargain to manslaughter charges and soon discovers that Benoit is guilty by a veiled confession where Benoit vividly describes to him the "clarity of mind" it takes for a man to be able to split someone\'s skull open with the claw of a hammer while the person remains alive. Weathers becomes conflicted between his sense of duty and ethics and his moral obligation to see Benoit pay for his crime. Despite the possibility of being disbarred, he decides to antagonize Benoit into a confession on the stand. Benoit is decidedly found guilty.'] ['Sam Dawson , a man with a developmental disability, is the single father of Lucy , following their abandonment by her mother. Despite his limitations, Sam is well-adjusted and has a supportive group of friends with developmental disabilities, as well as a kind, agoraphobic neighbor Annie  who takes care of Lucy when Sam cannot. Though Sam provides a loving and caring environment for precocious Lucy, she soon surpasses his mental ability. Other children tease her for having a "retard" as a father, and she becomes too embarrassed to accept that she is more intellectually advanced than Sam. In preparation for a custody case, a social worker turns up at Lucy\'s birthday party and takes her away, allowing Sam two supervised visits per week. On the advice of his friends, Sam approaches a high-powered lawyer, Rita Harrison , whose brusque manner, fast-paced schedule and difficult personal life have earned her a reputation as cold and unfeeling. In an attempt to prove to others that she is not heartless, Rita surprisingly agrees to take on Sam\'s case pro bono. As they work together to secure Sam\'s parental rights, Sam unwittingly helps Rita with her family problems, including encouraging her to leave her philandering husband and repairing her factious relationship with her son. At the trial, Sam breaks down after opposing counsel convinces him that he is not capable of being a father. After the trial, Lucy resides in a foster home with Randy Carpenter , but tries to convince Sam to help her run away, and continually escapes in the middle of the night to go to Sam\'s apartment, whereupon he immediately returns her. Ultimately, the foster family who planned to adopt Lucy decide to return her to Sam, with an arrangement that Randy will help him raise her. The final scene depicts a soccer game, refereed by Sam, in which Lucy participates as a player. In attendance are the foster family, Sam\'s friendship group, and a newly-single Rita with her son.'] ['In the film, two young white women  accuse nine black youths of rape in the segregated South. Timothy Hutton stars as criminal defense attorney Samuel Leibowitz. The film begins after the first trial of the nine in the present-day bustling city of Scottsboro, Alabama. Samuel Leibowitz, a successful Jewish lawyer from New York is called down past the Mason-Dixon Line to defend the nine blacks.'] [' In the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, small-town lawyer Paul Biegler , a former district attorney who lost his re-election bid, spends most of his time fishing, playing the piano and hanging out with his alcoholic friend and colleague Parnell McCarthy  and sardonic secretary Maida Rutledge . One day Biegler is contacted by Laura Manion , wife of the loutish US Army Lieutenant Frederick "Manny" Manion , who has been arrested for the first degree murder of innkeeper Barney Quill. Manion does not deny the murder, but claims that his wife was raped by Quill. Even with such a motivation, it would be difficult to get Manion cleared of murder, so Biegler pushes him into a position where he claims to have no memory of the event, thus giving them a chance of winning his freedom with a defense of irresistible impulse &mdash; a version of a temporary insanity defense. As he sets about preparing his case, Biegler catches Laura Manion flirting with other army officers during a roadhouse party. He has to practically order her to stay away from "men, juke joints, booze, and pinball machines" and wear a girdle in order to play the part of a "meek little housewife" rather than that of a happy-go-lucky party girl. She also agrees to give up her tight-fitting clothes and wears a formal dress, glasses, a hat and a woman\'s suit in court. Biegler\'s folksy speech and laid-back demeanor hide a sharp legal mind and a propensity for courtroom theatrics that has the judge busy keeping things under control. However, the case for the defense does not go well, especially since the local D.A.  is assisted by a high-powered big city prosecutor named Claude Dancer . Furthermore, the prosecution goes all the way to block any mention of Manion\'s motive for killing Quill, i.e. the raping of Laura. Biegler eventually manages to get the rape issue into the record and Judge Weaver  agrees to allow the matter to be part of the deliberations. However, Dancer\'s cross-examination of Laura effectively portrays her as a woman who was not satisfied with her marriage and openly flirted with other men, including the one she claimed raped her. A doctor casts doubt on whether she was raped or not, though Biegler questions the method he used to obtain the results, and psychiatrists give conflicting testimony to Manion\'s state of mind when he killed Quill. Furthermore it comes out that even Lt. Manion doubted his wife, as Laura, a Catholic, had to swear on a rosary to persuade her husband that the sex with Quill was indeed non-consensual. Quill\'s inn is due to be inherited by Mary Pilant , a mysterious Canadian who is suspected of being his mistress. Inquiries by Biegler\'s partner Parnell McCarthy, however, reveal that she is in fact Quill\'s daughter, but is anxious to keep this secret since she was born out of wedlock. Biegler, who is losing the case, tries to persuade her that Al Paquette , a bartender who witnessed the murder, knows that Quill raped Laura but is covering this up, either out of love for Mary or loyalty to his late friend. Through Mary, Biegler tries to persuade Paquette to testify for the defense on these grounds but he refuses. Annoyed, Biegler leaves saying: "I\'ll leave a pass for you and Al at the trial. You might like to watch Lt. Manion get convicted." Mary does actually attend the final day of the trial when the issue is raised about the panties that Laura was wearing on the night of the murder. These panties were never found at the spot she claims the rape took place. Mary, who was unaware of this, later returns to testify that she found the panties in the inn\'s laundry room, presuming that Quill dropped them down the laundry chute when he returned home. Dancer insistently quizzes her that she was lying and that Quill was her lover. She shocks the court and torpedoes Dancer by stating that Quill was her father. Biegler has played heavily on the issue that he is "just a humble country lawyer" facing a "brilliant prosecutor from the big city of Lansing", a factor which has played well with the jury. After the closing speeches, however, he privately admits that Dancer delivered the "best summary I\'ve ever heard in a courtroom". It is to no avail, however: Manion is found "not guilty by reason of insanity". The next day Biegler and McCarthy go to see the Manions at their trailer park home in order to collect their fee only to find the trailer missing. A note left by Manion tells Biegler that he was "seized by an irresistible impulse" &mdash; the defense used by Biegler during the trial. Evidence left lying around indicates that Manion was actually a heavy drinker who beat Laura before they left. This might indicate that Laura\'s sexual encounter with Quill was consensual  and that Manion killed Quill out of drunken jealousy; or that Laura was raped but that Manion killed Quill in a drunken rage and not due to irresistible impulse. Biegler suggests to McCarthy that they solicit Mary Pilant to administer Barney Quill\'s estate, quipping that it would be "poetic justice."'] ['An isolated and lonely farmer in rural Mississippi takes in a pregnant drifter who has been abandoned by the father of her child.'] ["While traveling in London, Jeffrey Buckenham , a Canadian Second World War veteran, sees Sir Mark Sebastian Loddon  on television leading a tour of his grand family home. Buckenham was held in a German POW camp with Loddon, and while watching him, becomes convinced that he is in fact another former POW, Frank Wellney, an actor . Buckenham publicly announces his suspicion that Wellney murdered Loddon during an escape from the POW camp, and has taken the young nobleman's place. Loddon sues Buckenham for libel, but his mind is still battered by some terrible incident that occurred during his escape fifteen years before, and in time even his loyal wife  begins to doubt him."] ['A lower class woman, Holly Parker , marries into the rich Anderson family. Her husband\'s mother  looks down on her and keeps a watchful eye on her activities. Due to her husband\'s frequent and long trips abroad, Holly forms a relationship with a well-known playboy . When her lover accidentally dies, and only her mother-in-law knows she is innocent, the latter blackmails her into disappearing into the night during a planned boat trip, leaving her husband  and young son thinking she has died. She then slowly sinks into depravity all over the world, only to be brought back to America under false assumptions by a "friend"  who plans on blackmailing her family. When she realizes that the man intends to reveal who she is to her son, she shoots the man to stop him. The police arrest her and refusing to reveal her identity, she signs a confession with the letter "X." As fate would have it, the court assigns a defense attorney who happens to be her long-lost son .'] ['Lorenzo "Shakes" Carcaterra , Thomas "Tommy" Marcano , Michael Sullivan , and John Reilly  are four childhood friends who grew up in Hell\'s Kitchen, New York City in the mid-1960s. During this time, the local priest, Father Bobby Carillo , plays a very important part in their lives and keeps an eye on them. However, early on they start running small errands for a local gangster, King Benny . On a summer day in 1967, their lives take a sharp turn when they nearly kill a man after pulling a prank on a hot dog vendor. As punishment, they are all sentenced to serve a year or less at the Wilkinson Home for Boys in Upstate New York. There, the boys are systematically beaten, abused, and raped by guards Sean Nokes , Henry Addison , Ralph Ferguson  and Adam Styler . These traumatic events change the boys and their friendship forever. Fourteen years later, John  and Tommy , now gangsters, find Sean Nokes in a Hell\'s Kitchen pub. After reintroducing themselves to Nokes, they both shoot him dead in front of 4 witnesses. Michael , now an assistant District Attorney, arranges to be assigned to the case as the prosecution attorney, secretly intending to botch the prosecution to use it as a means of getting revenge. Moreover, he and Shakes , who now works for a newspaper, begin forging a plan to get their revenge on all the guards who abused them. Together with many of their lifelong friends, especially Carol , a social worker, and King Benny, they manage to carry out their revenge using information on all the Wilkinson guards previously compiled by Michael. They hire Danny Snyder , a washed-up, alcoholic lawyer, to defend John and Tommy to make it seem as if the case is hopeless, allowing them to carry out their plan without being watched. However, to clinch the case they need a key witness who can give John and Tommy an alibi. Shakes has a long talk with Father Bobby, and tells him about the abuse they suffered at Wilkinson. After a few days of soul-searching, Father Bobby agrees to lie on the stand about where John and Tommy were on the night of the shooting; the priest swears under oath that they were with him at Madison Square Garden at a New York Knicks basketball game. As a result, they are acquitted, and Ferguson exposes himself and Nokes as abusers when called as a character witness in court. The remaining guards are also punished for their crimes: Addison is killed by the drug gang run by the older brother of Rizzo, a boy killed years before in the Wilkinson Home; and Styler, a corrupt policeman accused of extorting and killing a drug dealer, is exposed and arrested. After the case is over, Michael quits his job as an attorney and moves to the English countryside where he becomes a carpenter; Tommy is murdered and John drinks himself to death; neither of them see their 30th birthdays.'] ["The movie Danton opens in the spring of 1794, when the Reign of Terror was in full swing. On the borders of Paris, any vehicles entering Paris, including Danton, who has just ridden in, are being searched. As he rides through Paris, we are given grim reminders of the conditions of the Revolution: people are still cold and hungry and the shining guillotine is on display for all to see. Robespierre, on the other hand, is sick in his bed. His landlady's daughter, Éléonore Duplay, attempts to comfort him, but is unable to. Her nephew, whom she is taking care of, is meanwhile being made to memorize lines from the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen. Back in the streets of Paris, starving lines of people, waiting for bread, discuss the possible reasons for the lack of it. Whether or not it is an enemy plot, the people do know that they are hungry, and that hunger leads to revolt. Once the bread store actually opens, and they finally begin to receive their bread, they are distracted by their other source of faith and hope in life: Danton. As Robespierre is watching, Danton is swarmed by a mob of supporters and fans, who all cry out for help. Robespierre, in his flat, observes all this as Danton’s latest publication is read out to him, and orders Danton’s printing press, and his works, to be destroyed. The reason for this is because Danton’s latest work is against the current stage of the revolution. Camille Desmoulins does his best to protect the shop, but he is ultimately defenseless against the thugs. All the while that the shop is being ruined, Robespierre is having his wig fluffed, his powder applied, and shaved. Robespierre’s friend Saint-Just comes in, and urges him to have Danton guillotined, but Robespierre resists. Later, when Robespierre meets with the other members of the Committee of Public Safety, they push the same point. Robespierre resists for multiple reasons: 1, if Danton were to be executed, the bourgeoisie would turn against Robespierre. 2, Danton is loved by the common man, for his works and triumphs such as when he removed the monarchy from power on August 10, the Champ de Mars Massacre, and his newspaper is read by the common people. 3, Danton is a friend and old colleague of Robespierre, and doesn’t want to execute him. Before the National Convention commences for the day, Danton’s supporters warn him that Robespierre is planning on having him jailed. Danton, however, is positive that his newspaper and the support of the people will prevent anything like that from ever happening. All of his supporters urge him to strike now and take power, but he resists. That day, at the convention, one of Danton’s supporters, Bourdon, makes a speech against Heron and his secret police , and has Heron jailed and executed. That night, Danton and Robespierre have dinner together. Danton puts much work into setting the meal, but Robespierre refuses to drink or eat. Then, their discussion begins. Robespierre wants Danton to join his cause and stop fighting because he does not want to be forced to have Danton executed. Danton simply drinks until he passes out, and refuses Robespierre’s advances. Next, Robespierre goes to Camille Desmoulin’s house, where Camille entirely ignores Robespierre. Robespierre tries to convince Camille that Danton is exploiting him, but he is again ignored. His wife begs Robespierre to stay and talk sense into her husband because she wants him to live, but Robespierre can do nothing. With no other options, Robespierre has Lacrois, Phillipeaux, Desmoulins, Danton and other supporters arrested and jailed in the Luxembourg jail, after having the warrant signed by the Committee of Public Safety. Although Danton has the power to raise up a force and resist, he doesn’t because he does not want any more bloodshed. The man who arrests Danton is scared of him, and Danton has to practically drag him along. While Danton waits in custody, Robespierre plans out his trial. Only seven jurors are to be used, which is against the law, but Robespierre can only ensure seven men who will find Danton guilty. Danton has given up on the Revolution and on the people. At the trial, Danton consistently breaks the order by speaking out of turn. The people are still in support of him, and the head of the trial feels bad about murdering this innocent man. “I’m not your executioner!” he says to Robespierre, who replies “You’re the public’s executioner.” After a few days of injustice, a decree is issued that if anyone speaks out of turn again, which Danton has done repeatedly, they will be thrown out of the court. Within minutes, the entire accused team has been thrown out, and the verdict of guilty is read. The day before his execution, Danton is depressed. Not due to his death, but due to the fact that he feels that he failed the people. “Without me, everything will fall” he says to himself. As each of their hair is cut, they all hang their heads, not only exposing their neck, as if to be chopped off, but also in an air of defeat. When Robespierre finally hears of Danton’s death, he turns ghostly pale, and realizes how he has violated liberty, and the goals of the revolution. His mistress’s nephew, now fully practiced, is finally sent in to recite. As he reads off the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen, Robespierre is fully brought to the reality of what he has done."] ["Whitney 'Cam' Cameron  is a man with a strong affection for his sister-in-law Lynne . When her stepchild Polly dies, it's revealed that the child was poisoned to death. Whitney suspects his sister-in-law committed the murder and is afraid that her other son may be in danger. Lynne outsmarts Cam and their friends and the cops by taking the child onto a cruise ship on its way to Europe."] ['Andrew Beckett  is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. Although he lives with his partner Miguel Álvarez , Beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm, nor the fact that he has AIDS. On the day he is assigned the firm\'s newest and most important case, one of the firm\'s partners notices a small lesion on Beckett\'s forehead. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the complaint for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Beckett suffers from bowel spasms at home and is rushed to the hospital. Later that morning, while still at the ER, he receives a frantic call from the firm asking for the complaint, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer\'s hard drive. However, the complaint is finally discovered and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm\'s partners, who had previously referred to him as their "buddy", but now question his professional abilities in light of the misplaced document. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller , with whom he had been involved in a previous case. Miller, who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about AIDS, initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the AIDS through shaking Beckett\'s hand. The doctor explains the methods of HIV infection. The doctor then offers to take a sample of Miller\'s blood, suspecting that Miller was asking about AIDS because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it. Miller dismisses the request by laughing it off, taking it as a joke. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett, others in the library begin to first stare and then move away, and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room. Disgusted by their behavior, Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material he has gathered. It is obvious he has decided to take the case. Upon receiving a summons by Miller, the head of the firm, Charles Wheeler , worries about the damage the lawsuit could do to his business and reputation, although one partner  unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett. As the case goes before the court, Wheeler takes the stand, claiming that Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through promiscuity and was therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett\'s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. In one of the most dramatic scenes, and to prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such. During cross-examination, Beckett admits that he was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay, but changed his mind after hearing them make homophobic jokes in the sauna of a health club. When asked about the truth of how he got infected, he confirms that he engaged in anonymous sex with another man at a pornographic movie theater. However, he and Miller gain an advantage when the partner who advised settling out of court confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything, and how he regrets his inaction. Beckett collapses during Wheeler\'s testimony. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages totaling more than $5M. Miller visits Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett\'s face. After Beckett\'s family leaves the room, he tells Miguel that he is ready to die. A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word that Beckett has died. The movie ends with a reception at Beckett\'s home following the funeral, where many mourners, including the Millers, view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.'] ['Cray Fowler, a young candidate for congress, is filmed with a hooker as blackmail. As he investigates, Fowler discovers some family secrets involving his father and their political careers.'] ['The film is based on the true story of Betty Anne Waters, a single mother who works tirelessly to free her wrongfully convicted brother Kenny. The story unfolds in flashbacks, and the film opens with the scene of a brutal murder in Massachusetts in 1980. We soon see that Betty Anne\'s life in many ways revolves around her brother, who is now in jail for the murder. Despite Kenny\'s knack for getting in trouble, they have always been close. Two years after his release as a suspect in the 1980 murder of Katharina Brow in Ayer, Massachusetts, "new" testimony from two witnesses lead police to arrest Kenny and he is tried. Based on this circumstantial evidence, Kenny is convicted in 1983 of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without parole. The three main witnesses against him are Sergeant Nancy Taylor  from the local police department, his ex-wife, Brenda , and his ex-girlfriend, Roseanna . Three years later, Betty Anne lives with her husband, Rick  and two sons, Richard and Ben. She is frantic that she has not heard from Kenny, who calls her every week, and she is finally told that he tried to commit suicide in prison. Betty Anne decides to go back to school and become a lawyer so she can free him, but her husband is skeptical and unsupportive, and eventually they split up. As Betty Anne struggles with being a working mother going to law school at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island, we see flashbacks of her life growing up with Kenny. Their mother was callous and uncaring, allowing her nine children  to grow up almost feral. Kenny and Betty Anne were very close, and used to break into neighborhood homes together just to feel like part of a normal family, until they were sent to separate foster homes. She continues to visit him, working in a bar while going to school, until her sons decide to move in with their Dad. Struggling in school, demoralized and exhausted, she stops going to classes, until a friend from school , comes to her house and prods her to just get up, get dressed, and get back to class. In her study group, Betty Anne learns about the new field of DNA testing and realizes this could be the key to overturning Kenny\'s conviction. She contacts attorney Barry Scheck from the Innocence Project. The backlog of cases will mean waiting more than a year unless she can pass the bar and find the blood evidence from Kenny\'s trial herself to have it tested. At first she is stonewalled, then told the evidence was destroyed, but she refuses to give up, and she and her friend Abra  embark on an odyssey to recover any evidence that might still be stored away somewhere. At the time of the trial, Kenny\'s blood type was shown to be identical to the killer\'s but DNA testing didn\'t exist. In the process, Betty Anne learns from an acquaintance who is now a police officer that Nancy Taylor was fired from the police department for fabricating evidence in another case. This deepens Betty Anne\'s suspicions about Kenny\'s conviction and the "evidence" given at trial. Finally the DNA results come back and establish that the blood was not Kenny\'s. Betty Anne and Kenny are overjoyed and think he is about to be released, after 16 years in prison, but Martha Coakley, of the District Attorney\'s office, refuses to vacate the conviction. They claim there was still enough evidence to convict Kenny as an accomplice, and Kenny is convinced that no matter what they do the authorities will find a way to keep him in prison to avoid admitting to a botched prosecution. Betty Anne is heartbroken but again refuses to give up. Betty Anne, Abra, and Barry Scheck visit the other two trial witnesses, Kenny\'s ex-wife and ex-girlfriend. Both tearfully admit that Sergeant Nancy Taylor coerced them into perjuring themselves at the trial in order to get a conviction. With an affidavit from Kenny\'s ex-wife and the DNA evidence, Kenny\'s conviction is vacated and he is freed from prison after 18 years in June 2001. Betty Anne is able to persuade his daughter, Mandy , , that he never stopped trying to reach out to her while he was in prison despite his ex-wife\'s efforts to estrange them. He is able to reconnect with his daughter, and is reunited with his sister and her sons. The epilogue states that Betty Anne secured a large civil settlement from the City of Ayer for Kenny\'s wrongful conviction, but former Sergeant Nancy Taylor could not be charged with a crime because the statute of limitations had expired. Katharina Brow\'s real murderer has not been found."Kenny Waters", The Innocence Project'] ["On 19 May 1983 at approximately 10:48 p.m, Downs  drove to McKenzie-Willamette Hospital in Springfield, Oregon with a gunshot wound to her arm.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098352/plotsummary She claimed that an unknown assailant attempted to carjack her and shot her three children: Karen, 8 ; Shauna, 7 ; and Robby, 3 . Shauna was dead on arrival at the hospital. Eldest daughter Karen was badly injured, but survived suffering a temporary loss of speech due to a stroke after the shooting, but recovered sufficiently to serve as a witness in court against her mother. Diane's son was paralyzed from the chest down. Downs was diagnosed with three cluster B personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. She was eventually tried and convicted of murder, attempted murder, and assault. The film shows that Downs started a romance with a married man who did not want children. Downs planned to kill her children to be free to pursue this relationship. He ended the relationship and remained with his wife. Diane Downs is sentenced to life in prison, and her two surviving children are adopted by the prosecutor Frank Joziak and his wife Lola . The children are depicted being reunited with their mother for the first time, fifteen years after the shooting. In reality the children have not seen their mother since the shooting, with the exception of the surviving daughter's court appearance."] ['Annie Laird  is a sculptor who lives in New York with her son Oliver . Annie works as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of mob boss Louie Boffano , who is accused of ordering the murder of Salvatore Riggio. Annie meets a man named Mark Cordell . He buys some of Annie\'s artwork, then wines and dines her before Annie discovers that Mark is better known as "The Teacher". He is Boffano\'s enforcer, and the material perpetrator of the hit job for which Boffano is being prosecuted. Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. An extremely frightened Annie does convince the jury to acquit Boffano. After the trial, Boffano wonders if maybe Annie should disappear, because Boffano sees Annie as a loose end. Mark has a problem with this because he has developed feelings for Annie. In order to exert further pressure on Annie, Mark goes after Annie\'s friend Juliet . After having sex with her, Mark reveals himself to Juliet as being Annie\'s stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of Juliet\'s murder to his partner Eddie . Annie hides Oliver in T\'ui Cuch, Guatemala with her friend Boone . At the same time, the district attorney wants Annie to turn state\'s witness so they can go after Mark, who now plans to take over Boffano\'s empire. When the DA\'s office has her wear a wire, Annie removes it and gives it to Eddie, instructing him to leave her and Mark alone. Annie then succeeds in getting Mark to incriminate himself in a boastful rant on his ambitions, which are recorded on a hidden tape recorder. She then uses the tape to tip off Boffano to Mark\'s plans. Boffano schedules a meeting to "deal" with Mark. Eddie arranges the meeting, but Mark kills both Boffano and Boffano\'s son Joseph , along with their henchmen. He also slashes Eddie\'s throat. Mark is furious at Annie for setting him up. He calls her, revealing his knowledge of Oliver\'s whereabouts and his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver. In Guatemala, there is a showdown when Mark arrives. After Mark chases Oliver into a structure, natives shoot Mark. Annie, who has a pistol, fires eight more shots, killing Mark and ensuring Oliver\'s safety.'] ['Renegade police detectives Frank Divinci  and Jake Rodriguez  gun down narcotics dealer Lionel Hudd , after the three engage illegally in drug trafficking; this is in order to recover the cocaine Hudd purchased from them. When Divinci and Rodriguez find out Hudd was actually a "deep cover" DEA agent—because Hudd\'s partner  drops by their precinct for help sniffing out the killers—they try to frame anyone else with the murder. It doesn\'t help that Rodriguez has outstanding gambling debts, and that a huge man known only as "Mr. Cutlass Supreme"  is on his case for it. After arresting numerous felons without success , Divinci and Rodriguez arrest a homeless drunk by the name of Joe Doe . While Joe is still intoxicated, the detectives convince him that he shot Hudd. They even make him sign a confession. At his first legal hearing, Joe is declared mentally unfit to stand trial . The trial is postponed accordingly. At Joe\'s second hearing, high-profile lawyer Arthur Baylor  attends the proceedings. Baylor reveals that his client\'s name is actually William Dane McCall, that Joe is actually the missing-and-presumed-dead co-heir to the financial empire of a high-status family. Baylor asks the court to grant a one-week continuance so he can prepare his defense properly. The court agrees. Divinci and Rodriguez convince local stripper Cynthia Webb , also Divinci\'s mistress, who was the "bait" in their trap for Hudd, to "identify" Joe in a police line-up. Afterwards, she is summoned to testify in court. She disappears for a period of time, but is finally discovered and brought in for "The People VS. William Dane McCall." She gives her rehearsed testimony against Joe, at which time Joe informs Baylor that he lived in an alley next to Cynthia\'s apartment. Baylor questions Cynthia until she finally confesses to knowing Joe. The fact that she knows the defendant as "Joe" and not as "William Dane McCall" shows that she had previous knowledge of the defendant, thus making her testimony for Joe being Hudd\'s killer to be false. She is arrested for perjury while the verdict of Joe\'s case remains unknown. Divinci and Rodriguez hire Manny, a bail agent, to get Cynthia out of jail. They plan to kill her before she can testify. On the day she is to be "silenced," Rodriguez confesses to Divinci about feeling guilty regarding the numerous murders they\'ve committed. Divinci suddenly suspects his partner of taping their conversation; such indeed turns out to be the case, after Divinci forcibly searches Rodriguez. Rodriguez informs Divinci that he has already confessed to the DEA regarding what they\'ve done. Unwilling to kill Rodriguez here and now, Divinci renounces their friendship and drives off into the night. Rodriguez returns home to find his bookie, and Mr. Cutlass Supreme, waiting for him. Enraged about the preceding events, he attacks them only to be shot dead. Cynthia, still in jail, strikes a deal with Baylor to testify against Divinci in return for her perjury case being dropped. Frank, upon hearing that Cynthia has confessed against him, breaks into her home. He shoots and wounds her. The dying Cynthia is rushed to an emergency room at the local hospital, where Dr. McCall prepares to operate on her and save her life. Divinci makes arrangements with Manny to sneak out of the country. The driver Manny hires for Divinci turns out to be Clyde David Dunner, a murderer and arsonist...whose case was dropped because Divinci and Rodriguez, who had arrested him, stole his Magnum from the police-evidence room and used it to kill Hudd. Dunner pulls the same Magnum and shoots Frank.'] ['The film opens with Operation Kingfisher, a disastrous American advance in the Vietnam War, and shows Lt. Terry Childers  execute an unarmed prisoner to intimidate an Vietnam People\'s Army officer into calling off an ambush of U.S. Marines, thereby saving the life of Lt. Hays Hodges . The movie jumps to 1996; Childers and his Marine Expeditionary Unit are called to evacuate the U.S. Ambassador to Yemen from the embassy grounds, after a routine demonstration against American influence in the Persian Gulf turns into rock-throwing and sporadic fire from nearby rooftops. After escorting the ambassador to a waiting helicopter, Childers returns to the embassy to retrieve the American flag; meanwhile three Marines are killed by snipers on nearby rooftops. Childers, after appearing to see something in the crowd below, orders his men to open fire on the crowd below and "waste the motherfuckers", resulting in the death of 83 civilian protesters and injuries to over 100 more. Back in the States, the U.S. National Security Advisor, Bill Sokal , decides to proceed with a court-martial to try to deflect negative public opinion about the United States, shouldering all the blame for the incident onto Childers, and salvage American relations in the Persian Gulf. Childers finds Hodges, whose life he saved, is now serving in the U.S. Marine Corps Judge Advocate Division and asks him to be his defense attorney at the upcoming tribunal. Hodges is reluctant to accept, knowing that his record is less than impressive, and Childers needs a better lawyer. But Childers is adamant, because he would rather have an attorney who has served in combat before. Most of the evidence is stacked against Childers, especially because Sokal is determined for him to be convicted, and at one point burns a videotape of security camera footage showing that the crowd had indeed been in possession of weapons, supporting Childers\' claims. He also blackmails the ambassador Childers rescued, Ambassador Mourain , into lying on the stand and saying both that the crowd had been peaceful and that Childers had been violent towards him and his family during the evacuation. However, at the trial, Hodges presents a shipping manifest proving that a tape from an undamaged camera which had been looking directly into the crowd—the tape Sokal had burned—has been delivered to Sokal\'s office, but has failed to show up at the trial, arguing that this tape would have been damning evidence against Childers if it had shown the crowd was unarmed. Also, when the prosecution presents the Vietnamese Colonel, Colonel Cao, who witnessed Childers execute a POW in Vietnam , as a rebuttal witness, Hodges gets him to testify that, had the circumstances been reversed, he would have done the same thing. The film ends with Childers being found guilty of the minor charge of breach of the peace , but not guilty of the more serious charges of conduct unbecoming of an officer and murder. A final titlecard reveals that no further charges were brought against him, and that he retired honorably from the Marines. Sokal is found guilty of spoliation of evidence and forced to resign, while Mourain is charged with perjury.'] ['Four somewhat drunk American soldiers leave a bar  in occupied Germany after World War II. Meanwhile, sixteen-year-old Karin Steinhof  has a quarrel with her 19-year-old boyfriend, Frank Borgmann, in the countryside. She leaves to change out of her wet bikini, and is taken by Sergeant Chuck Snyder  and gang raped by him, Corporal Birdwell Scott , Private Joey Haines  and Corporal Jim Larkin ([[Robert Blake . When Frank hears her screams for help, he runs to her, but is knocked out. After the four men are done, the guilt-ridden Larkin lingers behind; he covers the girl with his shirt before leaving with the others. The soldiers are quickly apprehended. To appease the anger and outrage of the Germans, General Stafford orders that their court martial be held in public in the local high school gymnasium. The prosecutor, Colonel Jerome Pakenham , seeks the death penalty. Major Steve Garrett  is assigned to defend them. After interviewing his clients, Garrett tries to plea bargain for long sentences at hard labor in an attempt to save their lives, but Pakenham has such a strong case, he turns it down. Garrett starts investigating, questioning the residents. He is followed by Inge Koener , a hostile German reporter from what Garrett considers to be a scandal-seeking newspaper. At the start of the trial, three of the men plead not guilty. Larkin tries to enter a plea of guilty, but is overruled by Garrett. Garrett produces an army psychiatrist who had been treating Larkin before the incident. The witness testifies that Larkin is impotent for psychological reasons. Larkin violently denies it, and has to be forcibly removed from the courtroom. After the first day of testimony, Garrett pleads with Karin\'s bank manager father, Karl Steinhof ([[Hans Nielsen , to withdraw her from the trial before it is too late, stating that he will have to break her down on the stand to save his clients. He advises Herr Steinof to take his family and leave town, but Steinhof refuses. With no choice, Garrett shows that Karin is not as innocent as she first appeared, nor is she well liked. He also catches both her and Frank in pointless little lies to destroy their credibility. As his cross examination of Karin continues, the girl eventually collapses under the strain. Her father withdraws her from the trial, which ensures that the defendants cannot be executed. Three are sentenced to long terms at hard labor; Larkin is given a shorter sentence of six years. The damage has been done, however; the townsfolk turn against Karin. Though Frank attacks him with a whip, Garrett tells him to take Karin and leave town forever. The young man takes his advice, but to raise money, he forges his mother\'s check. Determined to keep her son under her control, she sends the police after the couple. While Frank argues with the policemen, Karin runs away. Koerner later informs Garrett that Karin committed suicide, drowning herself in the river near where she had been violated. Shaken by the tragic ongoings, Garrett decides to leave the town without saying too much to the others, finding that, as the last line of the title song goes, "It isn\'t very pretty what a town without pity can do."'] ["In 1965, Peter Joseph Bullis  lives in a small town in Alabama, at the height of the Civil Rights Movement. He becomes involved with a group of black students protesting the town's racially segregated municipal swimming pool, leading to a protest that explodes into deadly violence. The young black boy, Taylor Jackson, is killed by the town sheriff; and Peejoe, the only witness, is pressured by the sheriff to keep it quiet. But Peejoe has gotten a crash course in standing your ground and following your path from his free-spirited Aunt Lucille Vinson, who has killed her abusive husband and is headed for Hollywood, where she is convinced that television stardom awaits her. Lucille takes her husband's head everywhere she goes in a black hat box , and looks forward to the future Hollywood promises. When the head is discovered by the hostess of a party, Lucille tries to get rid of the head by throwing it off the Golden Gate Bridge. Two policemen, thinking she is about to jump over herself, open the hat box and discover the head inside. She is arrested and escorted back to Alabama for her trial, where she is given a warm welcome by her town. After being convicted of first-degree murder, Lucille is sentenced to twenty years in prison. However, the sentence is suspended, and she is put on a five-year probation with the condition that she seeks psychiatric help. Lucille, her children, and all her friends joyfully exit the courtroom while the sheriff  is put under arrest for Taylor's murder."] ["Michelle , a single mother, is kidnapped by three masked men and held hostage until she is forced to rob a bank which is the only option she has to save her only child's life while they are both wired to explode."] ["Alice Goodwin  is a school nurse who lives with her husband Howard  and two girls on a small dairy farm in Wisconsin. After the death of the daughter of her friend Theresa Collins  on Alice's property, the couple watch helplessly as the community turns against them. To make matters worse, Alice finds herself fighting charges of child abuse."] ['Set in the midst of the 2000 presidential election, American Violet tells the story of Dee Roberts , a 24 year-old African-American single mother of four, living in a small Texas town . One day, while Dee is working a shift at the local diner, the powerful local district attorney  leads a drug bust, sweeping Dee’s housing project. Police drag Dee from work in handcuffs, dumping her in the women’s county prison. Indicted based on the uncorroborated word of a single and dubious police informant facing his own drug charges, Dee soon discovers she has been charged as a drug dealer. Even though Dee has no prior drug record and no drugs were found on her in the raid or any subsequent searches, she is offered a hellish choice: plead guilty and go home as a convicted felon or remain in prison and fight the charges thus, jeopardizing her custody and risking a long prison sentence. Despite the urgings of her mother , and with her freedom and the custody of her children at stake, she chooses to fight the district attorney. Dee works with an ACLU attorney  and a former local narcotics officer  to take on the Texas justice system.Samuel Goldwyn Films - American Violet'] ["Arthur Goldman is Jewish and a Nazi death camp survivor. Now a rich industrialist, he lives in luxury in a Manhattan high-rise. He banters with his assistant Charlie, often shocking him with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life. One day, Israeli secret agents kidnap Goldman and take him to Israel for trial on charges of being a Nazi war criminal. Goldman's trial forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt, but their own as well. At the end it appears that Goldman falsified the dental records which the Israelis used to identify him in order to bring about the trial. When the deception is revealed by the Israeli prosecutor, Goldman is left standing in the trial court's bulletproof glass box, a broken man. The stress shatters his mental health, and he becomes catatonic. He then relives in his mind a Nazi firing squad execution and dies."] ['Belgium, December 16, 1944: First Lieutenant Thomas Hart  is stationed at V Corps Headquarters and a stranger to war. He volunteers to give a captain a lift to his unit on the front. While driving they are stopped by Military Police Men who inform them they are going the wrong way. Hart checks his map but the captain who is suspicious tries to reach for his pistol but is immediately shot in the head by one of the M.P.s who turn out to be Germans in disguise. Hart is then pistol whipped by the Germans who then rummage through his jeep. When they are distracted Hart slams on the gas and drives away as hidden German commandos shoot at him. He then goes down a ravine hits and ditch and is thrown through the windshield. When he gathers his senses, he realizes he is lying in a mass grave of U.S. soldiers. It is the opening of the Battle of the Bulge. Taken to a local prison, his boots are confiscated and he is left naked in a cell. Threatened with frostbite and pneumonia, Hart is coerced by his German interrogator into divulging intelligence. He and many other Americans are later transferred by train to a German prisoner of war camp. While en route, a fleet of P-51 Mustangs attacks the station. Since the painted letters POW on the top of the train are covered by thick snow, the Mustangs strafe the train, killing several POWs. To save themselves, the POWs leave the train, spell POW with their bodies, and circumvent further strafing. After arriving at Stalag IV A in Augsburg, Germany, Hart is debriefed by the ranking American officer, Colonel William McNamara . When McNamara asks if Hart cooperated with the Germans after he was captured, Hart denies it. McNamara knows this to be a lie, since he knows Hart was held for three days after seeing only a Level 1 interrogator. He does not reveal this to Hart and sends him to bunk in a barracks for enlisted men, rather than allowing him to bunk with the other officers. Two Tuskegee Airmen are brought to the camp, Second Lieutenants Lincoln A. Scott  and Lamar T. Archer . They are the only blacks in the camp, and their situation is compounded by their status as officers. Staff Sergeant Vic W. Bedford , a vicious racist, is their primary antagonist. Later, a tent spike, which could be used as a weapon, is found in Archer\'s bunk. The Germans drag him out and shoot him, claiming that he was trying to escape. Directly after that, a radio used by the Americans to receive coded messages via the BBC is found and destroyed. Bedford is himself later found dead. Scott is seen standing over the body and is accused of killing him in revenge for Bedford\'s framing Archer. A law student at Yale before the war, Hart is appointed by McNamara to defend the accused pilot at his court-martial, a trial to which the camp commandant, Oberst Werner Visser , agrees. Visser gives Hart a manual on US Army court-martial proceedings, furthering the conflict between him and McNamara when he uses the rule book to question the Colonel\'s conducting of the trial. On the witness stand, the angered Scott gives an emotional address on the treatment of blacks like himself, who joined up to serve their country with honor but are treated with disrespect in return. Late one night, Hart notices a fellow POW acting suspiciously and follows him to a room behind the theater where the trial is taking place. There, he discovers a tunnel being dug. McNamara reveals to Hart that the "defense", like the trial itself, is a sham, an elaborate distraction to hide a planned escape and attack on a nearby ammunition plant which the Allies mistakenly believe to be a shoe factory. It is revealed that Bedford planted the spike in Archer\'s bunk, and, in return for the guards\' executing Archer for it, Bedford gave them the location of the secret radio. It is also revealed that Bedford planned to escape with forged German documents, money and clothes, likely in return for telling the Germans about McNamara\'s plan. McNamara realized this and killed Bedford to prevent it. Hart is shocked that McNamara, as a senior officer, would sacrifice fellow Americans to perpetuate this. McNamara reminds Hart that they are at war, and in war sometimes one man must be sacrificed to save the lives of many. Hart acknowledges this, but retorts that it is McNamara\'s duty to ensure that he, not Scott, is the sacrifice. Disgusted, McNamara says that Hart knows nothing about duty, a reference to how Hart gave in to a Level 1 interrogator after three days, whereas McNamara was tortured for a month. On the last day of the trial, McNamara and 34 others feign food poisoning in order to be excused from the closing arguments. They then slip down the escape tunnel. As he is about to go down, McNamara overhears Hart\'s closing speech. In order to save Scott, Hart announces that he killed Bedford. Visser orders everyone out and announces that Hart will be shot there and then. After a headcount, which is short by 35 prisoners, Visser suspects an escape plot and locates the tunnel. Now fully aware of the deception, he furiously orders everybody at the trial to be shot as well. But before the sentence is carried out, McNamara, moved by Hart\'s selfless sacrifice, voluntarily returns to the camp to accept responsibility. At that moment, the factory blows up and the other escapees scatter away. Visser holds McNamara accountable and personally executes him on the spot, sparing the remaining prisoners. Hart leads the salute to McNamara\'s dead body. Three months later, the German army surrenders to the Allies and the prison camp is liberated.'] ["A reporter refuses to reveal his source in the case of the murder of a young girl. As a result, he and his family are shunned by the residents of the small town in which they live. Virtually no one comes to his daughter's wedding, and at his office, the police search his desk, and his boss threatens to fire him."] ['{{plot}} Two Supreme Court justices are assassinated by the professional assassin "Sam" Khamel . Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw  suspects the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief, and shows it to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan . He gives a copy to his friend Gavin Verheek ([[John Heard  at the FBI. Callahan is killed by a car bomb; Darby escapes because she would not get into the car with her drunk lover. She realizes she is under surveillance and is attacked by an unknown assailant. Realizing that her brief was accurate, she goes into hiding and reaches out to Verheek for help. Political reporter Gray Grantham  is contacted by an informant who calls himself "Garcia" who claims to have information about the assassinations. "Garcia" disappears. Darby then contacts Grantham and mentions the Pelican Brief; Grantham discovers the information Darby discloses has validity. Darby finds out that her computer, disks and files are gone from her apartment. Soon after, she is attacked again, but again escapes. She contacts Verheek and arranges to meet him in a crowded public place. Prior to their meeting, Verheek is murdered by Khamel, who then goes to the meeting impersonating Verheek. Before Khamel can kill her he is shot and killed by an unknown agent. Darby contacts Grantham again and agrees to meet him in New York City. There, she gives him the details of her brief. The legal brief speculates that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon who wants to drill for oil on a Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelicans. A court case on appeal is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court. The two slain justices had a history of environmentalism — their only common view — and thus Darby surmised that Mattiece hoped to turn the case in his favor by eliminating the two justices, thus leaving the President to appoint new justices more likely to rule in his favor. Grantham tells her about "Garcia", and together they discover that "Garcia" is Curtis Morgan , a lawyer in the oil and gas division of White & Blazevich in Washington. Darby visits White & Blazevich, pretending to have an appointment with Morgan. She is told that he had been killed. She suspects that his discovery of incriminating evidence was the real reason for his murder. She and Grantham visit his widow, who gives them a key to a safe deposit box. Darby visits the bank to retrieve the contents of the box. When she and Grantham return to their vehicle, Grantham has difficulty starting the car. Darby recognizes the faltering sound as the same sound she heard just before Callahan was killed. They flee the vehicle and are pursued by a car, which crashes into their parked vehicle, detonating the bomb and killing one of their pursuers. They escape to the Washington Herald building, where they review the documents and a videotape recovered from Morgan\'s box. The tape confirms Morgans discovery that Mattiece ordered the assassination of the justices and the documents confirm the accusations. With the evidence that he needs, Grantham writes his story. He gives the FBI a chance to comment. Director Voyles  on the record confirms that the Pelican Brief was delivered to the White House; off the record, he reveals that the President ordered the FBI to "back off". He tells Darby that CIA agents were investigating Mattiece, and that one of them killed Khamel to save her life. A plane is arranged for Darby to flee the country. The movie ends with Darby at her hideaway, watching Grantham being interviewed on TV, where it is revealed that Mattiece and two of his lawyers have been indicted in federal court, the President\'s chief of staff has resigned, and the President himself will not run for office again. Grantham deflects speculation that Darby is fictional, but does agree that she is "almost" too good to be true. Her life having been saved, Darby smiles as the screen cuts to black.'] ['Attorney, Claire Kubik , and her woodworker husband, Tom , find their idyllic life in Marin County shattered when, during a Christmas shopping excursion in San Francisco\'s Union Square, he is captured by the FBI and charged with the murder of nine peasants in a remote village in El Salvador in 1988. Claire is shocked to discover Tom, whose real name is Ronald Chapman, was a covert military operative serving in the United States Marine Corps and has been on the run for the past fourteen years. Tom admits he was present at the scene of the mass murders but staunchly denies being involved in the killings. He insists he has been made a scapegoat in order to conceal the identity of the real culprit, Major James Hernandez , now the aide of Brigadier General Bill Marks . First Lieutenant Terence Embry ([[Adam Scott  is assigned to defend Tom, but his youth and lack of experience prompt Claire to decide to defend her husband as well. When she realizes she needs help from someone familiar with the workings of a military court, she hires Charlie Grimes , an embittered former military attorney who has a grudge against the military brass, to assist her. Five key eyewitnesses, who previously testified Tom was guilty, have died under seemingly mysterious circumstances, raising Claire and Charlie\'s suspicions. As the trial proceeds, they uncover a massive cover-up perpetrated by one of the military\'s highest ranking officials. Also creating problems are the sudden appearance of a resident of the village where the mass murder took place, who insists Tom was responsible; Embry\'s romantic involvement with Claire\'s irresponsible sister Jackie , which leads Claire to believe he may be leaking details about secrets she has uncovered to the prosecution; and Charlie\'s falling off the wagon after more than a year of sobriety. Claire blackmails a general by threatening to reveal what she knows about the coverup and asks him to make the case go away. The Department of Defense has the case thrown out of court due to "security reasons". Just as Claire is about to celebrate her victory in court, Charlie discovers the truth, while in Mexico, that Tom had murdered one of the witnesses, indicating that he was the killer after all. After hearing Claire talk to Charlie on the phone, a short scuffle between Claire and Tom ensues. The Salvadorian witness to the massacre shoots Tom through the window. The film ends with Charlie and Claire starting a new partnership-based law firm.'] ['An American Crime alternates between the 1966 trial of Gertrude Baniszewski , and lengthy flashbacks to the events of the previous year described by the witnesses. 16-year-old Sylvia Likens  and her 15-year-old sister, Jenny , have, in the past, travelled with their parents who work on the carnival circuit, where Sylvia always felt safe riding the merry-go-round. She and Jenny now live with their mother Betty Likens , who recently separated from their father Lester Likens . Betty reconciles with him and they decide to go on tour together. They agree to leave their daughters in the care of a single mother named Gertrude Baniszewski, whose daughters the Likens girls met in church. In dire financial straits, Gertrude offers to care for their daughters for twenty dollars a week, and as their parents leave, the girls settle in with Baniszewski\'s six children: Paula , Stephanie , Johnny , Marie , Shirley , and infant son Kenny. Sylvia befriends Paula , who confesses to Sylvia that she is pregnant by her married boyfriend&mdash;Sylvia swears not to tell. Soon after the girls\' arrival, Gertrude is upset that Lester\'s weekly payment is late, and punishes the girls by whipping them with a belt. The payment, along with a letter from the parents, arrives shortly thereafter, but Gertrude throws the letter in the trash and says nothing to the Likens girls. While Paula and Sylvia are out with friends, Paula\'s boyfriend tells her that he can no longer see her, then hits Paula when she pleads for him to stay with her. To stop the boyfriend\'s attack, Sylvia tells him that Paula is pregnant. Paula, furious, vows that Sylvia will pay for revealing her secret. Ricky Hobbs , a neighbor of the Baniszewskis who is attracted to Sylvia, observes the scene. Paula tearfully tells Gertrude that Sylvia has been spreading lies about her. Gertrude forces Sylvia to apologize, and has her son Johnny  hold Sylvia so that Paula can beat her. Rumors spread around their school that Paula is pregnant. Jenny finds the letter from her parents in the garbage, prompting Sylvia to phone them. The call is cut short when they see the Baniszewski children, who tell their mother about it. Although the girls had traded bottles in for money to make the call, Gertrude believes they stole the money from her and burns Sylvia\'s hand with a cigarette for "stealing". At a church lunch, Andy , the father of Gertrude\'s infant son, tells her that Sylvia has been spreading rumors that Paula is pregnant. When Sylvia returns home, Gertrude accuses her of flirting with a boy at the lunch and telling more lies about her daughter. Intending to make an example of her to her children, Gertrude forces Sylvia to insert a Coke bottle into her vagina in front of them. Gertrude then orders Johnny and Stephanie\'s boyfriend, Coy Hubbard , to throw her down the basement stairs, and lock her in. When Jenny asks how long Sylvia will be down there, Gertrude replies "until she learns her lesson", then tells everyone to maintain the fiction that Sylvia was sent to a juvenile detention facility. Johnny begins to bring neighborhood children into the basement so they can join in the ongoing torture and humiliation of Sylvia begun by Gertrude and her children, assuring them that his mother said it was all right. The children visit regularly, with Gertrude\'s knowledge and approval, to beat Sylvia and burn her with cigarettes. Paula, feeling guilty, tells her mother she has been praying and thinks Sylvia has been punished enough, but Gertrude ignores her pleas. Their pastor visits the Baniszewski home, informing Gertrude that Paula told him she was pregnant and hinted to him about Sylvia\'s harsh treatment. Gertrude reassures him that Sylvia was sent away for being a bad influence, and as the pastor leaves, she orders everyone into the basement. Straddling Sylvia on the basement floor, Gertrude begins to carve the words "I\'M A PROSTITUTE AND PROUD OF IT!" on Sylvia\'s abdomen with a hot needle, but is unable to continue and orders Ricky to finish the branding amid Sylvia\'s agonized screams. Late one night, Paula helps Sylvia escape by carrying her up the basement stairs and out of the house. Awakened by one of the Baniszewski girls, Gertrude tries to prevent the escape, but Paula stops her. Ricky finds Sylvia and drives her to her parents, who are horrified at their daughter\'s condition. Sylvia and her parents go immediately to the Baniszewski household to make sure that Jenny is safe. Sylvia walks into the house and sees her own lifeless body lying on the floor with Stephanie leaning over it screaming that she is not breathing. As she stands watching this, Sylvia closes her eyes and vanishes, revealing her escape and return to be only her vivid hallucination just before dying. While Gertrude continues to insist that Sylvia is faking, Ricky calls the police. As they arrive, Jenny approaches one of the officers, saying "Get me out of here and I\'ll tell you everything." On the witness stand, Jenny tells the prosecutor that Sylvia never did anything to Gertrude, Paula, or anyone else, and adds that Gertrude had threatened her with the same treatment her sister received if she did not keep quiet about it. After denying that she did anything wrong, and blaming the torture and death of Sylvia on her children and their friends, Gertrude is found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. As Sylvia\'s narration details the punishment of some of her abusers, Gertrude sits alone in her prison cell. In her imagination she sees a vision of Sylvia silently looking back at her. Gertrude tries to speak, but is unable to get the words out, and the image vanishes. In a deserted carnival, Sylvia rides a merry-go-round; the one place she always felt safe.'] ['Based on real events, it tells the story of Max Stuart , a young aboriginal man who was sentenced to death after being found guilty of the murder of a nine year old girl on what was considered questionable evidence. It follows the fight by his lawyers David O\'Sullivan  and Helen Devaney  to save Stuart from execution, as well as Crown Prosecutor, Roderic Chamberlain\'s  efforts to convict Stuart. Rohan Rivett editor of an Adelaide paper, The News, and its publisher, Rupert Murdoch  also feature as leading the public response in the campaign to save Stuart. In the final scene of the film, Max Stuart appeared as himself as an older man, driving along a dirt highway near Alice Springs where he now lives, and saying: "Yeah, some people think I\'m guilty and some people think I\'m not. Some people think Elvis is still alive, but most of us think he\'s dead and gone."<ref namePenelope Debelle | yearhttp://www.theage.com.au/articles/2002/08/18/1029114051911.html | title | publisher21 February 2006}}'] ['In Jasper, Texas in June 1998, three self-proclaimed white supremacists chain James Byrd, Jr. to the back of their pickup and drag him to his death over three miles of country road. When the town is forced to deal with an onslaught of media coverage that thrusts it into the collective conscience of the entire country and the arrival of contentious members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers, the once peaceful relationship between its white and black citizens is subjected to tension. Trying to maintain peace in the community as the trial of the three perpetrators commences are black mayor R.C. Horn and white sheriff Billy Rowles, neither of whom is prepared to handle all the negative publicity. Justice is served when two of the men are condemned to death and the third is sentenced to life in prison.'] ['A look at the life and work of physician-assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian. Jack introduces a new idea of doctor assisted suicide. His aim is to help the hopeless patients who are suffering pain to commit suicide effortlessly.{{cite news}}'] ['Two young British officers arrive to join a prestigious regiment serving in India. One, Lieutenant Drake ([[Michael York , from a middle-class background, is extremely eager to make the right impression while the other, Lieutenant Millington ([[James Faulkner , the son of a General, is not taken with the idea of the army, and keen to get out as soon as he possibly can. Almost as soon as they arrive, Millington gets off on the wrong foot with his comrades, causing them to dislike him. A number of ladies associate with the regiment, many of them widows of officers who have died on active service. One of the most feted of these is Mrs Marjorie Scarlett, whose husband Captain Scarlett won a posthumous Victoria Cross after fighting on the North-West Frontier. [This would have been impossible, however, since the film is set in a period when the Victoria Cross was not awarded posthumously.] During an evening in the mess, involving the younger officers taking part in a ceremonial tradition that involves the pursuit and sticking of a pig, Mrs Scarlett runs in claiming to have been attacked, and identifies Lieutenant Millington as her attacker. Millington has clearly seen this as a quick way back to England, and is apparently not bothered by the disgrace. He does not co-operate with the officer selected to defend him, Lieutenant Drake, and is adamant in his refusal to deny his guilt. The trial, convened in secret by the officers of the regiment to protect reputations, is expected to be a formality. However, as the court begins to examine the open-and-shut circumstances of the case, a number of elements of doubt creep into the case including the nature of the attack, and the veracity of some of the evidence being given. This leads to Drake beginning to dig a little further, and having found a similar attack had taken place six months before, long before Millington had joined the regiment, he begins to suspect the culprit was in fact one of the other officers.'] ['In 1989, Josey  returns to her hometown in northern Minnesota with her children, Sam ([[Thomas Curtis  and Karen , after escaping from her abusive husband. She moves in with her parents, Alice  and Hank . Hank is ashamed of Josey, who became pregnant at the age of 16, and believes that this was the result of Josey being promiscuous. The townspeople believe the same, which causes them not to allow Josey to blend in. Her only friends are Glory  and Glory\'s boyfriend Kyle Dodge . Glory, who works at the local iron mines , aids Josey in getting a job there. Glory and Kyle also allow Josey to stay at their place with her children, due to Josey\'s bad relationship with her father. Josey quickly befriends the other female workers at the mine, which include Glory, Sherry  and Big Betty , and becomes the target of provocations spearheaded by Bobby Sharp , Josey\'s high school boyfriend who also works at the mine. Her attempts to stop the provocations by reporting it to the mine\'s higher-up only worsen it, and soon all the women are being verbally and physically abused by men at the Mine. Josey is also sexually harassed by many of them, including Bobby. Josey\'s refusal in giving in on her male co-workers\' demands causes them to spread lies about her being promiscuous and trying to seduce them, which cause Josey to be further segregated not only by her father and the men\'s wives, but also by Sam, who starts believing that his mother is indeed promiscuous after discovering that he was the result of her teenage pregnancy. After even the mine\'s board of directors refuses to hear Josey\'s complaints about the way women are treated at the mine, she quits and asks Bill White , a friend of Kyle and Glory and also a lawyer – to help her file a lawsuit against the company. Bill tells her that the best way to win a case like this is by convincing the other women to back up her statements in court. The women, however, are hesitant, as this would mean risking their jobs, and refuse. Josey also discovers that Glory has ALS  Hank is disappointed by Josey\'s decision, and Alice leaves him, tired of hearing him criticizing their daughter for something that was not her fault. Hank later attends a union meeting. Josey appears, hoping to address the miners and explain her reasons for suing the mine. When they refuse to hear her and start verbally abusing her, Hank stands up for his daughter and reprimands his co-workers for their rude treatment of Josey and all the women at the factory. At the court, the mine\'s lawyers attempt to hold Josey\'s so-called "promiscuous" past against her, and have Bobby Sharp testify on how Sam is the fruit of a consensual sexual relationship between Josey and one of her teachers. Josey then reveals the truth: When she and Bobby were 16, they were caught skipping class and kissing by their teacher and were forced to stay after class as punishment. When detention ended, Bobby left first to start up his car, intending to give Josey a ride. While he was away, Josey was attacked and raped by her teacher. Bobby witnessed the rape and not knowing what to do, he left the school quickly. Josey got pregnant from the rape, but refused to abort the baby or give it away, and had Sam. Josey\'s lawyer Bill gets Bobby to admit he is lying about the sex being consensual. Glory has come to the court in her wheelchair and from the back of the room her husband reads a letter saying she stands with Josey. Other women then stand up to support Josey\'s complaint. They are followed by more women, family members, and miners. With this, the mining company loses the case and is forced to pay the women for what they suffered, in addition to establishing a sexual harassment policy at the workplace. Josey, vindicated, thanks Bill for all that he has done for her and her family and departs to teach Sam how to drive, telling him that she intends to buy him a car on his 18th birthday.'] ['A lawyer  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he defends a cuckolded wife-killer.'] ["Rookie lawyer Alec Brno  has just been assigned the case of his career: exposing a billion-dollar oil scam led by a ruthless mafia boss . When he reluctantly falls for the gangster's beautiful, but drug-addicted wife , who is also his key witness, Alec soon realizes that all the legal savvy in the world can not protect him from the dangerous reality of mob violence. In a system where criminals often walk free, sometimes courtroom warriors must take the battle for justice into their own hands."] ['The film tells the story of middleweight boxer Rubin "Hurricane" Carter, whose conviction for a Paterson, New Jersey triple murder was set aside after he had spent almost 20 years in prison. Narrating Carter\'s life, the film concentrates on the period between 1966 and 1985. It describes his fight against the conviction for triple murder and how he copes with nearly twenty years in prison. In a parallel plot, an underprivileged youth from Brooklyn, Lesra Martin, becomes interested in Carter\'s life and destiny after reading Carter\'s autobiography, and convinces his Canadian foster family to commit themselves to his case. The story culminates with Carter\'s legal team\'s successful pleas to Judge H. Lee Sarokin of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In 1966, Rubin "Hurricane" Carter was a top-ranked middleweight boxer whom many fans expected to become the world\'s greatest champion in boxing. When three victims, specifically the club\'s bartender and a male and a female costumer, were shot to death in a bar in Paterson, New Jersey, Carter and his friend John Artis, driving home from another club in Paterson, were stopped and interrogated by the police. Although the police asserted that Carter and Artis were innocent and thus, "were never suspects," a man named Alfred Bello, a suspect himself in the killings, claimed that Carter and Artis were present at the time of the murders. On the basis of Bello\'s testimony, Carter and Artis were convicted of murder, claiming that Carter and Artis were the main suspects of the triple homicide in the club, and Carter was given three consecutive life sentences. Throughout the trial, Carter proclaimed his innocence, proving that his African-American race, his boxing career and status and his work as a civil rights activist were the real reasons for his conviction. Eight years later, Bello and a co-suspect, Arthur Bradley, who also claimed that Carter was present at the scene of the crimes, renounced and recanted their testimony. As a result, Carter and Artis were convicted once again. In the early 1980s, Brooklyn teenager Lesra Martin worked with a trio of Canadian activists to push the State of New Jersey to reinvestigate and rescrutinize Carter\'s case. In 1985, a Federal District Court ruled that the prosecution in Carter\'s second trial committed "grave constitutional violations" and that his conviction was based on racism rather than facts. Carter was finally freed, and he summed up his story by saying, "Hate got me into this place, love got me out."{{cite web}}'] ['A young archaeological apprentice played by David Charvet is drawn into a perilous expedition deep beneath the timeless sands of Egypt. They encounter ancient monsters and escape death traps. Through the expedition they discover a secret older than time and a danger beyond imagination. The "sleepers" have awoken. The gods have arisen. And the countdown to the end of the world has begun. The movie was completed in 2007, but has still not been publicly released as of 2012.'] ['{{plot}} The film begins with Helen Hannah waking up in a jail cell, praying to God. A flashback reveals that she did not die at the end of the previous film. At the O.N.E. Headquarters, Macalousso asks Vicky Thorne to be the prosecutor in what he heralds as "the biggest trial in history". Thorne then visits Mitch Kendrick, a lawyer and her ex-lover, informing him that he has been appointed as Hannah\'s defence attorney. At the hideout of the Christian Underground, J.T. Quincy and the remaining cell members decide to rescue Hannah. The trial begins. Kendrick tells the court that Helen Hannah is a pawn of God, and decides, in a publicity stunt, to put God himself on trial. Thorne and Judge Wells hate the idea, but Macalousso - eager to repair the recent blows to his reputation - approves the idea. J.T. visits Colin McMahon, an underground doctor, to have a fake 666 mark imprinted on his hand. J.T. then visits his old friends Dawn and Dave, fugitives hiding in an old warehouse. He offers them food in return for their assistance. Later that evening, Kendrick watches a tape at his house. The tape is one of the illegal broadcasts of the Christian Underground, which claims that O.N.E. is responsible for various atrocities blamed on \'The Haters\'. Thorne comes upon Kendrick looking at an old abandoned church. She orders him to gain Hannah\'s trust so as to expose the key Resistance. Kendrick silently stays to witness the church be burnt down by agents of O.N.E. Kendrick then returns home, where he finds Macalousso waiting for him. The Antichrist tells Kendrick not to allow Helen Hannah to testify on God\'s behalf, and that he wishes to be called to the stand when the trial ends. Doctor McMahon is shot in his home by a group of agents of O.N.E, who then have his hand cut off and taken to a laboratory. Kendrick visits Hannah in her cell, having taken care to scramble the security camera. Kendrick reveals that his mark is a fake, which he procured from the black market. However, he only believes in himself, denying both Macalousso and any \'Father in Heaven\'. Hannah futilely attempts to persuade him of the existence of God and the Rapture. At the trial, Thorne calls various damning witnesses in favour of O.N.E to the stand. First come General Tyson Kennan, head of O.N.E. Peace Corps. Kennan denounces the world prior to Macalousso as a hotbed of war, prejudice and hatred - but that since Macalousso\'s takeover, World War III has been averted, and a general euphoria has gripped the globe\'s population. Next comes Willie Spino, much to the surprise of Hannah, who believed him dead. Spino claims that accepting the mark has freed him from being bound to a wheelchair, and granted him supernatural powers shared by the human race. Spino explains that Hannah was his stepsister, and denounces her for claiming that he should have forsaken his regained mobility and newfound powers. At this point, Kendrick objects by asking if Spino loves Hannah. Spino denies it - but admits loving her as his sister prior to taking the Mark. Judge Wells abruptly adjourns the trial in the face of this reversal. Kendrick again meets Hannah in her cell. Hannah confides in him that belief in Christ does not remove fear. Kendrick reveals he has been through a precedent - Thorne blackmailed him into defending his own father, accused of being a Hater, so as to force him to choose a side. He lost the trial and had to witness his father\'s execution. Hannah begins to trust Kendrick, and gives him the location of the Haters. The trial resumes. Helen is called to the stand by Thorne. The cross-examination is severely rigged - Thorne discredits Hannah\'s every answer by claiming they do not fit with the world which stands behind Macalousso. Kendrick visits the Christians and claims to believe their innocence, but the trial can only be won if O.N.E is finally exposed for all of its crimes. Soon after he leaves, agents of O.N.E. invade the hideout, killing many haters including Mrs Quincy. Some Christians barely escape - J.T, Jake Goss and Selma Davis among them. Conferring with Hannah, Kendrick realises that the O.N.E had a surveillance chip implanted into his arm. The outcome of the trial seems bad for Hannah, but Selma Davis shows up unexpectedly as a witness. Selma tells Thorne about Simon Greenleaf, a pre-Rapture expert on the Second Coming. Thorne and Judge Wells are displeased about Kendrick calling her to testify, as she was an undisclosed witness. In Hannah\'s cell, Kendrick argues with her one last time about his father and God. Kendrick is angered, as he believes his father chose God over his son. During the argument, Kendrick drops his scrambling device, which Thorne notices from the security camera. The prosecutor orders the guards to search Kendrick, but fortunately they find nothing - possibly an act of God. J.T, Dave and Jake Goss arrive at the court plaza in their broadcast van. J.T sends Dave to infiltrate the court building, but Dave fails when the alarm is raised and he is killed by guards. In another deus ex machina, J.T. receives a call from Kendrick, who tells him how to disguise himself to enter the court. Kendrick calls Macalousso to the stand, as requested by the Antichrist. Macalousso explains that the trial is a question of faith - Helen Hannah refused to accept his Mark, choosing to believe the lie of Christ. Hannah barely has time to denounce him as the liar when Judge Wells orders her to be taken for execution. Kendrick reveals his ace in the hole. Refusing to conclude the trial, he interrogates Macalousso - before pulling out a gun with one bullet. The guards cannot intervene. Kendrick tells the crowd he will call to the stand anyone willing to die for Macalousso. Nobody steps forward. Kendrick then lays his gun in front of Thorne, telling her he forgives her. To die for someone is the greatest sacrifice of all, and the paradise that Macalousso has created will someday pass away, but simple belief will open the doors to an eternal paradise. Undefeated, Macalousso tells Kendrick that so long as there are still people who bear the Mark, he is master of the Earth. J.T. tries to release Hannah from her cell, where she awaits execution with Selma. J.T. is noticed by a real guard and prepares to pull his gun out, but Selma whispers to him there is a better way. In the third deus ex machina, the guard is called away to the courtroom, and J.T. breaks the lock. Macalousso watches as Thorne comes up to Kendrick. Knowing he has finally chosen his side, she tells him he will take a bullet for his new god - whereupon she shoots him. As Kendrick lays dying, Thorne tells him he is a fool, just like his father. As J.T, Hannah and Selma leave the building, J.T. tells Helen that Kendrick knew that O.N.E. were not the only ones listening to her prayers. The last shot of the film is a newspaper headline saying that Helen has escaped.'] ['Josef K.  is awakened in his apartment one morning by two police officers who inform him that he is under open arrest. The officers decline to identify the crime that Josef K. is being charged with, nor do they take him into custody. When the officers leave, Josef K. converses with his landlady, Mrs. Grubach , and his neighbor, Miss Burstner , about what transpired. He later goes to his office, where he is reprimanded by his superior for allegedly having improper relations with his female teenage cousin. That evening, Josef K. goes to the opera, but is taken from the theater by a police inspector  and is brought to a courtroom, where his attempts to confront the peculiar nature of his case are in vain. He later returns to his office and discovers the two police officers who first visited him are being whipped in a small room. Josef K.’s uncle Max recommends that he consult with Hastler , a law advocate. After brief encounters with the wife of a courtroom guard  and a room full of condemned men waiting for trial, Josef K. has an interview with Hastler, which proves unsatisfactory. Hastler’s mistress  suggests that Josef K. seek out the advice of the artist Titorelli , but this is also not helpful. Seeking refuge in a cathedral, Josef K. learns from a priest  that he has been condemned to death. Hastler abruptly appears at the cathedral to confirm the priest’s information. On the evening before his thirty-first birthday, Josef K. is apprehended by two executioners and is brought to a quarry, where he is forced to remove some of his clothing. The executioners give the condemned man a knife, but he refuses to commit suicide. The executioners leave Josef K. in a quarry pit and throw dynamite at him. Josef K. laughs at his executioners and picks the dynamite up. Then from a distance there is an explosion and the smoke from the dynamite billows into the air.Cowie, Peter. "The Cinema of Orson Welles." 1973, A.S. Barnes & Co.'] ["In a small western Massachusetts town, Dr. Carolyn Ryan  and her sculptor husband Ben  seem to live an idyllic life with their two children Jacob  and Judith . Their world is shattered one evening when Sheriff Fran Conklin  arrives to tell them that Martha Taverner has been killed and witnesses saw Jacob with her just before she died. When he asks to speak with Jacob, the family realizes that he's not in his room as they thought. Conklin asks to look at Jacob's car, but Ben refuses to allow it. When Conklin tries to ask Judith where Jacob is, Ben becomes openly hostile, demanding the sheriff get a warrant. When Conklin leaves to get the warrant, Ben inspects Jacob's car, finding clothes and a car jack with blood on them. He burns the clothes and cleans the jack before the police return. When he tells Carolyn what he has done, she is afraid that Ben may have destroyed evidence that could help them find Jacob, as she is fearful that a maniac may have killed both Martha and her son. The Ryans plaster the town with signs trying to find Jacob, but the town ostracizes them, assuming Jacob is a murderer. Postcards start to arrive from Jacob. The first is from Boston. Over the course of five weeks, he sends postcards from all over the country. Carolyn is convinced that he's been kidnapped and wants to alert the police. Ben remains wary of disclosing anything, insisting they must keep the postcards a secret. Eventually Jacob is caught and brought back home to stand trial. For the first several days, he is catatonic, only speaking aloud to enter his plea at the arraignment. He first speaks to Judith in their treehouse when she asks him if he really traveled all over the country. He explained that he would take the train to the Boston airport once a week and press the postcards on people who were headed to the cities on the cards. He would explain that he had just returned from a vacation there but forgotten to mail the postcards to his parents, and he did not want them to think he'd forgotten them. The travelers would mail the cards for him when they arrived at their destination. During dinner one evening, the family receives another harassing phone call from one of the townspeople. Ben playfully toys with the caller, but offers an impassioned defense of his son. Touched by his father's sincerity, Jacob finally opens up and explains what happened. He had been fighting with Martha when she revealed that she was pregnant, in addition to the fact that she had been sleeping with several other boys. They made up, but while they made love in Jacob's car, they got snowed in. Unable to free the car through a variety of methods, they decided to try to jack one end of the car up while they packed snow under the other end. Their fight reignited and got violent. Martha swung a crowbar at Jacob and missed him by an inch. Furious, he charged at her, knocking her to the ground. She landed face first on the jack and was killed. Ben decides that it is best to not reveal the truth. He coaches Jacob on a different version of the story, which they tell to their lawyer , but the plan goes awry when Ben is deposed by the grand jury and realizes that there is no father-son privilege which exempts him from testifying. As the grand jury continues, the pressure on the family builds to a breaking point. When Carolyn is called to testify, she reveals the truth. Jacob's lawyer is incensed, but he explains that he will simply treat Carolyn as a hostile witness and her testimony will amount to hearsay, since it conflicts with Jacob's account of the events. When Ben discovers what Carolyn has done, he is furious. A family argument ensues and in the morning, Jacob is missing again. He turns up at the police station, where he has given a full confession. As a minor, he needs his parents to sign his confession. Ben refuses, explaining that he could never sign anything that took Jacob away from him. Jacob is sentenced to five years for involuntary manslaughter, but is released after only 2 years with probation, and Ben is sentenced to almost one year for his cover up. The family relocates to Miami."] [' Having survived the hatred and bigotry that was his Klansman grandfather Sam Cayhall\'s  only legacy, young attorney Adam Hall  seeks to appeal the old man\'s death sentence for the murder of two Jewish children 30 years before. Only 28 days before Cayhall is to be executed, Adam meets his grandfather for the first time in the Mississippi State Penitentiary which has held him since his conviction in 1980. The meeting is predictably tense when the educated, young Mr. "Hall" confronts his venom-spewing elder, Mr. "Cayhall" about the murders. The next day, headlines run proclaiming Adam the grandson who has come to the state to save his grandfather, the infamous Ku Klux Klan bomber. While the old man\'s life lies in the balance, Adam\'s motivation in fighting this battle becomes clear as the story unfolds. He fights not only for his grandfather but also perhaps for himself. He has come to heal the wounds of his own father\'s suicide, to mitigate the secret shame he has always felt for having this man as a grandfather and to bring closure, one way or another, to the suffering the old man seems to have brought to everyone he has ever known.'] ['In a small Southern town, a school teacher, Bertram Cates, is about to stand trial. His offense: Introducing to his students the concept that man descended from the apes, a theory of the naturalist Charles Darwin, though vigorously renounced by town leaders such as the Rev. Jeremiah Brown. The town is excited because appearing on behalf of the prosecution will be the famous Matthew Harrison Brady, a noted statesman and failed presidential candidate. A staunch foe of Darwinism and a Biblical scholar, Brady will sit beside his hand-picked prosecuting attorney, Davenport, in the courtroom of Judge Coffey to teach the naive teacher Cates the error of his ways. A surprise is in store for Brady, however. The teacher\'s defense is to be handled by the equally well-known Henry Drummond, one of America\'s most controversial legal minds and a long-standing acquaintance and adversary of Brady. An influential newspaperman, E.K. Hornbeck of the Baltimore Herald, has personally seen to it that Drummond will come to town to represent the teacher in this case, and that his newspaper and a radio network will provide nationwide coverage of what began as a minor legal matter. Rev. Brown rails against the defendant publicly, rallying the townspeople against Cates and his godless attorney. The preacher\'s daughter Rachel is conflicted because Cates is the love of her life. The judge clearly admires Brady, even addressing him as "Colonel" in court. Drummond objects to this, so, as a compromise, the judge reluctantly makes him a "temporary" colonel just for these proceedings. But each time Drummond attempts to call a scientist or authority figure to discuss Darwin\'s theories, the judge sustains the prosecution\'s objections and forbids such opinions to be heard. His hands tied in every other way, Drummond has no other choice but to put Brady himself on the witness stand. Brady\'s confidence in his Biblical knowledge is so great that he welcomes this challenge, but he becomes flustered under Drummond\'s cross-examination, unable to explain certain apparent contradictions, until Drummond hammers home his point&nbsp;&ndash; that Cates, like any other man, demands the right to think for himself. Cates is ultimately found guilty, to the gallery\'s relief, but because Drummond has made his case so convincingly with the trial becoming a political embarrassment, the judge sees fit to do no more than make him pay a very small fine. Brady is furious at this and tries to enter a lengthy speech into the record, but Drummond persuades the Judge to disallow it since the trial has concluded. As the court is adjourned, Brady tries to give his speech but most ignore him outside of his wife and his court opponents who are concerned seeing him become hysterical. During this fit he suffers a ruptured stomach and dies in the court room. Later, after the crowd has cleared out, Hornbeck is talking with Drummond and wants to use the Bible quotation from a religious rally held by Rev Brown and in which Brady had quoted the "inherit the wind" verse because Brown was about to damn his own daughter, but cannot remember it. Drummond, without looking up, quotes the verse verbatim, which shocks Hornbeck. He and Drummond argue over Brady and Hornbeck walks out, leaving Drummond alone in the courtroom to pack. Drummond picks up a Bible and Darwin\'s book, balancing them in his hands as if he was a scale. Then he puts the two together and slides them into his briefcase. The final scene shows Drummond walking out of the court room alone with the song "Give that Old Time Religion" being sung as it was in the opening of the movie.'] ['Jennifer Haines  is an up-and-coming Chicago attorney. She wins a big case, celebrates with the man in her life, Phil Garson ([[Stephen Lang , and returns to work to a hero\'s reception. Into her life walks David Greenhill , who was seated in the gallery during her previous trial. Greenhill is a debonair and arrogant ladies\' man who stands accused of murdering his wealthy wife, Rita . He wants Haines to represent him, but she declines. Something about him intrigues her, though, so the equally arrogant Haines has second thoughts. She tells her law firm\'s superiors that this promises to be a high-profile trial and she wants it because: "I am that good." Greenhill maintains his innocence but shows signs of irrational behavior that make Haines wary of him. She assigns her longtime investigator Moe  to do some digging and he begins to unearth the defendant\'s shady past. Greenhill in the meantime starts showing up unexpectedly in Haines\'s social life, stalking her and dropping hints that something is going on between them. Phil dislikes the guy intensely and demands Haines drop him as a client. She doesn\'t care for Greenhill either but resents being told what to do. She refuses to quit his case until her law partners notify her that the fee Greenhill promised remains unpaid. An unsympathetic judge  tells Haines it\'s her own fault and refuses to let her abandon her client. Learning from Moe that Greenhill has a history of dating older women who usually end up dead, a horrified Haines wants to turn him in, but is bound to attorney-client privilege. She instead tries to sabotage her own case by having evidence planted at Greenhill\'s apartment, hoping that it will lead to his conviction. He knows she must be behind it and takes his revenge by viciously assaulting Phil, who ends up hospitalized. Greenhill\'s case ends in a mistrial, after the jury fails to reach a unanimous verdict. Greenhill, seemingly pleased, displays regret that he never had a chance to take the stand. He does so privately for Haines in the empty coutroom, revealing that he had been scouting her far in advance of the murder case. He confesses that he did indeed kill his wife and provides vivid details. Greenhill further tells Haines that he knows she planted the evidence. He could use this to blackmail her, but says he has come to tire of her. Haines fears the psychopathic Greenhill will now come after her. She prepares to disclose everything, even at the cost of her career. Greenhill anticipates this. He murders Moe, knocking him out and then setting fire to his office. He then intercepts Haines at her apartment building. He casually states that between Phil\'s beating and Moe\'s death, she is grieving enough to commit suicide. A fierce struggle ensues. Greenhill manages to throw Haines over a railing, but to his horror, she pulls him down with her. They fall several stories together. Greenhill is killed in the fall. Haines, cushioned by his body, is severely injured but survives. As she is carried off to hospital, she triumphantly states: "I beat him, Phil. I beat him. Tough way to win a case."'] 